Alex Rafael

Alex Rafael da Silva Antônio (born 1 January 1988 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer. He plays for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as striker.

He started playing football in the youth teams of Corinthians São Paulo. In 2007, he went on to the local rival Palmeiras. After the foundation of Red Bull Brasil, he played with this team and was promoted two times till they played in the Série A2, the second league in the province of São Paulo. In 2010, he played in the final of the Copa Paulista.

In 2011, he and his team mate Jefferson were invited to practice with FC Red Bull Salzburg in Austria. He played in test matches versus Bayer Leverkusen and Olympique Lyonnais. He could convince the coaches and so he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in Austrias Bundesliga.


Corroboree frog

There are two species of corroboree frog:

Northern corroboree frog

The northern corroboree frog is one of two species of corroboree frog ("Pseudophryne pengilleyi"). The other is the southern corroboree frog.

The two frogs were believed to be the same. But in 1996 they were recognised as two different species. The northern corroboree frog is a very small black frog with either light green or yellow stripes. Unlike the southern species, these stripes are sometimes broken.

It lives in the subalpine areas of south eastern Australia, an area of about including the Kosciusko National Park, Namadgi National Park, the Brindabella Mountains and the Fiery Ranges. 

The northern corroboree frog has not suffered as badly as the southern as it has a much larger habitat. It lives above above sea level and with higher population numbers at the lower level. It has recently been downgraded from critical to an endangered species by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

Galaxy Science Fiction

Galaxy Science Fiction was an American science fiction magazine. It was published from 1950 to 1980.

H. L. Gold was the first editor. He made "Galaxy" the leading science fiction magazine of its time. He published stories about social issues, not just technology. Gold published many well-known and important stories, including: Robert A. Heinlein's "The Puppet Masters" and Alfred Bester's "The Demolished Man". He also published Ray Bradbury's "The Fireman", which later became the novel "Fahrenheit 451".

By the late 1950s, Frederik Pohl was helping Gold with the magazine. When Gold became ill, Pohl became editor. He started officially at the end of 1961, but had been doing most of the editing for a while. "Galaxy" continued to be successful. Pohl often published fiction by important writers such as Cordwainer Smith, Jack Vance, Harlan Ellison, and Robert Silverberg. However, Pohl never won the annual Hugo Award for his work at "Galaxy". He did win three Hugos for another magazine, "If". In 1969, "Galaxy" was sold to Universal Publishing and Distribution Corporation (UPD) and Pohl quit. Later editors included Ejler Jakobsson and James Baen.

George Medal

The George Medal (GM) is the second highest civil award of the United Kingdom and Commonwealth. It ranks below the George Cross. It is only awarded for non-combat acts of bravery.

The GM was created on 24 September 1940 by King George VI. At this time, during the height of The Blitz, there was a desire to reward acts of civilian courage. It was decided that the George Cross and the GM would recognise civilian bravery in the face of enemy action and brave deeds more widely.

Announcing the new award, the King said: 

The Warrant for the GM was published in the "London Gazette" on 31 January 1941. The medal is granted in recognition of "acts of great bravery". The GM was originally not issued posthumously, but the warrant was amended in 1977 to allow posthumous awards, several of which have been subsequently made.

The medal is primarily a civilian award, but it may be awarded to military personnel for gallant conduct that is not in the face of the enemy. As the Warrant states:

Bars are awarded to the GM in recognition of the performance of further acts of bravery meriting the award. In undress uniform or on occasions when the medal ribbon alone is worn, a silver rosette is worn on the ribbon to indicate each bar. Recipients are entitled to the postnominal letters GM.

The details of all awards to British and Commonwealth recipients are published in the "London Gazette".


George Cross

The George Cross (GC) is the highest civil decoration of the United Kingdom, and many other countries of the Commonwealth of Nations. The GC is the civilian counterpart of the Victoria Cross (VC). It is the highest gallantry award for civilians. Also, it may be awarded to military personnel in actions not in the face of the enemy or for which purely military honours would not normally be granted. 

The list of living s of the George Cross is small.

4. George Cross Encyclopaedia, by Marion Hebblethwaite, comprehensive illustrated bibliographies of all recipients, 2021 

Land Rover

Land Rover is a brand of the British Jaguar Land Rover company. The brand is used on cars (SUV's). Land Rover vehicles are supplied to the British Army. The original Land Rover car dates back to 1949, and was designed by Maurice Wilks. 1947

As of 2021, the Land Rover brand is used on seven ranges of vehicle: the Defender, Discovery, Discovery Sport, Range Rover Evoque, Range Rover Sport, Range Rover, and Range Rover Velar.

Croix de Guerre

The Croix de guerre (English translation: "Cross of War") is a military medal of both France and Belgium.

It was first created in 1915 in both countries. It consists of a square-cross medal on two crossed swords, hanging from a ribbon with various degree pins. The decoration was awarded during World War I, again in World War II, and in other conflicts. The Croix de guerre was also often awarded to foreign military forces allied to France and Belgium.

The Croix de guerre may be given to a unit or to individuals who for acts of heroism involving combat with enemy forces. The medal is also awarded to those who have been "mentioned in despatches". This means a heroic deed was performed meriting a citation from an individual's headquarters unit. The unit award of the Croix de guerre was issued to military commanders who performed heroic deeds in combat and were subsequently recognized by headquarters.

Scallop

A scallop is a marine bivalve mollusc of the family Pectinidae. Scallops live in all the world's oceans.

This is one of the largest families of living bivalves. There are over 300 living species of scallop. Their main adaptation is the ability to swim by clapping their valves together. In this way they escape from most of their predators.

They have a good reputation as a food source. As bivalves they have one hinged shell; each half is known as a valve. The lower valve is usually white (about 95%). It can also be orange (4%) or Lemon Yellow (1%).

The name "scallop" comes from the Old French "escalope", which means "shell". Their shells can be up to 15 centimetres (6 inches) across.

1. Their ability to swim. However, a few species attach to rocks as adults by a filament. Most species lie on sandy beds, and swim off when touched by a starfish or other predator.

2. They have eyes round the edges of their mantle. Their eyes cannot see shapes, but they can detect changing patterns of light and motion.

3. Semi-circular ridged shape to the shell. The valves are similar, and fit closely together to make a tight-fitting shell.

4. At some stage in their lives, all scallops all have a ridge of tiny teeth near the notch where the byssus comes out in other bivalves. This is called the "ctenolium". Its importance is that only scallops have it, and it can be seen in fossils. So that tells palaeontologists when they have a fossil scallop.
Scallops have a central adductor muscle. This is the same as true oysters (family Ostreidae). The inside of their shell has a scar in the middle. This shows where this muscle attaches to the shell. The adductor muscle of scallops is larger and more developed than the adductor muscle of oysters. This is because they swim.

Most scallops are filter feeders. They eat plankton. The plankton sometimes has scallop larvae in it. Siphons bring water over a filtering structure. Mucus then traps the food. Next, the cilia on the structure moves the food to the mouth. Then, the scallop digests the food in the stomach and digestive gland. Waste goes through the intestine and exits through the anus.

Some scallops, such as the Atlantic bay scallop "Argopecten irradians" do not live for a long time. Others can live 20 years or more.
One can estimate their age from the annuli, the concentric rings on their shells.

The scallop family is unusual because of the variety in arrangements for sexual reproduction. In some species, a scallop has only one sex. They are either male or female. Other species are hermaphrodites so a single scallop has both male and female reproductive organs at the same time. A few scallops are male when they are young and they become female when they grow older.

Red roe comes from female scallops. White roe comes from males. Scallops release Spermatozoa and ova freely into the water during the mating season. Fertilized ova sink to the bottom. The immature scallop hatches after a few weeks. The larvae drift in the plankton until they go to the bottom again to grow. They may attach by means of byssal threads.

There are many Pectinidae species, living and fossil. True Pectinidae (ones with a "ctenolium") first appeared in the Upper or Middle Triassic over 200 million years ago (mya), and perhaps as early as 240 mya.

The Pectinidae family had a large number of species in the Mesozoic era, but they almost disappeared at the end of the Cretaceous period. The survivors evolved rapidly during the Tertiary period. There are nearly 7,000 species and subspecies for the fossil and recent Pectinidae.

The evolution of bivalves that swim is a consequence of the so-called "Mesozoic marine revolution". In the Mesozoic era sea-floor predators evolved various new forms which fed on the abundant shellfish (brachiopods and bivalves). These predators are still abundant today: they are mostly the starfish, the gastropods, and the crabs.

Each predator has its own methods. Crabs break the shells by force. Some gastropods make holes in the shell and put in a paralysing or relaxing substance; others work on small cracks in the edge of the shell. Once they get their proboscis in, they eat the shellfish.

Starfish are the most common predators. The shells of brachiopods and bivalves are held together by strong muscles. What the starfish does is clamp hold of them on either side with its tube feet, and apply a steady pull. The starfish, with its muscles and hydraulic system, can pull for much longer than any bivalve muscle can withstand. Apparently, ten minutes are usually enough to open the shell a bit. Then the starfish slips its stomach inside the shell. The stomach can get through a slot as narrow as 0.1mm. The starfish then dissolves the mollusc where it lives, absorbing the nutrients.

Consequently, there was a great reproductive advantage for any prey which had even the slightest defence to these predators. Many shellfish developed extra-tough shells. Some burrowed into the sand. Scallops must had had some elementary movement, which developed rapidly under selection. They became extremely common in the Mesozoic. There are some other methods used by a few scallops. "Chlamys hastata" often carry sponges on their shell. It is a kind of mutualism. The sponge makes it difficult for starfish to get their tube feet on, and camouflages "Chlamys hastata" from predators.

When scallops move off the sand they are open to new predators such as rays, which patrol just above the ocean floor. They may also be picked up by seabirds which open shells by dropping them on rock. Evidently the main advantage lies in getting away from the starfish, which are very numerous on inshore and continental shelf habitats.

Studies have shown the Pectinidae family is monophyletic, developing from a single common ancestor. The direct ancestors of Pectinidae were scallop-like bivalves of the family Entoliidae.

The largest wild scallop fishery is for the Atlantic sea scallop ("Placopecten magellanicus") off northeastern United States and eastern Canada. Most of the rest of the world's production of scallops is from Japan (wild, enhanced, and aquaculture), and China (mostly cultured Atlantic bay scallops). In 2005, China accounted for 80% of the global scallop and pecten catch, according to a Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) study.

Scallops are popular in both Eastern and Western cooking. They have two types of meat in one shell. The adductor muscle is white and meaty. The roe, called "coral", is red, orange or white and soft.

In Western cuisine, scallops are often served as an appetizer or starter. Some of the most common ways to cook them are sautéed in butter (especially with garlic), or breaded and deep fried. They can also be added to pasta, and are often served as Valentine's day meals. 

The byssus (also called the beard) is often tough. It is usually discarded or used later on for stock. Sometimes, markets sell scallops already prepared in the shell, with only the adductor muscle. Outside the U.S. the scallop is often sold whole, and people eat the adductor muscle and roe.

In Japanese cuisine, scallops may be served in soup or prepared as sashimi or sushi. In a sushi bar, "hotategai" (帆立貝, 海扇) is the traditional scallop on rice. "Kaibashira" (貝柱) might be scallop, but it can also be the adductor muscle of any kind of shellfish, such as mussels, oysters, or clams.
In Cantonese Chinese cuisine dried scallop is called conpoy (乾瑤柱, 乾貝, 干貝).

The scallop shell is the traditional emblem of James, son of Zebedee. It is popular with pilgrims on the Way of St James to the apostle's shrine at Santiago de Compostela in Spain.

Throughout antiquity, scallops and other hinged shells have symbolized the feminine principle. Many paintings of Venus, the Roman goddess of love and fertility, included a scallop shell in the painting to identify her. This is clear in Botticelli's classically inspired "The Birth of Venus"

Heraldry included the scallop shell symbol as a badge for people who had made the pilgrimage to Compostela. Later it became a symbol of pilgrimage in general. Winston Churchill's family coat of arms includes scallops. However, symbols in heraldry do not always have the same meaning. Sometimes no family member has been on a pilgrimage but there are still scallops on the coat of arms.

Over 45 communes of France have one or more scallop shells on their coat of arms.

The U.S. state of New York has had the Atlantic bay scallop as its state shell since 1988. In design, "scalloped edges" or "ridges" means a wavy pattern which reminds people of the edge of a scallop's shell. Shell petroleum company has had a logo with a scallop shell on it since 1904.



QWOP

QWOP is a Flash game created by Bennett Foddy and released on the Internet in 2008 to his website called "Foddy.net". Players play as an athlete named "Qwop", who is participating in a 100-meter sprint event at the Olympic Games. Using only the Q, W, O and P keys, players must control the movement of the legs to make the character move forward. When the player has successfully reached 50 meters they must jump a hurdle, and at 100 meters the player is encouraged to perform a long jump, although simply passing the finish line is sufficient to complete the game. 

The game has been criticized for being too hard to get good at. In early December 2010, the game had a viral popularity outbreak after video blogger Ray William Johnson reviewed a YouTube video that annotates the game, becoming the subject of an Internet meme. Despite this, the game helped Foddy’s site reach 30 million views.<ref name = "https://www.wired.co.uk/magazine/archive/2011/09/start/no-pain-no-gain"></ref> After the success of the game, Foddy created another flash game called "GIRP", which was released on his site in 2011.<ref name = "https://www.wired.co.uk/magazine/archive/2011/09/start/no-pain-no-gain"></ref>


Aga Khan IV

His Highness Karīm al-Ḥussayni Shah, Aga Khan IV KBE (born 13 December 1936) is the 49th and current Imam of the Shia Ismaili Muslims.

He has held this position under the title of Aga Khan since 11 July 1957, when, at the age of 20, he succeeded his grandfather, Sir Sultan Mahomed Shah Aga Khan. He is responsible for the interpretation of the faith for his followers and helps to improve the quality of their lives and communities.

Unlike his grandfather, the present Aga Khan's higher education was in the United States at Harvard University. His children have also been educated in the U.S.

Since he became imam, the Aga Khan has followed the political and economic changes which have affected his followers. These events included the independence of African countries from colonial rule, the expulsion of Asians from Uganda, the independence of Central Asian countries such as Tajikistan from the former Soviet Union and the continuous turmoil in Afghanistan and Pakistan.

The Aga Khan is interested in the elimination of global poverty; the advancement of women; the promotion of Islamic culture, art, and architecture; and promoting pluralistic values in society. He is the founder and chairman of the Aga Khan Development Network, one of the largest private development networks in the world. This works for the environment, health, education, architecture, culture, microfinance, rural development, and disaster reduction. Goals include promotion of private-sector enterprise and the revitalisation of historic cities.

During his visit to India in 1983, the Aga Khan said,
The Aga Khan has been married twice, and has four children. His main residence is a vast walled compound and chateau, the Aiglemont estate near Chantilly, France. His Highness has many awards. Especially notable are the Nishan-e-Pakistan, Pakistan's highest civil award (1983), and the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. The Aga Khan is the first Muslim to receive this honour (1977).

Jesse Jackson

Jesse Louis Jackson, Sr. (born October 8, 1941) is an American church minister, activist and politician. Jackson was born Jesse Louis Burns, in Greenville, South Carolina. His mother, Helen Burns, was 16 years old at the time he was born. She never married his father, Noah Louis Robinson. When Jackson was two, his mother married Charles Jackson. Jesse was raised by his grandmother Matilda until he was 13. In 1957, he returned home when his step-father adopted him.

After he graduated from high school, Jackson had an offer to play professional baseball from the Chicago White Sox. He also received a scholarship to play college football at the University of Illinois, which he accepted. He later transferred to North Carolina A&T. He was one of Martin Luther King Jr.'s main organizers in Chicago for the Southern Christian Leadership Conferences. After King was shot, Jackson formed several civil rights organizations of his own. Two of these were Operation PUSH and the Rainbow Coalition. Jackson was also active in civil rights movements outside the United States. He also served as a Baptist minister.
Jackson ran for President in 1984 and 1988, coming in second in the 1988 Democratic party. Both times, he ran on a very liberal platform that wanted people of all races to co-operate, as well as more emphasis on education, urban issues and infrastructure. He wanted to be chosen as the Democrat's Vice-Presidential nominee, but Lloyd Bentsen was chosen instead. From 1991 to 1997, he was a shadow senator from the District of Columbia. People thought Jackson might run against Bill Clinton in the 1996 primaries, but he did not. 

In 2016, during the 2016 United States presidential election he endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. In 2020, during the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries, he endorsed Bernie Sanders to be the democratic nominee. 

He is known for saying some things that are controversial. Some things he said were offensive to Jews. He also said that Barack Obama was "acting like he's white" and "talking down to black people."

Jackson's eldest son, Jesse Jackson Jr., is a former congressman from Illinois. His other son, Jonathan Jackson, is a congressman from Illinois as well.

In November 2017, Jackson was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.

In August 2021, Jackson and his wife were hospitalized at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago, with COVID-19.

Structured program theorem

The structured program theorem is a theorem in programming and computer science. A computer program can be split into pieces of code that do a certain task. According to the structured program theorem, these smaller tasks can be combined in only three ways to get any larger task done.

A program gets a large task done by splitting it into many smaller tasks that the computer can do easily. These smaller tasks are called "subprograms" in computer science. According to the structured program theorem, the three ways subprograms can be combined are:
The theorem was first published in 1966 by Corrado Böhm and Guiseppe Jacopini. It comes from the 1946 description of the von Neumann architecture and the normal form theorem developed by Stephen Kleene.

Lower Triassic

The Lower Triassic is the first of three epochs of the Triassic period. It lasted from about 252.2 million years ago (mya) to ~247.2 mya. The Lower Triassic is the oldest epoch of the Mesozoic era. These rocks were laid down just after the great Permian–Triassic extinction event.

The Lower Triassic was called the Scythian stage, which can be found in older literature. In Europe, most of the Lower Triassic is composed of sandstone. It is a lithostratigraphic unit of continental red beds. They were formed on land under desert conditions.

The massive extinctions that ended the Paleozoic era caused extreme hardship for the surviving species. Many types of corals, brachiopods, molluscs, echinoderms, and other invertebrates had completely disappeared. The most common hard-shelled marine invertebrates were bivalves, gastropods, ammonites, echinoids, and a few articulate brachiopods. The most common land animal was the herbivorous synapsid "Lystrosaurus". 

The earliest Triassic faunas lacked biodiversity and were like that throughout the epoch. Recovery on land took 30 million years. 

The first ichthyosaurs evolved in this epoch. The largest ichthyosaurs known come from the Triassic.

The climate during the Lower Triassic (especially in the interior of the supercontinent Pangaea) was generally dry. Deserts were widespread. The poles had a temperate climate. The relatively hot climate of the epoch may have been caused by widespread volcanic eruptions.

On land, the plants included the lycophytes, the dominant cycadophytes, ginkgophyta (represented in modern times by "Ginkgo biloba"), ferns, horsetails and glossopteris. 

Middle Triassic

The Middle Triassic is the second of three epochs of the Triassic period. It lasted from about 247.2 million years ago (mya) to ~237 mya.

Once the middle series in the Triassic was known as the Muschelkalk. This name is now only used for a unit of rock strata of Middle Triassic age, found in western Europe.

Archosaurs were initially rarer than the therapsids which had dominated Permian terrestrial ecosystems, but they began to displace therapsids in the Middle Triassic. This 'Triassic takeover' may have contributed to the evolution of mammals. It forced the surviving therapsids and their mammalian successors to live as small, mainly nocturnal insectivores. Nocturnal life probably forced the proto-mammals to develop fur and higher metabolic rates. In their burrows, keeping warm, looking after the young and feeding them with milk were keys to their later success.

The ancestors of crocodiles, and the ancestors of pterosaurs and dinosaurs, were the most important archosaurs of this epoch.

In the Tethys Ocean, the first sauropterygia were present, the nothosaurs and early plesiosaurs. Ichthyosaurs had arrived in the Lower Triassic.

Shahab al-Din Suhrawardi

Shahāb al-Dīn Yahya ibn Habash as-Suhrawardī (, also known as Sohrevardi) was a 12th-century Persian poet, philosopher and Sufi. He was the founder of the Illuminationist philosophy or "Oriental Theosophy", or the Suhrawardi Order of Sufism. He is sometimes also called "Sheikh al Maqtul" (The Murdered Master/Sage) as he was executed for his beliefs and practices by orthodox Islamic authorities.

Adduction

Adduction is a form of movement in animal biology which brings a part of the anatomy closer to the sagittal plane of the body. The opposite of adduction is abduction.









Scallops have a central adductor muscle. It lets them open and close their shells. It is quite large and developed compared to other bivalves because they swim a lot.

List of Kurdish poets and authors

The following is a list of people who have contributed to the Kurdish literature.





2011–12 FC Barcelona season

The 2011–12 season is Futbol Club Barcelona's 118th in the Spanish league.

Barcelona signing a £125m deal with the Qatar Foundation.


Strength Through Joy

Strength Through Joy was a large state controlled program of rest and play in Nazi Germany. It made the tourism industry richer after a long time of no tourists. Many cruise ships were created specifically for this program, such as the MV Wilhelm Gustloff. Strength Through Joy was paused during the Second World War, and never restarted.

Hospital ship

A Hospital ship is a big boat which is built to cure patients. Most are operated by militaries, or by governments. Attacking one is a war crime, but Hospital ships are not allowed to carry any weapons, and enemy navies (if the owner of the Hospital ship is at war) are allowed to inspect them.　And hospital ship is due to be protected by Second Geneva Convention.

Volkswagen Beetle

The Volkswagen Beetle is a car manufactured by the Volkswagen company. It was designed by Dr. Ferdinand Porsche. When it was introduced, it had gone through over a million miles of testing - more than any other car at the time.

The history of the car is the history of the Volkswagen company - the company was created to make that car. Other than some military vehicles during WWII, it was the only car the company made at first.

The car was made from 1949 to 2003, over 23 million of them. For many years, it held the record as the most-sold car ever. It took the record from the Model T Ford in 1971, and held it until 2000 when the Toyota Corolla took it away.

The basic shape and design of the car did not change. It was also powered by an engine in the rear, had a small trunk up front, and was air-cooled (no radiator).

More recently, the company made the New Beetle, which looked similar, followed by the present-day Beetle from 2012. These are completely different cars however, since they have a water-cooled engine in the front, and are very similar underneath to the Volkswagen Golf.

There are many Volkswagen clubs around the world, the members restore or modify the original air-cooled Volkswagens.

Disney made a series of films about a Beetle called .

Ferdinand Porsche

Ferdinand Porsche (3 September 1875 – 30 January 1951) was born in Austria. He was a talented and well-known car designer, especially of race cars. But he always wanted to make a small car useful for a family. Finally Adolf Hitler gave him the opportunity to make the Volkswagen Beetle in 1936. But by the time the car started production, war broke out, and the company started making army vehicles instead. After World War II he was put in a French jail for almost 2 years but never convicted of a crime. He was released, but his health had been damaged and he died not long afterwards. He lived long enough to see his beloved small car being successfully produced by the Volkswagen company, but not to see the great success it eventually became.

He started the Porsche company in 1931. At first it made designs and prototypes for others (including the Volkswagen Beetle). Later, under his son Ferry Porsche's leadership, it started making high-end cars. It continues to produce high power cars to this day.



George Balanchine

George Balanchine (Saint Petersburg, January 22, 1904 – New York, April 30, 1983) was a ballet dancer and choreographer. His father was Georgian and his mother Russian. 

He was one of the 20th century's most famous choreographers. He developed over 200 ballets, mostly in the United States. He was the co-founder and balletmaster of the New York City Ballet. He was a choreographer known for his musicality. He often with Igor Stravinsky: 39 of his ballets were choreographed to music by Stravinsky.

Balanchine was trained at the Imperial Ballet School in St Petersburg. After the Revolution he joined what is now the Mariinsky Ballet. He escaped when the company toured Germany. He was picked up by Sergei Diaghilev to be a dancer and choreographer for the Ballets Russes.

After Diaghilev's death, Balanchine stayed in Europe until 1933. Then he was taken to New York by a wealthy patron, Lincoln Kirstein. Together they formed the American Ballet School. Later they formed the American Ballet Company. This company became the 'house' dance group of the New York Metropolitan Opera. Later, in 1938, Balanchine moved the company to Hollywood.

In 1948 he moved back to New York. This was to head the New York City Ballet at the New York State Theater. He designed this theater. From 1946 to 1982 he choreographed many dances for this company. Balanchine died in 1983 of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

In 1922 18 year old Balanchine married 15 year old Tamara Geva. After his divorce from Geva, Balanchine was with Alexandra Danilova from 1926 through 1933. He married and divorced three more times, all to women who were his dancers. There was Vera Zorina (December 1938–1946), Maria Tallchief (1946–1952), and Tanaquil Le Clercq (1952–1969). He did not have any children.

Tamara Karsavina

Tamara Platonovna Karsavina (10 March 1885 – 26 May 1978) was a Russian ballerina. She began her career in the Imperial Russian Ballet and later danced with the Diaghilev's Ballets Russes. 

Karsavina created the title role in "The Firebird", the Ballerina in "Petrushka", and The Young Girl in "Le Spectre de la Rose". After she settled in Hampstead, London, she began teaching ballet professionally. She assisted in setting up The Royal Ballet, and was a founding member of the Royal Academy of Dance. Her pupils included Dame Alicia Markova and Dame Margot Fonteyn. She wrote two books: the autobiography "Theatre Street" (1930) and the dance textbook "Classical Ballet: the flow of movement" (1962).


Jeddah Tower

Jeddah Tower, or Kingdom Tower is a paused skyscraper construction project in Jeddah, a major port city on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia. If completed according to plan, the Kingdom Tower would be the tallest building in the world, a title currently held by the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Kingdom Tower is planned to be approximately high, which is significantly taller than the current Guinness World Record holder, the Burj Khalifa which stands high.

Kingdom Tower is the first stage in the Kingdom City project, a planned suburb of Jeddah intended to become a new city entirely. Plans for Kingdom Tower have been circulating since 2008, when it was originally named the "Mile-High Tower." However, the foundation where the Kingdom Holding Company wanted to build the tower was not stable enough to support a mile-high structure. Instead, the company settled for the kilometer-high title, where on August 2, 2011, Kingdom Holding announced that construction would commence shortly. The idea of Kingdom Tower is credited to the Prince of Saudi Arabia, Al-Waleed bin Talal, who is also the owner of Kingdom Holding Company. As one of the wealthiest men in the world, the Saudi prince is the main contributor to the project.

However, many people are complaining that the tower is going to be a waste of much needed capital. The government has many problems and issues that require the money of the Saudi Arabian government, such as improving education and providing jobs that will benefit the country as a whole. As such, there are some that believe the country cannot afford to pursue such a large project. Many believe that this project is an elitist venture made simply to compete with the already-failed Burj Khalifa, which is known to be almost completely empty. Saudi Arabians and immigrants alike fear that the project is going to be a failure in stimulating the lagging economy of Saudi Arabia, and will instead add to the debt of the country.

Still, others also believe that the project will benefit the economy of Saudi Arabia, bringing in much needed jobs to help construct the building, and will bring in a large amount of tourism already concentrated within the Hejaz area where Jeddah resides.


Harmonium

A harmonium, also called a "reed organ" or "pump organ", is a keyboard instrument that is a lot like an organ. It makes sound by blowing air through reeds, which are tuned to different pitches to make musical notes.

A harmonium can be made to work using either the feet or the hands:
The hand-pumped harmonium was created by Dwarkanath Ghose so that the instrument could be played while the player was sitting down on the floor. It is used in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and in other South Asian countries as an accompanying instrument in Hindustani classical music, Sufi Music, and other devotional music, Qawwali, , and a variety of genres including accompaniment to Classical Kathak Dance and other entertainments. Others began building used similar instruments. In Vienna, Anton Haeckl constructed the physharmonica, a keyboard instrument filled with free reeds. John Green invented the seraphine, which produced music when air was blown over metallic reeds. Such instruments are now museum pieces.

The first instrument called a harmonium was made by in 1840 in France. He patented his harmonium in Paris on August 9, 1840. 

A Harmonium with a swarmandal (a small, harp-like instrument, similar to a Zither or an Autoharp) was made by Bhishmadev Vedi. As the swarmandal box was too big for the harmonium, his disciple Manohar Chimote fixed the strings within the breadth of the instrument naming it as ‘Samvadini’. This instrument allows the strings to be played by the hand on the bellows, and keys by the other hand. Chimote provided a new natural ‘Gandhar’ tuning in this harmonium. Although this tuning was limited to the 12 tones versus the 22 required in Hindustani classical music.

A 22-Shruti-Harmonium was created by Vidyadhar Oke (Indian Patent No. 250197). To achieve this, he first clarified the essential difference between 'Nada' and 'Shruti' and pinpointed the positions to play the 22 Microtones (Shrutis) on any string instrument. He documented the specific difference between 22 Shrutis versus the 12-Tone Equal temperament Scale. His 22-Shruti-Harmonium provides special knobs below each of the keys to regulate the reeds, making 22 Shrutis available within 12 keys. As this is a modified hand-pumped harmonium, no special playing skill is necessary. The 22-Shruti-Harmonium enables the creation of any Raga with all the notes perfectly consonant with a Tanpura. By positioning all the knobs in the central position, the 22-Shruti-Harmonium can produce the sound of an accordion.

A Shruti box is a keyless harmonium, used only to produce drones to support other soloists.


KrioRus

KrioRus is a cryonics company that freezes dead people or animals. People do that in hope that, in the future when medicine becomes better, they can have life again, solve their health problems and have eternal life.

KrioRus is in Russia but can freeze people from every part of the world, specially from Europe and Asia.



Butler, Alabama

Butler is a city in Choctaw County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 1,871. The city is the county seat of Choctaw County.

When Choctaw County was formed in 1847, Butler was created as the county seat. The town was located and settled in 1848. It is named in honor of Colonel Pierce Butler, a soldier killed in the Mexican-American War.

Public education is provided by the Choctaw County School District. Choctaw County High School has grades 7 through 12. Choctaw County Elementary School has grades K through 6. Patrician Academy is a private school (grades pre-K through 12) located in Butler.



Aerial warfare

Aerial warfare is fighting a war in the air. This is usually done by using helicopters and airplanes. Bombers and attack aircraft fight enemies on the ground or bomb strategic targets in air raids. Fighter planes fight other airplanes. Transport aircraft carry infantry troops into battle or drop them as paratroopers. 

United States Military Academy

The United States Military Academy at West Point (also known as West Point, USMA, Army (athletic teams)) is a university that teaches students to become officers in the US Army. Students are called "cadets" and are subject to military rules while studying subjects like engineering and military science for four years. For many years, West Point only taught men, but in 1976 West Point admitted its first female cadets. Women currently comprise approximately 15% of entering new cadets.

Military officers compose 75% of the faculty. Civilian professors make up the remaining 25% of faculty positions.

Congress formally authorized and funded West Point on 16 March 1802. West Point was so successful, that military academies were added later for the Navy, Coast Guard and Air Force.

West Point was originally a Fort. The Continental Army used it to guard the Hudson River. General Benedict Arnold tried to betray it.

West Point has a very broad sports program. All of its students are required to compete in at least one sport, either at the intramural (i.e., within the school) or intercollegiate (i.e., against other schools) level, in every semester.

The Army intercollegiate sports teams are nicknamed "Black Knights". Most Army teams play in the Patriot League. The football team plays at the highest level, known as Division I FBS, but is independent—not in any conference. The men's ice hockey team plays in Atlantic Hockey.



Barebacking

Barebacking is when people have sexual intercourse without using a condom. The term originated in the gay community, and was used to refer to unprotected anal sex. The word is related to "bareback", which means riding a horse without a saddle. Barebacking refers to a deliberate decision to not use a condom, forgetting to use a condom is not barebacking.

Barebacking is dangerous, because there is a high risk of infection with sexually transmitted diseases, such as Syphilis, or HIV. Even if both partners are HIV positive, there is a risk of infection with other strains of HIV. This may mean that the disease becomes more difficult to treat, or that certain drugs stop working.

Conscription

Conscription, also called draft, is when a government forces people to enlist in the army or other military service. Usually, only men are conscripted, but in some countries such as Israel, Norway and Sweden, women are as well. A soldier who has been drafted to serve in the army is called a "conscript". 

Conscription may or may not be compulsory. If compulsory, it may be resisted. Usually, exceptions are allowed. Since men in their late teens and twenties are the main objective, conscription clashes with higher education, and exceptions may be allowed.

The first large, modern conscript army was the French Grand Army after the French Revolution. Conscription soon became a common way of making up the armies. Almost all of the powerful armies in the world except United Kingdom were conscript armies, but during the World Wars, even the British Army used mostly conscripts.

Conscription was introduced in August 1916 in New Zealand during the First World War because the number of men needed to be recruited had not been met. 

Conscription armies are large, but they are often poorly equipped and trained and have poor morale. In combat they usually suffer many casualties. Usually conscripts serve with little pay. Conscription may be considered as a type of forced labour. In some countries, young men who refuse to join the army are sentenced to prison. Many people "dodged" or illegally avoided conscription during the Vietnam War in the United States.

There are arguments for conscription. Some see it as fair since everyone shares the burden of service. A small country with few people can make up a large enough army by conscription. If a country is in the middleof hostile neighbours and war can break up at any time, or if the country is a "buffer state" (between two military powers), training all available young people as soldiers can be a good idea.

The alternatives for conscription are militia or universal conscription systems, as in Switzerland, or a professional army made up from volunteers. The United States gave up conscription during the Cold War. The Vietnam War proved so unpopular that the US Army no longer wanted conscripts, but volunteers, who have better motivation to serve. Most other Western countries followed the American example and gave up conscription. Some countries now have an all-volunteer army, and in Europe, universal conscription remains only in some countries like Finland, Russia and Turkey.

In Germany, conscription for the Bundeswehr was removed in July 2011 after a long discussion in the German Bundestag.

People who oppose conscription because of pacifism idea are called conscientious objectors. Some countries draft conscientious objectors but give them jobs in which they will not have to fight. 

Lalian

Lalian is a capital city of Lalian Tehsil in Punjab, Pakistan. It is on the Sargodha road from Chiniot.

Strangler fig

A strangler fig is one of a number of tropical and subtropical plant species. There are some banyans and unrelated vines, and many other species:


All these vines have a strangling habit which is very common in tropical forests. This is an adaptation for growing in dark forests where the competition for light is intense. Strangler figs suck up the nutrients from its victims, causing them to die eventually. 

One usually thinks that seeds start on or in the ground and grow upwards. Figs do it the other way round. Birds drop their seeds into the tops of trees, and the parasitic fig plant grows downwards, eventually round the whole tree. If not already at the top, they also grow upward to reach into the sunlight zone above the canopy.

List of common misconceptions

This is a list of popular wrong ideas and beliefs about notable topics. Each has been discussed in published literature.





























Limerick F.C.

Limerick Football Club was a football club based in Limerick, Ireland. The club currently play in the First Division of the League of Ireland. The first Limerick FC was created in 1937 and has had a number of names since its creation, known at different times as Limerick FC, Limerick United, and Limerick City. Under UEFA rules, the club could not get a licence to play in the First Division in 2007. A separate club, Limerick 37, was formed to replace Limerick FC in the league and competed under this name for two seasons. Limerick 37 has been renamed as Limerick FC. Although the current Limerick FC and Limerick 37 are a different club to the original Limerick FC, however there has only ever been one senior football club in Limerick City at one time since 1937.

Limerick FC won the League of Ireland title twice, in the 1959-60 and 1979-80 seasons, and the FAI Cup twice, in 1971 and 1982. They also won the League of Ireland Cup three times, 1976–77, 1992–93 and 2001-02. The club has competed in European competitions on six occasions, playing against bigger clubs such as Real Madrid and Southampton FC.

Limerick FC has used a number of stadiums around the city as their home ground over the years, including The Market's Field in Garryowen, Jackman Park on Carey's Road, Hogan Park in Rathbane, Thomond Park and Pike Rovers ground at Crossagalla. The Market's Field has always been considered to be the home of football in the city as the club enjoyed success at the venue and moving from there to Hogan Park heralded a serious decline in the club's fortunes. The club is currently using Jackman Park, which belongs to the Limerick District League (LDMC), for home games. It has a training base at Knocklisheen, on the north side of the city.

Limerick played in European competitions six times in its history. In 12 matches they scored 7 goals and while the club never won a European game, it drew twice. One of those draws was at The Dell against a Southampton team that included former European Footballer of the Year Kevin Keegan and Mick Channon. In the home fixture famous rugby international Tony Ward played well against a Yugoslav international defender Ivan Golac.
Limerick first competed in 1960 in the European Cup against Young Boys Berne, but suffered their heaviest aggregate defeat. Limerick moved their 1965 Cup Winners' Cup home leg to Dalymount Park - one of only two 'home' games played outside of Limerick. Interestingly, Pat Nolan is the only player ever to have scored for Limerick in Limerick in a European game.

The most famous European game was the 'home' match against Real Madrid in the European Cup in 1980. The match was played at Lansdowne Road where Dublin football fans stayed away en masse. Only 6,000 people watched the match. The final score 2-1 to Madrid. Des Kennedy scored twice in the tie, one at home and one away. English born Left winger Johnny Matthews had a 'goal' disallowed. Had it been given he would have completed a unique treble, as he had previously scored in European competition against Manchester United and Celtic while at Waterford United.


 



Dawn (spacecraft)

Dawn is an unmanned NASA space probe. It has orbited and studied the asteroid Vesta, and it is currently orbiting the dwarf planet Ceres. Both Vesta and Ceres are in the asteroid belt. Dawn is the first spacecraft to visit Ceres and the first to visit Vesta. It also is the first spacecraft to orbit two extraterrestrial bodies.

Dawn was launched on September 27, 2007 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard a Delta 7925-H rocket. It then travelled to Mars for a gravity assist, making its closest approach to Mars in February 2009. 
Next, Dawn set off for Vesta. It went into orbit in July, 2011. On September 5, 2012, Dawn left Vesta and headed for Ceres. It began to orbit Ceres on March 6, 2015.


2001–02 Asian Club Championship

The 2001-02 Asian Cup Championship was 21st and the last Asian Cup Championships. The AFC Champions League was created after this tournament. The champions were Suwon Samsung Bluewings, defeating Anyang LG Cheetahs 0[4] -0[2]. The tournament final was played in Azadi Stadium, Tehran.

Suwon Samsung Bluewings won their second title on this tournament.

2009–10 UEFA Champions League

The 2009–10 UEFA Champions League was the 55th UEFA Champions League. The champions were Internazionale with their third title. They defeated Bayern Munich 2-0. No third place game was played, but Lyon and FC Barcelona were defeated in the semifinals.

Phillips Exeter Academy

Phillips Exeter Academy (also called Exeter, Phillips Exeter, or PEA) is a high school for boys and girls in Exeter, New Hampshire. It is a boarding school, and 80% of the students live there. The school has 1.3 billion dollars, which is the most any school in New England has, and as much as many colleges do.

Phillips Exeter Academy is one of the oldest private boarding school in the United States, and was founded in 1781, during the American Revolution, by John Phillips, as a school for only boys. The school opened to girls also in 1970. The school is known for its special teaching method, the Harkness method, where students discuss concepts instead of being lectured. The school has many important buildings, like the Class of 45 Library and the Exeter Inn. It has an art museum, called the Lamont Gallery.

Its rival school, Phillips Academy, was founded three years before in Andover, Massachusetts by John Phillips' nephew, Samuel Phillips Jr. with the help of the older Phillips. Their football teams have played against each other almost every year since 1878. This makes their rivalry one of the oldest high school rivalries in the country.

Many politicians, writers, and other leaders have graduated from this school. An American president, Franklin Pierce, went there, as did the children of three other American presidents: Abraham Lincoln, Ulysses S. Grant, and Grover Cleveland. The inventor of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, also did. The school has three mottos: "Non Sibi", which means "Not For Oneself", "Finis Origine Pendet", which means "The End Depends On The Beginning", and "Χάριτι Θεοῦ", which means "By the Grace of God".

Emblem

An emblem is a pictorial image either abstract or representational. It represents a Armorial of sovereign states concept — for example, a moral truth, or an allegory — or a person, such as a king or saint. For example, the scallop shell is the traditional emblem of James, son of Zebedee. Pilgrims wore it on their hat or clothes to show that they were travelling to the shrine at Santiago de Compostela.



List of U.S. state shells

This is a list of official state shells for States of the USA that have chosen one as part of their state insignia.

These are seashells. They are the shells of various marine mollusks, gastropod and bivalves. They represent a maritime state.

Tasman Bay

Tasman Bay is a large bay at the north of New Zealand's South Island. It is in the shape of a "V". It is in the middle of the island's northern coast. It is 120 km long and 70 km wide. It is a part of the coast of the Tasman Sea, on the western side of the Cook Strait.
At the western side of the bay, the land around has dense vegetation. The separation point between the Tasman Bay and the next bay, Golden Bay, is in the west. It is a part of the Abel Tasman National Park. On the east side, the bay is bounded by valleys of the Marlborough Sounds. 

A few rivers enter the sea at this point. Some of them are Waimea River, Riwaka, the Motueka and Serpentine River. Tasman Bay contains the rare rock formation known as the Boulder Bank.

The land around the centre of the bay is cultivated. It is well known for its crops like apples, kiwifruit, olives, grapes and hops. Tasman bay produced Tobacco there in the middle of the twentieth century. Now there is a Tobacco museum in Motueka. This is also the most populated part of the South Island's north coast. Several towns and the city of Nelson are there. Other large towns are Motueka, Riwaka and Richmond.

Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society of New Zealand

The Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society of New Zealand Inc. (Forest & Bird) is an environmental organisation. It specialises in conservation of indigenous plant and animal life in and around New Zealand.

Fishing dredge

A fishing dredge, also known as a scallop dredge or an oyster dredge, is a kind of fishing net. It is pulled along the bottom of the sea by a fishing boat to collect scallops, oysters and other kind of clams, crabs, and sea cucumber. Fishermen then lift the dredge into the boat and empty it.

In Europe, dredges used to have "teeth" at the bottom, called tynes. These teeth raked or ploughed the sand and mud. This dug up buried clams. The New Bedford (USA) dredge does not have teeth.

Dredge nets have a gross mesh in order to let organisms smaller than the target organisms through. The net catches the larger organisms: in the case of scallop dredging that includes the scallops' predators, such as whelks, starfish and octopus.

Sometimes three or four dredges are attached to a wheeled stiff axle. A number of these dredges can be towed from a heavy spreading bar. Usually there is one on each side of the ship. The length of the bar and the number of dredges towed is dependent on the power of the ship and the room on the side of the boat for working the dredges. There could be 3 on each side on a small 10 metre boat. There could be up to 20 on each side for a 30-metre ship with 1500 hp. The weight and strength of this can dig up the ground. It overturns rocks and can crush animals and plants in its path.

Scallops often contain sand when fishermen use dredges. It can also damage the seabed if they use dredges carelessly. These days scallop dredging is sometimes replaced by scuba diving. However inventors are trying to invent a better dredge.



Way of St. James

The Way of St. James or St. James' Way (, , , ) is the pilgrimage route to the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela in Galicia in northwestern Spain. Tradition says that the remains of the apostle Saint James are buried there.


Oyster Burns

Thomas P. "Oyster" Burns (September 6, 1864– November 11, 1928) was an American baseball player. He played 11 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Wilmington Quicksteps, Baltimore Orioles, Brooklyn Bridegrooms, and New York Giants. Burns mostly played as an outfielder. He also played as a shortstop, second baseman, third baseman and pitcher. Over his career he compiled a batting average of .300 with 1,392 hits, 65 home runs, and 834 runs batted in (RBI) in 1,188 games played. Burns spent most of his career in the major leagues. He also played in minor league baseball. He first played in MLB at age 19. In his playing days, Burns was tall and weighed .

Burns was nicknamed "Oyster" because he sold oysters in the off-season. He was described as a "loudmouth" with "an irritating voice and personality". Burns led the Bridegrooms to an American Association championship in 1889 and a National League pennant in 1890. He retired from baseball in 1901. He died on November 11, 1928, in Brooklyn, New York.

Burns was born on September 6, 1864, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His parents, Patrick and Mary Burns, both came to the United States from Ireland.

In 1883, Burns began his professional baseball career. He played as a pitcher for a minor league team in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. In his first season, Burns had an earned run average (ERA) of 2.30, and pitched in 20 games. When he was not pitching, Burns played second and third base.
Burns began the 1884 season playing for the Wilmington Quicksteps. He left the team on August 21, 1884, after they joined the Union Association. On the same day, Burns joined the Baltimore Orioles. At the age of 18, he was the youngest player on the Orioles. Burns played in only 35 games that season but had six home runs. He hit more home runs than any other player on the team that season. In 1885, he batted .231 with five home runs and 37 RBIs. Burns pitched to a 7–4 win–loss record. His low batting average, however, led him to be demoted to the Newark Domestics for the 1886 season. Burns helped the Domestics win the Eastern League pennant. By 1887, he returned to playing in the majors for the Orioles. He became the Orioles' team captain. Burns lost the role when he threw a baseball at a pitcher on another team. He was later fined $25.

Over the 1887 season, Burns hit nine home runs. He had 19 triples, which was tied with five other players for the American Association lead. He played in 140 games, which also tied for the league's lead.

After playing in 79 games for Baltimore, Burns was moved to the Brooklyn Bridegrooms by Harry Von der Horst. Von der Horst owned both teams. While playing for the Bridegrooms, the "New York Clipper" described Burns as "the noisiest man that ever played on the Brooklyn team. His voice reminds one of a buzz-saw." Burns remained with the Bridegrooms for the 1889 season. He had team highs in batting average and home runs. That season the Bridegrooms became American Association champions. In the World Series, the Bridegrooms played the New York Giants. Burns hit a three-run home run to win the fourth game of the series. This gave Brooklyn a 3–1 series lead. However, the Giants won the World Series after winning five straight games.

In 1890, the Bridegrooms moved to the National League. Burns, then 26, led the league in home runs (13) and RBIs (128). He hit for the cycle on August 1, 1890. He was the first Bridegroom to do so. The Bridegrooms won the National League pennant. In the 1890 World Series, the team played against the Louisville Colonels. The series ended in a 3–3–1 tie because of bad weather. In 1892, the Bridegrooms changed their name to the Grooms. Burns's RBI total was third highest in the league. His hits, doubles, triples, and batting average were the second highest on the Brooklyn team. In 1893, between games of a doubleheader, a teammate of Burns, Tom Daly, was sleeping in center field. Burns stabbed Daly with a knife. Daly woke up and turned into the knife. This led to a severed tendon which kept Daly out for two weeks. Burns' 1894 batting average (.355) was the highest of his career. He continued to play for the club until 1895, when he left the Grooms to play for the New York Giants. In his final MLB year, Burns batted .258 over 53 games.

After the 1895 season, Burns' contract was bought by the minor league Newark Colts. The Colts won the Atlantic League division with a 82–61 record. The next season, Burns served as a player-coach for the Hartford Bluebirds. He lead the team in doubles and batting average. In his final year managing, Burns coached for a minor league team in Portland, Maine.

After retiring from baseball, Burns lived in Brooklyn. He died on November 11, 1928. He was buried in Holy Cross Cemetery in North Arlington, New Jersey.

Thomas Wolsey

Thomas Wolsey (born between 1471 and 1476 at Ipswich, Suffolk; died 29 November 1530) was an English statesman and archbishop. He was made a cardinal in 1515. Of humble origin, Thomas Wolsey became the principal figure in affairs of state for many years during the reign of King Henry VIII of England before falling into disgrace. 

Cardinal Wolsey chiefly developed his talents in managing the foreign policy of the kingdom on behalf of Henry VIII. In spite of the many enemies who envied his ambition, he was able to acquire the confidence of the king until the latter decided to have his marriage to Catherine of Aragon annulled in order to marry Anne Boleyn.



Pacifier

A pacifier (called a dummy or soother in some countries) is an object that a baby sucks to comfort them. Sucking is a natural instinct for babies and it soothes them.

It generally consists of a teat (which is the part designed to be sucked) made from either silicone (a type of plastic) or latex (a form of rubber). Silicone is becoming more popular as it is more durable and easier to keep clean. The teat is mounted on a plastic plate which can vary in shape from circular, oval or butterfly shape. It can come in a variety of different colors with different designs like cartoon characters to make it look more appealing to the baby. The main purpose of the plastic mouth guard is to stop the baby from accidentally swallowing the pacifier. If for some reason the child is able to swallow it, the mouth guard is made to be too large to pass through the throat and if it should get lodged in the throat it also has holes to allow air to pass through so the child can still breathe. Finally there is sometimes a ring attached to allow the parent to remove the pacifier.

There is some concern that the use of pacifiers can affect the child's teeth so many teats now are a special shape to allow the teeth to form properly, these are called orthodontic teats. Non-orthodontic teats are sometimes called cherry teats.

Wilmington Quicksteps

The Wilmington Quicksteps were a baseball team in the Union Association. They finished with a 2–16 record and were managed by Joe Simmons. The team played home games in Union Street Park in Wilmington, Delaware.

Games played

Games played (abbreviated as G or GP) is a statistic. It is used in team sports to show the total number of games in which a player has participated in.

In baseball, the statistic also applies to players who are included on a starting lineup card whether they play or not. 

Triple (baseball)

In baseball, a triple is when a batter reaches third base on a hit without an error occurring in the field. Chief Wilson hit the most triples, recording 36 in 1912.

Mohammad Ali Jauhar

Muhammed Ali (/mɔːˈlɑːnə mʊˈhɑːməd ɑːˈliː/; Arabic: محمد علي‎‎; 1874 – 13 October 1951) was an Indian writer and leading figure of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement for the Propagation of Islam.

Golden, Colorado

Golden, Colorado is a city in the US state of Colorado. It is the county seat of Jefferson County, Colorado. It was founded on June 16, 1859 during the Pike's Peak Gold Rush. Golden City was the capital of the Territory of Jefferson from 1860 to 1861, and the capital of Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1867. In 1867, the capital was moved to Denver City.

In 2020, there were 20,399 people living in Golden.

Sprawl trilogy

The "Sprawl" trilogy is William Gibson's first set of novels. The three books in the series are: "Neuromancer" (1984), "Count Zero" (1986), and "Mona Lisa Overdrive" (1988). It is also called the Neuromancer, Cyberspace, or Matrix trilogy. "The Sprawl" is a name for a very large city in the novels.

The stories all happen in the same fictional future. The books share characters and themes. Some of Gibson's short stories "Johnny Mnemonic," "New Rose Hotel," and "Burning Chrome" also happen in the Sprawl.

Emerald, Victoria

Emerald is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is 44km south-east of Melbourne. In 2006 there were 6,135 people living in Emerald. The large Cardinia Reservoir which supplies water to Melbourne is in Emerald.

Panzerschreck

A Panzerschreck (also known as a "Raketenpanzerbüchse", abbreviated to RPzB) is an infantry weapon made by Nazi Germany. They fired an 88 mm calibre anti-tank rocket. Unlike the Panzerfaust, they were reusuable.

Markus Persson

Markus Alexej Persson (born 1 June 1979), better known as Notch, is a Swedish game designer. He is famous for creating the video game "Minecraft". Persson started the company Mojang AB in 2009. On September 15, 2014, he announced that he would be leaving the company, and soon after he left.

Pyeongchang

Pyeongchang is a city in the Republic of Korea. They hosted the 2018 Winter Olympics and the 2018 Winter Paralympics. 

The town has many mountains, with a lot of snow in the winter. As of 2013, its population was about 44,000.


Cape Conran Coastal Park

Cape Conran Coastal Park is a coastal reserve near Marlo in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. It is 420 km east of Melbourne and 530 km south of Sydney. It covers an area of 11,700 hectares, and has 60 kilometres of coast line. Most of the area is covered in banksias and woodland which attracts many nectar feeding birds. Other birds seen in the area include the White-bellied Sea Eagles and Eastern Ground Parrots.
Whales and dolphins can sometimes be seen near the coast at certain times of the year.

Seoul National University

Seoul National University is a university in Seoul, South Korea.

A notable former student is Ban Ki-moon.

Margot Fonteyn

Dame Margaret Evelyn de Arias DBE ("née" Hookham; 18 May 191921 February 1991), known by the stage name Margot Fonteyn, was an English ballerina. She is widely regarded as one of the greatest classical ballet dancers of all time.

She spent her entire career as a dancer with the Royal Ballet, eventually being appointed "Prima Ballerina Assoluta" of the company by Queen Elizabeth II. This is an honour rarely given to a dancer. The highest rank in the Royal Ballet today is "Principal dancer". Fonteyn's appointment as a Dame commander of the British Empire is the female equivalent to a knighthood.

Fonteyn danced until 1979, when she was nearly 60. This is unusual for any dancer, male or female. Her career was expected to end round about 1960, but it was reborn by a new partnership with a Russian dancer who had escaped from the Soviet Union. He was Rudolph Nureyev, one of the three greatest male ballet dancers of the twentieth century. Though he was 19 years younger than her, the partnership flourished, and was called "the most famous partnership in ballet history".

She married a Panamanian politician in 1955. He survived an assassin's bullets ten years later. She continued dancing to raise money for his upkeep. The marriage was not happy; he had a mistress. However, the couple remained married until his death in 1989.

Several films were made of her performances.


Hampstead

Hampstead is a district of London, England, about north-west of Charing Cross. It is part of the London Borough of Camden. It is known for its intellectual, liberal, artistic, musical and literary associations and for the large and hilly parkland Hampstead Heath. Some of the most expensive housing in the London area, or indeed anywhere in the world is in Hampstead, with large houses selling for up to £50m (2008). The village of Hampstead has more millionaires within its boundaries than any other area of the United Kingdom.

Hampstead has long been known as a residence of writers, composers, ballerinas, intellectuals, actors, artists and architects, many of whom created a bohemian community in the late 19th century. After 1917, and again in the 1930s, it became base to a community of avant garde artists and writers and was host to a number of émigrés and exiles from the Russian Revolution and Nazi Europe.

Cosmic dust

Cosmic dust (also known as star dust and space dust) is a type of dust. It is very small crystals sent out from stars.

It is formed when a star, such as the Sun, sends out atoms. Some of the atoms become ions by gaining or losing electrons and becoming negatively and positively charged. These oppositely charged ions form an ionic bond, sticking together in tiny crystals, a few thousand nanometres across, to form cosmic dust.

Cosmic dust is found in various locations. Intergalactic dust is found between galaxies. Interstellar dust is found between stars. Dust clouds in these places are found by their blocking light from stars behind them, and by their own infrared radiation. Circumplanetary dust is found around planets and in planetary rings. Interplanetary dust can be found between planets, and is seen as gegenschein and zodiacal light. 

The coming together of large amounts of dust over time leads to the creation of planets, the Earth, for example.

Sautéing

Sautéing is a method of cooking food. It uses a small amount of fat in a shallow pan. The heat must be quite high. Ingredients are often cut into pieces or sliced thinly. It makes things cook faster. 
Food that is sautéed is browned, but it keeps the same texture, moisture and flavor. If meat, or fish is sautéed, the sauté is sometimes finished by using the pan's remains to make a sauce.

Sautéing is different from pan-frying. People sometimes confuse the two. In pan-frying larger pieces of food (for example, chops or steaks) are cooked quickly. Sautéing is also different from searing. Searing only browns the surface of the food. Olive oil or clarified butter are commonly used for sautéing. Most others fats will work too. Regular butter will produce more flavor. However it burns at a lower temperature and more quickly than other fats. This is because of the milk solids in it. Therefore clarified butter is better for sautéing.

Li Zehou

Li Zehou (13 June 1930 – 2 November 2021) was a Chinese scholar who lives in the United States. He was an important scholar of Chinese history and culture. He criticized the Chinese government's response to the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. Because of that, his books and articles were banned in China. He was invited to the United States to teach. He was granted permanent resident status. Li had an important role in Chinese culture. Professor Yu Ying-shih of Princeton University wrote that Li's books helped a whole generation of young Chinese students become free from communist ideas.

Li died on 2 November 2021, aged 91.




Cynthia DeFelice

Cynthia DeFelice (born in 1951 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American children's book writer. She has written 16 novels, and 12 picture books for young readers. Her novels are written for children at the reading level of ages nine to twelve.

She was born Cynthia Carter in 1951. Her father was a psychiatrist, and her mother was an English teacher, who stopped working to raise DeFelice and her siblings. She credits her mother for her interest in books. She began writing children's books in 1987. She lives in Geneva, New York.




Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day

Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day is a children's picture book written by Judith Viorst and illustrated by Ray Cruz. It was published in 1972 by Simon and Schuster. It is a humorous story about a boy named Alexander and how one day everything went wrong for him, so he started thinking of moving to Australia. But at the end, he realized that other people have bad days too, even in Australia. In 2011 Century Fox confirmed to make a live-action film based on the book but was later picked by The Walt Disney Company. In 2014, Disney released a film adaption, of the same name loosely based on the book.

Pippi Longstocking (book)

Pippi Longstocking () is a novel by Astrid Lindgren. It was originally published in Sweden on 26 November 1945. It is the first in a series of books about Pippi Longstocking. Pippi is a girl who lives alone in a house with her pets, a monkey named Mr. Nilsson and a horse that she keeps on the porch. She befriends Tommy and his sister Annika, who live next door to her.

As of 2009, the book has been translated into 64 languages.

Astrid Lindgren first thought of Pippi Longstocking in 1941. Her 9-year-old daughter Karin was sick and had to be kept in bed. She asked her mother to tell her a story, so Lindgren made up a character named Pippi Longstocking and some stories about her to entertain her daughter. In 1944, she wrote them down and sent the manuscript of the book to Bonnier Publishers. They said that they did not want to publish the book. When the publishing company Rabén and Sjögren announced a children's book contest on January 28 of the next year, she sent a new version of the book to the company. It won first prize and was published in 1945. Afterwards, Rabén and Sjögren would also publish the sequels, "Pippi Goes on Board" (1946) and "Pippi in the South Seas" (1948). Since then, the series has been translated into many other languages. It has also been adapted into a television series and two movies.

Pippi is a girl who is 9 years old. She lives alone in Villa Villekulla, an old house in a garden way out at the end of a small town (the name of the town is not given). She lives there all alone because her father, a sea captain called Captain Efraim Longstocking, disappeared when he was washed overboard in a storm and her mother died when she was very young. Pippi believes that her mother is now an angel in Heaven, watching her through a peephole and her father, instead of drowning after being washed overboard, had actually floated to an island filled with cannibals and become a cannibal king.

Luckily for her, her father had bought Villa Villekulla many years ago so that when he would grow old he would move into the house with his daughter. So Pippi decides to move into the house with the two things she had taken from her father's ship: her pet monkey named Mr. Nilsson (a present from her father) and a suitcase filled with gold coins. After moving into the house, she also buys a horse, which she keeps on the porch. She likes living alone because nobody orders her to go to bed and no one forces her to take cod liver oil, when she likes candy more.

Beside the house, there is another house in which there live two well-behaved siblings named Annika and Tommy. They first meet Pippi when she is out on the road in the morning, walking backwards. They ask her about this and she answers that a person can walk any way she wants to in a free country. She continues to tell them that in Egypt, all the people walk backwards and nobody thinks it is strange. After they ask her whether she actually has been to Egypt, she answers that she has and that in Farthest India, the people have an even stranger way of walking: they walk on their hands. At this, they accuse her of lying and then she admits that she was lying and that in the Congo nobody speaks the truth.

Afterwards, she invites them over to her house, where they eat pancakes and Pippi tells them about Brazilians, who always have eggs in their hair. Then she shows them some of the things which she and her father brought home from their journeys around the world. From these, Pippi gives them some gifts: Tommy gets a small knife with a handle of pearl and Annika gets a ring with a green stone. Annika and Tommy then go back to their home.

Ringstraße

The Ringstraße (also known as "Ring") is a street in Austria's capital Vienna. It goes around the first district in almost the shape of a circle. The street is 5.2 km long and is divided into nine sections. It is one of the main sights in Vienna.

On December 20th, 1857, emperor Franz Joseph I. ordered to destroy the old city walls and to build a street which should show the glory of the Habsburg Empire. The old walls were a traffic block because in 1850, the suburbs became part of the city as districts II. till IX. The order of the emperor outlined the exact size of the boulevard, as well as the geographical positions and functions of the new buildings. The only building which was erected by the city was the Town Hall.

During the following years, a large number of important public and private buildings were erected. Nobility and bourgeoisie began to build mansions along the street. Most of them were built in the Ringstraßenstyle, which mainly quotes older styles.

The Ringstraße has several sections. It surrounds the central area of Vienna on all sides, except for the northeast, where its place is taken by the "Franz-Josephs-Kai", the street going along the "Donaukanal" (a branch of the Danube). Starting from the "Ringturm" at the northern end of the Franz-Josephs-Kai, the sections are:


Otto Wagner

Otto Koloman Wagner (13 July 1841 – 11 April 1918) was an Austrian architect and urban planner. He influenced the development of his hometown Vienna at the turn from the 19th to the 20th century. He also was the architect of important landmarks.

Otto Wagner was born in the Penzing district of Vienna. He studied in Berlin and Vienna. After work as brick layer he started as architect. His first buildings were in the historism style. In the late 1880s he became a proponent of the realism style. In 1890 he designed a city plan for Vienna but only the railway netwerk Wiener Stadtbahn was built. In 1894 he became Professor of Architecture at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna.In 1896 he published a textbook entitled Modern Architecture in which he wrote down his ideas about the role of the architect, it based on his first lecture in the Academy. He called for an architecture based on modern materials and modern construction methods. In 1897, he joined Gustav Klimt, Joseph Maria Olbrich, Josef Hoffmann and Koloman Moser shortly after they founded the "Vienna Secession" artistic group. He died in 1918 in Vienna.

Digitized books from the architecture collection of AMS Historica, the digital library of the University of Bologna. 

Ninette de Valois

Dame Ninette de Valois OM CH DBE FRAD FISTD (6 June 1898 – 8 March 2001) was an Irish-born British dancer, teacher, choreographer and director of classical ballet.

Most notably, she danced professionally with Serge Diaghilev's Ballets Russes, reaching the rank of soloist. After Diaghilev's death she established what became The Royal Ballet. This became one of the foremost ballet companies of the 20th century and one of the leading ballet companies in the world today. She also established the Birmingham Royal Ballet and the Royal Ballet School. She is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures in the history of ballet and as the 'godmother' of English ballet.

Before de Valois there had been no permanent ballet company in London, though there were a few quality dance schools which offered shows from time to time. The company which became the Royal Ballet started as the Vic-Wells Ballet, founded by de Valois in 1931. It had Anton Dolin as its Guest dancer. In 1933 the company was joined by Alicia Markova, who was appointed "prima ballerina". At this point de Valois retired as a stage performer, and continued as Director. Her reputation was now made as an organiser and teacher. She was also a choreographer, with a number of ballets to her credit. Her ballet "Checkmate" is still danced today.

'Madame', as she was called by everyone, attracted great talents to the company. She engaged Frederick Ashton as Principal Choreographer and Constant Lambert as Musical Director, in 1935. Tamara Karsavina was a dance advisor. Eventually the company included many of the most famous ballet dancers in the world, including Margot Fonteyn, Svetlana Beriosova, and, most sensationally, Rudolf Nureyev.

As a manager, she had a fearsome reputation. She would stand for no misbehaviour, or for anything which stood in the way of the dance. One younger dancer said:

The Vic-Wells was given a Royal Charter in 1956, and became the Royal Ballet. Madame was its first Director. She retired from the Royal Ballet in 1963, but was a big influence for years. She was appointed a Companion of Honour, and awarded the Order of Merit. Madame died at the age of 102 in 2001.

A Wrinkle in Time

A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction and fantasy novel by Madeleine L'Engle. It was first published in 1962. The book won the 1963 Newbery Medal and the 1965 Sequoyah Book Award. It also won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1964.

A live-action movie by Disney based on the book will be released in 2018.

"A Wrinkle in Time" is the story of Meg Murry, a high-school-aged girl who is transported on an adventure through time and space with her younger brother Charles Wallace and her friend Calvin O'Keefe to rescue her father, a gifted scientist, from the evil forces that hold him prisoner on another planet. At the beginning of the book, Meg is a homely, awkward, but loving girl, troubled by personal insecurities and her concern for her father, who has been missing for over a year. The plot begins with the arrival of Mrs. Whatsit at the Murry house on a dark and stormy evening. Although she looks like an eccentric tramp, she is actually a celestial creature with the ability to read Meg's thoughts. she loves me so much the way, they meet Calvin O'Keefe, a popular boy in Meg's school whom Charles considers a kindred spirit. The three children learn from Mrs. Whatsit and her friends Mrs. Who and Mrs. Which that the universe is threatened by a great evil called the Dark Thing and taking the form of a giant cloud, engulfing the stars around it. Several planets have already succumbed to this evil force, including Camazotz, the planet on which Mr. Murry is imprisoned.

The three Mrs. W's transport the children to Camazotz and instruct them to remain always in each other's company while on their quest for Mr. Murry. On Camazotz, all objects and places appear exactly alike because the whole planet must conform to the terrifying rhythmic pulsation of IT, a giant disembodied brain. Charles Wallace tries to fight IT with his exceptional intelligence but is overpowered by the evil and becomes a robot-like creature mouthing the words with which IT infuses him. Under the control of IT, Charles leads Meg and Calvin to Mr. Murry and together they confront IT. However, they, too, are unable to withstand IT's power; they escape only at the last minute, when Mr. Murry appears and seizes Meg and Calvin, "tessering" away with them (traveling via another tesseract) to a gray planet called Ixchel inhabited by tall, furry beasts who care for the travelers. Charles Wallace remains possessed by IT, a prisoner of Camazotz.

On Planet Ixchel the three Mrs. W's appear once again, and Meg realizes that she must travel alone back to Camazotz to rescue her brother. Mrs. Which tells her that she has one thing that IT does not have, and this will be her weapon against the evil. However, Meg must discover this weapon for herself. When standing in the presence of IT, Meg realizes what this is: her ability to love. Thus, by concentrating on her love for Charles Wallace, she is able to restore him to his true identity. Meg releases Charles from IT's clutches and tessers with him through time and space, landing in her twin brothers' vegetable garden on Earth, where her father and Calvin stand waiting. The family joyously reunites, and the Mrs. W's visit the happy scene en route to further travels.

Meg Murry -  The book's heroine and protagonist, a homely, awkward, but loving high school student who is sent on an adventure through time and space with her brother and her friend Calvin to rescue her father from the evil force that is attempting to take over the universe. Meg's greatest faults are her anger, impatience, and lack of self-confidence, but she channels and overcomes them, ultimately emerging victorious.

Charles Wallace Murry  -  Meg's extraordinarily intelligent five-year-old younger brother who is capable of reading minds and understanding other creatures in a way that none of the other Murry children can.

Calvin O'Keefe -  A popular boy and talented athlete in Meg's high school who accompanies the Murry children on their adventure. Calvin comes from a large family that does not really care about him, but he nonetheless demonstrates a strong capacity for love and affection, and shows a burgeoning romantic interest in Meg.

IT -  The disembodied brain that controls all the inhabitants of Camazotz with its revolting, pulsing rhythm. IT, identified with the Black Thing, is the embodiment of evil on this planet.

The Black Thing  -  A cold and dark shadow that symbolizes the evil forces that Meg, Calvin, and Charles Wallace must fight against in order to rescue their father.

Mrs. Whatsit -  The youngest of the three celestial beings who accompany the children on their adventure. Meg initially comes to know Mrs. Whatsit as the tramp who stole bed-sheets from their neighbors and then sought shelter from a storm in the Murrys' warm kitchen. She later learns that Mrs. Whatsit gave up her existence as a star in order to fight the Dark Thing.

Mrs. Which -  The oldest of the three celestial beings who accompany the children on their adventure. Mrs. Which has difficulty materializing and is usually just a shimmering gleam. Her unconventional speech is usually rendered in capitalized words, with the first consonants repeated several times.

Mrs. Who -  The second of the three celestial beings who accompany the children on their adventure. She usually speaks in quotations from famous thinkers and writers because she finds it too difficult to craft her own sentences. When the children first meet Mrs. Who, she is sewing sheets in the haunted house in their neighborhood.

Mr. Murry  -  Meg's father and a physicist who works for a top-secret government agency on experiments with travel through space-time in the fifth dimension. In trying to tesser to Mars (i.e., travel through a tesseract, or wrinkle in time), he is captured and imprisoned on the dark planet of Camazotz. When the plot begins, no one on Earth has heard from him for over a year.

Aunt Beast -  This tall, furry, many-tentacled inhabitant of the planet Ixchel cares lovingly for Meg after she is nearly destroyed by the Black Thing. Aunt Beast, like all the creatures on Ixchel, lacks eyes and has no concept of light or vision.

Happy Medium -  A jolly, clairvoyant woman in a silk turban and satin gown who shows the children a vision of Earth through her crystal ball. The Medium is reluctant to show them anything unpleasant, but the Mrs. W's insist that they see what they are up against.

Man with the Red Eyes  -  A robot-like inhabitant of Camazotz who tries to hypnotize Meg, Charles Wallace, and Calvin in the CENTRAL Central Intelligence building. The Man, like all of Camazotz, is totally controlled by the power of IT.

Mrs. Murry  -  Meg's mother and an experimental biologist who works out of a lab in the Murry home. She is at once a brilliant scientist and a loving mother who cooks meals for her family on her Bunsen burner. She also writes loving letters to her absent husband every night.

Mr. Jenkins -  Meg's cold and unfeeling high-school principal who calls her "belligerent and uncooperative" and implies that her family is in denial about Mr. Murry's true whereabouts.

Mrs. Buncombe -  The wife of the constable in Meg's hometown, who has twelve bed-sheets stolen from her at the beginning of the novel.

Sandy and Dennys Murry  -  Meg's athletic and socially successful ten-year-old twin brothers who encourage her to let them fight off the bullies who make fun of Charles Wallace. The twins do not accompany Meg and Charles Wallace on their interplanetary adventure.


Calibre

A calibre (or caliber in American English) is the diameter of the barrel of a gun. For example, a rifle with a diameter of 0.22 inch is a .22 cal. Guns that have a particular calibre are designed to fit and use bullets of the same calibre.

Callibre is measured in inches, not millimetres. Common callibres include:

Sandro Rosell

Alexandre Rosell i Feli or Sandro Rosell (born March 6, 1964 in Barcelona) is the current chairman of FC Barcelona. He was the vice-president from 2003 to 2005.

Bitterness

Bitter, one of the five basic tastes.

Common bitter foods and beverages are coffee, pure chocolate, beer, citrus peel and escarole. Quinine is also known for its bitter taste and is found in tonic water.


Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9

Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was a comet. It broke apart and crashed into Jupiter, in July 1994. The event was special because people could see, for the first time, how objects in the Solar System, outside Earth, collided. It caused a large amount of coverage in the media. The comet was carefully watched by astronomers worldwide. The crash gave new information about Jupiter. It also showed up its role in reducing space debris in the inner Solar System. The name came out of the discovers' last names.

The comet was discovered by astronomers Carolyn and Eugene M. Shoemaker and David Levy on March 24, 1993. It was found in a picture taken by the Schmidt telescope at the Palomar Observatory, in California. When it was discovered, it was orbiting Jupiter. It was the first comet seen to be orbiting a planet. Scientists think that it had been orbiting the planet for 20 - 30 years before its discovery. 

Calculations showed that its unusual broken up form was due to a previous closer approach to Jupiter in July 1992. At that time, the orbit of Shoemaker-Levy 9 passed within Jupiter's Roche limit. Jupiter's tidal forces had acted to pull the comet apart. The comet was later observed as a series of pieces up to in diameter. These fragments collided with Jupiter's southern hemisphere between July 16 and July 22, 1994. The pieces were moving at a speed of approximately 60 km/s. The impact scars were more easily seen than the Great Red Spot and they stayed for many months.

International League

The International League (IL) is a Minor League Baseball league based in the Eastern United States. Like the Pacific Coast League, the International League plays at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball (MLB).

The league started in 1884. It had different names until it became known as the International League in 1912. The league was called that because it had teams in the United States, Canada, and Cuba. However, all the league's 20 teams are now located in the United States. After MLB took control of Minor League Baseball in 2021, it was called the Triple-A East for one season before going back to the IL name in 2022.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Cigerxwîn

Cigerxwîn or Cegerxwîn (born Sheikhmous Hasan; 1903 – October 22, 1984) was a Kurdish polymath, and nationalist.

Division by two

In mathematics, division by two is when a number is divided by two. Some cultures, like the ancient Egyptians, thought this was a different operation than division. Some mathematicians up until the 16th century (1500-1599) thought this too. Today division by two is handled specially in modern computer programming.

Division by two is also called halving, mediation, and dimidiation.

In a binary number system, there are only two digits: 0 and 1. All other numbers are represented with those two digits. For example, "one" is 1, "two" is 10, "three" is 11, "four" is 100, and so on. Most of the time people use a number system with ten digits (the numbers 0 through 9.) This is called the decimal number system.

Division by two in binary is very easy. It is done by dropping the last digit on the right of the number. This is called a "bit shift operation." For example, if we performed a bit shift operation on the binary number 100, we'd get 10. Since binary 100 is decimal 4, and binary 10 is decimal 2, this makes sense.

Another example is performing a bit shift operation on 1101. This would leave us with 110, but we dropped a 1 from the end, not a zero. This also makes sense because 1101 in binary is 13 in decimal. If we divide 13 by 2, we get 6 with a remainder of 1 (we have 1 left over.)

Computers use the binary number system to store information. Information is broken up into tiny pieces called "bits". Each bit is either a 0 or a 1. Because of this, the fastest and easiest way for a computer to do division is by a bit shift operations -- division by two. Replacing regular division with bit shifts is a way to do program optimization. (Program optimization is trying to make a program faster and more efficient.)

In computer programming, the symbol codice_1 is sometimes used to show a bit shift operation. In Java, we can ask the computer to do the problem formula_1 by writing codice_2. This is the same as writing codice_3. Both of these versions will give us the answer codice_4. There is a problem when trying to do something a problem like formula_2. In Java, if we write codice_5, the computer will tell us the answer is codice_6. But if we try to do codice_7, the computer will say the answer is codice_8. This will happen every time we try to do a bit shift operation with one negative number. The reason for this is complicated, and has to do with the way negative binary numbers are saved by the computer.

Even though it is fastest for computers to do division using bit shift operations, most computer code does not do it this way. This is because programmers want their programs to be "portable" and "readable". Portable means that a program can be run on many different kinds of computers and operating systems. Readable means that the source code is easy to read and understand. Most of the time, the compiler (a program that changes source code into 0's and 1's that the computer can understand) will change the division into bit shifts automatically.

List of ice hockey leagues

This is a list of ice hockey leagues, both professional and amateur, from around the world.













"(*) Quebec Junior "AA" is roughly equal to Ontario Junior "B""


"(*) Quebec Junior "A" is roughly equal to Ontario Junior "C""

"(*) Quebec Junior "B" is roughly equal to Ontario Junior "D""



"Note: The Northeast-10 sponsors a championship for its members that play ice hockey, but the NCAA doesn't currently sponsor a national championship at the Division II level."

"Note: there are also many independent teams in all three ACHA divisions in addition to the many within the hockey conferences and leagues."









Leagues for disabled hockey players









Defunct
Japan Ice Hockey League











(Leagues involve teams from both Europe and Asia) 


















Defunct


































Riksserien (Highest league, 8 teams.)






Defunct Leagues

English Ice Hockey Association Women's Leagues




Mahmud Bayazidi

Mahmud Bayazidi ("Kurdish: Mehmûdê Bazîdî"), 1797–1859, was a Kurdish philosopher and polymath from Bayazid in the Ottoman Empire. Bayazid is now Doğubeyazıt in Ağrı Province, Turkey.

John Goodman

John Stephen Goodman (born June 20, 1952) is an American actor. He was best known for being on "Roseanne", for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993.

He married Annabeth Herzog in 1989. They have a daughter, Molly Evangeline Goodman.

Imprinting (ethology)

Imprinting is a term used in ethology and psychology to describe a special type of automatic learning.

It usually occurs early in life, "during a critical period". That is why the textbooks call it "phase-sensitive learning". It is learning which happens at a particular age or a particular life stage. The animal fixes on a particular signal (sound or sight), which is said to be 'imprinted' onto the subject. The process of imprinting is caused by an inherited instinct.

The best-known form of imprinting is the imprinting of the newly-hatched (or born) on one or both parent. Its function is to keep the young near their parent(s) during the early learning period. It is most obvious in birds, such as ducks and geese, after the fledglings have left the nest. They imprint on their parents and then follow them around, often in a long line, on land and on water.

It was first reported in domestic chickens, by the 19th-century amateur biologist Douglas Spalding. It was rediscovered by the early ethologist Oskar Heinroth, and studied extensively and popularised by his disciple Konrad Lorenz, and by Niko Tinbergen.

Lorenz showed how incubator-hatched geese would imprint on the first suitable moving stimulus they saw within what a 'critical period' of 13–16 hours after hatching. For example, the goslings would imprint on Lorenz himself (to be more specific, on his wading boots). He is often shown in photographs being followed by a gaggle of geese who had imprinted on him.

In child development, imprinting is how a baby learns who its mother and father are. The process begins in the womb, when the unborn baby starts to recognise its parents' voices.

The filial imprinting of birds was a primary technique used to create the movie "Winged Migration (Le Peuple Migrateur)", which contains footage of migratory birds in flight. The birds imprinted on handlers, who wore yellow jackets and honked horns constantly. The birds were then trained to fly along with a variety of aircraft, usually ultralights.

De Dion-Bouton

De Dion-Bouton is a French motor car company that began making cars in 1882. The company was started by Count Albert De Dion, Georges Bouton and Charles Trepardoux. Their first cars were steam powered and they made their first petrol internal combustion engine car in 1895.

A four-wheeled De Dion-Bouton et Trepardoux "La Marquise", a steam-powered car, said to be the oldest car in the world that still going, sold in 2007. The car had belonged to Count Albert De Dion. Built in 1884, it has a top speed of 35 miles per hour.

Vienna Secession

The Vienna Secession (also known as the "Union of Austrian Artists", or "Vereinigung Bildender Künstler Österreichs") was formed in 1897 by a group of Austrian artists who left the Association of Austrian Artists, housed in the Vienna Künstlerhaus due to its conservatism. This movement included painters, sculptors, and architects. The first president of the Secession was Gustav Klimt, and Rudolf von Alt was made honorary president.

It was founded on 3 April 1897 by artists Gustav Klimt, Koloman Moser, Josef Hoffmann, Joseph Maria Olbrich, Max Kurzweil, and others. Although the architect Otto Wagner is one of the most important members, he was not a founding member. The first exhibition was held in 1898. In 1898, the group's exhibition house was built near Karlsplatz. It was designed by Joseph Maria Olbrich, the exhibition building soon became known simply as "the Secession" (die Sezession). Their work was also published in a magazin called "Ver sacrum".

1903 Josef Hoffmann and Koloman Moser founded the Wiener Werkstätten, a union of artists who wanted to reform the applied arts (arts and crafts). 1905 Klimt and other artists left the group due to different opinions about art.



Ken Olsen

Kenneth Harry Olsen (February 20, 1926 — February 6, 2011) was an American engineer and entrepreneur. He started Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) in 1957 with Harlan Anderson.

Olsen was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He grew up in nearby Stratford, Connecticut. His father's parents came from Norway and his mother's parents came from Sweden. Olsen began his career working summers in a machine shop. Olsen fixed radios in his basement as a child.

He served in the United States Navy between 1944 and 1946. Then Olsen studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He earned a Bachelor of Science in 1950 and a Master of Science degree in 1952. Both degrees were in electrical engineering.

While he was studying at MIT, the Office of Naval Research of the United States Department of the Navy asked Olsen to help build a computerized flight simulator. Also while at MIT, Olsen directed a project to make the first transistorized research computer. Olsen also worked as an engineer at MIT Lincoln Laboratory on the TX-2 project.

In 1957, Ken Olsen and Harlan Anderson, decided to start their own company. Harlan was also at MIT. They asked American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) for money. ARDC was an early venture capital company started by Georges Doriot. In the 1960s, Olsen received patents for a saturable switch, a diode transformer gate circuit, an improved version of magnetic core memory, and the line printer buffer. Their company's headquarters was in an old wool mill in Maynard, Massachusetts. In 1992, the company had their best sales of $14,000,000,000. DEC was sold to Compaq for $9,600,000,000 in 1999. It later became a part of Hewlett-Packard.

Ken Olsen was known throughout his career for his fatherly management style and for supporting new ideas in engineering. He thought new ideas and technical excellence were very important. He used engineering matrix management. This management approach is used throughout many industries today.

He was awarded the Vermilye Medal in 1980.

In 1986, "Fortune Magazine" named Olsen "America's most successful entrepreneur", and the same year he received the IEEE Engineering Leadership Recognition Award.

In 1987 he gave the first of his "snake oil speeches". Some people thought he was talking about the "Unix Conspiracy". Olsen believed VMS was a better operating system for DEC customers than UNIX. He said why VMS was good. Yet, he did approve and encourage a plan inside DEC to make a UNIX for VAX computers based on BSD. This version of UNIX was called Ultrix. However, Ultrix never got good support from within DEC.

Olsen retired from DEC in 1992. He then became the chairman of Advanced Modular Solutions. Olsen was also a major contributor to The Family, a religious and political organization. Olsen also was a trustee of Gordon College in Wenham, Massachusetts. The college named a science center after him.

Olsen died while in hospice care in Indianapolis, Indiana on February 6, 2011, aged 84. The cause of death was not announced. His family also did not speak publicly about how he died.

Two things Olsen said are often repeated but without information to help people understand what he really meant.



Debbie Wasserman Schultz

Debbie Wasserman Schultz (born September 27, 1966) is the U.S. Representative for since 2005. She was the Chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, the leader the Democratic Party from 2011 until she resigned in 2016. From 1993 to 2004, she served in the Florida House of Representatives and the Florida Senate.

Her district covers parts of Broward and Miami-Dade counties. Her district includes the cities of Fort Lauderdale and Miami Beach.

She was born Deborah Wasserman in Forest Hills, Queens, New York City. She grew up on Long Island. She received a Bachelor of Arts in 1988 and a Master of Arts with certificate in political campaigning in 1990, both in Political Science, from the University of Florida, in Gainesville.

At the University of Florida, Schultz was in student government. She was President of the Student Senate as well as founder and President of the Rawlings Area Council Government. She was also a member of the Omicron Delta Kappa honor society, the James C. Grimm chapter of the National Residence Hall Honorary, and the union Graduate Assistants United. She served as President of the Graduate Student Council. She said that student politics developed her "love for politics and the political process."

In 1988 Schultz became an aide to Peter Deutsch at the beginning of his state legislative career. In 1992, Deutsch won election to the United States House of Representatives, which made his Florida post vancant. Schultz recalled getting a call from Deutsch at the time: "It was really amazing. He called me at home one day in the middle of the legislative session and he said, 'You could run in my race, your house is in my district.'" She had lived in the district for only three years. Schultz then won 53 percent of the vote in a six-way Democratic primary and avoided a runoff. She went on to win the general election and succeeded Deutsch in Florida's House of Representatives. At the age of 26, she became the youngest female legislator in Florida's history.

She served in the Florida State House of Representatives for eight years. State term limits required Schultz to leave the House. In addition to her work as a state legislator, she became an adjunct instructor of political science at Broward Community College. She also worked as a public policy curriculum specialist at Nova Southeastern University. She was elected to the Florida State Senate in 2000. She was considered one of the most liberal members of Florida's state legislature. She supported legislation requiring gender price parity for dry cleaning. She supported bills to require that an equal number of men and women were appointed to state boards. She pushed through several bills including the Florida Residential Swimming Pool Safety Act and one creating a Children's Services Council for Broward County. The Save The Manatee Club gave Schultz an award for her work in the state senate to protect manatees.
She serves on the following committees:

She is Chief Deputy Whip for the House Democrats. Schultz is a member of the New Democrat Coalition.

Schultz was appointed to the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee in her first term in Congress. During the 2006 elections, she raised over seventeen million dollars in campaign contributions for her Democratic colleagues. The only two congressmen to raise more money that year were Nancy Pelosi and Rahm Emanuel. Democrats in the House of Representatives chose her to be Chief Deputy Whip. They appointed her to the Appropriations Committee. (This was a very good job for a congresswoman with only two years of experience.)

She is a member of Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's "30 Something" Working Group, which consists of congressional Democrats under age 40. The group concentrates on issues affecting young people, including Social Security. She also has joined the bipartisan Congressional Cuba Democracy Caucus. According to the "Congress.org" 2008 Power Rankings, she was the 24th most powerful member of the House and 22nd most powerful Democratic representative (also most powerful Florida representative).

In April 2011, Tim Kaine resigned as Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairman in order to run for the United States Senate. On April 5, 2011, President Barack Obama chose Schultz to succeed Kaine as the 52nd Chairman of the DNC. Between Kaine's resignation and the next DNC meeting, current DNC Vice-Chair Donna Brazile served as the interim Chair of the Democratic National Committee. On May 4, 2011, the DNC met and elected Schultz as its chair. Schultz became the third female DNC chief in history and the first in over 15 years.

On July 24, 2016, it was announced that she would resign her position as chairperson of the Democratic National Committee following the 2016 Democratic National Convention. Leaked emails provided by WikiLeaks showed Schultz and other members of the DNC staff mocking and attempting to sabotage the presidential campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders in favor of Clinton's campaign.

The Clinton campaign announced the same day that Wasserman Schultz would act as honorary chair of an effort to elect Democrats across the United States in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election.

Schultz currently lives in Weston outside Fort Lauderdale. She has three children and is married to Steve Schultz. She is an active member of the National Jewish Democratic Council, Planned Parenthood and Hadassah.

In March 2009, she said that she went through seven surgeries related to breast cancer in 2008, while remaining a member of the House. That year, she promoted efforts for early screening for breast cancer.



Curtin University

Curtin University (formerly known as Curtin University of Technology) is the largest university in Australia. Its main campus is in Bentley, Western Australia.

Curtin University was first called the Western Australian Institute of Technology (WAIT), which opened in 1966. But the name was changed to the Curtin University of Technology. In 2010, 'of Technology' was dropped and it is now known just as Curtin University.

In 2005, both Curtin and Murdoch University considered merging together, but this was later cancelled.

Curtin is split into four "faculties", the Centre for Aboriginal studies, Curtin Business school, Humanities, and Science and Engineering.

Curtin has its own bus port, which has many routes run through it, including services from Canning Bridge railway station.

Melissa Cristina Márquez

Midnight

Midnight is the opposite of solar noon, which is when the Sun is highest in the sky. The time period "00:00 - 00:01" is midnight. On computer clocks, the day changes to the next day the minute(s) after midnight.

In the world, midnight is the start of one day and the end of the last day. It is the dividing point between two days. In the United States and Canada, digital clocks and computers usually show 12 a.m. right at midnight. However, people have to remember that any time is actually an instant. The "a.m." shown on clock displays means the 12-hour period after the instant of midnight. So when a clock says "12:00 a.m.", midnight has already passed and a new day has started. In other words, 11:59 p.m. shows until midnight; at the instant of midnight, it changes to 12:00. At the same time, the p.m. changes to a.m., but a.m. does not mean the instant of midnight which separates p.m. and a.m.

Midnight is also the time where you get to watch fireworks. Typically, this only happens when it is a new year, like 2023. Fireworks were originally invented in China. China remains the largest manufacturer and exporter of fireworks in the world.

Rottnest Island

Rottnest Island (also known as Rotto or just Rottnest) is 18 kilometres from the mainland of Western Australia. It is called Wadjemup by the Noongar tribe, which means "land across the water". Rottnest is a popular tourist attaction.

Aboriginal people originally occupied Rottnest around 30,000 years ago. The island was originally connected to the mainland, but it eventually became separated with the Indian Ocean, and so it became an island. As Aboriginal people did not have boats, the island had no one living on it until the Europeans arrived. Dutch sailor Willem de Vlamingh named the island "Rattenest", meaning "Rat's nest". The 'rats' he was referring to was actually a Quokka, a native animal on the island. 

After the Swan River Colony was established in 1830, Robert Thomson settled on the island with his family. He made a living selling salt, which is naturally found on the island. Before refrigeration, salt was very important, as it kept food fresh.

The island became a prison for Aboriginals, during the periods of 1838-1849 and 1855-1931. Around 3,700 Aboriginal men and boys were imprisoned for crimes such as spearing livestock, burning the bush and digging vegetables.

Rottnest Island was also used during World War I and II. 

Rottnest is home to the Quokka, and is one of the few places in the world where they live.

Rottnest Island is now a very popular tourist destination, due to its beaches, wildlife and natural environment. Nearly 500,000 people visit the island each year, mostly by ferry but others by aircraft (Rottnest has its own airport). The island is looked after by the Rottnest Island Authority (RIA). A fee is charged when people enter the island, which goes to help maintain it.
Motor vehicles are prohibited on the island, except for use by the RIA, Police or other emergency services. Additionally, only certain individuals are allowed to permanently live on the island. 


Southern Professional Hockey League

The Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL) is a low-level professional ice hockey league based in Charlotte, North Carolina, with teams located in the southeastern United States.

Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey

The Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey(North American Hockey League) (LNAH) was founded in 2004 and is a low-level professional league based in the Canadian province of Quebec.

Federal Hockey League

The Federal Hockey League (FHL) is a professional ice hockey league with teams in the Northeastern United States and Ontario.

International Ice Hockey Federation

The International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) ("French": "Ligue Internationale de Hockey sur Glace") is the worldwide governing body for ice hockey and in-line hockey. It is based in Zurich, Switzerland, and has 70 members. It is responsible for the management of international ice hockey tournaments, and maintains the IIHF World Ranking.

Despite its worldwide authority, the IIHF has little control of hockey in North America, where the National Hockey League (NHL) is the highest hockey organization. Its base of power rests in Europe with the respective national governing bodies and leagues. Canada (Hockey Canada) and the United States (USA Hockey) are the only members who have their own rulebooks.

Decisions of the IIHF can be appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Lausanne, Switzerland.

The IIHF museum was located within the International Hockey Hall of Fame Museum located in Kingston, Ontario from 1992 to 1997. After terminating the partnership with the International Hockey Hall of Fame, the IIHF signed an agreement with the NHL to house their museum within the Hockey Hall of Fame. In 1998, the IIHF museum relocated to Toronto, Ontario, occupying over within the Hockey Hall of Fame.

As part of the centennial celebrations of the IIHF's founding, the 2008 IIHF World Championship was held in Canada, the perennial leaders of the sport. This was the first time the championships were hosted in Canada. Russia went on to win the 2008 Championship.

The main functions of the IIHF are to govern, develop and organize hockey throughout the world. Also to promote friendly relations among the member national associations and to operate in an organized manner for the good order of the sport.
The federation may take the necessary measures in order to conduct itself and its affairs in accordance with its statutes, bylaws and regulations as well as in holding a clear jurisdiction in what concerns to ice hockey and in-line hockey at the international level. The IIHF is the body responsible with arranging the sponsorships, license rights, advertising and merchandising in connection with all IIHF competitions.

Another purpose of the federation is to provide aid in the young players' development and in the development of coaches and game officials. On the other hand, all the events of IIHF are organized by the federation along with establishing and maintaining contact with any other sport federations or sport groups. The IIHF is responsible for processing the international players' transfers. It is also the body that presides over ice hockey in the Olympic Games as well as over all levels of the IIHF World Championships. The federation works in collaboration with local committees when organizing its 25 World Championships, at five different categories.

Even though the IIHF runs the world championships, it is also responsible for the organization of several European club competitions such as the Champions Hockey League or the Continental Cup. With its 100 anniversary, the federation launched a new annual club competition in 2008, the Victoria Cup, named after the Montreal Victoria Skating Rink, the site of the first organized indoor ice hockey match.
The federation is governed by the legislative body of the IIHF which is the General Congress along with the executive body, which is the Council. The Congress is entitled to make decisions with regard of the game's rules, the statutes and bylaws in the name of the federation. It is also the body that elects the president and the council or otherwise known as board.
The president of the IIHF is basically the representative of the federation. He represents the federation's interests I all external matters and he is also responsible that the decisions are made according to the federation's statues and regulations. The president is assisted by the General Secretary who is also the highest ranked employee of the IIHF.

The International Ice Hockey Federation was founded on May 15, 1908 at 34 Rue de Provence in Paris, France, as Ligue International de Hockey sur Glace (LIHG). The founders of the federation were representatives from Belgium, France, Great Britain, Switzerland and Bohemia (now Czech republic). Louis Magnus, the French representative, was the fifth member to sign the founding document and also the first president of the LIGH. A year later, the first congress was held in Paris and then another one during the same year in Chamonix, France.

The Federation has 51 full members: Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Chinese Taipei, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, DPR Korea, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Korea, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, Mongolia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, and United States. Full members have a national body dedicated to the sport, and participate annually in the international championships. Only full members have voting rights.

In addition, there are 16 associate members and 3 affiliate members.

Associate members either do not have a national body dedicated to the sport, or do not regularly participate in the international championships. They are Andorra, Armenia, Brazil, Georgia, Greece, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Liechtenstein, Macau, Macedonia, Malaysia, Moldova, Morocco, Portugal, Singapore and United Arab Emirates.

Affiliate members participate only in the inline championships. They are Argentina, Chile and Namibia.



Canadian Junior Hockey League

The Canadian Junior Hockey League (CJHL), an association of Canadian Junior A ice hockey leagues and teams, formed in November 1993, emerging from the Canada West Association of Junior 'A' Hockey.

Alberta Junior Hockey League

The Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) is an Alberta-based Junior A hockey league that belongs to the Canadian Junior Hockey League (CJHL).

British Columbia Hockey League

The British Columbia Hockey League is a Junior "A" ice hockey league from British Columbia under Hockey Canada, a subsection of the Canadian Junior Hockey League.


Central Canada Hockey League

The Central Canada Hockey League (CCHL) is a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey league operating in eastern Ontario, Canada.

Quebec Junior Hockey League

The Ligue de Hockey Junior AAA Quebec or Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League is a Hockey Quebec Junior "AAA" ice hockey league. It is a member of Hockey Canada and the Canadian Junior Hockey League.

Czech Extraliga

The Czech Extraliga () is the highest-level ice hockey league in the Czech Republic. As of 2009, it is ranked by the IIHF as the third strongest league in Europe.

The name of the league is leased a general sponsor and changes frequently.

Note: The names of most teams are leased to general sponsors and change frequently.



Deutsche Eishockey Liga

The Deutsche Eishockey Liga ("German Ice Hockey League", shortname DEL) is a German professional ice hockey league, which currently has the highest number of American and Canadian players outside of North America. 

There are currently 14 teams playing in the DEL.

Kontinental Hockey League

The Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) () is an international professional ice hockey league in Eurasia founded in 2008.

Apple strudel

Apple strudel () is a traditional Austrian dessert. It is also known in most of the countries which formed the Austro-Hungarian Empire.

The recipe came over the Ottoman Empire to Austria. A sweet related to strudel is baklava. Strudel was named for the first time in 1696. It gained popularity after Empress Maria Theresia had it served to her.

Strudel is made of a thin, elastic pastry. The filling contains sliced apples, sugar, cinnamon, raisins, and bread crumbs. Preparing the strudel dough is a difficult process, so you can also buy strudel pastry. Apple strudel can also be made with puff pastry. Traditionally, the strudel is served warm with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. Also, vanilla sauce is popular in many countries.

Ostreoida

The order Ostreoida includes the oysters and other families of bivalves such as Pectinidae (mostly scallops). 

In 2010, a new proposed classification system for the Bivalvia was published by Bieler, Carter & Coan, revising the classification of the Bivalvia, including the order Ostreoida.

Order Ostreoida






Pectinina

Pectinina is a suborder in the Bivalve order Ostreoida. It contains the superfamilies Pectinoidea and Anomioidea.

Constantine Samuel Rafinesque

Constantine Samuel Rafinesque-Schmaltz (October 22, 1783 – September 18, 1840) was a French nineteenth-century polymath. He contributed to botany, zoology, the study of prehistoric earthworks in North America and Mesoamerican ancient linguistics.

Rafinesque was eccentric. People often say he was an "erratic genius". He was an autodidact. He was successful in many things. He was good as a zoologist, botanist, writer and polyglot. He wrote prolifically on such diverse topics as anthropology, biology, geology, and linguistics. Today, scholars say that he was far ahead of his time in many of these fields.

Ostreidae

Ostreidae are the true oysters. The family includes most species eaten under the name "oyster". Pearl oysters are not true oysters because they belong to a different order, the Pterioida.

Like scallops, true oysters have a central adductor muscle. This causes a scar in the middle of the shell. It is the point of attachment. The shell is often irregular because oysters attach to substrates.

Lens (anatomy)

The crystalline lens is a transparent, biconvex structure in the eye. With the cornea it helps to refract light to be focused on the retina. The lens changes shape. This changes the focal distance of the eye so that it can focus on objects at various distances. This adjustment of the lens is called accommodation. It is similar to the focusing of a photographic camera when it focuses its lenses. The lens is flatter on the inside.

The lens is also called the "aquula" (Latin, "a little stream", dim. of "aqua", "water") or "crystalline lens". In humans, the refractive power of the lens in its natural environment is approximately 18 dioptres. This is about one-third of the eye's total power.


Pecten (bivalve)

Pecten is a genus of large scallops or saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae.
This is the type genus of the family. Pecten have lived since the Triassic Era and swim by flopping their shells.

The name "Pecten" is the Latin word for a comb or rake.

Shell petroleum company has used its logo with a shell since 1904.

Species in the genus "Pecten" include:

Byssus

Byssus is a silky "filament" by which certain molluscs attach to hard surfaces. It also means a rare fabric. It is also called sea silk, and is its fibre source.

Lake Ülemiste

Lake Ülemiste () a lake in Estonia. It is the largest of the lakes near Tallinn, the capital city. Tallinn takes its drinking water from this lake. The lake gets its water mostly from the small Kurna stream and the larger Pirita River (through the Vaskjala-Ülemiste canal).

There is a legend about this lake. The legend says that the "Old Man of Lake Ülemiste" () lives in the lake. When anyone meets him, he always asks: "Is Tallinn ready yet?". If the other person answers "Yes, the city is ready.", then the old man will send the lake waters out to cover the city of Tallinn. In this way, if anyone meets this old man, they should answer: "No, the city is not ready. There is a lot of work to do still." In this way the city can be saved.

Sachertorte

Sachertorte (Sacher cake) is a chocolate cake with a chocolate icing and a apricot jam filling. It is a typical sweet from Vienna. It is named after Franz Sacher, who invented the recipe.
The first cake was made by Franz Sacher in 1832 when Klemens Fürst Metternich ordered the kitchen to create a new sweet for his evening guests. The chef was ill so Sacher, who was apprentice in his second year, invented the first Sachertorte. After this the cake was nearly forgotten. Sacher worked in Budapest and Presburg and opened in 1848 a high-class delicatessen and winery in Vienna. His son Eduard Sacher, who learned in the Demel bakery which supplyed the court, brought the recipe in the form we know today. First the cake was sold by Demel, but after Eduard bought the Hotel Sacher also there.

In the 20th century there was a legal battle between the Sacher and the Demel about selling the "Original Sacher Torte". In 1963 the both parties agree, that the Hotel Sacher is allowed to use the name "Original Sacher Torte". The Demel could now sell a "Eduard Sacher Torte".

The Sachertorte consists of a chocolate sponge cake with a thin layer of apricot jam in the middle and dark chocolate icing on the top and sides. The main difference between the cake from the Hotel Sacher and from the Demel bakery is that the Original Sacher Torte has a layer of apricot jam under the icing and in the middle of the cake. The cake from Demel has only jam under the icing.

Most of the time the cake is served with whipped cream without sugar.


Salzburger Nockerl

Salzburger Nockerl is a sweet dessert from Salzburg, Austria.

The dessert is made of egg yolk, flour, sugar, salt, vanilla, and milk mixed into a thin dough. It is always freshly prepared. It is served warm with powdered sugar on it. The powdered sugar is said to represent the snow-covered peaks of the Gaisberg, Moenchsberg and Nonnberg.

In the operetta "Saison in Salzburg" (Season in Salzburg) by Fred Raymond, the dessert is praised in a song as "“Suess wie die Liebe und zart wie ein Kuss” (meaning Sweet as love and tender as a kiss in German). A legend says that they were invented by Salome Alt, the concubine of Salzburg′s Archbishop Wolf Dietrich von Raitenau in the early 17th century.


Thermochemistry

Thermochemistry is the study of the energy and heat to do with chemical reactions and physical transformations (physical changes). Physical transformations are when a state of matter (a solid or liquid, for example) changes to another state. Examples of transformations include melting (when a solid becomes a liquid) and boiling (when a liquid becomes a gas).

A reaction gives out or takes in energy. A physical transformation also gives out or takes in energy. Thermochemistry looks at these energy changes, particularly on a system's energy exchange with its surroundings. Thermochemistry is useful in predicting reactant and product quantities at all times during a given reaction. Thermochemists do this by using data, including entropy determinations. Thermochemists will tell if a reaction is spontaneous or non-spontaneous, favorable or unfavorable. 

Endothermic reactions take in heat. Exothermic reactions give out heat. Thermochemistry combines the concepts of thermodynamics with the idea of energy in the form of chemical bonds. It includes calculations of such quantities as heat capacity, heat of combustion, heat of formation, enthalpy, entropy, free energy, and calories.
Thermochemistry started with two ideas:


These discoveries came before the first law of thermodynamics (1845). They helped scientists understand this law.

Edward Diaz and Hess investigated specific heat and latent heat. Joseph Black developed the concept of latent energy changes.

Gustav Kirchhoff showed in 1858 that change in the heat of reaction is given by the difference in heat capacity between products and reactants: <math>

Kurt Schuschnigg

Kurt Alois Josef Johann Schuschnigg (1897–1977, until 1919, "Edler von Schuschnigg") was the 15th Chancellor of Austria. He was in office between the assassination of his predecessor, Engelbert Dollfuss in 1934, and the annexation of Austria in 1938. The time of Dollfuss' and Schuschnigg's reign is known as Austrofascism today. He survived the war as a prisoner. After the war, he took US citizenship, and became a professor for state law in the United States. In 1968, he returned to Austria, where he died in 1977. 

Schuschnigg studied law in Freiburg im Breisgau and Innsbruck. The nazi Otto Planetta killed Dollfuss, in 1934, in an event that is known as July putsch today. During the war, the NSDAP saw Planetta as a hero. Schuschnigg became the next Chancellor, and at age 36, is the youngest person to become chanellor to this date. 

Schuschnigg was a conservative and an Austrian nationalist. He also supported the idea of Austria as a catholic nation. During his time in office, he was opposed to the idea of Austria becoming a part of Germany. Adolf Hitler began to make show aggression towards Austria in the later 1930s. Schuschnigg planned a referendum on the issue, and this was strongly opposed by the Nazis. In his last major speech, he gave an emotional appeal to Austrian independence and nationalism, finishing with the line "Red White Red, until we're dead!" (referring to the colors of the Austrian flag). Schuschnigg was forced to step down on 11th March 1938, and to hand power to Dr. Arthur Seyß-Inquart. One day later, Austria was annexed to Germany. 

Schuschnigg was arrested by the Gestapo soon after this. He was sent to the infamous Dachau Concentration Camp, where he spent most of the war. After Dachau was liberated by allied armed forces he moved to the United States. He wrote books on his political career and worked in academia in the US. In 1968 he retired from being a professor and retired to Austria, where he died of natural causes in 1977. 

Valeria Kozlova

Valeria Sergeyevna Kozlova (; born on January 22, 1988) is a Russian singer, composer, songwriter, drummer and actress. She was a member of the music group "Ranetki" from 2005 until 2008.

She was in a relationship with "Ranetki"'s producer Sergei Milnichenko (b.1966) from 2005 until 2008.


Diario Frontera

Diario Frontera is a Venezuelan regional newspaper, headquartered in Ejido, in the state of Mérida. Founded in 1978, its slogan is "El diario del occidente del país" (The Daily of the occident of the country).

The newspaper is distributed as standard colored format. It contains regional, national, and international news. It has two supplements, issued every Sunday: "Aquí entre Nos" magazine, and a supplement for children, "Chipilín". It has special editions for occasions like "Feria del Sol" and "Día del Trabajador".

"Diario Frontera" was founded by José Benedicto Monsalve, along with the writer Rafael Ángel Gallegos, who was the first director, on 12 August 1978. At the beginning, it was printed in black and white using a rotary owned by "Diario Critica".

In the eighties, "Diario Frontera" became a generalist newspaper, printed in black and white, and with 20 pages. Since 1989, it has printed a page or a section dedicated to the University of the Andes, due to the great number of students and the importance of the University in the life of the city.

In June 2005, it printed an inquiry about a student of the university killed by the police. "Diario" wrote that the student had been hit by the policemen, but also revealed his belonging to an armed political group. The headquarter of the newspaper was attacked by groups of students; it was the beginning of riots that then spread all over the city. The pleas of Reporters Without Borders remained unheard.

In 2008, on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary, "Diario" has revamped graphics (logo, typeface).




Charles Doolittle Walcott

Charles Doolittle Walcott (March 31, 1850 – February 9, 1927) was an American geologist and invertebrate paleontologist. He became known for his discovery in 1909 of well-preserved fossils in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia, Canada.

Walcott became Director of the U.S. Geological Survey 1894–1907, and Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1907–1927. He discovered a number of important fossil sites. At the Walcott Quarry, the lowest (earliest) of the Burgess Shale deposits, Walcott collected 65,000 specimens between 1910 and 1924. The site dates to the Middle Cambrian, and is in the Canadian Rockies.

The Walcott-Rust quarry is near Russia, New York. This site has produced some of the best preserved trilobites ever found, including enrolled specimens with soft body parts.


Mérida (state)

Estado Mérida () is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital is Mérida. Mérida State covers a total surface area of 11,300 km² and, in 2007, had an estimated population of 843,800.

Hydrography is divided into two basins of the Orinoco River (Atlantic) and Lake Maracaibo (Caribbean Sea): In the Orinoco River basin major rivers are: Santo Domingo, Canaguá, Escagüey, Ticopoto, Bumbúm and Carapo; in the In the Lake Maracaibo basin major rivers are: Chama, Motatán, Mucujepe, Capaz, Torondoy, Mocotíes and Nuestra Señora.

In the state there are a lot of gaps between them are: La Mucuy, Los Patos, Negra, Mucubaji, Santo Cristo, El Arco, Los Anteojos, Suero, Encierro, La Sangre, El Gallo, Don Pedro, Laguna Grande, campanario, La Honda, La Negra, Fría y La Carbonera. Other gaps: Laguna Brava, Los Lirios and Urao 




The climate is cold but in the relatively small area of Mérida state, there are usually several dramatic climatic changes that occur daily. The climate in Mérida city is between 19 °C and 20 °C, temperatures between 5 °C and 9 °C at El Bolivar Peak, or below zero when it snows and 28 °C in the El Vigía area. Its rains almost every late afternoon in January–February that is the coldest months an August–September and in August and September it often rains at night. The vegetation is exuberant and there are many lakes and rivers, a great number of which are well stocked with trout, one of the delicacies of Mérida. The most important river in the state is the "Chama" because a large part of the water resources of Venezuela originates in the Mérida mountains. The state tree is the "Bucare" and the state flower is the "Frailejón" and in the "Coloradito" is found the tree at the highest altitude in the world. In this mountains habitat the "Oso Frontino" bear and the majestic Condor flies through the skies of the páramos and in the lagoons there are many trout.


Microsoft Agent

Microsoft Agent is the technology created by Microsoft which uses animated characters Text to speech engines, and Speech recognition software to improve interaction with computer users. It comes pre-installed with Windows 2000 through to Windows Vista but not on Windows 7.
Microsoft Agent characters are stored in files of the .ACS file format, and can be stored in a number of compressed .ACF files for better World Wide Web distribution. Microsoft Office 97 and Microsoft Bob Actor characters are stored in files of the .ACT format.

The speech engine itself is driven by the Microsoft Speech API (SAPI), version 4 and above. Microsoft SAPI provides a control panel for easily installing and switching between various available Text to Speech and Speech to Text engines, as well as voice training and scoring systems to improve the quality and accuracy of both engines.

Microsoft provides four agent characters for free, which can be downloaded from the Microsoft Agent website. These are called Peedy, Merlin, Genie, and Robby. Some characters also shipped with Microsoft Office up to version 2003 as the Office Assistants and with Windows XP as search assistants. New Agent characters can also be created using Microsoft's development tools, including the Agent Character Editor. Agents can be embedded in software with Visual Basic for Applications and in web pages with VBScript, and automated tools for the purpose of simplifying this exist. However, web page agents are only compatible with Internet Explorer, since alternative browsers like Opera or Mozilla Firefox do not support ActiveX. Additionally, users of Windows Me, Windows 2000, Windows XP, and above or owners of Microsoft Office 2000 and up are the only ones who have Agent software pre-loaded on their computers; others have to download the software and install it manually.

Gideon Welles

Gideon Welles (July 1, 1802 – February 11, 1878) was the United States Secretary of the Navy during the presidencies of Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson. He served from March 7, 1861 until March 4, 1869. He was from Glastonbury, Connecticut.

Keble College, Oxford

Keble College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford in England. Its main buildings are on Parks Road, opposite the University Museum and the University Parks. Keble is one of the larger colleges, with 435 undergraduates and 245 graduate students. The head of the college is the Warden (currently Sir Jonathan Phillips) and senior academic members are Fellows.

Keble was founded in 1870, having been built as a monument to John Keble, a leading member of the Oxford Movement. As originally constituted it was for men only and the fellows were mostly bachelors resident in the college. In the period after the second World War the trends were towards scientific courses (the major area devoted to science east of the University Museum influenced this) and eventually co-education for men and women from 1979 onwards.

It remains distinctive for its once-controversial neo-gothic red-brick buildings designed by William Butterfield. During the 20th century the college has been extended several times by new buildings.

New York Clipper

The New York Clipper, also known as The Clipper, was a weekly entertainment newspaper published in New York City from 1853 to 1924. It covered topics such as dance, music, the outdoors, and sports.


Baltimore Orioles (19th century)

The Baltimore Orioles were a 19th-century American Association and National League. They formed in 1882 and went defunct 1899. The team, which featured numerous future Hall of Famers, finished in first place three consecutive years (1894–1896) and won the Temple Cup championship in 1896 and 1897.

Sayabec

Sayabec is a small town called "municipality" in Quebec, Canada. It was established in 1894. 1,877 people live there. Sayabec is in the Matapedia Valley close to the Matapedia Lake.

Arrows

"This article is about the Formula One racing team. For other uses of the term "arrow," see Arrow."

Arrows Grand Prix International was a Formula One team active from 1978 to 2002. The team was also known as Footwork.

The Arrows Grand Prix International team was founded in 1977, by Italian financier (someone who handles lots of money) Franco Ambrosio, Alan Rees, Jackie Oliver, Dave Wass and Tony Southgate when Rees, Oliver, Wass and Southgate left the Shadow team. They named the team after the first letter of each person's last name in order, spelling out AROWS. The name was then changed to the correct spelling of Arrows.

The team earned their first podium at the 1978 Swedish Grand Prix, with future Williams driver Riccardo Patrese earning second. The rest of the season consisted of him earning points occasionally. Arrows fielded Patrese until 1981. In 1984 the team used BMW M12 turbo engines, and later Megatron turbos, and results improved as the turbo era moved along, going at its peak in 1988 when the team finished fifth in the constructors' championship. In between 1984 and 1988 the team had gotten two podium positions. Eventually when turbo engines were banned from the regulations, making them illegal to run in a race, Arrows' performance dropped, despite a third place podium finish at the 1989 USA Grand Prix in Phoenix.

The team was renamed Footwork in 1991 until being changed back to Arrows after the 1996 season. Arrows' performance dropped with the usage of the Porsche engines. Footwork eventually changed to Mugen Honda engines. The team also ran Ford and Hart engines as well.

In 1997, Tom Walkenshaw bought a part of Arrows, and hired 1996 Drivers' Champion Damon Hill and Pedro Diniz. Diniz was very rich and helped pay for Hill's salary, placing Diniz as the role of a pay driver. Hill nearly won the Hungarian Grand Prix but a component failure meant that Hill had slowed down and fell to second place, where Hill would finish. In the next few years Walkenshaw would buy out what Jackie Oliver had owned.

As the seasons went on Arrows started to go in debt. In 2002 at times the two drivers, Heinz-Harald Frentzen and Enrique Bernoldi deliberately failed to qualify for a couple of races in an attempt to save some money. The team could not finish the season and went into liquidation and folded at the end of the season. However, Phoenix Finance purchased the team's assets and tried to enter in the 2003 season but was not allowed. 

Bella Thorne

Annabella Avery "Bella" Thorne (born October 8, 1997) is an American actress, dancer, singer, and model. She started as a child model and actress who has appeared in more than 20 movies and television series and more than 60 commercials. She is best known for her role as the young dancer CeCe Jones on the Disney Channel series "Shake It Up!".

Bella Thorne was born on October 8, 1997 in Pembroke Pines, Florida. She is the youngest of four children. Her older siblings are Kaili (born in 1992), Dani (born in 1993), and Remy (born in 1995), who are also actors and models. When Thorne was growing up, Spanish was her first language, but she has forgotten it from not using it.
Thorne's first movie appearance was as a sidelines fan in the 2003 movie "Stuck on You", but she was not credited for it. Since then, she has appeared in movie and television projects including "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "Entourage", "The O.C." (as a younger version of Taylor Townsend), the third-to-last episode of "October Road", and five episodes of "Dirty Sexy Money" (as Margaux Darling). In 2007, Thorne appeared as a young girl who saw visions in "The Seer".

In 2008, Thorne starred alongside Christian Slater and Taylor Lautner in the drama series "My Own Worst Enemy". She won a Young Artist's Award for her portrayal of the character Ruthy Spivey in this series. She then appeared in the ten-episode web series "Little Monk", which showed characters from the series "Monk" as children. In 2009, she played the antagonist in the horror movie "Forget Me Not".

In 2010, Thorne joined the cast of HBO's "Big Love" in its fourth season. She replaced Jolean Wejbe in the role of Bill Henrickson's daughter Tancy 'Teeny' Henrickson, even though she had actually auditioned for a different role. She also guest starred on "Wizards of Waverly Place", as Max's girlfriend Nancy Lukey. Thorne also took on a supporting role in the family drama "Raspberry Magic".

Thorne was also a child model. Since appearing in her first picture for a parenting magazine at the age of 6 weeks, Thorne has starred in television ad campaigns for Digital Light Processing, Publix, and KFC, and appeared in print ads for brands including Barbie, ALDO K!DS, JLO by Jennifer Lopez, Kaiya Eve Couture, LaSenza Girl, Tommy Hilfiger, Ralph Lauren, Guess?, Target, Justice and Mudd for Kohls. She also modelled for Sears Back to School. In an interview with Seventeen magazine, Thorne said that her appointment as the spokesperson for Texas Instruments was her big break. She also said that she has lost much more projects than she has booked and said that the support of her family helped her get over disappointments.

Thorne currently co-stars on the Disney Channel sitcom "Shake It Up!", (originally titled "Dance, Dance Chicago"). Thorne plays Cecelia "CeCe" Jones, a dancer who dreams of a career in the spotlight. While she had done a lot of work in television and movie, Thorne had no experience in professional dancing before being cast in this show. After signing onto the show in October 2009, she began taking three dance classes every night.

Thorne is from Pembroke Pines, Florida, but has been living with her family in California since early 2006. Her interests include dancing, playing soccer, spending time with her family and playing with her two dogs, six cats and a turtle. She also says that she collects hardcover books, listens to 80s music, and uses YouTube as a research tool for getting into character. Thorne is a strong supporter of the Humane Society, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, and The Nomad Organization, which provides education, food and medical supplies to children in Africa.

Thorne lost her father to a vehicle accident in 2007.

Thorne was diagnosed with dyslexia in second grade. She is currently being home-schooled. She used to go to a public school, but was abused by other students. Thorne improved in her learning after attending a Sylvan Learning center and is currently reading and writing a grade ahead. Thorne also talked about her dyslexia in an April 2010 interview with American Cheerleader Magazine, and explained that she overcame her dyslexia by reading everything she could find, including the labels of cereal boxes.

Thorne is currently dating YouTuber Sam Pepper. In August 2016, Thorne came out as bisexual.


François Mitterrand

François Maurice Adrien Marie Mitterrand (26 October 1916 – 8 January 1996) was a French politician who was the President of the French Republic from 21 May 1981 until 17 May 1995. He was born in Jarnac in the Charente department. He was a member of the Socialist Party. Before being elected president, he had held several positions in the French Cabinet. As President of France, he was also one of the Co-Princes of Andorra. He abolished death penalty in 1981. Jacques Chirac was President of France and "ex officio" Co-Prince of Andorra after him. Mitterrand died of prostate cancer in Paris. He was laid to rest in his birthplace Jarnac.

From 1959 to 1981, Mitterrand was also mayor of Château-Chinon (Ville), a municipality in the Nièvre department.

Afonso IV of Portugal

Afonso IV (; 8 February 1291 – 28 May 1357), called the Brave (), was the seventh king of Portugal and the Algarve from 1325 until his death. He was the only son that King Denis of Portugal had with his wife Elizabeth of Aragon. Afonso married Beatrice of Castile (1293–1359) in 1309, daughter of Sancho IV, King of Castile and María de Molina, and had four sons and three daughters by her. He also had another daughter.

Burgenland

The Burgenland (Austro-Bavarian: "Burgnlaund", Croatian: "Gradišće", Hungarian: "Felsőőrvidék", "Őrvidék," "Lajtabánság") is one of the nine federal states of the Federal Republic of Austria. It is the youngest of the nine states and came to Austria after the First World War in 1921. The name Vierburgenland (Land of Four Castles) was created in 1919. It was derived from the name of the four vármegye of the Kingdom of Hungary (in German Komitate, 'counties') known in Hungarian as Pozsony, Moson, Sopron and Vas, or in German as Pressburg, Wieselburg, Ödenburg and Eisenburg. Because Pressburg was given to Czechoslovakia, the number was dropped. In 1922 the name was adopted by the province assembly.

Burgenland has an area of 3961.80 km². It is divided into 3 regions (districts):
Sometimes Mittelburgenland is seen as a part of southern Burgenland.

The highest point of the state is the Geschriebenstein at 884 m, the lowest point is near Apetlon at 114 m. Burgenland and Hungary share the Neusiedler See. Leitha, Pulka and Raab are important rivers.

Burgenland has Croatian (29,000 - 45,000) and Hungarian (5,000 - 15,000) populations. The Burgenland Croatian language is an 16th-century dialect which is different from standard Croatian. In former times there was also a Roma and Jewish population, but the Nazis destroyed them.

In 1043 a peace treaty between Henry III and King Samuel Aba of Hungary fixed the western border of the Kingdom of Hungary along the Leitha and Lafnitz rivers, among others. The territory of the present-day Burgenland became the western border-zone of the medieval Kingdom of Hungary until the 16th century. The majority of the population was Germanic. There was also immigration in the Middle Ages from the neighbouring Austria. During occupation of Hungary by the Ottoman Empire some parts of today's Burgenland stayed within Habsburg rule. After the Austro-Hungarian empire was formed in 1867 Burgenland was part of the Hungarian part of the monarchy. Because 74% of the inhabitants were of German origin the area came to the new formed Republic of Austria. In the time till the Second World War many people emigrated to the United States. It is said that Chicago is the largest town of the Burgenland.

During the Nazi occupation the state was part of Styria and Lower Danube. In addition to the oppression of the Jews, the ethnic groups Roma and Sinti also suffered under the Nazi regime. The Lackenbach concentration camp for Gypsies was in the area.

After the Second World War Burgenland was part of the Soviet occupation zone. After the Staatsvertrag it had a long border to the communist area in eastern Europe. The economic development was very slow. After joining the European Union this development became faster.

Burgenland's provincial assembly (Landtag) has 36 seats. The provincial government is a combination of Social Democratic Party (SPÖ) and the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). The voting age for regional elections in Burgenland was reduced to 16 in 2003.

The area's main attractions are the Neusiedler See (the lake), the hot springs at Lutzmannsburg, Stegersbach and Bad Tatzmannsdorf. There is also over 500 km of bicycle tracks in Also.

There are several events in summer:


Organometallic chemistry

Organometallic chemistry is the study of chemical compounds containing bonds between carbon and a metal. It combines aspects of inorganic chemistry (the study of non-carbon bonds) and organic chemistry (the study of carbon bonds).

An example of an organometallic compounds is tetraethyllead; it was used as a fuel (leaded gasoline) additive in the past. Methylcobalamin (Vitamin B) is a common organometallic compound.

Organometallic compounds are compounds that have chemical bonds between an one or more metal atoms and one or more carbon atoms of an organyl group (an organic ligand). They have the prefix "organo-" (for example, organopalladium compounds). Organometallic compounds include subgroups like the metalloproteins such as haemoglobin. 

The term "metalorganics" usually refers to metal-containing compounds lacking direct metal-carbon bonds but which contain organic ligands which bind them to an organic compound. Metal beta-diketonates, alkoxides, and dialkylamides are members of this class.

In addition to the traditional metals, elements such as boron, silicon, arsenic, and selenium form organometallic compounds.

Many complexes have coordination bonds between a metal and organic ligands. The organic ligands often bind the metal through a heteroatom such as oxygen or nitrogen, in which case such compounds are called "coordination compounds". 

Many organic coordination compounds occur in nature. For example, hemoglobin and myoglobin contain an iron center coordinated to the nitrogen atoms of a porphyrin ring; magnesium is the center of a chlorin ring in chlorophyll. The field of such inorganic compounds is known as bioinorganic chemistry. However, methylcobalamin (a form of Vitamin B), with a cobalt-methyl bond, is a true organometallic complex, one of the few known in biology. 

The metal-carbon bond in organometallic compounds is half way between being ionic and covalent. Organometallic compounds with bonds that have characters in between ionic and covalent are very important in industry. They are both relatively stable in solutions but ionic enough to undergo reactions. Two important classes are organolithium and Grignard reagents. 

Organometallics find practical uses in stoichiometric and catalytic processes, especially processes involving carbon monoxide and alkene-derived polymers. All the world's polyethylene and polypropylene are produced with organometallic catalysts. Acetic acid is produced using metal carbonyl catalysts in the Monsanto process and Cativa process. The bulk of the synthetic alcohols, at least those larger than ethanol, are produced by hydrogenation of hydroformylation-derived aldehydes. The Wacker process is used in the oxidation of ethylene to acetaldehyde.

Organomettalics are highly basic and highly reducing. They catalyze many polymerization reactions. They are also useful stoichiometrically.

Organometallic compounds may be found in the environment. Environmentalists worry about organo-lead and organo-mercury compounds. They are toxic hazards.

Research is underway using organometallic catalysis. The energy crisis has increased interest in more efficient ways of working with the fossil fuels we have left. The new interest in “green” technologies has also helped increase research. Many examples of organometallic research can be found in the petrochemical and pharmaceutical industries. Some current methods of chemical production are wasteful and produce toxic waste, while many organometallic catalysts show promise to change that.

Louis Claude Cadet synthesized methyl arsenic compounds related to cacodyl. William Christopher Zeise made platinum-ethylene complex. Edward Frankland discovered dimethyl zinc. Ludwig Mond discovered Ni(CO). Victor Grignard worked with organomagnesium compounds. The abundant and diverse products from coal and petroleum led to Ziegler-Natta, Fischer-Tropsch, hydroformylation catalysis which employ CO, H, and alkenes as feedstocks and ligands.

Years ago, Tetraethyllead was added to gasoline as an antiknock agent. Because lead is toxic, it is no longer used in gasoline. Instead, other organometallic compounds such as ferrocene and methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl are now added to gasoline to prevent knocking.

The 1973 Nobel Prizes to Ernst Fischer and Geoffrey Wilkinson for work on metallocenes made organometallic chemistry more popular. In 2005, Yves Chauvin, Robert H. Grubbs and Richard R. Schrock shared the Nobel Prize for metal-catalyzed olefin metathesis.




Coniston Water

Coniston Water (usually called just Coniston) is a lake in Cumbria. It is the third largest lake in the Lake District. It is long and wide. The lake has an elevation of 143 feet (44 m) above sea level. It drains to the sea via the River Crake.

In the 20th century Coniston was the scene of many attempts to break the world water speed record. On August 19, 1939 Sir Malcolm Campbell set the record at 141.74 miles per hour (228.108 km/h) in Bluebird K4. Between 1956 and 1959 Sir Malcolm's son Donald Campbell set four successive records on the lake in Bluebird K7, a hydroplane.

In 1966 Donald Campbell decided that he needed to get over 300 miles per hour (483 km/h) to keep the record. On January 4, 1967 he achieved a top speed of over 320 miles per hour (515 km/h) in Bluebird K7 on the return leg of a record-breaking attempt. He then lost control of Bluebird, which somersaulted and crashed, sinking rapidly. Campbell was killed instantly on impact. The attempt could not be counted as a record-breaking run because the second leg was not completed.

In recent times, Coniston Water has become known for a controversial murder case. Mrs Carol Park was dubbed the ""Lady in the Lake"" after the Raymond Chandler novel of the same name.

Delirium tremens

Delirium tremens (often called DTs or "the DTs") is a medical emergency. It is the worst form of alcohol withdrawal, which can happen when a person who drinks a lot of alcohol suddenly stops drinking. "Delirium" means very bad confusion that comes on quickly; "tremens" means "shaking."

Scientists think the DTs happen because the autonomic nervous system gets too excited. It works too hard and will not shut off.

DTs were first written about in 1813.

Most people who stop drinking alcohol do not get the DTs. But some people are more likely to get the DTs if they suddenly stop drinking. DTs are more likely in people who:

About 5% of people who have alcohol withdrawal symptoms get the DTs. About 5-10% of chronic (long-term) alcoholics get the DTs at some point in their life.

DTs cause symptoms that can be very bad and very dangerous. Even though not many people get DTs when they stop drinking, many people that do get DTs die from them. Others get permanent brain damage or other problems.

Symptoms usually start within 2 to 3 days after the person had their last drink. But in some people, DTs can happen up to a week or 10 days after their last drink.

Most people who die from DTs die from one or more of these symptoms:

Other body symptoms caused by DTs include:

DTs can cause changes to thinking and feelings that can be very scary for the patient:

DTs can cause major changes to the senses, especially what a person sees, hears, and feels. For example:

DTs always need to be treated in a hospital. If a person starts having symptoms of DTs at home, 9-1-1 (or their local emergency number) should be called for an ambulance right away.

Several types of medicines can be used to treat DTs:
People with DTs are also often given thiamine (vitamin B1), an important vitamin, because alcoholics often do not have enough thiamine. If thiamine levels are low enough, this can cause brain damage.

Brian Cox (physicist)

Brian Edward Cox (born 3 March 1968) is a British particle physicist. He is also a professor at the University of Manchester and a Royal Society University Research Fellow. He works on the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). Cox presents some BBC science television programmes the most notable being "Stargazing Live" and "Wonders of Universe". He also presented some episodes of "Horizon".

Cox was born in 1968 in Chadderton, Oldham, Lancashire. His parents worked for Yorkshire Bank, his mother as a cashier and his father as a middle-manager in the same branch. He was a keyboard player for pop band D:Ream in the 1990s.


How to Win Friends and Influence People

How to Win Friends and Influence People is a self-help book. It was written by Dale Carnegie and first published in 1936. It is one of the best selling self-help books ever published. Since 1936, over 15 million copies have been sold worldwide.


Jemma Palmer

Jemma "Jem" Palmer (born 10 April 1986) is an English model and professional wrestler. She was briefly signed to World Wrestling Entertainment. She is also known by the name Inferno. She used this name in the 2008 British television series "Gladiators". In 2011, she became known for taking part in the twelfth series of "Big Brother".

Damien Sandow

Aaron Steven Haddad (born August 3, 1982) is an Australian born American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in the WWE where he wrestled under the ring name, Damien Sandow.

He won the 2013 Money in the Bank for a World Heavyweight Championship Money in the Bank opportunity but became the first wrestler to outright lose his cash-in title match when he was defeated by John Cena on the October 28 episode of Raw.


Ulf von Euler

Ulf Svante von Euler (7 February 1905 – 9 March 1983) was a Swedish physiologist and pharmacologist. He won a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1970 for his work on neurotransmitters.

The Fighting Temptations

The Fighting Temptations is a 2003 musical comedy movie with Cuba Gooding Jr., and Beyoncé.

Titus O'Neil

Thaddeus Bullard (born April 29, 1977 in Boynton Beach, Florida) better known under the ring name Titus O'Neil, is an American professional wrestler and former American football player currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

He is one half of the Prime Time Players along with Darren Young. He competed on the second season of NXT where he finished 5th and also competed on the fifth season of NXT called NXT Redemption. He played professional football in the Arena Football League for the Utah Blaze, Tampa Bay Storm, Las Vegas Gladiators and Carolina Cobras.



Paul Bearer

William Alvin "bill" Moody (10 March 1947 - 5 March 2013) better known by his ring name “The Father of Destruction” and “The Fat Man (or Fatman)” Paul Bearer as well as Percival Pringle III, was an American professional wrestling manager and professional wrestler. He was best known for managing both The Undertaker as well as his on-screen brother, Kane in the WWF/WWE.

Moody was born on 10 April 1947 in Mobile, Alabama. He died on 5 March 2013 in Mobile, Alabama from a heart attack. Club board member of Cauliflower Alley Club "Cowboy" Bob Kelly said that during a reunion on 2 March, Moody was having trouble breathing and was also coughing. Moody said that he was going to be treated for respiratory problems and Kelly said that Moody was treated for a blood clot after the reunion.


Maury Povich

Maurice Richard "Maury" Povich (born January 17, 1939) is an American television talk show host. He hosted the tabloid talk show "Maury", which began in 1991 and ended in 2022.

Povich graduated from the Landon School in 1957. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1962 with a degree in television journalism. He hosted the 2000 revival of the television game show "Twenty One". 

Povich is married to former news anchor Connie Chung.

Darwinopterus

Darwinopterus (meaning "Darwin's wing") is a genus of pterosaur, discovered in China and named after Charles Darwin. It is the first known pterosaur to display features of both long-tailed (rhamphorhynchoid) and short-tailed (pterodactyloid) pterosaurs. "Darwinopterus" is a transitional fossil between the two groups. 

Between 30 and 40 fossil specimens have been found, all collected from the Tiaojishan Formation, which dates to the Middle Jurassic, 160 million years ago (mya). The type species, "D. modularis", was described in February 2010. 

Two additional species, "D. linglongtaensis" and "D. robustodens", were described from the same fossil beds in December 2010 and June 2011, respectively.

The specimens showed sexual dimorphism: the males had crests on their heads, and narrower hips than the females.

This genus, and its near relatives, show a combination of 'primitive' (basal) and 'advanced' (derived) pterosaurian features. This is characteristic of transitional fossils ('missing links'), and is called modular evolution or mosaic evolution.

"Darwinopterus" had long tails and other features of rhamphorhynchoids, they also had distinct pterodactyloid features, such as long vertebrae in the neck and a single skull opening in front of the eyes.

The specimen preserved along with an egg gave information on the reproductive strategies of "Darwinopterus" and pterosaurs in general. 

Like the eggs of later pterosaurs and modern reptiles, the eggs of "Darwinopterus" had a parchment-like, soft shell. In modern birds, the eggshell is hardened with calcium carbonate, completely shielding the embryo from the outside environment. Soft-shelled eggs are permeable to water, and allow significant amounts to be absorbed into the egg during development. Eggs of this type are more vulnerable to the elements and are typically buried in soil. 

David Unwin, a co-author of the paper, suggested that "Darwinopterus" probably laid many small eggs at a time and buried them. Juveniles could fly upon hatching, and required little to no parental care. 

These results imply that reproduction in pterosaurs was more like that in modern reptiles and significantly differed from reproduction in birds.

Rubén Sierra

Rubén Sierra (b. October 6, 1965) is a retired Puerto Rican Major League Baseball player. Sierra was an outfielder.

Matt Clement

Matthew Paul Clement (born August 12, 1974, in Butler, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. Clement played for the San Diego Padres, Florida Marlins, Chicago Cubs and Boston Red Sox. While on the Red Sox active roster, he was injured all of the 2007 season. He batted and threw right-handed.

On April 5, 2009, Clement said he was no longer going to play baseball.

Tarkovsky

Tarkovsky () is a Russian surname. The feminine form is Tarkovskaya (). A well-known person with this name was Andrei Tarkovsky, a Soviet movie director. 

Marin County, California

Marin County, California is a county in the US state of California. It is north of the San Francisco Bay. The county seat and largest city is San Rafael.


This is a list of cities and towns in Marin County:

Dolce &amp; Gabbana

Dolce & Gabbana, often called D&G, is an Italian fashion label. They make and sell clothes including shirts and underwear. The company was founded in Milan in 1985 by Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana.

Transitional fossil

Transitional fossils (or missing links) are the fossilised remains of lifeforms that show features typical of two distinct groups. It may be a rare fossil, such as "Archaeopteryx", which shows early features of a group which later becomes widespread.

The rarity of transitional forms is interesting. It suggests the new forms are not yet dominant in the ecology of their time, and their populations are relatively small. It follows that their fossils would be scarce. In the Solnhofen limestone where "Archaeopteryx" was found, there are more examples of pterosaurs of several genera than there are of the proto-bird. In the Jurassic, the pterosaurs were dominant in the air.

Large numbers of different bird species are found in the famous Chinese lagerstatten deposits such as the Jehol biota. The Lower Cretaceous birds are clearly more bird-like, and the features they developed enabled them to invade habitat niches which had been the preserve of pterosaurs, or maybe were not previously exploited at all.

Pterosaur decline (if present) seems unrelated to bird diversity. In fact, at least some bird niches were reclaimed by pterosaurs just before the KT event.

Typical of transitional fossils is that some features are clearly basal or primitive. Other features are advanced ('derived'). With "Archaeopteryx", the front legs are derived, and show clearly the capacity for flight. Also, the feathers had the rachus (stem) off-centre, a feature of all bird flight feathers. The rest of the skeleton was just like any other small carnivorous dinosaur.

Transitional fossil flatfish are known, where the process of eye movement is not yet complete. In a typical modern flatfish, the head is asymmetric with both eyes on one side of the head. In "Heteronectes", the transition from the symmetric head is incomplete, with one eye positioned near the top of the head, similar to its Italian relative "Amphistium". The existence of these intermediate stages was predicted by Darwin.

When transition takes place between one group and another, not all features change at the same time. This is called mosaic evolution. Transitions between higher groups would involve a series of transitional species, only a few of which may be found as fossils.

Jan Vyčítal

Jan Vyčítal (March 8, 1942 in Prague, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia – March 1, 2020) was a Czech country music singer and songwriter. He was founding member of Greenhorns. 

Vyčítal died on March 1, 2020 at the age of 77.



Period 3 element

A period 3 element is an element found on the third period (row) of the periodic table. The row has eight elements sodium, magnesium, aluminium, silicon, phosphorus, sulfur, chlorine, and argon.

Period 3 elements have electrons in the first three electron shells. The first and second electron shells are always full. The third electron shell (valence electrons) fills when atomic number gets bigger. Two electrons join the 3s orbital, and six electrons join the 3p orbitals.

Period 2 element

A period 2 element is an element in the second period (row) of the periodic table. Period 2 has eight elements: lithium, beryllium, boron, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, fluorine and neon. Their atomic numbers go from 3 to 10.

Period 2 elements have electrons in the first two electron shells. The first electron shell is always full. The second electron shell (valence electrons) fills when atomic number gets bigger. Two electrons join the 2s orbital, and six electrons join the 2p orbitals.

These atoms can become stable in two ways:

Mariner 1

Mariner 1 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the first spacecraft in the Mariner program. Mariner 1 was planned to do a Venus fly-by. However, it was destroyed by the Range Safety Officer 293 seconds after launch. It was destroyed because the rocket moved off course and was a safety risk. Mariner 1 was followed by Mariner 2.

The Atlas-Agena rocket was controlled by a hand-written formula:

Which means "the th smoothed value of the time derivative of a radius R". However, for this mission, an overline (‾) was missing in the formula, which looks something like this:

Because the smoothing function was missing, the rocket became sensitive at minor changes. Then, the rocket became out of control and destroyed by the Range Safety Officer. Few years later, Arthur C. Clarke wrote that Mariner 1 was "wrecked by the most expensive hyphen in history".


Cornish cookery

Cornish cookery denotes the cooking styles, traditions and recipes associated with Cornwall. It has been heavily influenced by the geography of the county as well as its social history.

Being a peninsula, fish dishes form a major part of the historical and modern recipes in Cornwall, with the fishing industry playing a major part in its economy. The iconic dish of Cornwall, the pasty, has its roots in the mining industry. 

Cornwall's cookery has influenced and been influenced by other British cuisine, as well as having similarities with the cuisine of its neighbour, Devon.

Much of Cornwall's farming land is suitable for milk production and one of the by products is clotted cream (cream thickened by cooking). This forms the basis for many local specialities including Cornish fudge and Cornish ice cream and is used in Cornish cream teas. Cornish clotted cream is protected under EU law, and cannot be made anywhere else. 

Cornwall is perhaps best known for its pasties, a savoury baked dish made from pastry. Today's pasties usually contain a filling of beef steak, onion, potato and swede with salt and white pepper, but historically pasties had a variety of different fillings. Pasties are often locally referred to as "oggies". 

National Gallery

National gallery may refer to: 


Pedro Rodríguez Ledesma

Pedro Eliezer Rodríguez Ledesma, commonly known as Pedro (born 28 July 1987) is a Spanish footballer. He plays for AS Roma and the Spanish national team.




Sergio Busquets

Sergio Busquets i Burgos (born 16 July 1988) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Inter Miami and the Spanish national team.

85||2


Edifício Itália

Edifício Itália is a skyscraper in São Paulo, Brazil. It is 165 meters (550 feet) tall and has 46 floors. It was built in 1965.



Start

The start is a beginning of an activity or the beginning of a race. It can also mean switching on an engine. 

Ito Hirobumi

Ito was the first Japanese Governor General of Korea 1896–1909. 

In 1874, Ito became the Interior Minister, and from 1878 to 1880, he served as the Second Interior Minister. From 1884 to 1887, Ito was Imperial Household Minister. 

From 1885 to 1888, he was first Prime Minister of Japan, and also, in 1887, was the Adjunct Foreign Minister of Japan. He served again as Prime Minister from 1892 to 1896, and again in 1898, and his final term was in 1900-1901 as the 10th Prime Minister.

He was killed for political reasons. 


Complexity class

A Complexity class is a concept from theoretical computer science and mathematics: All problems that have the same complexity are in the same complexity class. This means, that for a given input, they need about the same amount of resources, such as compute time, or memory. The most often used models for complexity are time complexity, which measures the time needed to calculate a result, or space complexity, which looks at the amount of memory or storage needed. When talking about complexity classes, a "worst case scenario" is usually assumed.

Saif al-Islam Gaddafi

Saif al-Islam al-Gaddafi (born June 25, 1972) is one of the sons of Muammar al-Gaddafi. In 2021 he became a candidate for President of Libya.

Saif studied architecture and political science. He holds a PhD from the London School of Economics. Saif presides the Gaddafi International Foundation of Charitable Associations. In 2011, the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant against Saif. The court said that Saif may have committed crimes against humanity. According to the court, the Gaddafi regime used torture, killed people and raped women to incite the population to support the regime.

After the Libyan civil war, Gaddafi was arrested. He tried to flee but was caught. He was flown to Zintan and has stayed there.

Kim Jong-suk

Kim Jong-suk(김정숙, December 24, 1917 – September 22, 1949) was a Korean independence activist, and communist politician. She was the first wife of North Korean President Kim Il-sung, and the mother of Kim Jong-Il, North Korean Great Leader.


Pope Pius VI

Pope Pius VI (; 25 December, 1717 – 29 August 1799), born Giovanni Angelo Braschi, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 251st Pope from 1775 to 1799.

Pope Clement XIII named him treasurer of the Roman Church in 1766.

In 1775, Pope Clement XIV made Braschi a cardinal.

Cardinal Braschi was elected pope in 1775; and he chose to be called Pius VI.

Pope Pius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.



Mariner 2

Mariner 2 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the second spacecraft in the Mariner program. Mariner 2 was the first successful mission from Earth to another planet.

Mariner 2 was launched on August 27, 1962 aboard an Atlas-Agena B rocket at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The aim of the Mariner 2 mission was to fly-by the planet Venus and return information on the planet's atmosphere, magnetic field, charged particle environment, and mass. Mariner 2 was at its closest to Venus, at a distance of 34,773 km, on December 14, 1962. Orbital perihelion was on December 27, 105,464,560 km away. The last radio signal from Mariner 2 was received on January 3, 1963. Mariner 2 is still orbiting around the Sun today.

The spacecraft's design was exactly the same as that of Mariner 1. Mariner 1 was the first spacecraft in the Mariner program, but it had to be destroyed shortly after launch because its trajectory was wrong.

The spacecraft found out that the surface temperature on Venus was at least 425 °C (797 °F), on both the day and night sides. It discovered that Venus rotates in the opposite direction from most planets in the Solar System. The spacecraft also found that the atmosphere of Venus is mostly of carbon dioxide and that there is a very high pressure at the planet's surface. Continuous cloud cover was detected but no magnetic field was, however. It also found that solar wind is continuous and that the density of cosmic dust between planets is much lower than it is near Earth.


Period 1 element

A period 1 element is an element in the first period (row) of the periodic table. The periodic table is arranged in rows to show repeating properties of the elements. When the atomic number increases, the element have different properties. A new row begins when chemical properties repeat. It means that elements in the same group have similar properties. The first period has less elements than any other periods in the periodic table. There are only two elements in the first period: hydrogen and helium. We can explain why "there are less elements in the first row" in modern theories of atomic structure. This is because in quantum physics, this period fills up the 1s orbital. Period 1 elements follows the duet rule, they only need two electrons to complete their valence shell. These elements can only hold two electrons, both in the 1s orbital. Therefore, period 1 can have only two elements.

As period 1 only has two elements, there are no remarkable periodic trends.
Although both hydrogen and helium are in the s-block, they do not behaves similarly to other s-block elements. There is argument over where these two elements should be placed in the periodic table.

The position of hydrogen is sometimes above lithium, sometimes above carbon, sometimes above fluorine, sometimes above both lithium and fluorine (appearing two times), or floating above the other elements and not belongs to any group in the periodic table.

The position of helium is almost always above neon (which is in the p-block) in the periodic table because it is a noble gas. However, sometimes the position of it is above beryllium because they have similar electron configuration.

Hydrogen (symbol:H) is a chemical element. Its atomic number is 1. At standard temperature and pressure, hydrogen has no color, no smell and no taste. It is a nonmetal, and it is highly flammable. It is a diatomic gas with the molecular formula H. Its atomic mass is 1.00794 amu Hydrogen is the lightest element.

Hydrogen is the most abundant of the chemical elements. The abundance of hydrogen is roughly 75%. Stars in the main sequence are mainly composed of hydrogen in its plasma state. However, there is less hydrogen on Earth. Therefore, hydrogen is industrially produced from hydrocarbons (e.g. methane). We use elemental hydrogen locally at the production site. The largest markets are almost equally divided between fossil fuel upgrading, such as hydrocracking, and ammonia production, mostly for the fertilizer market. Hydrogen may be produced from water using the process of electrolysis, but this process is significantly more expensive commercially than hydrogen production from natural gas.

The most common naturally occurring isotope of hydrogen, protium, has a single proton and no neutrons. In ionic compounds, it can take on either a positive charge, becoming a cation composed of a bare proton, or a negative charge, becoming an anion known as a hydride. Hydrogen can form compounds with most elements and is present in water and most organic compounds. It plays a particularly important role in acid-base chemistry, in which many reactions involve the exchange of protons between soluble molecules. As the only neutral atom for which the Schrödinger equation can be solved analytically, study of the energetics and spectrum of the hydrogen atom has played a key role in the development of quantum mechanics.

The interactions of hydrogen with various metals are very important in metallurgy, as many metals can suffer hydrogen embrittlement, and in developing safe ways to store it for use as a fuel. Hydrogen is highly soluble in many compounds composed of rare earth metals and transition metals and can be dissolved in both crystalline and amorphous metals. Hydrogen solubility in metals is influenced by local distortions or impurities in the metal crystal lattice.

Helium (He) is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert monatomic chemical element that heads the noble gas series in the periodic table and whose atomic number is 2. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among the elements and it exists only as a gas except in extreme conditions.

Helium was discovered in 1868 by French astronomer Pierre Janssen, who first detected the substance as an unknown yellow spectral line signature in light from a solar eclipse. In 1903, large reserves of helium were found in the natural gas fields of the United States, which is by far the largest supplier of the gas. The substance is used in cryogenics, in deep-sea breathing systems, to cool superconducting magnets, in helium dating, for inflating balloons, for providing lift in airships, and as a protective gas for industrial uses such as arc welding and growing silicon wafers. Inhaling a small volume of the gas temporarily changes the timbre and quality of the human voice. The behavior of liquid helium-4's two fluid phases, helium I and helium II, is important to researchers studying quantum mechanics and the phenomenon of superfluidity in particular, and to those looking at the effects that temperatures near absolute zero have on matter, such as with superconductivity.

Helium is the second lightest element and is the second most abundant in the observable universe. Most helium was formed during the Big Bang, but new helium is being created as a result of the nuclear fusion of hydrogen in stars. On Earth, helium is relatively rare and is created by the natural decay of some radioactive elements because the alpha particles that are emitted consist of helium nuclei. This radiogenic helium is trapped with natural gas in concentrations of up to 7% by volume, from which it is extracted commercially by a low-temperature separation process called fractional distillation.

Peugeot 5008

The Peugeot 5008 is a SUV produced by Peugeot since 2009. While in its first generation, it was a MPV version of the Peugeot 3008, but the second generation turned to a SUV. It is a longer seven-seater version of the Peugeot 3008.


Fiat Multipla

The Fiat Multipla is a car produced by Fiat between 1998 and 2010. The original model became well known for its styling that divided opinion before it was facelifted in 2004. Fiat discontinued the model in 2010. It is a MPV version of the Fiat Bravo.


2011 Virginia earthquake

The 2011 Virginia earthquake was a magnitude 5.8 (M) earthquake in the U.S. state of Virginia on August 23, 2011, at 1:51 PM EDT (17:51 UTC). The focus was northwest of Richmond and from the town of Mineral, Virginia. The earthquake was along the Spotsylvania Fault, an ancient fault line that now sits in the middle of the North American plate. Four aftershocks happened within twelve hours of the main earthquake. The aftershocks had magnitudes 2.8, 2.2, 4.2 and 3.4. About 35 hours after the main earthquake, a sixth aftershock of magnitude 4.5 occurred. As of August 30, there have been 19 aftershocks, most of them minor.

There are very few strong earthquakes east of the Rockies in the U.S. This was only the second magnitude 5.8 in the last last 114 years. The other was the 1944 quake on the New York-Ontario border.

Press reports show that the earthquake could be felt a long distance away from its center. To the south, the earthquake reached Atlanta, Georgia; and to the north, the earthquake reached Quebec City, Quebec. To the west, the earthquake reached Illinois and to the east, the earthquake reached Fredericton, New Brunswick. Damage was reported as far away as Burlington, New Jersey.

Many buildings in the eastern United States are not built strongly enough that earthquakes cannot damage them. In Washington, D.C., the White House, the Capitol building and other buildings were evacuated. In Arlington County, Virginia, a pipe in the Pentagon broke. The pipe flooded two corridors. The Pentagon used an emergency plan put into place after the September 11 attacks to evacuate. Other buildings were evacuated in Philadelphia, Boston and New York City.

Soon after the earthquake, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) ordered airplanes to stop flying along the East Coast. The Air Traffic Control tower at John F. Kennedy International Airport was evacuated. Flights were late at several airports, including John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, Dulles International Airport, and Philadelphia International Airport. At the National Airport, ceiling tiles in the airport terminal fell to the ground, and flights stopped. Washington Metro trains were delayed and run at reduced speeds of 15 miles per hour. This allowed engineers to see if the rails were damaged. Just after the earthquake, many people made cell phone calls. This tied up the AT&T and Verizon Wireless networks. People could not start phone calls for at least 20 minutes.

Buildings in the Washington, D.C. area were damaged, but not severely. The quake damaged three of the Washington National Cathedral's four pinnacles (corner spires) and cracked some of the Episcopal church's flying buttresses. However, buttresses that support the central tower, a prominent part of the city skyline, look normal. The National Park Service found cracks near the top of the Washington Monument. The monument is closed indefinitely. The earthquake knocked off four of the six spires atop the Washington D.C. Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The pieces fell to the ground along with several pieces of marble from the temple's outside wall.

The two nuclear reactors at the North Anna Nuclear Generating Station, from the epicenter, shut down automatically.

Damage in the northeastern United States was minor. In New York state, Governor Andrew Cuomo said the State Office of Emergency Management had no reports of damage to buildings or infrastructure. There were some disruptions, including building evacuations and delays at airports. Amtrak trains arriving and departing from Penn Station were also delayed.

In New Jersey, the state Emergency Management office reported two gas leaks in Gloucester County, with no reports of injuries from either leak. Buildings such a the Temple B'nai Israel in Burlington and a home in Camden were damaged. Government buildings were evacuated, and city workers could go home.

In Boston, the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency reported no injuries or damage. The U.S. District Court in South Boston was evacuated and the University of Massachusetts Boston cut summer classes short and sent all workers home early.

In West Virginia, the Kanawha County Courthouse, the West Virginia State Capitol campus, and several other buildings in downtown Charleston were evacuated. Kanawha County dispatchers received more than 350 calls in 45 minutes but there were no reports of damage to buildings and infrastructure other than minor plaster cracking in the old . Part of a chimney collapsed at the county courthouse in Philippi in Barbour County. The West Virginia Office of Miners' Health Safety and Training stated that West Virginia coal mines were safe following the tremors.

In Delaware, the New Castle County Courthouse in Wilmington and Family Court in Georgetown were evacuated. The press said that blocks fell to the street from the steeple of St. Thomas the Apostle Church. DelDOT crews were sent to all parts of the state to inspect many bridges and roadways including interstate highways and the Indian River Inlet Bridge.

In Pennsylvania, people were told to get out of office buildings in Philadelphia. People were also told to get out of the Bucks County Courthouse in Doylestown. Also, SEPTA Regional Rail trains could only go while tracks were checked for damage and PATCO Speedline trains were also stopped for a short time even though there was no damage. The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation checked bridges for damage. There was no damage to the bridges over the Delaware River owned by the Delaware River Port Authority.

People in eastern Canada also felt the earthquake, mostly in Southern Ontario, as well as parts of Quebec and the Maritimes. A few buildings in Toronto were evacuated. No accidents or damage from the earthquake were reported in Canada.

According to Facebook, the word "earthquake" appeared in the status updates of 3 million users within four minutes of the quake. Twitter said users were sending up to 5,500 tweets per second. This rate of messages was faster than during the death of Osama bin Laden. It was almost the same rate as the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.


TSV Hartberg

The Turn- und Sportverein Hartberg is a football club from Hartberg, Styria. The club is playing in the First league, the second division in Austrian football. Beside the football section the club has 14 others, like chess, Judo and gymnastics.
The club was founded on 29 April 1946. Then the club had two parts, football and handball. In the meantime there are 14.

After a long time in lower classes Hartberg was first promoted to the Landesliga, the highest class in Styrian football, in 1978. 1978/79 the club won the Landesliga, but failed in the relegation tournament for promotion. A year later the club reached the quarterfinals of the Austrian Cup. 1994/95 the club became champion again and was promoted to the Regionalliga Mitte (3rd division). 2006 the team became champion of the Regionalliga Mitte and was promoted to the Ersten Liga (2nd division). Due to reforms of the league Hartberg was relegated the same season. On the last day of the season 2008–2009, TSV Hartberg finished in first poisition of the Austrian third division and was promoted to the 2009–2010 second division where they play at the moment.


The club plays in the Hartberg stadium. It is a multi-purpose stadium for 6000 visitors.

Candidatus

Candidatus is a term in the taxonomy (scientific classification) of bacteria.

It is a label put before the name of a bacterium which cannot be grown on an agar plate or in any other bacteriology culture. An example would be ""Candidatus" Phytoplasma allocasuarinae". Candidatus status may be used when a species or genus is well studied but cannot be cultured. Nowadays much information is got by 16S ribosomal RNA sequence analysis.

For correct publication of a species, bacteria must be isolated, cultured, described, and deposited in a bacteriology culture collection. However, some bacteria require special tissue culture conditions and cannot be maintained in Bacteriology Culture Collections. This includes bacteria which live inside other organisms or cells. These include obligately intracellular pathogens and endosymbionts, insect symbionts, and populations from oceans or sludge. 

In 1994, Murray and Schleifer published a taxonomic note. They recommended that the new category of indefinite rank (Candidatus) be established for certain putative taxa that could not be described in sufficient detail to warrant establishment of a new taxon. It was also recommended that a Candidatus list should be established in the "International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology".

According to the "IRPCM Phytoplasma/Spiroplasma Working Team – Phytoplasma taxonomy group" the abbreviation for Candidatus should be Ca.

Carsonella ruddii

Candidatus Carsonella ruddii is an endosymbiotic gamma proteobacterium. It has the smallest known genome of any bacterium.

The species is an endosymbiont that is present in all species of phloem sap-feeding insects known as psyllids. The endosymbionts occurs in a specialised structure known as the bacteriome.

In 2006 the genome of one strain of "Ca." C. ruddi was sequenced at RIKEN in Japan and the University of Arizona. The genome is a circular chromosome of 159,662 base pairs and has a high coding density (97%) with many overlapping genes and reduced gene length. The number of predicted genes was 182, also the lowest on record (NCBI-Genome). Numerous genes considered essential for life seem to be missing, suggesting that the species may have achieved organelle-like status.

In comparison, "Mycoplasma genitalium", which has the smallest genome of any free-living organism, has a genome of 521 genes.


French Civil Aviation University

The French Civil Aviation University (French: "École nationale de l'aviation civile"), also known as ENAC, is a French public aeronautical "grande école." It was created on 28 August 1949. It has locations in Biscarosse, Carcassonne, Castelnaudary, Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban, Grenoble, Melun, Montpellier, Muret, Saint-Yan and Toulouse, in France. It is a member of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles", the University of Toulouse, and of the Aerospace Valley. It is one of five founders of France AEROTECH.

ENAC provides training in civil aeronautics. The university has around 25 courses. These include aerospace engineering, Masters, "Mastères Spécialisés", and courses for technicians, airline pilots, air traffic controllers, managers and flight instructors (people who teach others to fly planes).

Air travel grew rapidly in France after World War II. Safe air transport required staff trained specifically for this activity. It also required people in different sectors of the aviation world to work together and understand each other. That is why ENAC was started. Max Hymans, the secretary general of civil and commercial aviation, was the chief organiser.

ENAC started on 28 August 1949 (Decree 49-1205) in Paris. The university was in Orly, south of Paris. René Lemaire considers ENAC as "a university of aviation safety". 

A report of the "Inspection générale de l'aviation civile" said: "It was in the minds of the creators of the university, to develop between the crew and the ground staff a community of ideas, reciprocal knowledge, and esteem, that are essential for the teamwork required by air transport." Training courses were longer or shorter depending on specialty.

The decree of 13 October 1959 announced the first partner of the university: Air France. It resulted in a sharing of tasks. It also established recruitment for airline pilots students with no previous flight experience. In 1958, the university had already welcomed the first airline pilots students, on an experimental basis.

ENAC cooperated with the National School of Meteorology. It promoted the teaching of this subject for air traffic controllers. After World War II, ENAC helped the conversion of military aircrew. The "Service de l'aviation légère et sportive" (SALS), under the decree of 31 March 1951, provided free flight training for airline pilot candidates coming from the army.

From 1949 to 1959, the number of courses increased from 6 to 64. The number of students increased from 49 to 800. In 1956, the navigation instructor rating was created. A training programme also started. In 1958, the airline pilot theoretical training course started.

It had rites such as a reception in full uniform by local authorities when university officials and students arrived at a new location.

ENAC Orly also held a yearly trip for all the students. 

The university moved to Toulouse in 1968. The main campus is still there in 2020. It also changed from an external department of the French civil aviation administration to a public administration institution in 1970.

The French Civil Aviation University was started close to Paris-Orly Airport. This l was the largest French airport at the time. It offered easy use of airplanes for a lot of activities such as navigation flights and promotional trips. It was also close to many airlines and aircraft manufacturers or businesses related to the aviation industry. The managers of these businesses often gave lectures and conferences at the university.

Traffic at Paris-Orly Airport grew rapidly at the beginning of the 1950s. In the mid-1950s plans began for a new location near to Parisian airports. The potential locations were all less than 150 km from Paris, for example Melun, Pontoise, Coulommiers, Étampes, Reims, Évreux, Chartres, and Orleans. A report dated 20 May 1959 lists the disadvantages of a location too far from Paris. René Lemaire gave a report on 14 June 1960 in which he supported a transfer to Toulouse. The "École nationale supérieure d'ingénieurs de constructions aéronautiques" settled in Toulouse in 1961 and the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" was also going to move from Paris to Toulouse. 

The construction of new buildings on the campus of Rangueil began in April 1966. The project ended on 19 August 1968. The academic year started on 16 September 1968. 500 students started, including 325 who started their training. These trainees were as follows: 15 air navigation engineering students (mostly from the "École Polytechnique)", 70 engineering students in air navigation from two-years studies after the French Baccalaureate (the main end of school exams in France), 60 airline pilot students, 100 air traffic controller students, 40 electronics students, 20 commercial pilot students and 20 flight dispatcher students.

Before the university opened its doors to its new campus, the "Commission permanente" took into consideration the problem of an inadequate (not good enough) legal status. This problem was old. It was identified soon after the creation of the university. ENAC was supervised closely. There were many inspection reports. On average, these usually happened once every two years, sometimes more often. The management of the institution was judged strictly. In the mid-1950s, some reports said the university was not allowed to exist, for example, the confidential report of Brancourt Controller on 12 March 1952. Some reports said that the university had "a lack of doctrine", and that "there is a certain tension with the training center of Air France", and even that "ENAC is madness".

The final decision is taken by Decree No. 70-347 of 13 April 1970. It was applied on 1 January 1971. ENAC received a board of directors when it became a public administrative institution. René Lemaire was the first president.

From 1975 the proportion of engineering students called "civilians" increased over the "officials" (civil servants) engineering students. it was in 1956 that the first students for the private sector were trained . At the end of 1950s, however, this was only a minority of students. ENAC engineering education, particularly that of the specialty called "facilities" - it focuses on electronics - seduced the industrial sectors of electronics and information technology. Without having particularly desired it, the university became a National University of Engineers.

Industry oriented university research appeared in 1984, following the law on Higher education which provides that "engineering education [...] has a research activity, basic or applied, " and is organized around four areas: electronics, automation, computer and air transport economy. 

The mid 1980s saw the emergence of "mastères spécialisés" programs. They come from an industrial demand, including the "groupement des industries françaises aéronautiques et spatiales", in order to support the export contracts by training. Indeed, while filling the needs of many French students or professionals, they can train foreign executives. The same period saw the diversification of continuing education at the university. The continuing education courses are organized in five main areas: air traffic systems, electronics, computer, aeronautics and languages/humanities.

The international dimension of the university grew in the 1990s.. It consists first in the participation in European projects such as EATCHIP (European Air Traffic control Harmonization and Integration Program), then in joining mobility programs for students such as Erasmus or Socrates. Under these programs, the university welcomes a growing number of foreign students. In doing so, it forges close relations with foreign universities, including those of Berlin and Darmstadt in Germany, and Tampere in Finland. The 2000s are the years of the creation of courses entirely taught in English language and the development of activities focused on air navigation. In 2009, the university and its alumni association organize the first edition of the "salon du livre aéronautique" (aeronautical literary festival) in Toulouse. In December 2010, ENAC becomes an ICAO center for training in aviation security.

The university developed new teaching facilities: the air traffic control simulator "CAUTRA", the aerodrome control simulator "AERSIM", an Airbus A320 flight management system simulator, a static model of the Airbus A321' s engine and the laboratory of telecom networks.

Since the 1st January 2011 and the merging of ENAC with the SEFA, the university is the biggest European aviation university.

In 2013, ENAC starts with the DGAC the consulting company France Aviation Civile Services.

The current head of the university is Olivier Chansou, after Marc Houalla who was SEFA director from 2006 till the 1th of January 2011. He is the eighth person to be director since 1949. He was elected the 27th of November 2017.

As all the equivalent universities in France, ENAC is managed by a President elected by a board of directors. He is member of the three councils of the university :

In addition to these three councils, the university has a director's office which includes communication and cultural affairs, a division of information systems and a general secretariat for legal management, logistics, financial and human resources.

The university spent for its operation 126 million euros in 2011. The budget is up 61.12% compared to 2010 as a result of its merger with the SEFA and consists of:

In consideration for several months, a corporate foundation has been established in September 2011. It aims to guide the training and research council on the changes to be made to the training "Ingénieur ENAC" (ENAC engineer) and to the corporate partnerships. It consists of technical and human resources managers from aerospace companies such as Air France, Airbus, Aéroport de Paris, Rockwell Collins, Thalès, "Aéroconseil"...

ENAC has eight campuses and can provide accommodation. It also has a canteen, cafeteria, library, computer rooms, sports halls including a fitness room, a sports field, a rugby field, five tennis courts, a beach volleyball and a golf driving range. Its main campus is located at Rangueil (Toulouse).

Since its merger with the SEFA, ENAC has eight locations :

ENAC has a fleet of 130 aircraft of different types: CAP-10, Socata TB-10, Socata TB-20, Beechcraft Baron 58, Beechcraft 200, ATR 42, Diamond DA40 (to replace the Socata TB-20) and Diamond DA42 (to replace the Beechcraft Baron 58).

On its Toulouse campus, the university has flight simulator Robin DR400 and Socata TB-20, and also some static simulators of Airbus A320 and Airbus A340.

In the air navigation department, it has control tower simulators (at 120 or 360 degrees).

ENAC has four Bachelor's degree courses to train pilots and aerospace technicians.

ENAC provide theoretical training for pilot students in eight months in its campus of Toulouse. Practical training of 16 months is given in the other campuses of the university in Montpellier, Carcassonne, Saint-Yan or Muret. There is also training for various aviation technicians. It has seven Master's degree programs to train people for both aerospace industry and French civil aviation authority.

Courses of Air traffic controller and Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel are done by the university. The "Ingénieur ENAC" course trains aerospace engineer in three sectors : electronics and aeronautical telecommunications, computer systems and air traffic and aeronautical engineering. The university created in 2007 a Master's degree in International Air Transport Operation Management, in 2011 the course Master's degree in Global Navigation Satellite System supported by the European Commission and in 2012 the Master's degree in Air Traffic Management in partnership with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The Master's degree in Human–computer interaction is realized in cooperation with the Paul Sabatier University.

It provides nine "Mastères Spécialisés" courses in the fields: airport management, air transport management (in partnership with Toulouse Business School), communication - navigation - surveillance and satellite applications for aviation, aviation safety aircraft airworthiness (in partnership with other "grandes écoles"), air-ground collaborative systems engineering, aviation and air traffic management and aerospace project management in partnership with other "grandes écoles".

The former students of the three Master programs, the "Ingénieur ENAC" course, as well as those of the Corps of Bridges and Roads and those of the "Mastères Spécialisés" courses was represented by an association, INGENAC, created in 1988, member of the CNISF (French scientific and engineer council) and in Toulouse. The 16th of March 2012, INGENAC decided to represent all the former students of the university and changes its name to « ENAC Alumni ».

Each course of the university has its own recruitment process.

By hosting each year more than 7,500 students who participate to more than 600 courses, with a turnover of 15 million euros, ENAC is now the largest organization in Europe for aeronautical continuing education. The continuing education of ENAC has been developed in areas which ENAC is well recognized : air traffic, electronics, computer science, aeronautical engineering, aircraft control, ...

Students of the aerospace engineer course can study at the two other "grandes écoles" members of the "groupement des écoles d'aéronautique", and also at the National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse and at Nantes business school. Moreover, as part of France AEROTECH, an exchange of third year engineering students is under elaboration with the "grandes écoles" of this network.

In another country, students have access to the Erasmus programme and to Pegasus. In the aerospace engineer course, the university welcomed 8% of foreign students in 2011. Considering all the courses, this number was 46% in 2010.

The university has also agreements with : Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Florida Institute of Technology, University of California, University of Washington, "École africaine de la météorologie et de l'aviation civile". It also educates people of the "Agence pour la sécurité de la navigation aérienne en Afrique et à Madagascar".

ENAC is a founder of the "Institut sino-européen d'ingénierie de l'aviation" of Tianjin. On this city, the university has four "Mastères Spécialisés" courses at the Civil Aviation University of China only for Chinese students : airport management, aviation safety management - airworthiness, aviation safety management - flight operations and aviation safety management - aeronautical maintenance.

In December 2011, the university signed a partnership with the "École des Ponts ParisTech" and the "Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile" to start an Executive MBA in aviation management for aerospace people in March 2012 at Casablanca.

Research is a growing business at ENAC since 1984, following the law on higher education which provides that « engineer training...contains a research activity, pure or applied ». It was originally organized around four areas : electronics, automation, computer and air transport economy. Mid-2009, the research teams was in the following laboratories : automation - operational research, economy - air econometrics, study - optimization of telecommunications networks architectures, electromagnetism for aeronautical telecommunications, interactive computer, applied mathematics, air traffic optimization and signal processing for aeronautical telecommunications.

ENAC also has, since 2005, a team that maintains and develops "Paparazzi", a free system for unmanned aerial vehicle laboratory. The infrastructure includes also a planetarium and an air traffic control simulator. ENAC is a founding member of the European academy for aviation safety, network of the key training organizations in the field of air safety. During the Paris Air Show of 2005, the university announced a partnership with "Office National d'Études et de Recherches Aérospatiales" in the fields of air traffic management, air safety, satellite navigation, sustainable development and air transport economy.

End of 2011, the university has established a new research organization that are six transverse programs : unmanned aerial vehicles and air traffic management, airports, aircraft and air operations, human-computer interaction, air/ground communications and sustainable development. Everything is now based on four laboratories : applied mathematics - optimization - optimal control - control engineering operations research, signal processing - satellite positioning system - electromagnetism - networks (TELECOM), architecture - modeling - engineering of interactive systems and economics - air transport econometrics.

Several famous pilots have studied at the French Civil Aviation University like Émile Allegret, soldier and member of the French Resistance during the World War II, Xavier Barral (Promotion 1966), former President of the "association des professionnels navigants de l'aviation" (Professional aircrew association), Noël Chevrier (Promotion 1970), antistress center manager at Air France, Gérard Feldzer (Promotion 1971), former President of the "Aéro-Club de France", Bernard Pestel (Promotion 1972), vice president of the "société française de droit aérien" (French Air Law company), Béatrice Vialle (Promotion 1981), one of the two female Concorde pilot and the first French female pilot on a supersonic airliner.

Particularly because of its status of a French civil servant university, some civil servants have been students at ENAC like Jean-Marc de Raffin Dourny (Promotion 1966), President of the "organisme pour la sécurité de l'aviation civile" (organization for the safety of civil aviation), Michel Bernard (Promotion 1967), former head of the "Agence nationale pour l'emploi" and former President of "Air Inter", Paul-Louis Arslanian (Promotion 1968), former head of the French "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile", Jean-Paul Troadec (Promotion 1970), head of the "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile", Patrick Ky (Promotion 1989), head of the EASA, Michel Wachenheim (Promotion 1975), French ambassador.

Some alumni of the university became managers like Yves Lambert (Promotion 1959), former head of Eurocontrol, Gérard Mestrallet (Promotion 1971), CEO of GDF Suez., Jean-Michel Vernhes (Promotion 1971), head of the Toulouse-Blagnac Airport, Jean-Charles Corbet (Promotion 1974), former head of "Air Lib", Olivier Colaïtis (Promotion 1977), President of Galileo, Lionel Guérin, founding President of Airlinair, Philippe Crébassa, head of Toulouse-Blagnac airport, Franck Goldnadel (Promotion 1990), former head of the Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, Régis Lacote (Promotion 1997), head of the Orly Airport, Méziane Idjerouidène (Promotion 2003), general manager of Aigle Azur.

Intellectuals graduated from the university include Jacques Villiers (Promotion 1948), founder of the "Centre d'études de la navigation aérienne" (French air navigation center), Jean Peyrelevade (Promotion 1961), politician and business leader, Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani (Promotion 1963), Moroccan economist and writer, Alain Lefebvre (Promotion 1970), Journalist, Solenn Colléter (Promotion 1993), novelist., Nicolas Tenoux (Promotion 2007), Philanthropist.

In science, personalities like Gabriel Weishaupt (Promotion 1948), founding member of the "Académie de l'air et de l'espace", Jean Robieux, Physicist, Georges Maignan (Promotion 1955), former director of the experimental center of Eurocontrol, Gérard Desbois (Promotion 1979), younger flight engineer graduate and crew member during the first flight of the Airbus A380, have studied at the university.

Some aerospace personalities teach at the university such as Hervé Hallot, meteorology teacher and co-author of "Météorologie aéronautique", Joel Laitselart (TAE 87), air operations teacher and former operations manager of Aeris airline, Patrick Lepourry, head of the engine department and co-author of "Propulseurs aéronautiques", "Instruments de bord" and "Initiation à l'aéronautique", Félix Mora-Camino, head of the control engineering department and co-author of "Avionique - Tome 2, Système de conduite automatique et gestion du vol", Yves Plays (IENAC S71), head of the specialized master in air transport and co-author of "Initiation à l'aéronautique"., or Frantz Yvelin, founder of two French airlines.





Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées

The Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées, often called IPSA, is a private aeronautical university localized next to Paris, Lyon, Marseille and Toulouse in France, in the Île-de-France and Midi-Pyrénées,
The university is part of IONIS Education Group and has been created in 1961.

IPSA was founded in 1961 in Paris by Michel Cazin (private secretary to Louis de Broglie and teacher at the mechanical department of "Conservatoire national des arts et métiers"), Maurice Pradier (aerospace engineer) and Paul Lefort (engineer and professor of helicopter). Twenty students started the training. At that time, the course was in four years and the first promotion is graduated in 1965. The same year, the Alumni association is created in Paris by Maurice Ribonnet. In 1982, the first trip for students is organized in Guyana at the European Space Agency center. The year 1987 saw the university bought by Henri Hertert (IPSA 1976 and pilot at Air France). The institute moved in 1989 into the towers "Les Mercuriales" at Bagnolet, in which it stayed for ten years. Then, beset by financial difficulties, the university is bought by IONIS Education Group in 1999 and moved at Le Kremlin-Bicêtre close to the university EPITA.

In 2005, the Master issued by IPSA is recognized by French State at the higher level, after accreditation by the "Commission nationale de la certification professionnelle". The year 2006 sees the institute hosting the 6th European Congress of the Mars Society to promote the exploration of Mars. In 2007, IPSA opens a second campus in Toulouse, joins the Erasmus programme and concludes double degree agreements with foreign universities. Following its establishment in Toulouse, the university joins the "Institut au service du spatial, de ses applications et technologies" during the year 2008. The next year, IPSA joins Aerospace Valley and moved in Ivry-sur-Seine close to the university ESME-Sudria, before being recognized by the French State in 2010.

In 2011, the university is accredited by the "Commission des titres d'ingénieur". In January 2013, IPSA became member of the "Conférence des directeurs des écoles françaises d'ingénieurs".

The current director is Anne-Ségolène Abscheidt, who is also vice-president of "Ingénieurs et scientifiques de France". This is the tenth person to hold that function since 1961. She was appointed director of IPSA in June 2023.

Member of IONIS Education Group, the group President, assisted by a general manager, is the President of the university. He is a member of the four directorates of the university:

IPSA wants to be close to other universities with a strong theoretical training for research and development jobs in order to graduate engineer in aeronautical and space engineering with a good general knowledge in aerospace.
The course is in five years with five possibilities in the fourth year: "energy, spacecraft propulsion and engine", "mechanics and aircraft structure", "telecommunications, radar and radio navigation", "embedded system", "mechatronics". The students choose also one minor from ten: "Entrepreneurship", "business marketing", "association management", "Research Management", "Conduct of an international project", "project personnel development", "Board and consulting", " human resource management", "cultural management", "financial management".

In the fifth year, four options are available independently of the choice made in the fourth year: "Avionics", "Aeronautical Systems Design", " Space Systems Design" and "Management and Industrial Logistics".

The particularity of the university is to offer from the first year lessons relating to aeronautics in addition to basic scientific education and to provide a large part in project-based teaching throughout the curriculum.
Students also have the opportunity to attend a technical and managerial course sanctioned by a Master of Business Administration in "business and international negotiation" of the "Institut supérieur de gestion" in addition to the diploma of the university, or to make the last year of studies in a foreign university in partnership with IPSA. Eleven months of internship are planned in the curriculum.

After graduation, graduates are represented by the association "AAEIPSA" (IPSA Alumni association). They work, for 70% of them, in the aerospace industry, mainly in research and development (46%) and in the Île-de-France region (57%).

Admission to the university is possible after a "Baccalauréat" by succeeding to the competition "Advance" organized in partnership with EPITA and ESME-Sudria. In total, the three universities offer approximately 900 places. It is also possible to integrate the university in the second, third or fourth year studies for students coming from a two-years degree after the "Baccalauréat", Bachelor or Master.

Since 2017, IPSA has also some Bachelor's degree program in aerospace.

Partnerships allowing students to obtain a Master of Science with the degree of IPSA exist with Shenyang University in China, Cranfield University in UK, Moscow State University in Russia, the "Université Laval" in Canada and the National Cheng Kung University in Taiwan.

Students can also use the Erasmus programme.

The university has also other partnerships with Arizona State University, San Diego State University, University of California at Davis and Monash University.

Research at IPSA is realized in 2011 by three laboratories : 3D computer graphics - calculation, mechatronics and fluid mechanics applied to aerodynamics.

The laboratory of 3D computer graphics and calculation creating new algorithms to solve problems of processing and analysis of signals and images. It works in partnership with the "laboratoire des signaux et systèmes" (L2S) (signals and systems laboratory) (agreement signed in 2010), a laboratory of the French National Centre for Scientific Research based at "Supélec".

"IPS'action" association has launched in 2006 the « UNIV'air » challenge in order to present to people research projects in partnership with the "Association Aéronautique et Astronautique de France" and other universities such as the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" or EPF.

In 2008, an aircraft without pilot project named « Hélitronix » and realized by students and researchers of the mechatronics laboratory was selected during the « "Minidrone" » challenge funded by the General Directorate for Armament and organized by the "Office National d'Études et de Recherches Aérospatiales". The same laboratory works on the « Perseus project » which consists of the development of rockets from the "Centre national d'études spatiales", in partnership with « "AéroIPSA" » student association.

Moreover, IPSA participates to « "ASTech Paris Région" ». It contributes at its development in many sectors : aircraft engine, onboard energy, aircraft design, material, training and research, and maintenance.

In November 2011, the fluid mechanics applied to aerodynamics laboratory created in 2009 has adopted a new calculation tool allowing for the end of 2011 the commissioning of a digital wind tunnel.

Several managers have studied at the university, like Cyril Bourlon de Rouvre (1965), French businessman and politician, Philippe Harache (1976), former Executive Vice-President "customers" Eurocopter, Christian Gras (1983), Executive Vice-President "customers" Eurocopter or Éric Boullier (1999), Team principal McLaren.
Stéphane Gaillard (1997), Technical Assistant to Vice President development flight test Airbus, Gilles de Richemond (1997), head of IT of AccorHotels, Julien Simon-Chautemps (2002), race Engineer Marcus Ericsson Sauber, Nicolas Tenoux (2007), airline pilot and manager, and Maxime Cadé (2018), Fencer, are also alumni of IPSA.





Büsingen am Hochrhein

Büsingen am Hochrhein often just known as Busingen, is a German village. It is part of the German state "(Bundesland)" of Baden-Württemberg. The village belongs to the district "(Kreis)" of Konstanz. Büsingen has an area of about . About 1,350 people live there. The village is the only exclave of Germany. It is surrounded by territory that belongs to Switzerland.

A 680-metre wide strip of Swiss land separates the village from the rest of Germany. The village next to Büsingen is the Swiss village Dörflingen.

There are no border controls between Büsingen and Switzerland because Büsingen is in a customs union with this country. The two countries agreed this in 1964 and the treaty became law in 1967. At the same time another even small part of West Germany separated from the rest of the country by land belonging to Switzerland, called Verenahof became part of the Swiss village of Büttenhardt.

Because the village is completely surrounded by Swiss territory, but is politically German, many things exist twice there. Büsingen has for example two postal codes and residents may have phone numbers from two countries. The official currency is the Euro. However, most things like electricity and cable television come from Switzerland and have to be paid in Swiss francs. Büsingen depends heavily on Switzerland in economics.

Büsingen only has one elementary school. Pupils can attend the school there up to the fourth grade. After this, the parents have to decide whether the children should attend a German or a Swiss school.

A Swiss Postbus connects the village to the Swiss city Schaffhausen the Swiss villages Dörflingen, Buch and Ramsen and the German village Randegg.

Most people who live in Büsingen, work in Switzerland and earn their salary in Swiss francs. 

Büsingen has a large proportion of residents who are retired people, many are Swiss, because they pay little or no tax on their pensions. 

About 30% of the resident population of Büsingen hold a Swiss passport.

The oldest finds in the area of Büsingen date back to the Bronze Age. The village was first mentioned in historical documents in 1090. The area belonging to the village contains the sites of two abandoned villages.

CAE Global Academy Phoenix

CAE Global Academy Phoenix (formerly Sabena Airline Training Center) is a private flight school (airline pilot training) in Mesa, Arizona, USA. The school is located at Falcon Field airport and has 49 aircraft including 15 Diamond DA20-C1, 10 Diamond DA40, 4 Diamond DA42-L360, 11 Piper Archer, 8 Piper Arrow and one Beechcraft 90. The school has also three flight simulators.

In 1991, Belgian government gives the "École d’aviation civile" created in 1953 to Sabena airline. It is renowned first Belgian Aviation School and then Sabena Air Training Center. The same year, it was decided to carry out practical training in flight to Phoenix in U.S.A because the weather in Arizona allows flights 365 days per year in a high and complex air traffic. Following that decisions, the school is created as a subsidiary of Sabena Flight Academy and under the name of Sabena Airline Training Center.
In 2008, following the absorption of the Belgian school by CAE, the US subsidiary is also purchased. The school becomes part of the CAE Global Academy network and is renamed CAE Global Academy Phoenix.


Mastère spécialisé

A Mastère Spécialisé (MS), also called Specialized Master or Advanced Master, is a French degree (created in 1986) that a person gets after completing a Master's degree and then continuing to study in a Grande École in some specific field. These students are considered to possess more advanced knowledge of the field that they study, as compared to those who only get a Master's degree.

The course takes one year to complete, including at least four months of practical internship.

The history of the Mastère Spécialisé starts in 1986. During the end of the 1980s, the "Commission des titres d'ingénieur" required that a student spend two years in a school to graduate with the French Master's degree. But a lot of foreign students sometimes came one entirely year in the French schools and came back to their own country without a degree. Also, the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System was not yet adopted by all the schools.

Otherwise, companies in France was looking for graduated students with specialized skills, for jobs in key sectors.

For these two reasons, the French "Conférence des Grandes Écoles" has created the Mastère Spécialisé.

Beaumaris Castle

Beaumaris Castle (, Literal translation: "beautiful marsh") was a castle built in Beaumaris, Anglesey, Wales by King Edward I of England. King Edward built the castle to help him take over North Wales. It was one of several castles built along the North Wales coast.

The castle was started in 1295 and work stopped in 1330. The castle was left unfinished. Small amounts of money were spent in the 1330s and 1400s to maintain (keep up) the castle. However, these payments were stopped. By 1609, the castle was a ruin. In 1642, money was spent on repairs. No more work was done and it became a ruin again. In 1925, Richard Williams-Bulkeley placed Beaumaris Castle in state care. Since then, it has been fixed and maintained. In 1986, the castle was placed on the World Heritage List. Today, Beaumaris is cared for by Cadw, an environmental service run by the Welsh Government. It is open to visitors.


University of Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines

Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines is a French public university. It was created in 1991 in the department of Yvelines. Since 2002, it has been in Hauts-de-Seine. It is mainly in the cities of Versailles, Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines, Mantes-en-Yvelines and Vélizy-Villacoublay and Rambouillet. It has eight campuses.

The school has 19,000 students, 752 staff people and 1389 teachers and researchers. 285 teachers outside of the university come each year to give courses.

The subjects taught are the sciences, the social sciences, the political sciences, engineering, technology and medicine. It also has courses about the relationship between economy, ethics, natural environment and sustainable development.

The university has a logo showing a white sunrise on a green earth referring to the sustainable development, major theme of the university. 

Like all the other French universities, UVSQ is managed by a President elected by the Board of directors. He is member of the three councils of the university. 

UVSQ has seven faculties: science, social science, law and political science, Île-de-France West medical training and research faculty, institute of languages ​​and international studies, institute of cultural studies, and the higher institute of management.

UVSQ as a postgraduate school in engineering, called ISTY, and two University Institutes of Technology. There is also a training center for apprentices (called "CFA d'Alembert"). The university also has PhD graduate schools.

Its main library, opened in June 2002. Its area is ​​ and it has 100,000 books. In total, the university has six academic libraries with about 200,000 books, 5,000 digital books and 26,000 magazines and newspapers.

In September 2011, 31 associations are approved by UVSQ. They are in science, social sciences and humanities, law, medicine, humanitarian-social-environment, communication, entertainment, thought and politics. 14,226 students were at the university in 2004. 




Cuthbert

Saint Cuthbert (c. 634 – 20 March 687) was an Anglo-Saxon monk, bishop and hermit associated with the monasteries of Melrose and Lindisfarne in the Kingdom of Northumbria, at that time including, in modern terms, northern England as well as south-eastern Scotland as far north as the Firth of Forth. Afterwards he became one of the most important medieval saints of England, his cult being centred at Durham Cathedral. Cuthbert is regarded as the patron saint of northern England. His feast day is 20 March.

In 676 he began the life of a hermit and retired to a cave on Lindisfarne. After a time he settled on one of the Farne Islands, south of Lindisfarne, and made his life more simple. 

In 684, Cuthbert was chosen to be bishop of Lindisfarne, at a synod at Twyford (believed to be present-day Alnmouth), but was unwilling to leave his retirement and take up his charge. It was only after a visit from a large group, including King Ecgfrith, that he agreed to return and take up the duties of bishop. He was consecrated at York on 26 March 685. After Christmas, 686, however, he returned to his cell on Inner Farne Island, which was where he eventually died on 20 March 687 AD. He was buried at Lindisfarne, and his remains later moved to Durham Cathedral.

Durham Cathedral

The Cathedral Church of Christ, Blessed Mary the Virgin and St Cuthbert of Durham (usually known as Durham Cathedral) is a cathedral in the city of Durham, England, the seat of the Anglican Bishop of Durham. The Bishopric dates from 995, with the present cathedral being founded in AD 1093. The cathedral is known as one of the finest examples of Norman architecture. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The present cathedral replaces the 10th century "White Church" built as part of a monastic foundation to house the shrine of Saint Cuthbert of Lindisfarne. The treasures of Durham Cathedral include relics of St Cuthbert, the head of St Oswald of Northumbria and the remains of the Venerable Bede. 

Durham Cathedral occupies a strategic position on a promontory high above the River Wear. The cathedral is a major tourist attraction, the central tower of 217 feet (66 m) giving views of Durham and the surrounding area.

There are many famous people who are interred (buried) in the Cathedral and in the surrounding grounds including Bishop Alfred Tucker.


Lofoten

Lofoten is an archipelago and a traditional district in the county of Nordland, Norway. Though lying within the Arctic Circle, Lofoten has one of the world's largest higher temperature anomalies relative to its high latitude.

Lofoten is well known for its natural beauty within Norway. Lofoten includes the municipalities of . The main islands, running from north to south, are
whilst further to the south are the small and isolated islands of Værøy and Røst. The total land area amounts to 1,227 km², and the population totals 24,500.

Between the mainland and the Lofoten archipelago is the vast, open Vestfjord, and to the north is Vesterålen. The main towns in Lofoten are Leknes in Vestvågøy and Svolvær in Vågan.

The islands have for more than 1,000 years been the centre of great cod fisheries, especially in winter, when the cod migrate south from the Barents Sea and gather in Lofoten to spawn. In the lowland areas, particularly Vestvågøy, agriculture is important and has been so since the Bronze Age.


Black hole information paradox

The black hole information paradox is a phenomenon in astrophysics. It is when quantum mechanics and general relativity are put together. In 2004, Stephen Hawking introduced the studies which supported the theory. 

This phenomenon states that the information of a physical system can be lost when it enters a black hole. The object that falls into a black hole, only keeps information about its spin, mass and charge. However, quantum mechanics suggests that information cannot be lost. This makes it a paradox and serious problem.

It is said that all objects that fall into a black hole are reset.

Sabena Flight Academy

CAE Global Academy Brussels Sabena Flight Academy is a Belgian flight school created in 1953. It is in Steenokkerzeel (Brussels Airport). The school trains airline pilot and is part of CAE Global Academy.

The origins of the school for airline pilots start in 1953. It was when the Belgian government, which owns the aircraft, contracted the operation thereof to Sabena under the name "École d’aviation civile" (EAC). The training parts are conducted at the airfield of Grimbergen in a building which no longer exists. Basic training is done through the De Havilland DH82A "Tiger Moth" replaced in 1968 by Siai Marchetti SF260. The advanced training is entrusted to the Saab Safir 91B, replaced in 1958 by the Cessna 310B and in 1981 by the Embraer Xingu.

In 1991, the government gives the "École d’aviation civile" to Sabena airline. It is renowned first Belgian Aviation School and then Sabena Air Training Center, and the school moved into a new building at Brussels National Airport. It was decided to carry out practical training in flight to Phoenix in U.S.A because the weather in Arizona allows flights 365 days per year in a high and complex air traffic. Despite the bankruptcy of Sabena in 2001, the activities didn't stop. In 2004, the school was sold to two former managers of Sabena and became the Sabena Flight Academy.

It was finally absorbed in 2008 by CAE. This was done as part of a larger program to complete a global training network: the CAE Global Academy



1988 Pacific hurricane season

The 1988 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1988 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1988 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1988. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Despite there being twenty-three tropical cyclones, there were very few notable storms this year. Only four storms came anywhere near to threatening land. Tropical Storm Aletta and Hurricane Kristy both caused minor flooding in Mexico. Elsewhere, Uleki was a central north Pacific hurricane that crossed the dateline and became a typhoon. In addition, Tropical Depression Seventeen-E and Tropical Storm Miriam both entered from the Atlantic Ocean, were they were called Hurricane Debby and Hurricane Joan, respectively.



Period 5 element

A period 5 element is an element in the fifth period (row) of the periodic table. It contains 18 elements, beginning at Rubidium and ending at Xenon.

Period 5 elements have electrons in the first five electron shells. All period 5 elements have one or more electrons in the fifth electron shell (valence electrons). When atomic number increases by one, another electron is added. Two electrons join the 5s orbital, ten electrons join the 4d orbital, and six electrons join the 5p orbitals.

Period 6 element

A period 6 element is an element in the sixth period (row) of the periodic table. It contains 32 elements, beginning at Caesium and ending with Radon. The Lanthanides (also called the rare earth elements) are part of this period. The lanthanides stretch from lanthanum (57) to lutetium (71).

Period 6 elements have electrons in the first six electron shells. All period 6 elements have one or more electrons in the sixth electron shell (valence electrons). When atomic number increases by one, another electron is added. Two electrons join the 6s orbital, 14 electrons join the 4f orbital, ten electrons join the 5d orbital, and six electrons join the 6p orbitals.

Period 7 element

A period 7 element is an element in the seventh period (row) of the periodic table. It contains 32 elements, beginning at francium and ending with oganesson. The Actinides are part of this period. They are all really radioactive. As of 2016, period 7 elements are the last period of elements that have been made.

Period 7 elements have electrons in the first seven electron shells. All period 7 elements have one or more electrons in the seventh electron shell (valence electrons). When atomic number increases by one, another electron is added. Two electrons join the 7s orbital, 14 electrons join the 5f orbital, ten electrons join the 6d orbital, and six electrons join the 7p orbitals.

Caroline Wozniacki

Caroline Wozniacki (born 11 July 1990) is a Danish professional tennis player. As of January 2018, she is the number 2 ranked female tennis player in the world. She used to be world number one. In her career, she has won one Grand Slam (2018 Australian Open) and 23 singles tournaments on the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour. She also reached the finals of the 2009 and 2014 U.S. Open. She lost to Kim Clijsters and Serena Williams.

Wozniacki was born in Odense to Polish Catholic immigrant parents. She was engaged to golfer Rory McIlroy until 2014.

Algeciras

Algeciras is a city in the south of Spain. Is on the Mediterranean coast, in the Bay of Gibraltar. It is also the most important port in the country.

In 2009, about 116,209 people lived in the city. The municipal area is 86 km². It is approximately 20 km to the north of Africa.

The city has a long history. It was founded by phoenicians. Named Iulia Traducta by the Romans in the First Century.
In 711, Arab from the North of Africa invaded the city and renamed it "Al-Yazirat al-Hadra" (green island). In 1344 the city was conquered by Alfonso XI of Castile but it was reconquered by moors in 1369, ten years before Algeciras was destroyed.

In 1704 the city was refounded by Gibraltarians refugees.

Luke Mitchell

Luke Mitchell (born 17 April 1985) is an Australian actor from Queensland. Now living in Sydney, he is known for his role as Romeo Smith on the soap opera "Home and Away". He is presently dating his co-star Rebecca Breeds who plays Ruby Buckton on Home and Away.

Chris Smalling

Christopher Lloyd Smalling (born 22 November 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Manchester United.

Jonny Evans

Jonathan (Jonny) Grant Evans (born 2 January 1988) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Leicester City and Northern Ireland.

94||3

Danny Welbeck

Daniel Nii Tackie Mensah Welbeck (born 26 November 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for club Brighton & Hove Albion.

Manchester United

Arsenal

England U19

Individual


Rafael Pereira da Silva

Rafael Pereira da Silva (born 9 July 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Manchester United.

Fábio Pereira da Silva

Fábio Pereira da Silva (born 9 July 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Manchester United.
He's the twin brother of Rafael Pereira da Saliva

Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty

An Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) is an area of countryside considered to have significant landscape value in England, Wales or Northern Ireland. Natural England designates them on behalf of the United Kingdom government. Natural Resources Wales designates them on behalf of the Welsh Government. The Northern Ireland Environment Agency designates them on behalf of the Northern Ireland Executive.

The chief purpose of the AONB designation is to conserve and enhance the natural beauty of the landscape, with two secondary aims: meeting the need for quiet enjoyment of the countryside and having regard for the interests of those who live and work there. To achieve these aims, AONBs rely on planning controls and practical countryside management.

As they have the same landscape quality, AONBs may be compared to the national parks of England and Wales. AONBs are created under the same legislation as the national parks, the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949. Unlike AONBs, national parks have their own authorities, have special legal powers to prevent unsympathetic development, and are well known to many inhabitants of England, Wales and Northern Ireland. 

There are 35 AONBs in England, four in Wales, one (Wye Valley) that is in both England and Wales and nine in Northern Ireland. The first AONB was awarded in 1956 to the Gower Peninsula, south Wales. The most recently confirmed is the Tamar Valley AONB in 1994. The smallest AONB is the Isles of Scilly (1976), , and the largest AONB is the Cotswolds (1966), . The AONBs of England and Wales together cover around 18% of the countryside in the two countries.

Chaturanga

Chaturanga is the earliest known form of chess, 6th century AD.

This precursor of modern chess originated in the northern Indian subcontinent during the Gupta empire. 'Chaturanga' translates as 'the four divisions', meaning infantry, cavalry, elephantry, and chariotry. They were the four divisions of an Indian army at the time, and no doubt the game was thought of as a war-game. At that time the game had no female piece: what we now call the queen was called "Mantri", meaning a minister or advisor.

The game eventually spread to the rest of the world after the Muslim conquest of Persia. It was then called Shatranj.

From the beginning until the end of the 15th century the pieces we call bishops and queens had limited movement, and it took longer to get the pieces into action. In modern chess, the original pieces evolved into the modern pawn, knight, bishop, and rook, respectively.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David and Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford Companion to Chess" 2nd ed, Oxford University Press. </ref>

Shatranj

Chatrang, or Shatranj, was the name given to the early game of chess when it travelled to Persia and then to the Arab world.

In Sassanid Persia around 600 the name became Chatrang and the rules were developed further, and players started calling "Shāh!" (Persian for 'King') when threatening the opponent's king, and "Shāh māt!" (Persian for 'the king is finished') when the king could not escape from attack. These exclamations persisted in chess as it traveled to other lands.

The game was taken up by the Muslim world after the Islamic conquest of Persia, with the pieces largely retaining their Persian names; in Arabic "māt" or "māta" مَاتَ means "died", "is dead". In Arabic, the game became Shatranj. In all other languages, the name of the game is derived either from "shatranj" or from "shah".

One interesting fact is that the Arabs divided their game into the same three stages which we do today: opening, middlegame and endgame.

At the start of a game, the Arabic masters took a number of moves before the pieces were in contact with the other side.

The following table provides a glimpse of the changes in the names and character of chess pieces, as they passed from one culture to another, from India through Persia to Europe:

Ice cap

An ice cap is a large mass of ice. 

Ice caps cover less than 50 000 km² of land area. Sheets of ice covering more than 50 000 km² are called ice sheets. 

Ice caps are usually in high areas, but they are not limited to them.

Carbon–hydrogen bond activation

Carbon–hydrogen bond activation or C-H activation is a reaction that breaks a carbon–hydrogen bond. Most times, the reaction involves organometallic complexes. The reaction path has coordination of a hydrocarbon to the inner-sphere of the metal atom (“M”). The reaction path includes either an intermediate “alkane or arene complex” or as a transition state leading to a "M-C" intermediate. The reaction path makes C-H activation different from other reactions. During the C-H breaking event the hydrocarbyl group remains linked in the inner-sphere and under the influence of the metal atom.

Chemists study C-H activation because for many years chemists believed that C-H bonds were unreactive. Theoretical studies and experiments now show that C-H bonds can be broken. This is done by a nearby metal atom changing the electron distribution of the C-H bond (coordination). Much chemical research looks at the design and synthesis of new reagents and catalysts that can affect C-H activation. The goal of this research is the conversion of cheap and abundant alkanes into valuable functionalized organic compounds.

Otto Dimroth discovered the first C-H activation reaction. In 1902, he reported that benzene reacted with mercury(II) acetate, but some scholars do not view this reaction as being a C-H activation. Goldman & Goldberg later wrote, C-H activation looks like H-H activation: both can be achieved by electrophilic or oxidative addition. The first true C-H activation reaction was reported by Joseph Chatt in 1965 with insertion of a ruthenium atom ligated to dmpe in the C-H bond of naphthalene. 


Egyptian literature

Egyptian literature is some of the earliest known literature. The Egyptians were the first culture to develop the book.

The ancient Egyptians wrote on papyrus. They also wrote on walls, tombs, pyramids, obelisks, and more. A well-known example of ancient Egyptian literature is the Story of Sinuhe;

Alexandria became an important center of early Christianity from around the 1st to 4th century CE. Writing by Coptic Christians was important to Christian literature at that time.The Nag Hammadi library protected some books from being lost or destroyed.

Muslim Arabs controlled Egypt by the eighth century. Libraries and literature were important in Arab Egypt. Several important changes for writers happened at this time. Cloth paper replaced papyrus. Writers began using calligraphy. Also, writers began to write mostly about Islam. The earliest novel written in Egypt was Ibn al-Nafis' "Theologus Autodidactus". It was an early science fiction and religious novel.

In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the Arab world experienced a cultural change like the Renaissance. This was called al-Nahda movement. It touched nearly all areas of life, including literature. One of the most important people from this time was Naguib Mahfouz. He was first Egyptian to win the Nobel Prize in Literature. Another important modern writer was Muhammad Husayn Haykal. He wrote "Zaynab" in 1914. It is an Islamic novel and is called the first modern Egyptian novel.




Phormium tenax

Phormium tenax ("harakeke" in Māori, New Zealand flax) is an evergreen perennial plant from New Zealand and Norfolk Island. It is an important fibre plant and also a popular garden plant.

The plant grows as a clump of long, straplike leaves up to two meters long. It grows a much taller flowering shoot, with dramatic yellow or red flowers.

The fibre from the plant was used by the Māori of New Zealand to make baskets. It was also used in rope and sail making. after the arrival of Europeans up until at least WWII

In other countries "Phormium tenax" is an invasive species. On Saint Helena it is taking over the land from the critically endangered species "Elaphoglossum dimorphum".

The jumping spider "Trite planiceps" lives in the rolled-up leaves of this species. "Phormium tenax" grows on the coast where it is important in the breeding habitat for the endangered Yellow-eyed Penguin.

Several forms of this species have been selected for cultivation as decorative garden plants including: The Royal Horticultural Society in England gave an Award of Garden Merit to the plant.



Extensive reading

Extensive reading is a way of learning a language, especially a second or foreign language, by reading large mount of texts.

"Free voluntary reading" is one name for extensive reading in first language education. Learners can choose a book that they like and to read it quickly or slowly. A free voluntary reading program is to help students to enjoy reading, so there are often no grades. In some schools this approach is also called "Drop Everything and Read" (DEAR).

In 1988, Day and Bamford described extensive reading for learning a second or foreign language. Students read as much as possible. Reading materials should use simple grammar and vocabulary so learners feel comfortable. Learners should read many different kinds of writing about different subjects. 

Many extensive reading programs use special series of books. These books use simplified grammar and vocabulary. They may be original stories, but many are shorter, easier versions of classic books.

Many teachers and some learners believe that extensive reading alone is enough to improve vocabulary. McQuillan and Krashen also believe this.However, other researchers say that extensive reading alone is not enough. Cobb and Parry have done research to show that there is a limit. Extensive reading may not improve vocabulary as much as people thought, especially for less common words.

30 Minutes or Less

30 Minutes or Less is a 2011 action-comedy-crime movie that was produced by Stuart Cornfeld, Ben Stiller and Jeremy Kramer and was directed by Ruben Fleischer. "30 Minutes or Less" was released on August 12, 2011 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 45% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 51 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Chemical education

Chemistry education is the study of the teaching and learning of chemistry. Topics in chemistry education include understanding how students learn chemistry and how best to teach chemistry. Researchers in chemistry education try to improve learning results by improving teaching methods and training chemistry teachers. Researchers study many teaching modes, including: classroom lecture, demonstrations, and laboratory activities.

There is a world-wide shortage of chemistry teachers. This is because people with science training can get jobs that pay more outside of teaching. It is hard to keep science teachers. More than 45,000 math and science teachers left teaching in the United States just after the 1999–2000 school year.

There are several different ways of thinking about chemistry education. One is a "practitioner’s perspective". The people who teach chemistry define chemistry education by their actions.

Another is defined by a self-identified group of "chemical educators" (faculty members and instructors who focus on teaching rather than focus on chemical research). Dr. Robert L. Lichter, then-Executive Director of the Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation, speaking in a plenary session at the 16th Biennial Conference on Chemical Education (recent BCCE meetings: ,), posed the question “why do terms like ‘chemical educator’ even exist in higher education, when there is a perfectly respectable term for this activity, namely, ‘chemistry professor.’" One criticism of this view is that few professors bring any formal preparation in education or background about education to their jobs. Most chemistry professors do not have a professional perspective on teaching and learning efforts. They may not know about effective teaching methods and how students learn.

A third perspective is "chemical education research" (CER). Following the example of physics education research (PER), CER tends to take the theories and methods developed in pre-college science education research and applies them to understanding comparable problems in post-secondary settings. (CER also tries to improve pre-college chemistry instruction). Like science education researchers, CER practitioners tend to study the teaching practices of others as opposed to focusing on their own classroom practices. Chemical education research is typically carried out "in situ" using human subjects from secondary and post-secondary schools. Chemical education research collects both quantitative and qualitative data. Quantitative methods typically involve collecting data that can then be analyzed using various statistical methods. Qualitative methods include interviews, observations, journaling, and other methods common to social science research.


SC Rheindorf Altach

The SC Rheindorf Altach is a football club from Altach,Vorarlberg. The club is playing in the Austrian First league, the second division in Austrian football. The official name is Cashpoint Sportclub Rheindorf Altach, due to sponsorship of Austrian sports betting company Cashpoint.

The second team (SC Altach Juniors) is playing in the Vorarlbergliga (4th level).
The club was founded on 26 December 1929 as the football section of the gymnastics and sports club Turnerbund Altach. 1930 they started to play in Vorarlberg football. In 1937 the club was dissolved and started again in 1946 as Sportvereinigung Altach . In 1949 this club was dissolved and the football section started under today's name SC Rheindorf Altach. 

In 1986 they won the Landesliga for the first time and were promoted to Regionalliga West (3rd division). After some up and downs they could establish themselfe in the first league at the beginning of the 2000s. 2005/06 they won the league and were promoted to the Bundesliga where they played till the 2008/09 season. Since then they played again in the first league where they always played for the champion title but they failed every time marginal . In the 2010/11 season they finished second only one point behind Admira/Wacker Mödling.

In the 2013–14 season they won the league and were promoted to the Bundesliga. 2014–15 they finished 3rd in and qualified to UEFA European League. In the 2015-16 season they finished 8th and avoided relegation by five points. 2018-19 and 2019-20 they finished 8th, 2020-21 10th. The 2021-22 season was not good. Due to the fact that Altach is at the end of the table headcoach Damir Canadi was dismissed in December 2021. In January 2022 Ludovic Magnin became new headcoach of the team. After the return og Magnin to Swizerland Miroslav Klose became new headchoach. 

The club has also a amateur team playing in the Vorarlbergliga (4th division). A football academy is also part of the club. ( AKA Hypo Vorarlberg).


The team is playing in the Cashpoint Arena (Stadion Schnabelholz).

Hurricane Irene

Hurricane Irene was a 2011 Atlantic hurricane, which reached Category 3 on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale, that struck the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola and the Bahamas, resulting in very serious damage. It also struck the East Coast of the United States and Canada. It formed on August 20 and dissolved on August 29. In summer/autumn 2011, the name Irene was retired from future use. It was replaced by Irma for 2017.

Jean-François de Galaup, comte de Lapérouse

Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse (1741—1788) was a French navigator who explored the Pacific Ocean. He died when his ship was wrecked in the New Hebrides during 1788. He met the English when they arrived in Australia with the First Fleet in January 1788. After a short stay in Botany Bay, he sailed away into the Pacific.

Anna Hazare

Kisan Baburao Hazare known as Anna Hazare (born 15 June 1937) is an Indian social activist. He is known for developing a village called Ralegaon Siddhi in India. He played a large part in the 2011 Indian anti-corruption movement. He has served in the Indian Army. He won the third highest award in India, the Padma Bhushan.

In April 2011, he started an indefinite hunger strike to pressurize the Indian Government to accept his demands on corruption. The Government accepted his demands later, and he ended his fast.

In August 2011, he started another hunger strike. This time, he wanted the Government to pass an Ombudsman bill. He ended the fast after the Parliament of India accepted his demands. This movement got a lot of support from city people across India.

Hazare has been criticized for many things like his strong views on justice, and forced vasectomy to control population.

He was born as kisan baburao hazare in ralegon siddhi village near ahmednagar as a eldest son of baburao hazare and laxmi bai. his father was an unskilled laborer and the family struggled to make end meet. Anna hazare tooks upon himself the responsibility of education and took him to mumbai where he was admitted into local school. however, due to financial strains the relative had to stop the boy's education while in seventh standard. Anna hazare strat his livlehood by selling flowers on railway stations.


He was the only one man behind the transformation of village ralegan siddhi from the poverty ridden, hopeless place with huge population of alcoholics and drug addict to a "model village" based on sustainable development. he played a key role in persuading the Government of India to pass the The Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013. Anna hazare had been campaigning for years, often going on indefinite fasts in his bid to make the government take action towards creating a strong anti-corruption act.

Simone Weil

Simone Weil (3 February 1909 in Paris, France – 24 August 1943 in Ashford, Kent, England), was a French philosopher, gnostic, Christian mystic, and activist for social justice and soteriology of Jewish descent.



BBC Knowledge Magazine

BBC Knowledge Magazine was a magazine made by the BBC. It had articles about science, nature and history. The magazine was launched in North America, in 2008. It closed in November 2012. It reprinted articles from "BBC Focus Magazine", "BBC History Magazine" and "BBC Wildlife Magazine". It was available in many countries and was edited by different people. A digital version of "BBC Knowledge Magazine" was available.

The magazine was chosen as one of the top ten magazines of 2008 by Library Journal. 

Norman Manley International Airport

Norman Manley International Airport , formerly Palisadoes Airport, is an airport in Kingston in Jamaica. It is operated by NMIA Airports Limited. It is one of Air Jamaica's hubs, Sangster International Airport being the other. It is also one of Caribbean Airline's hubs, and is the hub for Skylan Airways. It was named in honour of Norman Washington Manley, one of Jamaica's national heroes. More than 130 international flights leave Norman Manley International Airport each week. The airport is on the Palisadoes tombolo in outer Kingston Harbour; it fronts the city on one side and the Caribbean Sea on the other.


Song Jin-woo

Song Jin-woo ( Hanja 宋鎭禹, May 8 1889-December 30 1945), the Republic of Korean (대한민국; 大韓民國) politician, educationist, journalist, and founder of Korean Democratic party (한국민주당; 韓國民主黨), the Dong-A Ilbo(동아일보; 東亞日報). He is also known by his pen name Goha (고하; 古下).

when 1945, He was assassinated Provisional Government of Republic of Koreas(대한민국 임시정부; 大韓民國임시정부) Guard a terrorist organizations Baekuisa(백의사; 白衣社), aged 56. After he died he was given the Order of Merit for National Foundation(건국훈장; 建國勳章) in 1962.



Karl Decker

Karl Decker (September 5, 1921 - September 27, 2005) was an Austrian footballer and football coach. He played most of his time for First Vienna FC as midfielder.
He started with minor clubs in Vienna and came to First Vienna FC in 1937. He played in this team until 1952. During the time Nazi Germany controlled Austria, he and his team were very successful.

Decker played eight times for the German national football team. After World War II, he played 25 matches for the Austrian team between 1945 and 1952. In 1944 and 1950, he was the top scorer in the league. He also played for S.K. Sturm Graz (Austria), Sochaux (France) and FC Grenchen (Switzerland).

He was coach of Sturm Graz (1952–1954), FC Grenchen (1956–1958) and SK Rapid Wien (1968–1970). With Rapid, he reached the quarter finals of the European Champions Cup and won in the third round against Real Madrid. In the quarterfinals, they lost against Manchester United.

Between 1958 and 1964, he was coach of the Austrian national football team. In this time, the team was very successful. They won against Scotland (4:1), USSR (3:1 and 1:0), Spain (3:0 in front of 90.726 visitors, the record crowd in Austria), Italy (2:1), England (3:1) and Hungary (2:1 and 2:1). They qualified for the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile but the ÖFB did not have enough money to send the team to the competition. The Decker era was one of the best for Austria's national football team.

Mohammed bin Hammam

Mohammed bin Hammam (Arabic: محمد بن همّام; born 8 May 1949) is a Qatari who used to be a football administrator and the AFC President (1 August 2002 to 14 June 2011).

During the 2022 FIFA World Cup bidding, Mohammed bin Hammam was rumored to have bribed officials, so that Qatar can host.

Bisphenol A

Bisphenol A (BPA) is an organic compound which has two phenol functional groups. It is used to make polycarbonate plastic, epoxy resins, and other things.

Scientist discovered in the mid 1930s that people and animals react to BPA in the same way that they react to hormone (oestrogen-like effects.) Some stores stopped selling products made with BPA in 2008 because government reports said BPA was not safe for humans. Many news stories wrote about BPA safety. 

A 2010 report from the United States Food and Drug Administration said that contact with BPA could hurt fetuses (unborn children), infants and young children. In September 2010, Canada became the first country to say that BPA was a toxic substance. In the European Union and Canada, BPA cannot be used to make baby bottles.

Bisphenol A damages the way hormones regulate (control) the human body (endocrine disruptor). BPA can pretend to be the body's own hormones. BPA may cause health problems. Very young children are most sensitive to BPA. Some studies have shown that there is a link (connection) between BPA exposure before birth and later problems of the nervous system. Health organizations have decided how much BPA (in a substance) is safe for people. But new studies have caused other scientists and health organizations to disagree with these decisions. A 2011 study that investigated the number of chemicals to which pregnant women in the U.S. are exposed found BPA in 96% of women.

In 2009, The Endocrine Society said it was worried about current human exposure to BPA.

In 2011, the United Kingdom Food Standards Agency's chief scientist said "the evidence [is] that BPA is rapidly absorbed, detoxified, and eliminated from humans – therefore is not a health concern."

In 2007, 38 experts on bisphenol A wrote a consensus statement which said average levels in people are above those that cause harm to many animals in laboratory experiments. However, the experts noted that 1) BPA is not persistent in the environment or in humans, 2) biomonitoring surveys indicate that exposure is continuous, 3) it is hard to use acute animal exposure studies to estimate daily human exposure to BPA, and 4) no studies that had examined BPA pharmacokinetics in animal models had followed continuous low level exposures. The measurement of BPA levels in human serum and other body fluids suggests that either BPA intake is much higher than previously thought or that BPA can bioaccumulate in some conditions such as pregnancy, or both. A 2011 study, the first to examine BPA in a continuous low level exposure throughout the day, did find an increased absorption and accumulation of BPA in the blood of mice.

In 2007, 153 government-funded BPA experiments on lab animals and tissues found adverse effects and 14 did not. In contrast, all 13 studies funded by chemical corporations reported no harm. The studies indicating harm reported a variety of harmful effects in rodent offspring exposed in the womb: abnormal weight gain, insulin resistance, prostate cancer, and too much mammary gland development. 

A panel convened by the U.S. National Institutes of Health in 2007 determined that there was "some concern" about BPA's effects on fetal and infant brain development and behavior. The concern over the effect of BPA on infants was also heightened by the fact that infants and children are estimated to have the highest daily intake of BPA. A 2008 report by the U.S. National Toxicology Program later agreed with the panel, expressing "some concern for effects on the brain, behavior, and prostate gland in fetuses, infants, and children at current human exposures to bisphenol A," and ""minimal" concern for effects on the mammary gland and an earlier age for puberty for females in fetuses, infants, and children at current human exposures to bisphenol A." The NTP had ""negligible" concern that exposure of pregnant women to bisphenol A will result in fetal or neonatal mortality, birth defects, or reduced birth weight and growth in their offspring."



Joe Clark

Charles Joseph "Joe" Clark (born June 5, 1939) is a politician from Canada. He served as Canada's Prime Minister from 1979-1980. He was elected Prime Minister when he was 40 years old, making him the youngest Prime Minister in Canadian history.

Norfolk Broads

The Broads are a network of mostly navigable rivers and lakes in the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. The Broads, and some nearby land were made into a special protected area (like a national park) by "The Norfolk and Suffolk Broads Act" of 1988. The Broads Authority has managed the area since 1989.

The total area is , mostly in Norfolk, with over of navigable waterways. There are seven rivers and 63 broads, mostly less than deep. Thirteen broads are generally open to navigation, with a further three having navigable channels. 

Although the terms Norfolk Broads and Suffolk Broads are used to identify specific areas within the two counties respectively, the whole area is frequently referred to as the "Norfolk Broads". 

Boko Haram

Boko Haram is a branch of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The name of the group means "Western" or "non-Islamic" education is a sin. The group is centred in Borno State in northeastern Nigeria. It wants to make Islamic law the only law in Nigeria. It also wants to outlaw education that is not based on Islam. The group sees itself as similar to the Taliban, which are active in Afghanistan. Locally, the group is known as the "Taliban". The official name of the group is "Jama'atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda'awati wal-Jihad", which in Arabic means "People Committed to the Propagation of the Prophet's Teachings and Jihad." They also call themselves 'Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP).

The group was formed in Maiduguri, Borno State, in 2002. Its insurgency began in 2009. They follow an extreme version of Sunni Islam. Local residents of the area soon called the group Boko Haram. Loosely translated from the local Hausa language, this means Western education is forbidden. Residents gave it the name because of its strong opposition to Western education, which it sees as corrupting Muslims. The term "Boko Haram" comes from the Hausa word 'boko' meaning "Animist, western or otherwise non-Islamic education" and the Arabic word 'haram' figuratively meaning "sin" (literally, "forbidden").

Boko Haram opposes not only Western education, but Western culture and science as well. The group also forbids the wearing of shirts and trousers and the act of voting in elections. In its view, the Nigerian state is run by non-believers.

In a 2009 BBC interview, Mohammed Yusuf, the group's leader at the time, said he rejects the fact that the earth is a sphere and views it as contrary to Islam, along with Darwinism and the fact that rain comes from water evaporated by the sun.

Boko Haram often carry out bombings, kidnappings and shootings, as well as arson and looting. They have killed thousands of people in Africa, attacking civilian and military targets. There are many terrorist activities for which Boko Haram have claimed responsibility: 

Boko Haram is not associated with the group Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta which fights against the oil industry in the Niger Delta, since 2006.

On 14 April 2014, Boko Haram kidnapped 276 teenagers from a secondary school in Chibok, Borno. Boko Haram killed at least 100 people in Baga, Borno, in January 2015. About 620 buildings were damaged or destroyed by fire.

In the mid-2010s, Boko Haram extended its activities into Cameroon, Chad and Niger. It became part of Islamic State in March 2015.

Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta

The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta is one of the largest militant groups in the Niger delta. Many people in the delta are poor. The has contracts that allow international companies to extract crude oil in the delta. This extraction causes very big damage to the environment. According to the magazine "The Economist", the organization wants more of the profit of the oil extraction to go to the poor region, where the oil is extracted. According to the magazine, the organization is used by several armed groups; these groups are sometimes paid to launch attacks. The payment is done either with weapons or with money. It has been linked to attacks on petroleum operations in Nigeria as part of the Conflict in the Niger Delta, engaging in actions including sabotage, theft, property destruction, guerrilla warfare, and kidnapping.

Its stated goals are to localize control of Nigeria's oil and to secure reparations from the federal government for pollution caused by the oil industry. In an interview with one of the group's leaders, who used the alias Major-General Godswill Tamuno, the BBC reported that it was fighting for "total control" of the Niger Delta's oil wealth, saying local people had not gained from the oil under the ground and the region's creeks and swamps." 

In a January 2006 email, it warned the oil industry, "It must be clear that the Nigerian government cannot protect your workers or assets. Leave our land while you can or die in it... Our aim is to totally destroy the capacity of the Nigerian government to export oil." It has called upon President Olusegun Obasanjo to free two jailed Ijaw leaders — Mujahid Dokubo-Asari, who is jailed and charged with treason, and Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, a former governor of Bayelsa State convicted of corruption. Obasanjo's successor, President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua authorized the release of Dokubo-Asari and Alamieyeseigha in 2007.

Urbanization

Urbanization (or urbanization) is a term from geography. The base of the word is the Latin "urbs", which means city. The term urbanization refers to the process of a rural area turning into an urban area. This can happen in two different ways:
Physical urbanization has been observed for centuries. In developing countries this is the main form of urbanization. In developed countries, functional urbanization is the main form of urbanization. With functional urbanization, people living in the city center move to the countryside, next to the city; this is known as suburbanization.

Environmental scientists are studying the urban heat island. The urban heat island is made when industrial and urban areas are developed and heat becomes plentiful. Environmental impacts also include reducing soil moisture and more carbon dioxide emissions.

Stewart Brand's book "Whole Earth Discipline" argues that urbanization helps the environment overall. First, the birth rate of new urban dwellers falls and keeps falling. This can prevent overpopulation in the future. Secondly, it puts a stop to destructive subsistence farming methods, like slash and burn agriculture. Finally, it reduces land use by humans, leaving more for nature.


Moliniana

Moliniana was a botanical journal issued between 1955 and 1966 in Santiago, Chile. Its contents were botany, phytochemistry and related topics. Gunckel, Looser and Navas were writers.
 

You Suffer

"You Suffer" is a song by the British grindcore band Napalm Death. It is from their first album, "Scum". The "Guinness Book of Records" has mentioned the song as the shortest recorded song ever. It is precisely 1.316 seconds long.

The song was written by band members Nicholas Bullen and Justin Broadrick. This was during the sessions for the "From Enslavement to Obliteration" demo recording in March 1986. The song is featured on the album "Scum", released in 1987.

According to Broadrick, "You Suffer" was meant as a joke. He called it "retarded", "ridiculous" but "hilarious". He added that they played the song "in front of 30 local kids, like, every weekend." for about thirty times.

Nic Bullen said that the short length of the song was inspired by Wehrmacht's 1985 song "E!"

Zak Smith quotes the lyrics to the song, which he describes as the ""shortest" punk song on the subject of suffering (or any subject)" at the conclusion of his memoir "We Did Porn".

A music video produced by Earache records was released for the song in March 2007. This was on the same day that the "Scum" dualdisc was released.

Frankie Fredericks

Frank "Frankie" Fredericks (born 2 October, 1967) is a Namibian runner. 

Fredericks was born in Windhoek. He went to college at Brigham Young University in the United States. 

Fredericks won silver medals in the 100m and 200m in the 1992 and 1996 Olympics. He won gold medals at the World Championships and World Indoor Championships. He used to be the 200m world record holder, and is still the 200m indoor record holder. He finished 4th at the 2004 Olympics, even though he was 36 years old. 

After the 2004 Olympics, he retired and became a member of the International Olympic Committee. He is the only person from Namibia to medal at the Olympics. He has also ran the 200m in less than 20 seconds more times than anyone else.

Jagged Little Pill

Jagged Little Pill is the third studio album and the first to be released internationally by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette. The album saw Morissette changing her style and genre. Morissette's sound in the album was rock, but her previous songs were dance pop. The title is a metaphor for lessons of life that are hard to accept. The album was Morissette's breakthrough album, and contained six hits, "You Oughta Know", "Ironic", "You Learn", "Hand in My Pocket", "Head over Feet", and "All I Really Want". The album spent twelve weeks at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart. By 2009, the album had sold 33 million units worldwide. It was ranked by the "Billboard" 200 as the number one selling album of the 1990s.

During the three consecutive years in the late 1990s of Grammy Awards, Morissette received five wins out of nine nominations from the album. In 1996, she won the Album of the Year & Best Rock Album. Her 1997 nominations such as "Ironic" for Record of the Year & Best Music Video in Short Form did not win her an award. But in 1998, she won again for Best Music Video in Long Form from her release of "Jagged Little Pill, Live". In October 2002, "Rolling Stone" ranked it number 31 on its "Women In Rock - The 50 Essential Albums" list, and in 2003 the magazine ranked it number 327 on its list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". The album also holds a title in "The Definitive 200 Albums" list, in which it is placed at number 26.


Jack Layton

John Gilbert "Jack" Layton (July 18, 1950 – August 22, 2011) was a Canadian politician and the Leader of the Official Opposition. He was the leader of the New Democratic Party from 2003 to 2011, and previously sat on Toronto City Council. He was the Member of Parliament for the riding of Toronto—Danforth from 2004 until his death.

He was a son of Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Robert Layton (1925-2002). He was born in Montreal and raised in Hudson, Quebec. He rose to prominence in Toronto municipal politics where he campaigned tirelessly for the needs of ordinary citizens and for environmental issues. Eventually, he became head of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. In 2003, he was elected leader of the NDP on the first ballot of the convention, and the NDP almost doubled its popular vote in the 2004 election.

Thirty seven NDP MPs were elected under Layton in the 2008 election. In the 2011 federal election, he led the NDP to a historic total of 103 seats and formed the Official Opposition. Although recovering from illness, Layton campaigned tirelessly, and inspired many people. Importantly, the NDP had increased its number of Quebec MPs from one to fifty-nine seats, almost eliminating the previous Bloc Québécois MPs. 

Layton died at his home in Toronto on August 22, 2011, aged 61, after suffering from cancer of unknown primary origin. Layton's body had a lying-in-state before a state funeral was held in Toronto. He was married to fellow MP Olivia Chow.

Green politics

Green politics is a kind of politics that has been on the rise since the 1970s. The parties and movements that follow these ideas are usually called "green":

Greens have been most successful in Germany.


Green Party

A green party is a political party based on green politics.

Green Party or Greens Party may also refer to:


QRpedia

QRpedia is a web system for mobile devices, like mobile phones. It uses QR codes to show Wikipedia articles to people. The articles are shown in the user's own language.

A user uses their mobile device to scan a QRpedia QR code. The device decodes the QR code into a web address. The address has the domain name "qrwp.org". The last part of the web address is the title of a Wikipedia article.

The device sends a request for the article to the QRpedia web server. It also transmits the name of the language used by the device.

The QRpedia server then uses Wikipedia's API to find out if there is a version of the specified Wikipedia article in the language used by the device. If there is, it sends back the article in a mobile-friendly format. If there is no translation of the requested article, then the QRpedia server offers a choice of the available languages. It also offers a Google translation.

In this way, a single QRcode can be used to find the same article, in many languages. QRpedia also records usage statistics.

QRpedia was invented by Roger Bamkin, then chairman of Wikimedia UK, and Terence Eden. who is a mobile web consultant. It was unveiled on 9 April 2011 It was unveiled at Derby Museum's "Backstage Pass" event. The event was part of the GLAM/Derby collaboration between Derby Museum and Art Gallery and Wikipedia. During the collaboration, over 500 Wikipedia articles were also created. The articles were in several languages. The project's name is a made-up word, using the initials "QR" from "QR (Quick Response) code" and "pedia" from "Wikipedia".

The project's source code is has a MIT License. This means that anyone can use it, free.

QRpedia is used at:
QRpedia is also used in other kinds of places. For example, the Occupy movement uses it on their posters.


Gun Hägglund

Karin Gunvor Sjöblom Hägglund (2 March 1932–19 August 2011) was Swedish television star. She is better known as Gun Hägglund. Hägglund is the first female in Sweden who presented news on television. She was the news presenter of Aktuellt in 1958.

Hägglund was born in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden and died in Visby. She was married to the Swedish news editor Karl-Axel Sjöblom. Both hosted and moderated the popular Swedish TV show "Halv sju". Her husband died in 1982. Hägglund died in 2011 after a short illness.

Her career started in 1955 when she started working for the Swedish radio. She was a secretary and program announcer. In 1958, she moved to television shows and became the first female in Sweden to present the news. Hägglund presented the national news show Aktuellt. Furthermore, she worked as a translator. She translated movies and TV shows.

For 30 years, until 1997, Hägglund was involved in the "Swedish National Association of Promotion of Cycling". First she was Secretary-General and later Executive Chairman. In that position, she published some books about cycling.

Conrotatory and disrotatory

These terms describe two classes of an electrocyclic reaction (a type of organic chemical reactions). In a conrotatory mode, the substituents located at the ends of a conjugated double bond system move in the same (clockwise or counterclockwise) direction during ring opening or ring closure. In a disrotatory mode, they move in opposite directions.

An example is the conversion of trans-cis-trans-2,4,6-octatriene to cis-dimethylcyclohexadiene (top of figure). The orbital mechanics of the reaction needs a disrotatory mode. The orbital symmetry of the octatriene's highest occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) requires for the end pi orbitals to move in opposite directions to form the correct symmetry found in the sigma bond.

Thermal rearrangements of all conjugated systems containing 4n + 2 pi electron are stereospecific. This is based on preservation of orbital symmetry in the highest occupied molecular orbital. Systems containing 4n pi electrons show the opposite conrotatory mode. This is also true for rearrangements of 4n + 2 pi (where n is a whole number) electrons driven by light (photoinduced). Photoinduced rearrangements of 4n pi electron systems (where the number of electrons is divisible by 4) follow the disrotatory rule.

The Woodward–Hoffmann rules summarize the above different reactions.

The following picture also shows the difference between conrotatory and disrotatory reactions:


Catherine Deneuve

Catherine Deneuve (born 22 October 1943) is a French actress. She is the daughter of two well-known actors. She has two sisters; Françoise Dorléac (1942-1967) and Sylvie (born 1946), also both actresses, the former was killed in a car accident. She has a maternal half-sister, Danielle (born 1937).

She began acting on movies as a teenager. Her first major role is in Jacques Demy's 1964 movie "Les Parapluies de Cherbourg". She has since then worked with some of the greatest movie directors, notably Roman Polanski's in "Repulsion" (1965), and Luis Buñuel's in "Belle de Jour" (1967) and "Tristana" (1970) and François Truffaut's in "Le Dernier Métro" (1982). She made a commercial for the perfume "Chanel No 5". She is a close friend of fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent.

She married British photographer David Bailey from 1965 to 1972. She has had relationships with movie director Roger Vadim (1928-2000), with whom she had a son, Christian Vadim (born 1963), and Italian actor Marcello Mastroianni (1924-1996), with whom she had a daughter, Chiara Mastroianni (born 1972). Both her children are actors.

Samir Bargachi

Samir Bargachi, ( , (born 10 September 1987) is a Moroccan LGBT rights activist. He is the founder and leader of Kifkif, the first LGBT organization in Morocco.

Bargachi is an atheist.

Odontoceti

The Odontoceti is a suborder of the cetaceans. They are the toothed whales.

The Odontoceti includes all the whales which eat prey larger than plankton. Examples are: sperm whales, beaked whales, dolphins, and others. As the name suggests, the suborder has teeth rather than the baleen of Mysticeti whales. This means they are predators of small to large sized prey. 

The Sperm Whale "Physeter", the Killer Whale "Orca" and the Pilot Whale "Globicephala" all take large prey. By means of co-operation, Killer Whales can take prey larger than themselves, up to and including Blue Whale calves. Sperm Whales are specialist feeders on giant squid.

There are about 73 species.


Allen Telescope Array

The Allen Telescope Array (ATA) was developed by the SETI Institute and the Radio Astronomy Laboratory (RAL) at the University of California, Berkeley to construct a radio interferometer that is dedicated to radio astronomy observations. At the same time, it is also used for the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.

The ATA is at the Hat Creek Radio Observatory, northeast of San Francisco, California. The goal is to have 350 antennas. To start, 42 antennas (ATA-42) were put to work on 11 October 2007. However, a lack of money stopped operations in April 2011. In August 2011, ATA got short-term funding. In 2012 UC Berkeley quit the project.

It is named after Paul Allen, the co-founder of Microsoft. Its old name was the One Hectare Telescope (1hT).


Herring gull

The herring gull ("Larus argentatus" or European herring gull) is a large gull (up to 26 inches or 66 cm long). It is the most abundant and best known of all gulls along the shores of western Europe. It breeds across Northern Europe, Western Europe, Scandinavia and the Baltic states. 

Some herring gulls, especially those resident in colder areas, migrate further south in winter, but many are permanent residents, e.g. in the British Isles, Iceland, or on the North Sea shores. European herring gulls are also abundant around inland garbage dumps, and some have even adapted to life in inland cities.

The taxonomy of the herring gull / lesser black-backed gull group is very complicated, with different authorities recognising between two and eight species.

This group has a ring distribution around the northern hemisphere. Differences between adjacent forms in this ring are fairly small, but by the time the circuit is completed, the end members, herring gull and lesser black-backed gull, are clearly different species.

Lesser black-backed gull

The lesser black-backed gull ("Larus fuscus") is a large gull that breeds on the Atlantic coasts of Europe. It is migratory, wintering from the British Isles south to West Africa. It is a regular winter visitor to the east coast of North America, probably from the breeding population in Iceland.

This species breeds in colonies on coasts and lakes. It makes a lined nest on the ground or a cliff. Normally, three eggs are laid. In some cities the species nests in towns and cities, often with herring gulls.

They are similar in size but slightly smaller than the herring gull. The taxonomy of the herring gull / lesser black-backed gull group is very complicated. Different authorities recognise between two and eight species. This group has a ring distribution around the northern hemisphere. Differences between adjacent forms in this ring are fairly small, but by the time the circuit is completed, the end members, herring gull and lesser black-backed gull, are clearly different species.

The only species it might be confused with in Europe is the great black-backed gull. Lesser is a smaller bird, with slimmer build, yellow rather than pinkish legs, and smaller white "mirrors" at the wing tips. 

The bill is yellow with a red spot. When the young peck the red spot, The adults feed them by regurgitation. This is an inherited behaviour called a fixed action pattern or releaser. 

Arab Indonesians

Arab Indonesians are citizens of Indonesia. Their origin is Arab, and they are mainly from Hadrami. Until 1919, they were part of Dutch East Indies' law. Some people later gained economic power through real estate investment and trading. Currently, most of them can be found in Java and South Sumatra. They are almost all (generally orthodox) Muslims.

Indonesia has had contact with the Arab world for hundreds of years. This was even before the development of Islam in Indonesia. Most contact was with spice traders. The first Arab settlements in the archipelago may have started in the fifth century. These early communities took over much of the local culture. Some of them disappeared completely while others formed ethnic groups.

Modern Arab Indonesians are descended from Hadramis, who came to Indonesia during the Dutch colonial period. The men often married native women. They were classified as "foreign orientals" along with Chinese Indonesians. This class stopped them from going to certain schools and also restricted their travel. They were also only allowed to live in special Arab districts, called "kampung Arab" in Indonesian. These laws were removed in 1919.

The community elites began to build economic power through trade and real estate investment. They bought large amounts of real estate in Batavia (modern-day Jakarta), Singapore and other parts of this area. Arab Indonesians did charity work, and built and protected their social capital. Eventually, some Arab Indonesians joined the "Volksraad", the people's council of the Dutch East Indies.

During the Indonesian National Awakening, Arab Indonesians began to oppose native Indonesians and the Dutch. This caused the formation of organizations which were only for Arab Indonesians in 1913. These organizations viewed the Arabian peninsula as their homeland. In 1934, Abdurrahman Baswedan founded an Arab Indonesian nationalistic movement, Persatoean Arab Indonesia.

Azyumardi Azra described Arab Indonesians as people who wish to remove local religious elements from Indonesian Islam. Indonesian critics of Arab influence in Indonesia point to the founding of the radical group Jemaah Islamiah (JI). Their leader is Laskar Jihad (LJ). After the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001 and the 2002 Bali bombing, the community came under suspicion.

First generation immigrants are called "wulāytī" or "totok". They are a small minority of the Arab Indonesian population. The majority, "muwallad" (plural form: "muwalladīn"), were born in Indonesia and may be of mixed heritage.

The majority of Arab Indonesians live on Java, mostly in East Java. Some live in South Sumatra.

Arab Indonesians are almost all Muslim. According to the 2000 census, 98.27 percent of Arab Indonesians are Muslim, compared to 88.22 percent of the whole population. Historically, most have lived in "kauman", or the area around mosques, but this has changed in recent years. The majority are Sunni, people who follow the Shafi'i school of Islamic law. The Shia are a growing minority. Children are often sent to madrasahs.

The Islam practiced by Arab Indonesians is more orthodox than the local, indigenous-influenced forms like "abangan". Many Arab Indonesians try to convince local Muslims to follow a more orthodox form of Islam as well.



Christina Aguilera (album)

Christina Aguilera is the first album by American singer Christina Aguilera, released on August 24, 1999. The success of this album made Aguilera the Best New Artist at Grammy Awards of 2000.

Alien hand syndrome

Alien Hand Syndrome (also known as anarchic hand, AHS or Doctor Strangelove Syndrome) is a condition that seems to cause a person's hand to move on its own. 

Christina Aguilera discography

This is the discography for Christina Aguilera. She has released six studio albums, twenty solo singles, four video albums, and twenty-seven music videos.

My Kind of Christmas

My Kind of Christmas is a Christmas collection by Christina Aguilera, released on October 24, 2000.


Stripped

Stripped is the fourth studio album by American singer Christina Aguilera. The album sold over 13 million copies. Music critics gave it mixed reviews.

It was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2004 Grammy Awards.

"Dirrty" was released as the album's first single. The video was directed by Dave LaChapelle. It was protested in Thailand.

The album's second single "Beautiful" won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 2004.

The third single, "Fighter", got good reviews from music critics.

"Can't Hold Us Down" had Lil' Kim rapping in it. It was nominated a Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 2004 Grammy Awards.

The album's last single "The Voice Within" was released August 15, 2003.

Back to Basics

Back to Basics is the fifth studio album by Christina Aguilera. Released on August 9 2006.

Keeps Gettin' Better: A Decade of Hits

Keeps Gettin' Better – A Decade of Hits is the first greatest hits by American singer Christina Aguilera, released on 2008.

Bionic

Bionic is the sixth studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera, released on June 4 2010, the album was produced by new group of producers.



Burlesque (soundtrack)

Burlesque: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album by American singers Christina Aguilera and Cher. It was recorded for the movie "Burlesque".

Dorothea Sophie of Neuburg

Dorothea Sophie of Neuburg (Dorothea Sophie; 5 July 1670 – 15 September 1748) was a Countess Palatine of Neuburg by birth and later the wife of the two sons of Ranuccio II Farnese, Duke of Parma. 

Married to the Hereditary Prince of Parma in 1690, she was the mother of two children including the future Queen Elisabeth of Spain. Her first husband died after just three years of marriage. Remaining in Parma she was engaged to her brother-in-law, the new Duke of Parma. 

Retiring from the court at the death of her last husband, her grandson the future Charles III of Spain conquered Parma after the extinction of the Farnese and Dorothea Sophie acted as regent of the state till his official majority in January 1735. She died aged seventy-eight just weeks before her second grandson Infante Felipe of Spain became the next duke of Parma. 



F.C. Blau-Weiß Linz

FC Blau-Weiß Linz is an Austrian football club from Linz, Upper Austria. The team is playing in the Austrian Football Bundesliga after promotion in the 2023-24 season.
The club was founded in 1997 as follow up team for FC Linz and SV Austria Tabak Linz. They played with the licence of SV Tabak in the Upper Austrian Landesliga (4th division). After three years they reached the title and were promoted to the Regionalliga Mitte. In the 2003/04 season the won this league but failed in the relegation matches versus BSV Bad Bleiberg, so they stayed in the league. After this there was a decline they were even relegated to the Landesliga, but came back the following season. In the 2010/11 season they finished second behind the LASK Juniors, which were not allowed to promote. In the relegation matches they won versus WSG Wattens after penalty shooting and were promoted to the First League. 2012/13 they lost the Relegationmatches versus SC-ESV Parndorf 1919 and were relegatet into the Regionalliga Mitte. 2015/16 they were champions in the Regionalliga Mitte and were promoted again to the First League. In the 2020-21 season the became Champion of the 2. Liga. They had not asked for a licence for the Bundesliga so they stayed in 2. Liga. In the 2022-23 season they were promoted to the Bundesliga

Since spring 2021 they play in the Hofmann-Personal Stadion because the Donauparkstadion, their traditional homeground, will be new built till 2023. After almost two years of construction, the stadium was opened by the city of Linz with a celebration on 5 July 2023. The opening game between FC Blau-Weiß Linz and PSV Eindhoven (1:2) took place ten days later.

The club is thought as successor to the former club VOEST Linz.This team merged with LASK to FC Linz but soon was inhaled by LASK. The club colours blue and white are that of former VOEST Linz. Also the fans see themself in this tradition.



Yinghuo-1

Yinghuo-1 was a Chinese spacecraft. People planned for it to be China's first interplanetary mission. Yinghuo-1 was supposed to orbit and study the planet Mars. It was launched with the Russian spacecraft Phobos-Grunt. The spacecraft got into space, but something went wrong and it could not escape earth's gravity. 

The name "Yinghuo" means firefly in Chinese.

Aldershot

Aldershot () is a town in the English county of Hampshire, about 60 km (37 miles) southwest of London. The town is administered by Rushmoor Borough Council. The town has a population of 33,840, while the Aldershot Urban Area, a loose conurbation (which also includes other towns, such as Camberley, Farnborough, and Farnham) has a population of 243,344, making it the 30th-largest urban area in the UK

Aldershot is home to professional football team Aldershot Town who compete in the Football Conference. Prior to 1992 the local club was Aldershot, which folded on 25 March 1992, while playing in the Football League Fourth Division

Aldershot is known for its connection with the British Army. This led to rapid growth from a small village to a Victorian town. Today, Aldershot is known as the ""Home of the British Army"".

Cuckoo (Mineral, Virginia)

Cuckoo is a Federal style house in the small unincorporated area Cuckoo, Virginia near Mineral, Virginia. The house was built in 1819 for Henry Pendleton. On August 19, 1994, Cuckoo was added to the list of National Register of Historic Places. The house is near the U.S. Route 33, which curves around the house. Cuckoo has Federal details and Colonial Revival elements from the early 20th century. The house is known for its design, prominence and its association with the Pendleton family of doctors. The house was named for the Cuckoo Tavern. The Pendleton family owns the house since its construction.

The first construction had a two storied front section with a one-story extension to the rear. The dining room and the winter kitchen were in the one-story section. Between 1839 and 1907 the house was owned by Dr. Philip Barbour Pendleton. He added a second floor to the rear part of the house and extended the main roof to cover the new rooms of the house. A later generation of Pendletons rebuilt the house in the Colonial Revival style after 1910. They added the present Neoclassical portico. The next owners, Anne Pendleton Forrest and Dr. William Mentzel Forrest, added to the back a design by architect Stanislaw J. Makielski of Charlottesville. The complex includes a number of outbuildings, including two separate doctor's office buildings, a garage, barn, a house for smoking, and the Pendleton family cemetery.

Cuckoo is a house made of bricks. It has two floors and a center-hall which is divided into three parts. Single rooms are flanking the stair hall. The house has a porch on its entire front. A semicircular closet with a small window is between the fireplaces of the rooms to the right of the center hall. The fireplaces and chimneys are on both sides of the elevation. The Makielski addition to the back of the house has a porch that echoes the curve of the closet. The addition includes a back stairway.

The small doctor's office was probably built in the early-to-mid 19th century for Dr. Robert Barret. It is to the north of Cuckoo, and was moved to Cuckoo by Dr. Philip Barbour Pendleton before the American Civil War. The large doctor's office was built around 1888 for Dr. Eugene Pendleton. It was expanded to also include his son's practice around 1908. It was moved to Cuckoo in 1910 when Eugene moved there. The office was moved again in 1972 when the highway was built, and was used as a medical office by Dr. Eugene Barbour Pendleton until 1979. A house for smoking was built in the late 19th century, and a barn in the early 20th century. A garage was built in the 1930s. 

The Pendleton cemetery is in an oak grove at the top of a small rise about 1/4 mile from the house. It is surrounded by a low stone wall. The cemetery has three gravestones and several unmarked graves.

Cuckoo was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 19, 1994. The house was damaged in the 2011 Virginia earthquake. The tall chimneys broke down. 

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (or CDC) are a United States federal agency under the Department of Health and Human Services. CDC main office is in Druid Hills, a neighborhood in northeastern Atlanta, Georgia. It works to protect public health and safety. It provides information to enhance health decisions. It promotes health as a partner with state health departments and other organizations. When an infectious disease or bad food can cause health problems, the CDC will tell the nation how to fight it. The CDC works on environmental health, occupational safety and health, health promotion, injury prevention and education activities designed to improve the health of the people of the United States.
The CDC Foundation is separate from CDC as a private, nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization. It is incorporated in the State of Georgia. Section 399F of the Public Health Service Act created the foundation to help the CDC work with the private sector.


Maria Anna of Austria

Maria Anna of Austria (Maria Anna Josepha; 7 September 1683 – 14 August 1754) was an Archduchess of Austria as she was a daughter of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor. She would become Queen consort and regent of Portugal by her marriage to John V of Portugal. She was the Regent of Portugal from 1742 until 1750 during the illness of her spouse. In Portugal she was commonly known as "Mariana". 

The fifth of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperors children by Eleonore Magdalene of Neuburg, she was baptised "Maria Anna Josepha". She was born in Linz as the Austrian royal family had to flee Vienna from the Turkish army which destroyed the capital. Maria Anna was a sister of two future Holy Roman Emperors Joseph I and Charles VI. Through Charles VI, she was an aunt of Empress Maria Theresa. Her first cousins included Elisabetta Farnese as well as Charles II of Spain. 

On 27 October 1708 she married her first cousin John V of Portugal. Both of their mothers were sisters. Maria Anna thus became Queen of Portugal as the wife of the ruling king. She was the mother of six children:

In 1742 Maria Anna took over power as regent after her husband suffered a stroke, which left him partially paralyzed. When John V died on 31 July 1750 she gave up power to their eldest son Joseph I of Portugal. She died at he Palace of Belém in 1754. Her body was buried in Lisbon, her heart was brought to Vienna and buried there in the imperial crypt.



In the Zone (album)

In the Zone is the fourth studio album by Britney Spears, released on November 13, 2003. She wrote or co-wrote some songs of the album: "Me Against the Music", "Showdown", "Early Mornin", "Touch of My Hand", "The Hook Up", "Shadow", "Brave New Girl" and "Everytime".


Brooklyn Botanic Garden

Brooklyn Botanic Garden (BBG) is a park in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City. The park has many different plants from many parts of the world. It is near the Prospect Heights, Crown Heights, and Park Slope neighborhoods. The area of the garden is . It includes several special gardens or plant collections. The Steinhardt Conservatory which has the C.V. Starr Bonsai Museum is also there. The garden was founded in 1910.


SKN St. Pölten

Sportklub Niederösterreich St. Pölten is a football club from St. Pölten the capital of the Austrian federal state Lower Austria. St. Poelten plays in the Austrian Football First League, the second division in the Austrian football league system.

SKN St. Poelten was founded in June 2000. The new club took over all belongings of the predecessor, FCN St. Poelten .Most important was the ownership of the Bundesliga junior center. Through this the club did not enter in the lowest class but was allowed in the 2nd League West, the fifth level of Austrian football.

The next two seasons they won the championships and reached the Regionalliga Ost(3rd division).In the 2003/04 season the club reached the 4th place. The following season the club reached sixth place in the league reached in the Austrian Cup the quarter-finals. They won over SV Wörgl (3-0), SW Bregenz (2–1) and a sensational 5-1 victory overAustria Salzburg in the third round. In the quarter-finals, St. Poelten, was beaten by Austria Wien 6-0.
In autumn 2009 the club could present the plans for the new stadium which is currently built in the Ratzersdorf district of St.Pölten.

In the 2007/08 season they won the Regionalliga and were promoted to the First League. In the summer of 2016, they were promoted to the Bundesliga. In the 2020/21 season they were relegated to the 2. Liga.


The SKN St. Poelten currently has ten youth teams for children from the age of 7 to 15, with a total of 150 children and youths. In addition to the junior teams, the club has a second team (SKN II), which plays their games in the Mid Western League, with the squad mostly consisting of squad players under the age of 18.

House of Bourbon-Parma

The Bourbons of Parma are a royal family who ruled the Duchy of Parma from 1748 till 1860 when Italy was created. The family was founded by the Infante Philip of Spain, third son of Philip V of Spain and Elisabetta Farnese. The Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748) ended the War of the Austrian Succession, and gave the land to Philip.

Philip married Louise Élisabeth of France and the present pretending duke of Parma (Carlos/Carlo of Parma) is a direct descendant. The duchy was taken by the House of Savoy when the state of Italy was created.

English poetry

The history of English poetry stretches from the middle of the 7th century to today. Over this period, English poets have written some of the longest-surviving poems in Western culture. The language and its poetry have spread around the world.

The earliest surviving poetry from the area now called England was probably transmitted orally (or passed from person to person by mouth, without being written down). It was then written down in versions that do not now survive. Because of this, it is difficult to say which poems were the earliest. There is a lot of controversy over this issue.

A number of major national poetries have developed. These include American, Australian, New Zealand, Canadian and Indian poetry. It may be controversial to describe Irish literature as English or British, even though it is in the English language. 


Rearrangement reaction

A rearrangement reaction is an organic reaction where the carbon skeleton of a molecule is rearranged. The result is a structural isomer of the original molecule. Often a substituent moves from one atom to another atom in the same molecule. In the example below, the substituent R moves from carbon atom 1 to carbon atom 2:

Intermolecular rearrangements also take place. 

Sometimes chemists draw diagrams with arrows that show how electrons are transferred between bonds during a rearrangement reaction. Many organic chemistry text books have such diagrams. But they do not tell the full story of the reaction mechanism. The actual mechanism of a rearrangement with an alkyl group moving is for the group to slide smoothly along a bond, not ionic bond-breaking and forming. One example of this is the Wagner-Meerwein rearrangement:

In pericyclic reactions, the orbital interactions are important. The reactions can not be explained by a series of simple discrete electron transfers. The curved arrows showing a sequence of discrete electron transfers can give the same result as a rearrangement reaction. Yet, the diagrams are not necessarily realistic. In allylic rearrangement, the reaction is ionic.

Three important rearrangement reactions are 1,2-rearrangements, pericyclic reactions and olefin metathesis.

A 1,2-rearrangement is an organic reaction where a substituent moves from one atom to another atom in a chemical compound. In a 1,2 shift, the substituent moves between two adjacent atoms. Moves over larger distances are possible. Examples are the Wagner-Meerwein rearrangement:

and the Beckmann rearrangement:

A pericyclic reaction is a type of reaction with multiple carbon-carbon bond making and breaking. The transition state of the molecule has a cyclic geometry. The reaction progresses in a concerted fashion. Examples are hydride shifts

and the Claisen rearrangement:

Olefin metathesis is a formal exchange of the alkylidene fragments in two alkenes. It is a catalytic reaction with carbene. It has transition metal carbene complex intermediates.

Computational chemistry

Computational chemistry is a type of chemistry that uses computer science to help solve chemical problems. These programs help scientists learn about molecules and solids. Computational chemistry is often used with chemical experiments to get more information. It can predict chemical phenomena that have not yet been seen. It is widely used to design new drugs and materials.

Computational chemistry can predict the structure of molecules. It can help find where a molecule's atoms are. It can also find absolute and relative (interaction) energies, electronic charge distributions, dipoles and higher multipole moments, vibrational frequencies, reactivity or other spectroscopic quantities, and cross sections for collision with other particles.

Computational chemistry looks at both static and dynamic systems. In all cases, as the size of the system being studied grows, the computer time and other resources (such as memory and disk space) used also grows. That system can be a single molecule, a group of molecules, or a solid. Computational chemistry methods range from highly accurate to very approximate. Highly accurate methods are typically only for small systems. 



Polymer chemistry

Polymer chemistry (also called macromolecular chemistry) is the science of chemical synthesis and chemical properties of polymers or macromolecules. According to IUPAC recommendations, macromolecules refer to the individual molecular chains and are the domain of chemistry. Polymers describe the bulk properties of polymer materials and belong to the field of polymer physics (a part of physics).

The different kinds of macromolecules include:


Polymers are formed by polymerization of monomers. Chemists describe a polymer by its degree of polymerization, molar mass distribution, tacticity, copolymer distribution, the degree of branching, by its end-groups, crosslinks, and crystallinity. Chemists also study a polymer's thermal properties such as its glass transition temperature and melting temperature. Polymers in solution have special characteristics for solubility, viscosity and gelation.

Polymer chemistry started by studying the long fibers in plants. The work of Henri Braconnot in 1777 and the work of Christian Schönbein in 1846 led to the discovery of nitrocellulose. Nitrocellulose treated with camphor makes celluloid. Chemists dissolve celluloid in ether or acetone to make collodion. Doctors have used collodion as a wound dressing since the U.S. Civil War. Cellulose acetate was first prepared in 1865. In 1834, Friedrich Ludersdorf and Nathaniel Hayward independently discovered that adding sulfur to raw natural rubber (polyisoprene) helped prevent the material from becoming sticky. In 1844 Charles Goodyear received a U.S. patent for vulcanizing rubber with sulfur and heat. Thomas Hancock had received a patent for the same process in the UK the year before.

In 1884, Hilaire de Chardonnet started the first artificial fiber factory based on regenerated cellulose, or viscose rayon, as a substitute for silk, but it was very flammable. In 1907 Leo Baekeland invented the first synthetic polymer, a thermosetting phenol-formaldehyde resin called Bakelite. Around the same time, Hermann Leuchs reported the synthesis of N-carboxyanhydrides and their high molecular weight products upon reaction with nucleophiles. But Leuchs did not call them polymers, possibly due to the strong views held by Emil Fischer, his direct supervisor, denying the possibility of any covalent molecule exceeding 6,000 daltons. Cellophane was invented in 1908 by Jocques Brandenberger who squirted sheets of viscose rayon into an acid bath.

In 1922, Hermann Staudinger (a German chemist) proposed that polymers were long chains of atoms held together by covalent bonds. He also proposed to name these compounds "macromolecules". Before that, scientists believed that polymers were clusters of small molecules (called colloids), without definite molecular weights, held together by an unknown force. Staudinger received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1953.

Wallace Carothers invented the first synthetic rubber called neoprene in 1931. Neoprene was the first polyester. Carothers went on to invent nylon, a true silk replacement, in 1935. Paul Flory was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1974 for his work on polymer random coil configurations in solution in the 1950s. Stephanie Kwolek developed an aramid, or aromatic nylon named Kevlar, patented in 1966.

There are now a large number of commercial polymers. They include composite materials such as carbon fiber-epoxy, polystyrene-polybutadiene (HIPS), acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS). Chemists design commercial polymers to combine the best properties of their various components. For example, special polymers used in automobile engines are designed to work at high temperatures.

It took a long time before universities introduced teaching and research programs in polymer chemistry. 
An "Institut fur Makromolekulare Chemie was founded in 1940 in Freiburg, Germany under the direction of Hermann Staudinger. In America a "Polymer Research Institute" (PRI) was established in 1941 by Herman Mark at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn (now Polytechnic Institute of NYU). Several hundred graduates of PRI played an important role in the US polymer industry and academia. Other PRI's were founded in 1961 by Richard S. Stein at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, in 1967 by Eric Baer at Case Western Reserve University and in 1988 at the University of Akron.


Chemical synthesis

In chemistry, chemical synthesis means using chemical reactions to get a product, or several products. This happens by physical and chemical manipulations. Often, several different chemical reactions are used; one after another. Chemists start to design a chemical synthesis by selecting compounds to combine. These starting chemicals are known as reagents or reactants. Chemists do various things to these reagents to synthesize the product, or an intermediate product. This requires mixing the compounds in a reaction vessel. The vessel can be a chemical reactor or a simple flask. Many reactions require some form of work-up procedure before the final product is isolated.



Organic synthesis

Organic synthesis is a special part of chemical synthesis. It builds organic compounds using organic reactions. Organic molecules can have a higher level of complexity compared to inorganic compounds. So, the synthesis of organic compounds has developed into one of the most important parts of organic chemistry. There are two main areas of research fields within the general area of organic synthesis: "total synthesis" and "methodology".


Alexander Morozevich

Alexander Morozevich (born Moscow, 18 July 1977) is a Russian chess Grandmaster. He was ranked second, in the July 2008 FIDE rating list, but is now ranked ninth.

Morozevich has been one of the best chess players in the world for nearly a decade. He is famous for employing unusual openings, for example the Chigorin Defense (1. d4 d5 2. c4 Nc6), and more recently the Albin Countergambit (1.d4 d5 2.c4 e5); both systems are hardly ever seen at the top level. He is also well known for preferring complicated rather than clear positions. Perhaps because of his style, which produces relatively few draws, Morozevich is popular among chess fans. 

Among his most notable results are 7.5/10 at the 2000 Chess Olympiad (winning Bronze Medal for board 2) and 7/11 at the 2002 Chess Olympiad. He took first place in the overall standings at the Amber tournament in 2002, 2004 (shared with Kramnik) and 2006 (shared with Anand); first place in Biel tournament three times: 2003, 2004 and 2006; and twice winning the Russian championship (1998 and 2007).

Peter Leko

Peter Leko (; born 8 September 1979) in Subotica, Yugoslavia is the leading Hungarian chess grandmaster. 

He became a grandmaster in 1994 at the age of 14 years (a world record at the time). He was the challenger in the Classical World Championship 2004 against Vladimir Kramnik. He tied with Kramnik 7-7, so Kramnik kept his title. Leko's best world ranking was fourth, first achieved in April 2003.

Abilene Ruff Riders

The Abilene Ruff Riders are an American football team. They play their games at the Taylor County Expo Center in Abilene, Texas. Their team colours are red, black and white. The team logo (the picture they have on their shirts) is a cowboy on a horse. They have a team mascot called Rowdy the Ruffrider, who is a cowboy too.

At first, the Ruff Riders were called the Katy Ruff Riders, because they played their games in a city called Katy, Texas. In 2008, they moved to Abilene and changed their name. They were part of the Intense Football League until 2010. For the 2010 - 2011 season, they were part of the Southern Indoor Football League, but now they are a part of the Lone Star Football League.


Kifkif

The Association of Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transgenders persons in Morocco (KIFKIF) is a Moroccan non-profit organization working on improving the legal and social status of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. It was founded in 2005 in and is the first LGBT advocacy group in North Africa. Kifkif means equal in Arabic.

Jerry Koosman

Jerry Koosman (born December 23, 1942) is a former baseball player with the New York Mets, Minnesota Twins, Chicago White Sox and Philadelphia Phillies. He was a pitcher. He won more than 200 games in his career. In 1969, he was on the Mets team that won the baseball championship the World Series. Koosman won two games for the Mets in the 1969 World Series.

In 1968, Koosman finished 2nd by one vote to Johnny Bench in the voting for National League Rookie of the Year, given to the best first year player in the league. In 1976, Koosman finished 2nd to Randy Jones in the voting for National League Cy Young Award, given to the league's best pitcher. Koosman won at least 20 games in both 1976 and 1979.

Tom Cleverley

Thomas (Tom) William Cleverley (born 12 August 1989) is an English footballer. He was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire and grew up in Bradford, West Yorkshire.

Cleverley plays for Premier League club Everton and the England national team.

Johnny Bench

Johnny Bench (born December 7, 1947) is a former baseball player who played for the Cincinnati Reds. He mostly played catcher. He hit 389 home runs. He was the National League Most Valuable Player in both 1970 and 1972. He was also the National League Rookie of the Year, or best first year player, in 1968. He was chosen for the All Star Game 14 times. 

He won the baseball championship, the World Series, with Reds in both 1975 and 1976, and was voted the Most Valuable Player of the World Series in 1976. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989.

Most analysts think either Bench or Iván Rodríguez is the greatest catcher of all time.

Gali Akish

ALI AKISH (January 14, 1918, Hailar, China - July 17, 2011, Ankara, Turkey) is a famous journalist, one of the leaders of the Tatar nationalist movement, the Honorary President of the World League of Tatars.

Ali Aksih was a preeminent leader of the Tatar nationalist movement in diaspora. He was born in the city of Hailar (Manchuria), where he attended a local Tatar elementary school before entering a Russian lycee. After completing the lycee in 1936, he went to study at Al-Azhar University in Cairo (Egypt), and in 1938, along with another young nationalist, Ahat Ginish, went to Poland. Akish and Ginish served as technical assistants to Ayaz Iskhaki at the Idel-Ural National Center, where the newspaper “Yanga Milli Yul" (New National Path) was published. Their work was interrupted by the invasion of Poland by the Nazi and Soviet forces.

Akish lived from 1940 to 1966 in Turkey where he was involved with the diaspora national movement. His pamphlet “Problems of Idel-Ural and Soviet Imperialism” printed in 1963 received great attention and provoked repercussions in the USSR in the form of two books, one ostensibly written by the President of the Tatar ASSR, Salikh Batiyev in 1977. In 1966 Ali Akish joined the Tatar-Bashkir Service of Radio Liberty, Inc. In 1983, he retired from this position and went again to Ankara. Over the years he wrote numerous articles in emigree publications and other forums such as Turk Kulturu, and in 1985 published a 59 page booklet, similar to his first, called "Idel-Ural'da Hurriyet Mucadelesi" (Struggle for Freedom in Idel-Ural).

In 1994, after reading Vladimir Zhirinovsky's book "Last Thrust to the South," he wrote an article for the Turkish newspaper "Milliyet" in which he denounced the Russian nationalists' imperial and anti-Turkish aspirations. The article was highly significant as one of the first published in Turkey critical of Zhirinovsky and his views.

He was able to visit Kazan, the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan in Russia. On his first visit to Kazan he brought, at his own expense, a computer that he donated to the Tatar Public Center. Akish dedicated his whole life to the liberation of the Tatar people from colonial oppression. The World Tatar League named him honorary president in recognition of his achievements. A school was named in his honor in the city of Chally (Naberezhniye Chelny) in Tatarstan. 

Yield (chemistry)

In chemistry, yield (also called chemical yield or reaction yield) is the amount of product resulting from a chemical reaction. The "absolute yield" gives the weight in grams, and the "molar yield" gives the number of moles.

The "fractional yield", "relative yield", or "percentage yield" shows how completely a synthetic procedure worked. It is calculated by dividing the amount of product by the "theoretical yield" (the unit of measurement for both must be the same):

formula_1

To get the "percentage yield", one must multiply the fractional yield by 100% (e.g., 0.673 × 100% = 67.3%).

The ideal percentage yield of a chemical reaction is 100%, but it cannot be achieved because measurements are never completely accurate. Yields around 100% are "quantitative", yields above 90% are "excellent", yields above 80% are "very good", yields above 70% are "good", yields above 50% are "fair", and yields below 40% are "poor".

Impulse

Impulse might mean:

Alexis Sánchez

Alexis Alejandro Sánchez Sánchez (born 19 December 1988), is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for English club Inter Milan and the Chile national team.

In July 2014, Sanchez signed for Arsenal on a long-term contract for an undisclosed fee, reported to be around £35 million. In January 2018, he joined The Red Devils after Henrikh Mkhitaryan swapped clubs with him to Arsenal FC.





Colo-Colo

River Plate

Barcelona

Arsenal

Manchester United

Inter Milan

Chile

Individual

Records

Dry cleaning

Dry cleaning (or dry-cleaning) is any cleaning process for clothing and textiles using a solvent (a liquid or gas that can dissolve some materials) without water. The solvent used is usually tetrachloroethylene (perchloroethylene) which is very strong and can dissolve oils. The solvent is called "perc" in the industry and "dry-cleaning fluid" by the public. It is often used instead of hand washing delicate fabrics that cannot be washed by water because water would damage them. People use dry cleaning because it takes less work than hand washing.

The ancient Romans used a chemical called ammonia (derived from urine) and fuller's earth (a clay that can absorb grease and oil.) to clean their woolen clothes. Such laundries were very famous, with at least one in every town of any notability, and frequently the largest employer in a district. These laundries got their urine from farm animals, or from special pots situated at public bathrooms. The workforce made so much money that fuller's guilds (a group that works in solely one job, in this case, making fuller's earth, this special clay) were an important political force. Also, the government taxed the collection of urine and sent people to jail for wetting their pants.

Modern dry cleaning uses solvents that do not use water to remove dirt and stains from clothing. Jean Baptiste Jolly discovered that petroleum-based solvents (chemicals like gasoline or kerosene) can be used for dry-cleaning in the mid-19th century. Jolly was a French dye-works owner. He noticed that his tablecloth became cleaner after his maid spilled kerosene on it. Because of this, he developed a service cleaning people's clothes this way, which became known as "nettoyage à sec" or "dry cleaning".

Early dry cleaners used petroleum-based solvents, such as gasoline (petrol) and kerosene. Fire concerns led William Joseph Stoddard, a dry cleaner from Atlanta, to develop Stoddard solvent as a slightly less flammable alternative to gasoline-based solvents. The government started to control dry cleaners because the highly flammable petroleum solvents caused many fires and explosions.

After World War I, dry cleaners began using chlorinated solvents. These solvents were much less flammable than petroleum solvents and were more powerful. By the mid-1930s, the dry cleaning industry had adopted tetrachloroethylene (perchloroethylene), widely called "perc", as the best solvent. It has excellent cleaning power and is stable, nonflammable, and gentle to most clothing. Some dry cleaners use different chemicals. 

Traditionally, the actual cleaning process was carried out at centralized "factories"; high street cleaners shops received garments from customers, sent them to the factory, and then had them returned to the shop after being cleaned, where the customer could collect them. This was due mainly to the risk of fire or dangerous fumes created by the cleaning process. At this time, dry-cleaning was carried out in two different machines — one for the cleaning process itself and the second to dry the clothing.

Machines of this era were called "vented"; their fumes and drying exhausts were sent into the air, in the same way as with modern tumble dryer exhausts. This added to environmental contamination. Much potentially reusable perc was lost to the atmosphere. Much stricter controls on solvent emissions have ensured that all dry cleaning machines in the western world are now fully enclosed. No solvent fumes are vented to the atmosphere. In enclosed machines, solvent recovered during the drying process is returned condensed and distilled. So, it can be reused to clean more clothes, or safely thrown away. The majority of modern enclosed machines also incorporate a computer-controlled drying sensor, which automatically feels when most traces of perc have been removed from the load during the drying process. This system ensures that only the smallest amount of perc fumes will be released when opening the door at the end of the cycle.

A dry-cleaning machine is similar to a combination of a domestic washing machine, and clothes dryer. Garments are placed into a washing chamber (referred to as the basket, or drum). The chamber is the core of the machine. The washing chamber contains a horizontal, perforated drum that rotates within an outer shell. The shell holds the solvent while the rotating drum holds the clothing. The basket can hold between about 10 and 40 kg (20 to 80 lb).

During the wash cycle, the chamber is filled approximately one-third full of solvent and begins to rotate, washing the clothing. The solvent temperature is maintained at 30 degrees Celsius (86 degrees Fahrenheit), as a higher temperature may damage it. During the wash cycle, the solvent in the chamber is filtered and then fed back into the chamber. This is known as the cycle and is continued for the wash duration. The solvent is then removed and sent to a distillation (boiled and returned to liquid) unit that has both a boiler and condenser. The condensed solvent is fed into a separator unit where any remaining water is separated from the solvent and then fed into the 'clean solvent' tank. 

Operators also check clothing for foreign objects before placing them into the machine. Items such as plastic pens will dissolve in the solvent bath and may damage textiles beyond recovery. Some textile dyes are "loose" (red being the main problem), and will release dye during solvent immersion. Operators will dry clean red clothing separately from lighter-color textiles to avoid color transfer to other clothes. The solvent used must be distilled to remove impurities that may transfer to clothing. Operators check clothing for dry-cleaning compatibility, including fasteners. Many fasteners that decorate clothing either are not dry cleaning solvent proof or will not withstand the mechanical action of cleaning. Operators will remove them and restitch them after the cleaning or operators will wrap them in a small padded protector. Fragile items, such as feather bedspreads or tasseled rugs or hangings, may be enclosed in a loose mesh bag. The density of perchloroethylene is around 1.7 g/cm³ at room temperature (70% heavier than water), and the sheer weight of absorbed solvent may cause the textile to fail under normal force during the extraction cycle unless the mesh bag provides mechanical support.

Many people believe that all marks or stains can be removed by dry cleaning. Not every stain can be cleaned by dry cleaning. Some need to be treated with spotting solvents; sometimes by steam jet or by soaking in special stain remover liquids before garments are washed or dry cleaned. Also, garments stored in soiled condition for a long time are difficult to bring back to their original color and texture. Natural fibers such as wool, cotton, and silk of lighter colors should not be left in dirty or soiled condition for long amounts of time as they absorb dirt in their texture and are unlikely to be restored to their original color and finish.

The main reason that washing in water has a different result than dry cleaning is that water is a polar solvent while dry cleaning uses a non-polar solvent.

A typical wash cycle lasts for 8–15 minutes depending on the type of garments and degree of soiling. During the first three minutes, solvent-soluble soils dissolve into the perchloroethylene and loose, insoluble soil comes off. It takes approximately ten to twelve minutes after the loose soil has come off to remove the ground-in insoluble soil from garments. Machines using hydrocarbon solvents require a wash cycle of at least 25 minutes because of the much slower rate of solvation of solvent-soluble soils. A dry-cleaning surfactant "soap" may also be added.

At the end of the wash cycle, the machine starts a rinse cycle wherein the garment load is rinsed with fresh distilled solvent from the pure solvent tank. This pure solvent rinse prevents discoloration caused by soil particles being absorbed back onto the garment surface from the "dirty" working solvent.

After the rinse cycle, the machine begins the extraction process, which recovers dry-cleaning solvent for reuse. Modern machines recover approximately 99.99% of the solvent that was used. The extraction cycle begins by draining the solvent from the washing chamber and accelerating the basket to 350 to 450 rpm, causing much of the solvent to spin free of the fabric. Until this time the cleaning is done in normal temperature, the solvent is never heated in dry cleaning process. When no more solvent can be spun out, the machine starts the drying cycle.

During the drying cycle, the garments are tumbled in a stream of warm air (60-63°C/140-145°F) that circulates through the basket, evaporating any traces of solvent left after the spin cycle. The air temperature is controlled to prevent heat damage to the garments. The exhausted warm air from the machine then passes through a chiller unit where solvent vapors are condensed and returned to the distilled solvent tank.

After the drying cycle is complete, a deodorizing (aeration) cycle cools the garments and removes even more of the solvent, by circulating cool outside air over the garments and then through a vapor recovery filter made from activated carbon and polymer resins. After the aeration cycle, the garments are clean and ready for pressing/finishing.

Dry cleaning does not remove all of the solvent. There are no government standards for how much solvent is allowed to remain in the fabric. Detectable amounts of the solvent remain in clothes, with wool clothes retaining the most solvent.

Working solvent from the washing chamber passes through several filtration steps before it is returned to the washing chamber. The first step is a button trap, which prevents small objects such as lint, fasteners, buttons, and coins from entering the solvent pump.

Over time, a thin layer of filter cake (called muck) accumulates on the lint filter. The muck is removed regularly (commonly once per day) and then processed to recover solvent trapped in the muck. Many machines use "spin disc filters," which remove the muck from the filter by centrifugal force while it is back washed with solvent.

After the lint filter, the solvent passes through an absorptive cartridge filter. This filter is made from activated clays and charcoal and removes fine insoluble soil and non-volatile residues, along with dyes from the solvent. Finally, the solvent passes through a polishing filter, which removes any soil not previously removed. The clean solvent is then returned to the working solvent tank.

To enhance cleaning power, small amounts of detergent (0.5%-1.5%) are added to the working solvent and are essential to its functionality. These detergents help dissolve hydrophilic soils and keep soil from redepositing on garments. Depending on the machine's design, either an anionic or a cationic detergent is used.

Since the solvent recovery is less than 100%, and because dry-cleaning does not remove water-based stains well, entrepreneurs have developed the wet cleaning process, which is, in essence, cold-water washing and air drying, using a computer-controlled washer and dryer. In general, wet cleaning is still being improved and developed, although low-tech versions of it have been used for centuries.

People who make clothes have special symbols to say how they should be cleaned. The international GINETEX laundry symbol for dry cleaning is a circle. It may have a letter P inside to indicate perchloroethylene solvent, or a letter F inside to indicate a hydrocarbon solvent. A bar underneath the circle means that only mild cleaning processes should be used. A crossed-out empty circle means the clothes should not be dry cleaned.





Evolution of cetaceans

The Cetaceans (whales, dolphins and porpoises) are mammalian marine descendants of land mammals. Their terrestrial origins are indicated by:

The question of how land animals evolved into ocean-going leviathans was a mystery until recent discoveries in Pakistan revealed several stages in the transition of cetaceans from land to sea.

After many years when palaeontologists thought whales had evolved from mesonychids, DNA sequence analysis showed the closest relationship was with artiodactyls, the even-toed ungulates. A new clade was created to include Cetacea and their nearest relatives, the hippopotamus family. This clade is called the Cetartiodactyla.

Hippo fossils are not found until the Miocene, but whale ancestors have been found from the Eocene. This leaves a gap of nearly 30 million years where no hippo ancestors are found. The most recent hypothesis is that hippos and whales shared a common semi-aquatic ancestor which branched off from other Artiodactyls around 60 million years ago (mya). This ancestral group probably split into two branches around 54 mya. One branch evolved into cetaceans, possibly beginning with the proto-whale "Pakicetus" from 52 mya. These early cetaceans gradually became adapted to life in the sea. They became the completely aquatic cetaceans. 

"Indohyus" is a small deer-like creature, which lived about 48 million years ago in Kashmir. It belongs to the artiodactyls family "Raoellidae", and is believed to be the closest sister group of Cetacea. 

About the size of a raccoon or domestic cat, this herbivorous creature shared some of the traits of whales. It also showed signs of adaptations to aquatic life, including a thick and heavy outer bone coating. This is similar to the bones of modern creatures such as the hippopotamus, and reduces buoyancy so that they can stay underwater. This suggests a similar survival strategy to the African mousedeer or water chevrotain which, when threatened by a bird of prey, dives into water and hides beneath the surface for up to four minutes.

Scientists from the University of Plymouth studied many animals that dive and hold their breath, from insects to whales, and they found that larger animals can hold their breath longer than smaller animals because they can store more oxygen for their size, and this difference was much bigger for warm-blooded animals than for cold-blooded animals. They said this may be why modern whales and extinct diving animals like plesiosaurs became so large.

The blue whale is not the largest ever whale, and perhaps by quite a long way. 39 million years ago "Perucetus colossus" was between 85 to 340 tons, so up to 3x heavier than the blue whale.

Coal ball

A Coal ball is a permineralised life form that is full of calcium, magnesium and occasionally iron sulfide. They generally have a round shape. Coal balls are not made of coal, even though they have the name "coal ball".

In 1855, two English scientists, Joseph Dalton Hooker and Edward William Binney, found coal balls in England. Because of that, the initial research on coal balls was done in Europe. Coal balls were found and identified in North America in 1922. Since then, coal balls have been found in other countries and several theories on their formation have been proposed.

Marie Stopes and D.M.S. Watson also examined coal ball samples. They agreed that coal balls formed "in situ". They also added that interaction with a marine environment was necessary for a coal ball to form.

Coal balls are in coal seams across North America and Eurasia. North American coal balls are in more places than in Europe. The oldest coal balls were found in Germany and former Czechoslovakia.

In 1962, Sergius Mamay and Ellis Yochelson found signs of marine animal remains in North American coal balls.

The quality of the preservation of organic material depends on the speed of the burial process and the degree of compression before undergoing permineralisation. Generally, coal balls resulting from remains that have a quick burial with little decay and pressure have a higher preservation degree. However, plant remains in most coal balls show various signs of decay and collapse.

Thin sectioning was an early procedure used to analyse fossilised material contained in coal balls. The ball was cut into thin sections with a diamond saw. Then it was flattened and polished with an abrasive. Then it was examined under a microscope. This is the procedure which was carried out by Hooker and Binney. The time needed, and the poor quality of samples produced, led to a more convenient method.

The new method, first used in 1928, is called the "liquid peel technique".


Napster

Napster was a computer program that allowed people to share music over the Internet. It was shut down as the result of a lawsuit by the RIAA. Napster has since reopened with some changes

Paul Flory

Paul John Flory (June 19, 1910 – September 9, 1985) was an American chemist and Nobel laureate. He worked in the field of polymers, or macromolecules. He was a leading pioneer in understanding how polymers dissolve in solutions. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1974 "for his fundamental achievements, both theoretical and experimental, in the physical chemistry of macromolecules."

He graduated from Elgin High School in Elgin, Illinois in 1927. Flory received a bachelor's degree from Manchester College (Indiana) in 1931 and a Ph.D. from the Ohio State University in 1934. His first position was at DuPont with Wallace Carothers.

Flory's earliest work in polymer science was in the area of polymerization kinetics at the DuPont Experimental station. Most chemists studying condensation polymerization believed that the reactivity of the end group decreased as the macromolecule grew. Flory argued that the reactivity was independent of the polymer's size. He showed that the number of polymer chains present decreased with size exponentially.

Flory introduced the important concept of chain transfer to the study of addition polymerization. This improved chemists' understanding of the kinetic equations. It also helped chemists to understand the distribution of the polymer sizes.

In 1938, after Carothers' death, Flory moved to the Basic Science Research Laboratory at the University of Cincinnati. There he developed a mathematical theory for the polymerization of compounds with more than two functional groups. He also developed the theory of polymer networks or gels.

In 1940, he joined the Linden, NJ laboratory of the Standard Oil Development Company. He developed a statistical mechanical theory for polymer mixtures there.

In 1943, he left to join the research laboratories of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company as head of a group on polymer fundamentals. In the Spring of 1948 Peter Debye, then chairman of the chemistry department at Cornell University, invited Flory to give the annual Baker Lectures. He then was offered a position with the faculty in the Fall of the same year. At Cornell, Flory expanded and refined his Baker Lectures into his best work (magnum opus), "Principles of Polymer Chemistry" which was published in 1953 by Cornell University Press. This quickly became a standard text for all workers in the field of polymers, and is still widely used to this day.

Flory introduced the concept of excluded volume to polymers. (Werner Kuhn had already invented the term in 1934 for molecules in general.) "Excluded volume" refers to the idea that one part of a long chain molecule can not occupy space that is already occupied by another part of the same molecule. Excluded volume causes the ends of a polymer chain in a solution to be further apart (on average) than they would be were there no excluded volume. The recognition that excluded volume was an important factor in analyzing long-chain molecules in solutions provided an important conceptual breakthrough. Excluded volume explained several puzzling experimental results of that time. It also led to the concept of the theta point, the set of conditions at which an experiment can be conducted that causes the excluded volume effect to be neutralized. At the theta point, the chain reverts to ideal chain characteristics – the long-range interactions coming from the excluded volume are eliminated. This allows experimenters to more easily measure short-range features such as structural geometry, bond rotation potentials, and steric interactions between near-neighboring groups. Flory taught another advantage of performing the experiment at the theta point: the chain dimension in polymer melts would have the size computed for a chain in ideal solution. This works because excluded volume interactions are neutralized at the theta point.

He also invented an original method for computing the probable size of a polymer in good solution. He invented the Flory-Huggins Solution Theory. He derived the Flory exponent, which helps characterize the movement of polymers in solution.

Flory won the Perkin Medal and the Priestley Medal.

In modeling the position vectors of atoms in macromolecules it is often necessary to convert from Cartesian coordinates (x,y,z) to generalized coordinates. The Flory convention for defining the variables involved is usually employed. For an example, a peptide bond can be described by the x,y,z positions of every atom in this bond or the Flory convention can be used. Here one must know the bond lengths formula_1, bond angles formula_2, and the dihedral angles formula_3. A three-dimensional structure can be described using the Flory convention by applying a vector conversion from the Cartesian coordinates to the generalized coordinates.

He became a professor at Stanford University in 1961. He became the Jackson-Wood Professor there in 1966. He retired from Stanford in 1975. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1974 "for his fundamental achievements, both theoretical and experimental, in the physical chemistry of macromolecules." He remained active after his retirement, and consulted for IBM for some years. He and his wife Emily Catherine Tabor (now dead) had three children, Susan, Melinda and John. Susan has two children, Elizabeth and Mary. Elizabeth has three children, Katy Greer, Margaret Greer, and Sam Greer. Paul J Flory died of a heart attack in Big Sur, California in 1985.



Alpine butterfly knot

The alpine butterfly loop is a knot used to form a loop in the middle of a rope. Once tied, the loop will not shift up and down the rope. It is good for adding a stationary loop in a continuous piece of rope, without bending the rope.

List of knots

This page is a list of knots.

Reef knot

The reef knot (or square knot) is a knot. It is often used to tie two ropes together. It is used to “reef” sails on sailboats. That is, reduce the sail area when the wind gets stronger.


Sheet bend

The sheet bend is a knot made to join two ends of rope together. Holds well when the ropes are different diameters.

Extinction (astronomy)

Interstellar extinction is when the electromagnetic radiation of an astronomical object is blocked and/or scattered by other astronomical objects and cosmic dust.

Also known as galactic extinction when the object is in the Milky Way.

Astronomical object

An astronomical object is any natural body that floats in space. For example, stars, planets, meteoroids, moons, and other space objects.

Masala (movie genre)

Masala (; ) is a word used in South East Asia, mainly India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. It is used for a style of Indian movies where there is a mix of various styles of movies in one movie. For example, a movie can show action, comedy, drama, and romance. This movie style is used very often in South Indian films as it helps make the movies appeal to more viewers. Famous masala directors include S. Shankar, Perarasu and K. S. Ravikumar.

Sharaf Khan Bidlisi

Sharaf Khan Bidlisi (, 1543 1603), was a Kurdish prince and historian. In 1597 he wrote a book on Kurdish history, "Sharafnama".

Informal economy

The informal economy is that part of economy which is not reported in official statistics such as the gross domestic product of a country. The informal economy is not taxed, and includes the black market. In developing countries over 70% of the people work in this form of economy. They are self-employed, because it is difficult to find an employer to hire them. People working in this form of economy have no social benefits or social security, which are usually only given by the state to those who have made tax contributions. 

Usually, most people working in this form of economy are women; they work in the most erratic and corrupt segments of the job market.
Sixty percent of female workers in developing countries are employed by the informal sector. There are two main reasons why this is the case: First, the kind of employment that is available caters mostly to women. Secondly, most women either work from home, because they also have to take care of children, or they work as street vendors; both of these kinds of work are classified in the informal sector. 

What is more, most people at the top positions of the sector are men, and most people in the bottom positions are women.
For example, very few women are employers who hire others and more women are likely to be involved in smaller scale operations. Labor markets, household decisions, and states all propagate this gender inequality. The gender gap in terms of wage is even higher in the informal sector than the formal sector.

Two half-hitches

Two half-hitches is a knot that is often used to attach rope to poles or other objects. It is one of many knots that are called hitches. When a clove hitch is tied around a rope, it forms the two half-hitches.


Clove hitch

A clove hitch is a knot that is tied around an object.It is a kind of hitch knot. When a clove hitch is tied around a rope, it forms a knot called Two half-hitches.


The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996 movie)

The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1996 American-French animated musical drama movie based on Victor Hugo's novel. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 34th Disney animated movie. It follows the deformed bell-ringer attempting to gain acceptance into society.

The movie stars Tom Hulce, Demi Moore, Tony Jay, Kevin Kline, Paul Kandel, Jason Alexander, Charles Kimbrough, David Ogden Stiers and Mary Wickes in her final movie role. Produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance, the movie is considered to be one of Disney's darkest animated movie because its narrative explores such mature themes as infanticide, lust, damnation, genocide, and sin, despite the changes made from the original source material in order to ensure a G rating received by the MPAA. The musical score was written by Alan Menken, with songs written by Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, who had previously collaborated on "Pocahontas".

The movie was released on June 21, 1996 to largely positive reviews and was a commercial success, grossing over $325 million worldwide and becoming the fifth highest-grossing release of 1996. The movie received Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for Menken's musical score. A darker, more Gothic stage adaptation of the movie, was rewritten and directed by James Lapine and produced by Walt Disney Theatrical in Berlin, Germany, as "Der Glöckner von Notre Dame", and ran from 1999 to 2002. A direct-to-video sequel, "The Hunchback of Notre Dame II", was released in 2002.

In 1482 Paris, Clopin, a Gypsy puppeteer tells a group of children the origin of the titular hunchback. Twenty years earlier, a group of gypsies are arrested by Judge Claude Frollo, the corrupt and fanatical Justice Minister, who pursues a woman and her deformed baby. After killing her near the Notre Dame Cathedral, Frollo attempts to drop the baby in the well, but the archdeacon stops him. Frollo decides to raise the child at the cathedral and atone for his sin. He names him Quasimodo.

Twenty years later, Quasimodo became a goodhearted but isolated young man living in the cathedral. His only friends are a trio of sentient gargoyles, Victor, Hugo and Laverne. They encourage him to attend the annual Feast of Fools. Frollo attempts to discourage him, telling him he would be shunned for his deformities. Undeterred, Quasimodo attends the festival where he is celebrated for his deformities, but is humiliated and surrounded by everyone. After freeing Quasimodo, the kind Gypsy dancer Esmeralda uses witchcraft to evade capture.

As Quasimodo returns to the cathedral, Esmeralda meets Phoebus, the captain of the guard, who has her confined, instead of arresting her. Esmeralda befriends Quasimodo. He helps her escape the cathedral, and she gives him a pendant with a map to the Court of Miracles, the home of the gypsies. Frollo develops lustful feelings towards Esmeralda, calling on the Virgin Mary to protect him from her spell and avoid eternal damnation. The next day, Frollo and the guards arrest one of the civilians and burn every buildings. Phoebus defies Frollo, when he attempts to burn down the house. Phoebus falls unconscious at the river Seine, but Esmeralda rescues him and they head to the cathedral for refuge. The gargoyles try to encourage Quasimodo, but he becomes heartbroken when Esmeralda has loved Phoebus. When Frollo returns to the cathedral, he bluffs to Quasimodo that he knows the location of the gypsy hideout and Frollo will attack at dawn with a thousand men. Using Esmeralda's map, Quasimodo and Phoebus travel to the Court of Miracles, where Frollo and the guards capture everyone.

Frollo prepares to burn Esmeralda at the stake after she rejects him, but she is saved by Quasimodo and is brought into the cathedral. Phoebus releases himself and the gypsies, and unites the citizens of Paris while opposing Frollo and the guards. Quasimodo and the gargoyles pour molten lead into the streets to prevent everyone from entering the cathedral. Frollo sneaks inside, and pursues Quasimodo and Esmeralda onto the balcony, where he reveals to Quasimodo that he killed his mother. Frollo falls to his death into the lake of molten copper, while Phoebus saves Quasimodo. Esmeralda and Phoebus receive a blessing for their relationship, and Quasimodo is accepted into Parisian society.


Additional voices were also provided by Jack Angel, Joan Barber, Christopher Barnes, Scott Barnes, Bob Bergen, Mary Kay Bergman, Susan Blu, Maureen Brennan, Torbin Xan Bullock, Rodger Bumpass, Corey Burton, Victoria Clark, Philip L. Clarke, Jennifer Darling, Debi Derryberry, Grey DeLisle, Jonathan Dokuchitz, Bill Farmer, Laurie Faso, Merwin Foard, Joan Gerber, Dana Hill, Judy Kaye, Eddie Korbich, Alix Korey, Denis Leary, Michael Lindsay, Sherry Lynn, Mona Marshall, Howard McGillin, Mickie McGowan, Anna McNeely, Bruce Moore, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, Denise Pickering, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Peter Samuel, Kath Soucie, Gordon Stanley, Mary Stout and Marcelo Tubert.

Biological engineering

Biological engineering (also known as biotechnological engineering and bioengineering) is any type of engineering that is applied to living things.

Audi A8

The Audi A8 is the largest car produced by Audi. It replaced the Audi V8 in 1994, and is available with either short or long wheelbase. The range incorporates 6-, 8-, 10- and 12-cylinder petrol engines and 6- and 8-cylinder diesel engines. A more sporty version is the Audi S8.

Mariner 3

Mariner 3 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the third spacecraft in the Mariner program. It was designed to take photos of the planet Mars after an eight month journey studying interplanetary (between planet) space. However, the spacecraft lost power eight hours after launch, and it never achieved the correct Mars trajectory. It eventually entered a heliocentric (Sun-centred) orbit.


Selenography

Selenography is the study of the physical features of the Moon.

Sorption

When two chemical substances come in contact with each other, through what is called a phase, they will interact with each other in that phase. They may also have an interface. If a substance accumulates within a phase this is called absorption, if the same process happens on the interface, it is called adsorption. In the year 1909, James William McBain introduced the word Sorption to describe such a process, in the case where it is not easy or meaningful to make a difference between absorption and adsorption. 

Examples of where the concept of sorption is important are measuring the pollution of the environment; using sorption it is possible to bind pollutants to small particles in the air (called aerosols), or in the soil (where they bind to colloids). Sorption makes these bindings possible. In much the same way, polluants can be transported over long distances. 

Machines and processes that use sorption include the absorption refrigerator and solar air conditioning.

Dreaming of You (song)

"Dreaming of You" is a song by Mexican-American Tejano pop singer Selena. It was released as the second single from "the album of the same name" (1995).

Selenology

Selenology is the science of the Moon. It is a branch of astronomy.

Fobos-Grunt

Fobos-Grunt (also spelled Phobos-Grunt, also called Phobos Sample Return Mission) was an unmanned Russian spacecraft. It was an attempted sample return mission to Phobos, a moon of the planet Mars. Scientists intended Phobos-Grunt to orbit and study Mars. It was meant to look at Mars' atmosphere and dust storms, plasma and radiation. Then, Phobos-Grunt should have landed on Phobos and returned a 200 g soil sample to Earth.

The spacecraft was the first Russian interplanetary mission since Mars 96. It was launched on 8 November 2011 (UTC), aboard a Zenit rocket, at Baikonur Cosmodrome. It was sent with the Chinese spacecraft Yinghuo-1 and with the Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment.

The name "Phobos-Grunt" () is Russian for "Phobos-Soil".


Wade Belak

Wade Belak (July 3, 1976 – August 31, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played a career total of 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Quebec Nordiques with the 12th overall pick in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. Belak retired from the NHL on March 8, 2011 and remained with the Predators in an organizational role. On August 31, 2011, He was found dead in his condo at the One King Street West hotel in Toronto. His death was later treated as a suicide by Toronto police. Before his death he was preparing to take part in the upcoming season of Battle of the Blades.

Skate (2007 video game)

Skate (marketed as skate.) is a skateboarding video game that was published by Electronic Arts. It is available for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 systems. The game is also featured as a mobile phone game which can be downloaded. The game is the first in the "Skate" video game series. It was followed by Skate 2 in 2009 and Skate 3 in 2010. 


Skate 2

Skate 2 is a skateboarding video game that was published by Electronic Arts. It is available for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 systems. The game was the second in the "Skate" video game series. It was followed by "Skate 3" which was released in 2010. The game got very good reviews with a 7.5 out of 10 from GameSpot and a 83 out of 100 from Metacritic.


Skate 3

Skate 3 is a skateboarding video game that was published by Electronic Arts. It is available for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 video game systems. The game was the third in the "Skate" video game series. The game takes place in the city of Port Carverton. The city also embraces skateboarding which was unlike the second game where they had a "skateboarding is a crime" mentality. The game got good reviews with a 7.5 out of 10 from GameSpot and a 80 out of 100 from Metacritic.


Materials science

Materials science studies the properties of matter to solve science and engineering problems. It uses applied physics and chemistry. Supersmall nanotechnology has got attention in recent years. There are many inventions of new material. Work on why structures fail or break down is very important to engineering.

The important material of a given era is often its defining point. Examples are the Stone Age, Bronze Age, and Iron Age.

Materials science originally studied ceramics and metallurgy. These ancient crafts make materials science one of the oldest forms of engineering and applied science. A major breakthrough in the understanding of materials occurred in the late 19th century, when the American scientist Josiah Willard Gibbs showed that the physical properties of a material were related to its atomic structure. As the phases changed, so did the physical properties of the material.

Important elements of modern materials science are a product of the space race: the understanding and engineering of the metallic alloys, and silica and carbon materials, used in the construction of space exploration vehicles.

Materials science is now linked to the development of plastics, semiconductors, ceramics, polymers, magnetic materials, medical implant materials and biological materials.

The material scientist/engineer also deals with the extraction of materials and their conversion into useful forms. So, ingot casting, foundry techniques, blast furnace extraction, and electrolytic extraction are all part of the required knowledge of a metallurgist/engineer. Often the presence, absence or variation of minute quantities of secondary elements and compounds in a bulk material will have a great impact on the final properties of the materials produced, for instance, steels are classified based on 1/10 and 1/100 weight percentages of the carbon and other alloying elements they contain. Thus, the extraction and purification techniques employed in the extraction of iron in the blast furnace will have an impact of the quality of steel that may be produced.

The study of disasters in the 19th and 20th century led to some important discoveries. A.A. Griffith (1893–1963) discovered that real materials never get near their theoretical strength. This was a groundbreaking discovery which led to changes in many industries. As an example, steel gets almost 1/10th of its theoretical strength, but most solids are 100 to 1000 times weaker than expected.

Griffith's insights were developed further by J.E. Gordon (1913–1998). Gordon said that all simple solids are by their nature brittle. Toughness – resistance to fracture – has to be designed into materials. The usual way is to add other material to the pure substance. This makes its structure more complex, and that makes it less likely to fail. A good example is bulletproof glass, where a plastic layer stuck to glass make it many times stronger than either material would be separately. The personal armour based on Kevlar is another example. Biological materials have this feature naturally. Bones do bend a little before they reach breaking point, and tree trunks also have some "give".

The industrial study of metal alloys is a large part of materials science. Of all the metallic alloys in use today, the alloys of iron (steel, stainless steel, cast iron, tool steel, alloy steels) make up the largest proportion both by quantity and commercial value. Iron alloyed with various proportions of carbon gives low, mid and high carbon steels. An iron carbon alloy is only considered steel if the carbon level is between 0.01% and 2.00%. For the steels, the hardness and tensile strength of the steel is related to the amount of carbon present. Increasing carbon levels leads to lower ductility and toughness. Heat treatment processes such as quenching and tempering can significantly change these properties however. Cast Iron is defined as an Iron-Carbon alloy with more than 2.00% but less than 6.67% carbon. Stainless steel is defined as a regular steel alloy with greater than 10% by weight alloying content of chromium. Nickel and molybdenum are also found in stainless steels.

Other significant metallic alloys are those of aluminium, titanium, copper and magnesium. Copper alloys have been known for a long time (since the Bronze Age), while the alloys of the other three metals have been relatively recently developed. Due to the chemical reactivity of these metals, the electrolytic extraction processes required were only developed relatively recently. The alloys of aluminium, titanium and magnesium are also known and valued for their high strength-to-weight ratios and, in the case of magnesium, their ability to provide electromagnetic shielding. These materials are ideal for situations where high strength-to-weight ratios are more important than bulk cost, such as in the aerospace industry and certain automotive engineering applications.

Polymers are also an important part of materials science. They are the raw materials used to make what we commonly call plastics. Plastics are really the final product. They are made when polymers or additives have been added to a resin during processing. The mixture is then shaped into a final form. Common polymers are, include polyethylene, polypropylene, PVC, polystyrene, nylons, polyesters, acrylics, polyurethanes, and polycarbonates.

PVC (polyvinyl-chloride) is widely used, inexpensive, and annual production quantities are large. It lends itself to an incredible array of uses, from artificial leather to electrical insulation and cabling, packaging and containers. It is simple to make. It accepts a wide range of plasticisers and other additives, which give it differing properties.

Another application of the material sciences is the structures of glass and ceramics, typically associated with the most brittle materials. Ceramics and glasses use covalent bonds and ionic-covalent bonds with SiO, silica or sand, as a fundamental building block. Ceramics are as soft as clay and as hard as stone and concrete. Usually, they are crystalline in form. Most glasses contain a metal oxide fused with silica. At high temperatures used to prepare glass, the material is a viscous liquid. Glass forms into an amorphous structure when it is cooled. Windowpanes and eyeglasses are important examples. Fibers of glass are also available. Diamond and carbon in its graphite form are considered to be ceramics.

Engineering ceramics are known for their stiffness, high temperature, and stability under compression and electrical stress. Alumina, silica carbide, and tungsten carbide are made from a fine powder of their constituents in a process of sintering with a binder. Hot pressing provides higher density material. Chemical vapor deposition can place a film of a ceramic on another material. Cermets are ceramic particles containing some metals. The wear resistance of tools is derived from cemented carbides with the metal phase of cobalt and nickel typically added to modify properties.

Another application of material science in industry is the making of composite materials. Composite materials are structured materials composed of two or more macroscopic phases. Applications range from structural elements such as steel-reinforced concrete, to the thermally insulative tiles which play a key and integral role in National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) Space Shuttle thermal protection system which is used to protect the surface of the shuttle from the heat of re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere. One example is Reinforced Carbon-Carbon (RCC), The light gray material which withstands re-entry temperatures up to 1510 °C (2750 °F) and protects the Space Shuttle's wing leading edges and nose cap. RCC is a laminated composite material made from graphite rayon cloth and impregnated with a phenolic resin. After curing at high temperature in an autoclave, the laminate is pyrolized to convert the resin to carbon, impregnated with furfural alcohol in a vacuum chamber, and cured/pyrolized to convert the furfural alcohol to carbon. In order to provide oxidation resistance for reuse capability, the outer layers of the RCC are converted to silicon carbide.

Other examples can be seen in the "plastic" casings of television sets, cell-phones and similar objects. These plastic casings are usually a composite material. It is a thermoplastic matrix such as acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) in which calcium carbonate chalk, talc, glass fibers or carbon fibers have been added for added strength, bulk, or electro-static dispersion. These additions may be referred to as reinforcing fibers, or dispersants, depending on their purpose.

A new magnetic material has been discovered. It could transform computer hard drives and energy storage devices.

A highly sensitive metal bilayer needs only a small shift in temperature to dramatically alter its magnetism. This is a very useful property in electronic engineering. "No other material known to man can do this. It's a huge effect. And we can engineer it", said Ivan Schuller, of the University of California, San Diego.

The material combines thin layers of nickel and vanadium oxide. This is a structure which is surprisingly responsive to heat. "We can control the magnetism in just a narrow range of temperature without applying a magnetic field. And in principle we could also control it with voltage or current", said Prof Schuller.

Materials science encompasses various classes of materials, each of which may constitute a separate field. Materials are sometimes classified by the type of bonding present between the atoms:



Catwalk

A catwalk is a raised walkway. The term is most often used for fashion shows, where models walk along showing off the clothes. A catwalk on a ship is a passageway above decks. A similar term is runway, but it need not be off the ground.

"Catwalk", a documentary on life on the fashion runways, was filmed in 1993 by director Robert Leacock. The movie followed models Christy Turlington, Naomi Campbell, Yasmin Le Bon, Kate Moss, and Carla Bruni as they jetted around London, Milan, Paris, and New York during Spring Fashion Week, including behind-the-scenes footage. The movie was shot in black and white and colour, and featured many top designers at work, like a young John Galliano, Justin Thomas, Karl Lagerfeld, and Gianni Versace four years before his death.

About a Girl (Nirvana song)

"About a Girl" by the grunge band Nirvana is the third song on Nirvana's first album "Bleach". It was one of Kurt Cobain's less heavy songs of the ones he wrote for the band. Compared to "Blew" and "Downer" it is considered quite mild.

The Rescuers

The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated comedy-drama adventure movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released to movie theaters on June 22, 1977, by Buena Vista Distribution. It is the 23rd Disney animated movie. The movie is about the Rescue Aid Society, an international mouse organization in New York City and shadowing the United Nations. They are dedicated to helping abduction victims around the world at large. Two of these mice, shy janitor Bernard (Bob Newhart) and his co-agent, the elegant Miss Bianca (Eva Gabor), set out to rescue Penny (Michelle Stacy), an orphan girl who is being held prisoner in Devil's Bayou by treasure huntress Madame Medusa (Geraldine Page).

The movie is based on a series of books by Margery Sharp, mainly "The Rescuers" and "Miss Bianca". The movie was very successful. Later Disney released a sequel called "The Rescuers Down Under" in 1990. This made this movie the first Disney animated movie to have a sequel.



Logan Medal of the Arts

The Logan Medal of the Arts was an arts prize started in 1907. Art Institute of Chicago helped to award the prize. From 1917 through 1940, 270 awards were given. 

The Medal was named for arts patron Frank Granger Logan. Logan founded the brokerage house of Logan & Bryan. He served over 50 years on the board of the Institute. He and his wife, Josephine Hancock Logan, administered the award consistent with their support of the Society for Sanity in Art. They founded that Society in 1936. Josephine Logan also wrote a book in 1937 called "Sanity in Art". The Logans strongly opposed all forms of modern art, including cubism, surrealism, and abstract expressionism.





Thames Barrier

The Thames Barrier is the world's second-largest movable flood barrier, after the Oosterscheldekering in the Netherlands. It is downstream of central London. Its purpose is to prevent London from being flooded by exceptionally high tides and storm surges moving up from the North Sea. It is raised (closed) only during high tide; at ebb tide it is lowered to release the water which backs up behind it.

The barrier's northern bank is in the London Borough of Newham and its southern bank is in the London Borough of Greenwich. The report of Hermann Bondi into the North Sea flood of 1953 affecting parts of the Thames Estuary and parts of London was what led to the building of the barrier.

London is vulnerable to flooding. A storm surge generated by low pressure in the Atlantic Ocean sometimes tracks eastwards past the north of Scotland and may then be driven into the shallow waters of the North Sea. The surge tide is funnelled down the North Sea which narrows towards the English Channel and the Thames Estuary. If the storm surge coincides with a spring tide, dangerously high water levels can occur in the Thames Estuary. This situation combined with downstream flows in the Thames tells engineers when to operate the barriers.

The threat has increased over time due to the slow but continuous rise in high water level over the centuries (20 cm (8 inches) / 100 years) and the slow "tilting" of Britain (up in the north and west, and down in the south and east) caused by post-glacial rebound.

Fourteen people died in the 1928 Thames flood, and after 307 people died in the UK in the North Sea Flood of 1953 the issue gained new prominence.

Early proposals for a flood control system were stymied by the need for a large opening in the barrier to allow for vessels from London Docks to pass through. When containerization replaced older forms of shipping and a new port was opened at Tilbury, a smaller barrier became feasible with each of the four main navigation spans being the same width as the opening of Tower Bridge.

A Thames Barrier flood defence closure is triggered when high tides are forecast in the North Sea "and" river flows are high at the tidal limit at Teddington weir. If water levels might exceed in central London, that is the trigger.

Closure begins about 9 hours before a dangerous high tide reaches the barrier. Messages give orders to stop river traffic, close subsidiary gates and alert other river users. As well as the Thames Barrier, the smaller gates along the Thames Tideway must be closed. Once river navigation has been stopped and all gates closed, then the Thames Barrier itself can be closed. The smaller gates are closed first, then the main navigable spans in succession. The gates remain closed until the tide downstream of the barrier falls to the same level as the water level upstream.

After heavy rain west of London, floodwater flows down the Thames upstream (before London). Because the river is tidal from Teddington weir all the way through London, "this is only a problem at high tide", which prevents the floodwater from escaping out to sea. From Teddington the river is opening out into its estuary, and at low tide it can take much greater flow rates the further one goes downstream. 

When the river is in flood upstream, if the gates are closed shortly after low tide, a huge empty volume holds behind the barrier which can act as a reservoir to hold the floodwater coming over Teddington weir. Most river floods will not fill this volume in the few high tide hours when the barrier needs to be closed. If the barrier was not there, the high tide would fill up this volume instead, and the floodwater could then spill over the river banks in London. About a third of the closures up to 2009 were to prevent flooding caused by heavy rain to the west of London.

In the 1980s there were four closures, 35 closures in the 1990s, and 75 closures in the first decade of this century. The rate of closures is above that predicted, and is increasing rapidly.

An incident that was potentially catastrophic for London occurred on 27 October 1997. The dredger, MV "Sand Kite", sailing in thick fog, collided with one of the Thames Barrier's piers. As the ship started to sink she dumped her 3,300 tonne load of aggregate, finally sinking by the bow on top of one of the barrier's gates where she lay for several days. Initially the gate could not be closed as it was covered in a thick layer of gravel. A longer term problem was the premature loss of paint on the flat side of the gate caused by abrasion. One estimate of the cost of flooding damage, had it occurred, was around £13 billion. The vessel was refloated in mid-November 1997.

The barrier was closed twice on 9 November 2007 after a storm surge in the North Sea which was compared to the one in 1953. The main danger of flooding from the surge was on the coast above the Thames Barrier, where evacuations took place, but the winds abated a little and, at the Thames Barrier, the 9 November 2007 storm surge did not completely coincide with high tide.

The barrier was originally designed to protect London against a big flood level. The defence level included long-term changes in sea and land levels as understood at that time (~1970). Despite global warming, and a higher predicted rate of sea level rise, recent analysis suggested the barrier could last until around 2060–2070.

Released in 2005, a study by four respected academics contained a proposal to replace the Thames Barrier with a more ambitious 16 km (10 mi) long barrier across the Thames Estuary from Sheerness in Kent to Southend in Essex.

Environmental chemistry

Environmental chemistry is the scientific study of the chemical and biochemical phenomena that occur in natural places. It is the study of the sources, reactions, transport, effects, and fates of chemical species in the air, soil, and water environments; and the effect of human activity on these. Environmental chemistry is an interdisciplinary science that includes atmospheric, aquatic and soil chemistry, and uses analytical chemistry. It is related to environmental and other areas of science. It is different from green chemistry, which tries to reduce potential pollution at its source.

Environmental chemistry starts by understanding how the uncontaminated environment works. It identifies the chemicals that are present naturally. It studies the concentration and effects of those chemicals. Then, it studies the effects humans have on the environment through the release of chemicals.

Environmental chemists draw on a range of concepts from chemistry and various environmental sciences to assist in their study of what is happening to a chemical in the environment. Important general concepts from chemistry include understanding chemical reactions and equations, solutions, units, sampling, and analytical techniques. Chemists study compounds with biological activity such as pheromones.

A contaminant is a substance present in nature at a level higher than typical levels or that would not otherwise be there. This may be due to human activity. The term contaminant is often used interchangeably with "pollutant", which is a substance that hurts the surrounding environment. While a contaminant is sometimes defined as a substance present in the environment as a result of human activity, but without harmful effects, it is sometimes the case that toxic or harmful effects from contamination only become apparent at a later date.

The "medium" (for example, soil) or organism (for example, fish) affected by the pollutant or contaminant is called a "receptor". A "sink" is a chemical medium or species that retains and interacts with the pollutant.

Chemical measures of water quality include dissolved oxygen, chemical oxygen demand, biochemical oxygen demand, total dissolved solids, pH, nutrients nitrates and phosphorus, heavy metals (including copper, zinc, cadmium, lead and mercury), and pesticides.

Environmental chemistry is used by the Environment Agency (in England and Wales), the Environmental Protection Agency (in the United States) the Association of Public Analysts, and other environmental agencies and research bodies around the world to detect and identify the nature and source of pollutants. These can include:

Quantitative chemical analysis is a key part of environmental chemistry, since it provides the data for most environmental studies.

Common analytical techniques used for quantitative determinations in environmental chemistry include classical wet chemistry, such as gravimetric, titrimetric and electrochemical methods. More sophisticated approaches are used in the determination of trace metals and organic compounds. Metals are commonly measured by atomic spectroscopy and mass spectrometry: Atomic Absorption Spectrophotometry and Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission or Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometric techniques. Organic compounds are commonly measured also using mass spectrometric methods, such as gas chromatography–mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. 

Other parameters often measured in environmental chemistry are radiochemicals. These are pollutants which emit radioactive materials, such as alpha and beta particles, posing danger to human health and the environment. Particle counters and Scintillation counters are most commonly used for these measurements. Bioassays and immunoassays are utilized for toxicity evaluations of chemical effects on various organisms.

Peer-reviewed test methods have been published by government agencies





Foster the People

Foster the People is an American indie pop band from Los Angeles, California. Foster the People have four members: Mark Foster, Isom Innis, Mark Pontius, and Sean Cimino. Their best known song is "Pumped Up Kicks" which was released on September 14, 2010 and reached #1 on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart, #3 on the Rock Songs tally and #3 on the Billboard Hot 100.

So far as of 2014, Foster the People has released 2 Studio albums and 1 EP:




Joseph-Louis Lagrange

Joseph-Louis Lagrange (born Giuseppe Lodovico [Luigi] Lagrangia, Turin, Piedmont, 25 January 1736 – Paris, 10 April 1813) was a mathematician and astronomer. According to one authority, he was "the greatest mathematician of the eighteenth century".

He lived part of his life in Prussia and part in France. He made significant contributions to mathematical analysis, from number theory, to classical and celestial mechanics. 

On the recommendation of Euler and d'Alembert, in 1766 Lagrange succeeded Euler as the director of mathematics at the Prussian Academy of Sciences in Berlin. He stayed there for over twenty years, producing a large body of work and winning several prizes of the French Academy of Sciences. 

Lagrange's treatise on analytical mechanics, first published in 1788, was the best treatment of classical mechanics since Newton, and helped the development of mathematical physics in the nineteenth century.

Lagrange's parents were Italian, although he also had French ancestors on his father's side. In 1787, at age 51, he moved from Berlin to France and became a member of the French Academy, and he remained in France until the end of his life. Therefore, Lagrange is alternatively considered a French and an Italian scientist. 

Lagrange survived the French Revolution and became the first professor of analysis at the École Polytechnique upon its opening in 1794. Napoleon appointed Lagrange to the Legion of Honour and made him a Count of the Empire in 1808. Lagrange is buried in the Panthéon and his name appears as one of the 72 names inscribed on the Eiffel Tower.


Homeless World Cup

The Homeless World Cup is an football competition for homeless people all over the world. Starting in 2003 in Graz, Austria, the competition brings together homeless people with the aim to end homelessness.

Anyone can play, male or female, as long as they are at least 16 years old. They must also have been homeless at some point after the previous year's World Cup, work as a street newspaper seller to earn money or be asylum seekers.

A team of 4 players play, with 3 outfield players and 1 goalkeeper. 4 substitution players are allowed. 

A team gets 3 points for a win. If a match ends in a draw, it is decided by penalty shootout and the winning team gets three points and the losing team gets one point. Games are 14 minutes long, in two seven-minute halves. The field is 22m (long) x 16m (wide).

Since 2003 the competition has taken place in:


The 2006 Homeless World Cup was the filmed as part of a documentary called "Kicking It". directed by Susan Koch and Jeff Werner focusing on the experiences of seven homeless people at the Homeless World Cup football (soccer) game. Residents of Afghanistan; Kenya; Dublin, Ireland; Charlotte, North Carolina; Madrid, Spain and St. Petersburg in Russia were in the documentary which was narrated by actor Colin Farrell. The movie was released in January, 2008 at the Sundance Film Festival and is being distributed by Liberation Entertainment, Netflix and ESPN.


I Know What You Did Last Summer

I Know What You Did Last Summer is a 1997 American teen slasher movie. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Lois Duncan. The movie was directed by Jim Gillespie. It stars Jennifer Love Hewitt, Freddie Prinze, Jr., Sarah Michelle Gellar, Matthew Lillard, Neve Campbell and Ryan Phillippe. The writer is Kevin Williamson (the writer of "Scream"). It was followed by two sequels: "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" and "I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer".

On the Fourth of July 1996 in Southport, North Carolina, high school graduates Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt), Ray and George Bronson (Freddie Prinze Jr. and Matthew Lillard) Charlotte Wilson (Neve Campbell), Helen Shivers (Sarah Michelle Gellar), and Barry Cox (Ryan Phillippe) drive to the beach after a night of partying. While driving along a coastal byway, they accidentally hit a pedestrian. Julie's friend Max (Johnny Galecki) passes by them on the road. Julie reassures Max that everything is all right, and he leaves. After some arguing, the group decides to dispose of the body, dumping it in the water. They agree to never again discuss what had happened.

A year later, Julie returns home from her college in Boston for the summer. Since the incident, the friends have gone their separate ways. Julie receives a letter with no return address, stating, "I know what you did last summer!" Disturbed, Julie tracks down Helen, who has returned to Southport to work at her family's department store after a failed attempt at an acting career in New York City. The girls take the note to Barry, who immediately suspects Max. They confront Max on the docks, and Barry threatens him with a hook. Julie meets Ray, who is now working as a fisherman; he unsuccessfully tries to reconcile with her. Julie meets up with George, who is now working as a host for a children's TV show, she showed the letter to George, then Julie and George meet up with Charlotte, who now works at a video store. She reconciles with George and Julie. Later, Max is killed by a figure in a rain slicker wielding a hook. Barry discovers a note in his gym locker saying, "I know." He is then ambushed by the same assailant driving Barry's car.

Meanwhile, Julie, Charlotte and George researches newspaper articles which lead them to believe the man they ran over was a local named David Egan. Helen, George, Charlotte and Julie go to visit with David's sister Missy (Anne Heche) at her home. Missy explains to them that their family was devastated by David's death; she also mentions that a friend of David's named Billy Blue also visited her to pay his last respects. Later that night, the killer sneaks into Helen's house, cuts off her hair while she sleeps, and writes "Soon" in lipstick on her vanity mirror.

The following morning, Julie, Charlotte and George find Max's corpse wearing Barry's stolen jacket in the trunk of their car. When Julie calls the others, the body is missing. Julie, Charlotte, George, Helen, and Barry confront Ray about the recent events. Ray claims to have received a threatening letter as well. Julie goes back to visit Missy, while Barry and Helen go to participate in the Fourth of July parade. Missy reveals David allegedly committed suicide out of guilt for the death of his girlfriend Susie in a car accident and shows David's suicide note to Julie and George. As the writing matches that of the note she received, Julie and George realise it was not a suicide note, but a death threat.

At the Croaker Beauty Pageant, Helen witnesses Barry and Charlotte being murdered on the balcony. She rushes upstairs with a police officer but finds no sign of the killer or Barry or Charlotte. A police officer escorts Helen home, but the killer lures him into an alley and murders him. Helen flees to her nearby family store, where her sister Elsa (Bridgette Wilson) is closing for the night. The killer enters the store and murders Elsa. Helen is chased to the third floor of the building and escapes through a window, falling to a long alleyway. She manages to run toward the street, but the killer stops her and slashes her to death, her screams being drowned out by the sound of the oncoming parade.

Julie and George find an article mentioning Susie's father, Ben Willis (Muse Watson), and realise that Ben was the man they ran over, moments after he had killed David to avenge his daughter. She and George then go to the docks to tell Ray, but he refuses to believe them. Julie and George notice Ray's boat is called Billy Blue and run away. Ben appears, knocking Ray unconscious, and invites both Julie and George to hide on his boat. On the boat, they find photos and articles about their friends and them, and pictures of Susie. Ben's boat leaves the docks, and he begins tormenting Julie and George, chasing them below deck; there, they uncover the bodies of Helen, Charlotte and Barry in the boat's ice box. Ray regains consciousness and steals a motorboat to rescue Julie and George. He ultimately uses the rigging to sever Ben's hand and send him overboard. When the police question them, they deny knowing why Ben attempted to kill them, but they are relieved not to have actually killed anybody the previous summer, and reconcile.

A year later, both Julie and George are in college in Boston. As Julie enters the shower, she notices the words "I still know" on the mirror. Moments later, a dark figure crashes through it as Julie screams in horror.



Amu Darya

The Amu Darya (, "Āmūdaryā"; , "Jihôn" or "Jayhoun"; , "Gozan" ), also called Oxus and Amu River, is a major river in Central Asia. It is formed by the junction of the Vakhsh and Panj. In ancient times, the river was regarded as the boundary between Iran and Turan.

In antiquity, the river was known as "Vaksu" to Indo-Aryans.

In ancient Afghanistan, the river was also called "Gozan", descriptions of which can be found in the book "The Kingdom of Afghanistan: a historical sketch By George Passman Tate".

In classical antiquity, the river was known as the "Ōxus" in Latin and Ὦξος "Oxos" in Greek.

The name "Amu" is said to have come from the medieval city of "Āmul", (later, Chahar Joy/Charjunow, and now known as "Türkmenabat"), in modern Turkmenistan. "Darya" is the Persian word for "river".

Amu Darya is a river almost in reverse. It gets its water from a powerful glacier fed stream high in the Pamir Knot at the eastern end of Afghanistan's "Wakhan Corridor", and does not end at the sea but spreads out into the sands of Turkmenistan's" Kyzyl Kum" desert instead of the inland Aral Sea as it did in former times.

In the traditions of the Islamic prophet Muhammad (hadith), the river is called by the name Jayhan (Arabic form of its ancient name Gozan).

Historians tell us that one of the most ancient names for the Oxus or Amu in ancient Afghanistan was Jayhan. A name used by Greek, Mongol, Chinese, Persian, Jewish and Afghanastan historians. .

The river's total length is and its drainage basin totals in area. The river is navigable for over . All of the water comes from the high mountains in the south where annual precipitation can be over . Even before large-scale irrigation began, high summer evaporation meant that not all of this discharge reached the Aral Sea - though there is some evidence the large Pamir glaciers provided enough melt water for the Aral to overflow during the 13th and 14th centuries A.D.

Historical records state that in different periods, the river flowed into the Aral Sea (from the south), the Caspian Sea (from the east) or both, similar to the "Syr Darya" (Jaxartes, in Ancient Greek).

About of land is drained by the Amu Darya into the Aral Sea endorheic basin. This includes most of Tajikistan, the southwest corner of Kyrgyzstan, the northeast corner of Afghanistan, a long narrow portion of western Turkmenistan and about half of Uzbekistan. About 61% of the drainage lies within Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan, while 39% is in Afghanistan.
Of the area drained by the Amu Darya, only about actively contribute water to the river.
This is because many of the river's major tributaries (especially the "Zeravshan River") have been diverted, and much of the river's drainage is dominated by outlying desert and steppe.

The abundant water flowing in the Amu Darya almost entirely comes from glaciers in the Pamir Mountains and "Tian Shan",
which, standing above the surrounding arid plain, collect atmospheric moisture which otherwise would probably have escaped somewhere else. Without its mountain water sources, the Amu Darya would not contain any water because it rarely rains in the lowlands that characterize most of the river. Throughout most of the steppe, the annual rainfall is about .

The Amu Darya is (also theJayhan river)

was called the "Oxus" by the ancient Greeks. In ancient times, the river Jayhan was regarded as the boundary between Irān and Tūrān. The river Jayhan drainage lies in the area between the former empires of Genghis Khan and Alexander the Great, although they occurred at much different times. One southern route of the Silk Road ran along part of the Jayhan river northwestward from Termez before going westwards to the Caspian Sea.

It is believed that the Amu Darya's course across the Kara-Kum Desert has gone through several major shifts in the past few thousand years. Much of the time, the most recent period being in the 13th century to the late 16th century, the Amu Darya emptied into both the Aral and the Caspian Seas. Sometimes, the flow through the two branches was more or less equal, but often, most of the Amu Darya's flow split to the west and flowed into the Caspian.

People began to settle along the lower Amu Darya and the Uzboy in the 5th century A.D., establishing a thriving chain of agricultural lands, towns, and cities.

The first British explorer who reached the region was a naval officer called John Wood. He was sent on an expedition to find the source of the river in 1839. He found modern day Lake Zorkul, called it Lake Victoria and proclaimed he had found the source. Then, the French explorer and geographer Thibaut Viné collected a lot of informations about this area during five expeditions between 1856 and 1862.

The Soviet Union became the ruling power in the 20th century. The Soviet Union fell in the 1990s and Central Asia split up into the many smaller countries that lie within or partially within the Amu Darya basin. In the 1960s and 1970s, the Amu Darya and Syr Darya were first used by the Soviets to irrigate extensive cotton fields in the Central Asian plain. Before this time, water from the rivers was already being used for agriculture, but not on this massive scale. The Qaraqum Canal, Karshi Canal, and Bukhara Canal were among the larger of the irrigation diversions built. The Main Turkmen Canal was a proposed project that would have diverted water along the dry Uzboy River bed into central Turkmenistan, but was never built.

The Oxus river, and Arnold's poem, provide a literary background for the 1930s children's book The Far-Distant Oxus.


Founding Fathers of the United States

The Founding Fathers refers to certain men who lived during the American Revolutionary War era. These men signed the Declaration of Independence, either helped write the Constitution of the United States, or helped win the American Revolutionary War. Many of these men were members of the Continental Congress at some point. The term "Founding Fathers" was first used for these people in 1916.

There were many people who were Founding Fathers. Some scholars like to limit them to a small number, such as seven: George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison.

Most of the Founding Fathers were large landowners or rich merchants. Most of them owned slaves. After the Constitution, many of the Founding Fathers became leaders in the federal government. Five of them, Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, and James Monroe, were later elected president of the United States. 

CNDO/2

CNDO is the short cut for Complete Neglect of Differential Overlap. It is both 1) a method for learning key facts about molecular orbitals as well as 2) the name of a particular set of computer programs. CNDO is based on quantum chemistry. It is one of the first semi-empirical quantum chemistry methods. It uses two approximations:

CNDO builds a mathematical model of a molecule. CNDO starts with the position of the positively charged nuclei of the atoms and the negatively charged electron clouds surrounding them. Quantum chemistry tells the model the probability distribution of electron locations based on atomic orbitals. From this information, CNDO computes data about the resulting molecular orbitals.

CNDO/2 is the main version of CNDO. John Pople and coworkers first wrote CNDO/2.


Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers

Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers (CAPIF) is a group that represents the music industry in Argentina.
"Singles":

"Long plays & cassettes (albums)":

"Compilation albums:"

The criteria for certification were changed as of January 1, 2001. CAPIF certification criteria for albums since that date are:


Non-album formats:

AMPROFON

Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas (AMPROFON) is a group that represents the music industry in Mexico.

Signature song

A signature song is a song that is best known for a music artist because of its popularity among their fans. Signature songs can be songs that helped boost an artist's fan base, popularity, fame, and bookings. 

Selena (movie)

Selena is an epic biographical drama movie. It was released on March 21, 1997, by Warner Bros. Gregory Nava was the director and the screenwriter. The movie is about the singer Selena. She was murdered at age 23 by her friend, an ex-employee of her clothing stores. The movie also describes how Selena started in the music business and her family's problems. Jennifer Lopez starred as Selena, and many music critics believe this movie made Lopez famous. "Selena" was produced by Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. (Selena's father), Moctesuma Esparza and Robert Katz.

Lopez was given $1 million for her role as Selena, making her the highest-paid Hispanic woman ever, at the time. The contained two unreleased songs, two tribute songs and two melodies. It reached number seven on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. It was certified platinum for shipments of one million copies in the United States.bagamash

Nava had a budget of $20 million to make this movie. They filmed the movie in Corpus Christi, San Antonio and Houston, Texas. Over 35,000 fans participated in the Houston Astrodome scene. The movie made $15,599,598 on its first week, the number one movie for that week. In total, it made $35,281,794 in 101 days. "Selena" had mostly good reviews from critics, though many thought the movie did not tell the true story of Selena. The movie won several ALMA Awards and Imagen Foundation Awards. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award, MTV Movie Awards and a Young Artist Award.

The movie starts with Selena (Jennifer Lopez) getting ready for her Houston Astrodome concert on February 26, 1995. After her performance, the movie goes back in time to 1961. Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. (Edward James Olmos) and his band Los Dinos are at band practice. After band practice, they went to see a promoter in the other side of town. Los Dinos are then discriminated for being Americans of Mexican heritage. Los Dinos then performed at a Spanish nightclub, and are booed off stage by Mexicans for not knowing any Mexican music. The movie goes forward in time to 1981. Abraham had quit his dreams of becoming a music star and began helping his family. After work, Abraham sat down on his chair and began playing the guitar. His youngest child, Selena (Rebecca Lee Meza) was playing a football game in the backyard. She noticed her father and was curious to know what he was doing. She started to sing in front of Abraham. Abraham was surprised, he started a family band, and named it Selena y Los Dinos. He puts A.B. Quintanilla III (Rafael Tamayo) on base and Suzette Quintanilla (Victoria Elena Flores) on drums. Selena became the singer of the group.
The movie is now set in 1989, where Selena is performing at a Houston, Texas festival as an adult. In the next scene, Selena began talking to her cousin (Seidy Lopez) about her dreams of becoming a fashion designer. Suzette (Jackie Guerra) ran upstairs and told them that a rock guitarist is in their kitchen. The three of them began spying to see what's going on. Chris Perez (Jon Seda) began to audition as the band's new guitarist in front of Abraham. Abraham tells A.B. (Jacob Vargas) that he does not like Chris. This is because he is a rocker. However, A.B. tries to tell Abraham that Chris will change his style and look. The next day, Selena asks Chris to eat with her at a pizzeria. In the next scene, Selena's song "Como La Flor" reached number one on "Billboard" which made the group come together and celebrate. Selena is asked to perform in Mexico where 50,000 fans are waiting on her to sing. Selena came out to perform "La Carcacha". However, the crowd became very excited and started pushing people inside of the stage. Selena is later asked by her father to calm down the crowd. She performed a slower version of "Como La Flor" and calmed everyone down. After her performance, she and Chris walked on a pier. Selena told him that she was scared for the first time, while Chris tells Selena that he loves her.

While on the bus, Abraham found out that Chris liked Selena. Abraham tells Chris and Selena that their relationship is over. He then fires Chris and orders him to leave. Selena tried to run after him, however, her father told her that if she did that he will disband the group. After this, Selena and Chris began to meet secretly and they eloped. Selena went to her father's house the next day. Abraham began crying and told Selena that he was sorry. He then accepted Chris into the family. In the next scene, Selena won a Grammy Award and opened her clothing stores. She hired Yolanda Saldivar (Lupe Ontiveros) as the manager. Yolanda began to steal money from these places. After this, Selena started recording songs for her crossover album. Abraham later finds out that Yolanda was stealing money, and holds a meeting to hear Yolanda's side. Yolanda tells Abraham that if given time, she will prove her innocence. Later that night, Selena performed "Si Una Vez" at the Houston Astrodome on February 26, 1995. After that night, Selena asked her mother to scratch her head and that she and Chris are thinking of starting a family. Selena then dreams of the crossover tour and sings "Dreaming of You". After Selena sings the opening of the song, a rose is thrown at her. Selena is seen being rushed to the hospital. Reporters tells everyone that Selena was shot by Saldívar during an argument over the missing financial records. In the next scene, a doctor walks towards Selena's parents. He tells them that Selena has died. "Dreaming of You" is played again, while her fans are seen holding pictures of her during a candlelight vigil. The movie ends with a picture of Selena waving goodbye reading "April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995".

This is a list of the actors and their roles in "Selena":

Selena's family wanted to make a movie about Selena's life. They searched Hollywood, California for movie producers. Abraham then contacted Moctesuma Esparza and Robert Katz. They chose Gregory Nava as the movie director. Abraham told Esparza and Katz that he did not like Nava because of his "ego". The two producers told Abraham that everyone in Hollywood had an "ego problem". They also told him that Nava was the right guy.

Nava spent one month with the Quintanilla family. He wrote down everything that the family said about Selena. By the fifth week, Nava had written the movie and showed Abraham the draft. Abraham was not happy — he did not want Selena's fans to think that eloping was a right thing to do. He also did not like the conflict between his character and Chris Perez. Nava responded that the information was "life events". He also said that even though he may seem like a "bad guy" in the movie, his actions after the marriage would make people see him differently. Abraham agreed and allowed the two stories in the movie. Salma Hayek was originally asked to play the role of Selena in the movie, but she turned it down. She felt that it was "too early" to base a movie on Selena and that it would be too emotional since Selena's death was still being covered on television.

Filming took place in Corpus Christi, San Antonio and Houston, Texas from May to October 1996. Nava posted fliers in Texas asking Selena fans to attend the Houston Astrodome scene. News of this event spread throughout the United States and Mexico. Over 35,000 people attended, some coming from as far as Japan and South America. It took over 3 hours to put makeup on everyone who attended. Producing the Astrodome scene cost about $2 million. The budget of the movie was $20 million.

The movie's trailer was released worldwide in December 1996. Nava spent $1 million on promotions for "Selena".

The soundtrack of the movie was released on March 11, 1997 by EMI Latin. The soundtrack included two songs that Selena did not release when she was alive: "Is It the Beat?" and "Where Did the Feeling Go?". It included two medleys — "Disco Medley" and the "Cumbia Medley". They are live versions Selena sang during her Houston Astrodome concert. Two tribute songs were also in the album. "Viviras Selena" includes Tejano singers and the Barrio Boyzz. "One More Time", which was composed by Olmos is performed by Lil'Ray. The "Oldies Medley" was performed by the Vidal Brothers. The soundtrack reached at number seven on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and number 36 on Canada's "RPM". It was later certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of 1,000,000 copies in the United States. The album was produced by Selena's brother, Quintanilla III.

Chuck Eddy of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the soundtrack an "A" rating and stated that the soundtrack had everything a "right posthumous" album should have. Eddy also stated that listening to the album reveals why Selena's death impacted many Americans. Enrique Lopetegui of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that "One More Time" was a "corny but effective" tribute to Selena. Lopetegui commented that "Viviras Selena" was the "weakest track" of the album and that "Is It the Beat?" was one of the "best songs" of "Selena". He believed that "Where Did the Feeling Go?" was one of the "strongest". Lopetegui also stated that "Where Did the Feeling Go?" was similar to "Vision of Love" which was recorded by Mariah Carey. Lopetegui compared "Is It the Beat?" to the song "I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me)" by Whitney Houston, which had similar beats and sounds. A "Miami Herald" writer believed the soundtrack was "uneven" and stated that Selena's unreleased recordings "outshines" the rest of the songs on the album. A score was released in the summer of 1997 and had music by Dave Grusin.

Before the movie was released, Selena fans were not happy that a Puerto Rican would play the part of a Mexican American singer. Many fans changed their views on Lopez after the Houston Astrodome scene was done filming. The movie opened in 1,850 theaters worldwide. "Selena" was released on March 21, 1997, and grossed $11,615,722, making it the second-highest debut for that week. It grossed $15,599,598 during its first week and became the number-one movie for that week. The next week, the movie grossed $24,285,142. In total, "Selena" grossed $35,281,794. It became the first and only movie directed by Nava to reach the 30 millionth mark. "Selena" was in theaters for 101 days, and Lopez's portrayal of Selena became the "breakthrough role" (becoming very important) for her career. She became very popular after the movie was released. "Selena" was released on VHS and DVD in fall 1997. On September 18, 2007, Warner Bros. released a 10th anniversary of the movie. It featured unreleased "behind the scenes" and extras.

The movie had mostly positive feedback from critics. Enrique Fernandez of the "Sun Sentinel" wrote that Nava did a great job in "catching the audience" with "Selena". Fernandez also stated that Lopez had a "terrific characterization" of Selena. Steve Persall of the "St. Petersburg Times" believed that Nava did not do a good job in retelling Selena's murder. Persall believed Nava was under pressure by Selena's family and fans to tell a more "fairy tale" movie then a "real life event". Daisann McLane of "Sun Sentinel" agreed that the movie was more of a "fairy tale" and that "the movie is the family's version of the story". McLane believed that "Selena" "lie[d]" about Selena's "real life". Stuart Elliott of "Austin American-Statesmen" wrote that "Selena" became a "breakthrough success" in Selena's career. Elliott believed that Nava had "perfect[ed]" every scene and that female Hispanics in America can relate to the conflicts and the climax of the story.

Selena ¡VIVE!

Selena ¡VIVE! was a tribute concert that was held on April 7, 2005. It was held a week after the 10th anniversary of Selena's death. Over 65,000 fans attended the concert, which featured high-profile artists.

"Selena ¡VIVE!" is the highest-rated and most-viewed Spanish-language show in American television history. The show, which lasted over three hours, scored a 35.9 Nielsen household rating.

You and I

"You and I" is a song by American pop singer Lady Gaga from her third album "Born This Way". it was released as the fourth single from the album on August 23, 2011. Gaga wrote the song herself and produced it with R.J. "Mutt" Lange, who is known for his 14-year marriage to Canadian country pop singer Shania Twain and was Twain's writing partner and producer.

The song reached the top ten in the US and Canada. The Recording Industry Association of America certified the song triple-Platinum on February 29, 2016, for sales and shipments of three million copies across the United States.

Gaga is seen on a farm in Nebraska and is dressed in various outfits: in one point, she is wearing a straitjacket, and another time, she is dressed as a mermaid. Actor Taylor Kinney plays Gaga's love interest in the video. Kinney and Gaga dated for nearly five years after making the music video.

Kalam

Kalām (, literally "speech" or "words") is the Islamic discipline of seeking theological knowledge through dialectic (debate and argument). It also promotes prudence and logical reasoning. A practitioner of kalām is called a "mutakallim" (plural "mutakallimiin").


Ohio Senate

The Ohio State Senate is the upper house of the Ohio General Assembly. There are 33 State Senators. The state legislature meets in the Ohio Statehouse in Columbus, Ohio. The President of the Senate presides over the body when in session. He is currently Matt Huffman. The Senate is currently controlled by the Republican Party.

Senators serve four year terms. The terms of the Senators are staggered so that about half the membership is elected every two years. The Senators representing the even-numbered districts are elected in years evenly divisible by four. The Senators from the odd-numbered districts are elected in even-numbered years not divisible by four. Senators are limited to two terms.

Each Senator represents approximately 330,000 Ohioans. Each Senate District covers three Ohio House districts.

Other Officers

Clerk: According to the Rules of the Senate, the Clerk is elected by the members of the Senate and is tasked with maintaining records of all Senate bills and resolutions. The Clerk is also responsible for handling all documents received from other government departments. 


Snare drum

The snare drum or side drum is a percussion instrument. It has strands of "snares" made of curled metal wire, metal cable, plastic cable, or gut cords. They are stretched across the skin on the bottom of the drum. Pipe and tabor and some military snare drums can have a second set of snares on the bottom side of the top head. This is used to make a "brighter" sound. The snare drum is considered one of the most important drums of the drum kit.

The snare drum can make some special sounds:



Economic boom

Economic boom is a phase when the economy has a huge increase. It is a natural cycle.

The United States of America had an essential supply of natural resources such as timber, iron, coal, minerals, oil and land. Immigrants provided a plentiful and cheap work force to utilise these resources. This enabled America to become a huge economic power at the beginning of the 20th century. These resources were an important foundation for the economy.

Whilst European economies suffered during the First World War, the USA experienced significant growth. US banks loaned money to Europe and businesses sold much needed goods. The war also provided a stimulus for inventions in production, materials and advertising. Immediately after the war there was a small slump but from 1922 the USA experienced an unprecedented economic boom.

Electricity developed slowly before the war but during the 1920s the electricity industry experienced a huge boom. By 1929 the majority of houses in America had electricity and 70 per cent of them used it for lighting purposes. As a result of the development of factories to produce consumer goods for the American people, the demand for electricity doubled. Electrical power was introduced in factories to drive machinery, and thus it became possible to introduce mass production to a number of factories, e.g. refrigerators, washing machines, vacuum cleaners and radio sets.

The car industry is the best example of mass production during the period. Henry Ford was a pioneer with his idea of producing affordable cars for the people of America. He set about realising his dream by producing his early cars in small workshops. He had groups of men working for him and gradually the cars were built.

Henry Ford and his son posing in the model F Ford car in 1905.
Henry Ford and his son posing in the model F Ford car in 1905
Henry Ford's hard work bore fruit. As he produced more and more cars, he could reduce his prices. By 1925 the price of a car was around $290, which was much cheaper than the price of $850 in 1908. Henry Ford was of the opinion that it was better to sell more cars for a small profit, as that meant employing more workers.

By 1929 Americans owned 23 million cars. The workers earned good wages ($5 per day), thousands of jobs were created, roads were built, petrol stations were built, as were hotels and restaurants. Therefore, the entire economy was given a substantial boost due to the car industry.

In order to help American people to purchase the new goods that were available, systems of hire-purchase and credit were introduced. This meant that a person could buy something by paying for it on a monthly basis. As a result, the majority of Americans could afford expensive goods. In order to encourage Americans to take advantage of the scheme, advertisements were placed on roadsides, on the radio, in newspapers and in cinemas.

During the same period, chain stores appeared for the first time, e.g. J P Penney. Catalogue shopping also became fashionable as it was a convenient way of buying goods.

Tremors (movie)

Tremors is an American science fiction comedy horror movie. It is set in Nevada and is directed by Ron Underwood. The screenplay was written by S.S. Wilson and Brent Maddock.

Valentine and Earl want to go to Bixby, Nevada and they leave the Perfection Valley. A subterranean animal kills five people. The Perfection Valley is in danger.


Tremor

In biology, a tremor is when antagonist muscles move repeatedly without being controlled. There are different forms of tremors. Very often, a tremor is a symptom for another condition, and not its cause. People with a tremor are not necessarily sick. For example, physiological tremors are measurable, but not visible; they occur in all humans.

Grignard reaction

The Grignard reaction (pronounced ) is an organometallic chemical reaction in which alkyl- or aryl-magnesium halides (Grignard reagents) attack electrophilic carbon atoms that are present within polar bonds (for example, in a carbonyl group as in the example shown below). Grignard reagents act as nucleophiles. The Grignard reaction produces a carbon–carbon bond. It alters hybridization about the reaction center. The Grignard reaction is an important tool in the formation of carbon–carbon bonds. It also can form carbon–phosphorus, carbon–tin, carbon–silicon, carbon–boron and other carbon–heteroatom bonds.

It is a nucleophilic organometallic addition reaction. The high pK value of the alkyl component (pK = ~45) makes the reaction irreversible. Grignard reactions are not ionic. The Grignard reagent exists as an organometallic cluster (in ether).

The disadvantage of Grignard reagents is that they readily react with protic solvents (such as water), or with functional groups with acidic protons, such as alcohols and amines. Atmospheric humidity can alter the yield of making a Grignard reagent from magnesium turnings and an alkyl halide. One of many methods used to exclude water from the reaction atmosphere is to flame-dry the reaction vessel to evaporate all moisture, which is then sealed to prevent moisture from returning. Chemists then use ultrasound to activate the surface of the magnesium so that it consumes any water present. This can allow Grignard reagents to form with less sensitivity to water being present.

Another disadvantage of Grignard reagents is that they do not readily form carbon–carbon bonds by reacting with alkyl halides by an S2 mechanism.

François Auguste Victor Grignard discovered Grignard reactions and reagents. They are named after this French chemist (University of Nancy, France) who was awarded the 1912 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work.

The addition of the Grignard reagent to a carbonyl typically proceeds through a six-membered ring transition state.

However, with steric hindered Grignard reagents, the reaction may proceed by single-electron transfer.

Grignard reactions will not work if water is present; water causes the reagent to rapidly decompose. So, most Grignard reactions occur in solvents such as anhydrous diethyl ether or tetrahydrofuran (THF), because the oxygen in these solvents stabilizes the magnesium reagent. The reagent may also react with oxygen present in the atmosphere. This will insert an oxygen atom between the carbon base and the magnesium halide group. Usually, this side-reaction may be limited by the volatile solvent vapors displacing air above the reaction mixture. Chemists may perform the reactions in nitrogen or argon atmospheres. In small scale reactions, the solvent vapours do not have enough space to protect the magnesium from oxygen.
Grignard reagents are formed by the action of an alkyl or aryl halide on magnesium metal. The reaction is conducted by adding the organic halide to a suspension of magnesium in an ether, which provides ligands required to stabilize the organomagnesium compound. Typical solvents are diethyl ether and tetrahydrofuran. Oxygen and protic solvents such as water or alcohols are not compatible with Grignard reagents. The reaction proceeds through single electron transfer.

Grignard reactions often start slowly. First, there is an induction period during which reactive magnesium becomes exposed to the organic reagents. After this induction period, the reactions can be highly exothermic. Alkyl and aryl bromides and iodides are common substrates. Chlorides are also used, but fluorides are generally unreactive, except with specially activated magnesium, such as Rieke magnesium.

Many Grignard reagents, such as methylmagnesium chloride, phenylmagnesium bromide, and allylmagnesium bromide are available commercially in tetrahydrofuran or diethyl ether solutions.

Using the Schlenk equilibrium, Grignard reagents form varying amounts of diorganomagnesium compounds (R = organic group, X = halide):

Many methods have been developed to initiate Grignard reactions that are slow to start. These methods weaken the layer of MgO that covers the magnesium. They expose the magnesium to the organic halide to start the reaction that makes the Grignard reagent.

Mechanical methods include crushing of the Mg pieces "in situ", rapid stirring, or using ultrasound (sonication) of the suspension. Iodine, methyl iodide, and 1,2-dibromoethane are commonly employed activating agents. Chemists use 1,2-dibromoethane because its action can be monitored by the observation of bubbles of ethylene. Also, the side-products are innocuous:
The amount of Mg consumed by these activating agents is usually insignificant.

The addition of a small amount of mercuric chloride will amalgamate the surface of the metal, allowing it to react.

Grignard reagents are produced in industry for use in place, or for sale. As with at bench-scale, the main problem is that of initiation. A portion of a previous batch of Grignard reagent is often used as the initiator. Grignard reactions are exothermic; this exothermicity must be considered when a reaction is scaled-up from laboratory to production plant.

Grignard reagents will react with a variety of carbonyl derivatives.

The most common application is for alkylation of aldehydes and ketones, as in this example:
Note that the acetal function (a masked carbonyl) does not react.

Such reactions usually involve a water-based acidic workup, though this is rarely shown in reaction schemes. In cases where the Grignard reagent is adding to a prochiral aldehyde or ketone, the Felkin-Anh model or Cram's Rule can usually predict which stereoisomer will form.

In addition, Grignard reagents will react with electrophiles.

Another example is making salicylaldehyde (not shown above). First, bromoethane reacts with Mg in ether. Second, phenol in THF converts the phenol into Ar-OMgBr. Third, benzene is added in the presence of paraformaldehyde powder and triethylamine. Fourth, the mixture is distilled to remove the solvents. Next, 10% HCl is added. Salicylaldehyde will be the major product as long as everything is very dry and under inert conditions. The reaction works also with iodoethane instead of bromoethane.

The Grignard reagent is very useful for forming carbon–heteroatom bonds.

A Grignard reagent can also be involved in coupling reactions. For example, nonylmagnesium bromide reacts with methyl "p"-chlorobenzoate to give "p"-nonylbenzoic acid, in the presence of Tris(acetylacetonato)iron(III), often symbolized as Fe(acac), after workup with NaOH to hydrolyze the ester, shown as follows. Without the Fe(acac), the Grignard reagent would attack the ester group over the aryl halide.

For the coupling of aryl halides with aryl Grignards, nickel chloride in tetrahydrofuran (THF) is also a good catalyst. Additionally, an effective catalyst for the couplings of alkyl halides is dilithium tetrachlorocuprate (LiCuCl), prepared by mixing lithium chloride (LiCl) and copper(II) chloride (CuCl) in THF. The Kumada-Corriu coupling gives access to [substituted] styrenes.

The oxidation of a Grignard reagent with oxygen takes place through a radical intermediate to a magnesium hydroperoxide. Hydrolysis of this complex yields hydroperoxides and reduction with an additional equivalent of Grignard reagent gives an alcohol.
formula_1
A reaction of Grignards with oxygen in presence of an alkene makes an ethylene extended alcohol. These are useful in synthesizing larger compounds. This modification requires aryl or vinyl Grignard reagents. Adding just the Grignard and the alkene does not result in a reaction, showing that the presence of oxygen is essential. The only drawback is the requirement of at least two equivalents of Grignard reagent in the reaction. This can addressed by using a dual Grignard system with a cheap reducing Grignard reagent such as n-butylmagnesium bromide.

Grignard reagents are nucleophiles in nucleophilic aliphatic substitutions for instance with alkyl halides in a key step in industrial Naproxen production:

In the Boord olefin synthesis, the addition of magnesium to certain β-haloethers results in an elimination reaction to the alkene. This reaction can limit the utility of Grignard reactions.

Grignard degradation at one time was a tool in structure identification (elucidation) in which a Grignard RMgBr formed from a heteroaryl bromide HetBr reacts with water to Het-H (bromine replaced by a hydrogen atom) and MgBrOH. This hydrolysis method allows the determination of the number of halogen atoms in an organic compound. In modern usage, Grignard degradation is used in the chemical analysis of certain triacylglycerols.

An example of the Grignard reaction is a key step in the industrial production of Tamoxifen. (Tamoxifen is currently used for the treatment of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer):



Peach (disambiguation)

Peach can mean:


Giant Magellan Telescope

The Giant Magellan Telescope (GMT) will be the world's largest telescope when it is completed in 2025. Instead of one large mirror, the GMT will have seven separate mirrors working together. This will mean its collecting area is bigger than the actual mirror surfaces. It will be made of seven diameter mirror parts. It will have a the resolving power of a mirror. Its collecting area will be the same as a mirror. The telescope will have over four times the ability to gather light than existing telescopes. It will produce images up to ten times clearer than the Hubble Space Telescope. It will cost $700 million.

The location of the telescope is the Las Campanas Observatory, which is also the site of the Magellan Telescopes, some northeast of La Serena, Chile. This area has clear weather for most of the year. The night sky in most of the surrounding Atacama Desert region is free from atmospheric pollution. With few cities nearby this is probably one of the places least affected by light pollution. All of this makes the area one of the best spots on Earth for long-term astronomical observation.

The telescope is unique because it will use seven mirror sections, each in diameter. These segments will then be arranged to form a single optical surface. This is difficult as the surface of the outer six mirror segments is not radially symmetrical (that is, they are off-axis). This requires a small change in the way mirrors are usually polished. All seven mirrors will be arranged so that the reflecting surface of each of them is on a common axis. One mirror will be in the center and the other six arranged symmetrically around the center. A focal plane will be on-axis with the entire assembly. The plan is to build seven identical off-axis mirrors. The spare mirror has been made to replace a mirror when it needs recoating, a 1–2 week (per segment) process required every 1–2 years.

The Steward Observatory, at the University of Arizona, is making the mirrors in a laboratory beneath the university's football stadium. It is using a rotating furnace to make the mirror. The casting of the first mirror was completed on November 3, 2005. But the time-consuming shaping and polishing will be completed in the autumn of 2011.

The telescope will make use of adaptive optics.

The following is a list of the group which is developing the telescope.
George P. Mitchell, founder of Mitchell Energy & Development Corp., and The Cynthia and George Mitchell Foundation are giving $25 million to help pay for the telescope.



Stinging nettle

Stinging nettles ("Urtica dioica") are a type of plant which have stinging defensive hairs on the leaves and stems. Stinging nettles can be found in America, Europe and Asia. 

The hairs inject histamine and other chemicals that produce a stinging sensation when contacted by humans and other animals. Soaking stinging nettles in water or cooking removes the stinging chemicals from the plant, which allows them to be handled and eaten without injury. 

The plant has been used as medicine, food, tea and fibre. Nettles are sometimes used in cheesemaking, as nettle soup or as substitute for spinach. Its stems contain a bast fibre that is used for the same purposes as linen. Nettles have been used to make clothing for 2,000 years.

Stinging nettles are important food plants for several butterflies, like the peacock butterfly and the small tortoiseshell. Also some deers and other animals eat the plant, preferred the leaf shot.

Ferrari F50

The Ferrari F50 is a sports car made by Ferrari in 1995. It was created to celebrate the company's 50th anniversary. The car has two doors. It is a two-seated convertible with a removable hardtop. It has a 4.7 L V12 engine that was based on the 3.5 L V12 used in the 1992 Ferrari F92A Formula One car.

Only 349 Ferrari F50's were made. This was because Ferrari wanted it to be rare. The last F50 was produced in Maranello, Italy in July 1997.

It was made in 5 different colors: red, dark red, yellow, black and silver.

The Ferrari F50 can reach a top speed of 205 miles per hour.

Mass spectrum

A mass spectrum is an intensity versus "m/z" (mass-to-charge ratio) plot that represents a chemical analysis. The mass spectrum of a sample is a pattern representing the distribution of ions by mass (more correctly: mass-to-charge ratio) in a sample. It is a histogram usually made using an instrument called a mass spectrometer. Not all mass spectra of a given substance are the same. It can depend on the operating conditions of the instrument. For example, some mass spectrometers break the analyte molecules into many pieces; others observe the intact molecular masses with little fragmentation. A mass spectrum can represent many different types of information based on the type of mass spectrometer and the specific experiment; however, all plots of intensity vs. mass-to-charge are called "mass spectra".

Common fragmentation processes for organic molecules are the McLafferty rearrangement and alpha cleavage.

In the past, chemists with PhD degrees were needed to interpret mass spectra. Today, computer programs read the data and identify the compounds in a sample.


Stuntman (video game)

Stuntman is a racing/action video game that was published by Infogrames and Atari. It was released for the PlayStation 2 and the Game Boy Advance systems. The game is also featured as a mobile phone game which could be downloaded. Stuntman was followed by the 2007 sequel, . The game received positive reviews, GameSpot gave it a 8.0 out of 10 and IGN gave it a 8.6 out of 10.

The game was followed by sequel, called "" released in 2007.


Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)

"Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" is a single by Lady Gaga. It appeared on Gaga's debut album "The Fame" and was released as a single on January 10, 2009. Its music video references Gaga's Italian heritage. Though the single did not chart in the United States, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song gold on February 29, 2016, for shipments and streams equal to 500,000 copies there. "Eh, Eh" charted in the top ten in France, New Zealand and Sweden.

SN2 reaction

The S2 reaction (also known as bimolecular nucleophilic substitution) is a substitution reaction in organic chemistry. It is a type of nucleophilic substitution, where a lone pair from a nucleophile attacks an electron deficient electrophilic center and bonds to it. This expels another group called a "leaving group". So, the incoming group replaces the leaving group in one step. Since two reacting species are involved in the slow, rate-determining step of the reaction, this leads to the name "bimolecular nucleophilic substitution", or "S2". Among inorganic chemists, the S2 reaction is often known as the "interchange mechanism".

The reaction most often occurs at an aliphatic sp carbon center with an electronegative, stable leaving group attached to it - 'X' - frequently a halide atom. The breaking of the C-X bond and the formation of the new C-Nu bond occur simultaneously to form a transition state in which the carbon under nucleophilic attack is pentacoordinate, and approximately sp hybridized. The nucleophile attacks the carbon at 180° to the leaving group, since this provides the best overlap between the nucleophile's lone pair and the C-X σ* antibonding orbital. The leaving group is then pushed off the opposite side and the product is formed.

If the substrate under nucleophilic attack is chiral, this can lead, although not necessarily, to an inversion of stereochemistry, called the Walden inversion.

In an example of the S2 reaction, the attack of OH (the nucleophile) on a bromoethane (the electrophile) results in ethanol, with bromide ejected as the leaving group:
A S2 reaction occurs if the backside route of attack is not blocked by other atoms in the molecule (sterically hindered by substituents on the substrate). So, this mechanism usually occurs at an unhindered primary carbon center. If there is steric crowding on the substrate near the leaving group, such as at a tertiary carbon center, the substitution will use an S1 rather than an S2 mechanism, (an S1 would also be more likely with blocked molecules because a sufficiently stable carbocation intermediary could be formed.)

In coordination chemistry, associative substitution proceeds by a similar mechanism as S2.

Four factors affect the rate of the reaction:




The rate of an S2 reaction is second order, as the rate-determining step depends on the nucleophile concentration, <nowiki>[</nowiki>Nu<nowiki>]</nowiki> as well as the concentration of substrate, <nowiki>[RX]</nowiki>.

This is a key difference between the S1 and S2 mechanisms. In the S1 reaction, the nucleophile attacks after the rate-limiting step is over. But in a S2 reaction, the nucleophile forces off the leaving group in the limiting step. In other words, the rate of S1 reactions depend only on the concentration of the substrate while the S2 reaction rate depends on the concentration of both the substrate and nucleophile. In cases where both mechanisms are possible (for example at a secondary carbon center), the mechanism depends on solvent, temperature, concentration of the nucleophile or on the leaving group.

S2 reactions are generally favored in primary alkyl halides or secondary alkyl halides with an aprotic solvent. They occur at a negligible rate in tertiary alkyl halides due to steric hindrance.

S2 and S1 are two extremes of a sliding scale of reactions. It is possible to find many reactions which exhibit both S2 and S1 character in their mechanisms. For instance, it is possible to get a contact ion pairs formed from an alkyl halide in which the ions are not fully separated. When these undergo substitution the stereochemistry will be inverted (as in S2) for many of the reacting molecules but a few may show retention of configuration. S2 reactions are more common than S1 reactions.

A common side reaction taking place with S2 reactions is E2 elimination: the incoming anion can act as a base rather than as a nucleophile, removing a proton and leading to formation of the alkene. This effect can be demonstrated in the gas-phase reaction between a sulfonate and a simple alkyl bromide taking place inside a mass spectrometer:

With ethyl bromide, the reaction product is predominantly the substitution product. As steric hindrance around the electrophilic center increases, as with isobutyl bromide, substitution is disfavored and elimination is the predominant reaction. Other factors favoring elimination are the strength of the base. With the less basic benzoate substrate, isopropyl bromide reacts with 55% substitution. In general, gas phase reactions and solution phase reactions of this type follow the same trends, even though in the first, solvent effects are dropped.

A development attracting attention in 2008 concerns a S2 roundabout mechanism observed in a gas-phase reaction between chloride ions and methyl iodide with a special technique called "crossed molecular beam imaging". When the chloride ions have sufficient velocity, the energy of the resulting iodide ions after the collision is much lower than expected, and it is theorized that energy is lost as a result of a full roundabout of the methyl group around the iodine atom before the actual displacement takes place.


SN1 reaction

The S1 reaction is a substitution reaction in organic chemistry. "S" stands for nucleophilic substitution and the "1" represents the fact that the rate-determining step involves only one molecule (unimolecular). The reaction involves a carbocation intermediate. Some common S1 reactions are of secondary or tertiary alkyl halides under strongly basic conditions or, under strongly acidic conditions, with secondary or tertiary alcohols. With primary alkyl halides, the alternative S2 reaction occurs. Among inorganic chemists, the S1 reaction is often known as the "dissociative mechanism". Christopher Ingold et al. first proposed the reaction mechanism in 1940.

An example of a reaction taking place with an S1 reaction mechanism is the hydrolysis of tert-butyl bromide with water to form tert-butyl alcohol:

This S1 reaction takes place in three steps:


Because the first step is the bottleneck or "rate-determining step" chemists classify the entire reaction mechanism as S1. Only one molecule is needed for that step.

Sometimes a molecule can react using either an S1 or an S2 mechanism.
The S1 mechanism will win this competition when the central carbon atom is surrounded by bulky groups because such groups sterically hinder the S2 reaction. Additionally, bulky substituents on the central carbon increase the rate of carbocation formation because of the relief of steric strain that occurs. The resultant carbocation is also stabilized by both inductive stabilization and hyperconjugation from attached alkyl groups. The Hammond-Leffler postulate says that this too will increase the rate of carbocation formation. The S1 mechanism therefore dominates in reactions at tertiary alkyl centers and is further observed at secondary alkyl centers in the presence of weak nucleophiles.

An example of a reaction proceeding in a S1 way is the synthesis of "2,5-dichloro-2,5-dimethylhexane" from the corresponding diol with concentrated hydrochloric acid:
As the alpha and beta substitutions increase with respect to leaving groups, the reaction is diverted from S2 to S1.

The carbocation intermediate formed in the reaction's rate limiting step is an "sp" hybridized carbon with trigonal planar molecular geometry. This allows two different paths for the nucleophilic attack, one on either side of the planar molecule. If neither path is preferentially favored, these two paths will be used equally, yielding a racemic mix of enantiomers if the reaction takes place at a stereocenter. This is illustrated below in the S1 reaction of S-3-chloro-3-methylhexane with an iodide ion, which yields a racemic mixture of 3-iodo-3-methylhexane:

However, an excess of one stereoisomer can be observed, as the leaving group can remain close to the carbocation intermediate for a short time and block nucleophilic attack. This is very different than the S2 mechanism, which does not mix the stereochemistry of the product (a stereospecific mechanism). The S2 mechanism always inverts the molecule's stereochemistry.

Two common side reactions are elimination reactions and carbocation rearrangement. If the reaction is performed under warm or hot conditions (which favor an increase in entropy), E1 elimination is likely to predominate, leading to formation of an alkene. At lower temperatures, S1 and E1 reactions are competitive reactions. So, it becomes difficult to favor one over the other. Even if the reaction is performed cold, some alkene may be formed. If an attempt is made to perform an S1 reaction using a strongly basic nucleophile such as hydroxide or methoxide ion, the alkene will again be formed, this time via an E2 elimination. This will be especially true if the reaction is heated. Finally, if the carbocation intermediate can rearrange to a more stable carbocation, it will give a product derived from the more stable carbocation rather than the simple substitution product.

Solvents will change the reaction rate. Since the S1 reaction involves formation of an unstable carbocation intermediate in the rate-determining step, anything that can help this will speed up the reaction. The normal solvents of choice are both "polar" (to stabilize ionic intermediates in general) and "protic" (to solvate the leaving group in particular). Typical polar protic solvents include water and alcohols, which will also act as nucleophiles.

The Y scale correlates solvolysis reaction rates of any solvent (k) with that of a standard solvent (80% v/v ethanol/water) (k) through

formula_1

with "m" a reactant constant ("m" = 1 for tert-butyl chloride),
For example 100% ethanol gives Y = −2.3, 50% ethanol in water Y = +1.65 and 15% concentration Y = +3.2.



SC Austria Lustenau

SC Austria Lustenau is a football club from Lustenau, Vorarlberg. The club is playing in the Erste Liga, the second division in Austria.
The club was founded in June 1914 as football department of Turnerbund Lustenau and was named FA Turnerbund Lustenau. This name had the club till 1936. For not having a football assosiation in Vorarlberg the club only played friendly matches. During the time of First World War there were no matches. In 1920 the club started in a regular championship. The first success was the Vorarlberg championship in the 1929/30 season. They were qualified for the Austrian Amateur Championship and reached the final versus Kremser SC. 

In 1936 the club left the Turnerbund Lustenau and became a club of its own. The were renamed to SC Austria Lustenau. In the following years they reached several titels. In 1994 they won the Regionalliga West and were promoted to the First League, the second division in Austrian football. From 1997 to 2000 they played in the Bundesliga, the top division of Austrias football. Since the relegation 2 000 they played in the 2. Liga. In the 2021-22 season they won the league and were promotet to the Bundesliga.

The biggest success so far was the Cup final in 2010/11. Austria Lustenau was the first club from Vorarlberg which ever reached a Cup final. The match was lost against SV Ried. In 2020 they reached again the Cup final but lost again versus FC Red Bull Salzburg.

"Updated 17 December 2021."

Stuntman: Ignition

Stuntman: Ignition is a racing/action video game that was published by THQ and was developed by Paradigm Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 systems. Stuntman: Ignition was the sequel to the 2002 video game, Stuntman. The game received positive reviews, GameSpot gave it a 7.5 out of 10 and IGN gave it a 7.1 out of 10.


Cradle of Humankind

The Cradle of Humankind is a World Heritage Site. It was first named by UNESCO in 1999. The site is about 50 kilometres northwest of Johannesburg, South Africa in the Gauteng province, and occupies . 

The site's limestone caves, including the Sterkfontein Caves, were where fossils were found. A 2.3-million year-old fossil "Australopithecus africanus" (nicknamed 'Mrs. Ples') was found in 1947 by Robert Broom and John T. Robinson. The find followed the 1924 discovery of the juvenile "Australopithecus africanus" skull, 'Taung Child', by Raymond Dart, at Taung in the North West Province of South Africa, where excavations still continue.

The name "Cradle of Humankind" reflects the fact that the site has produced a large number, as well as some of the oldest, hominid fossils ever found, some dating back as far as 3.5 million years ago. Sterkfontein alone has produced more than a third of early hominid fossils ever found.

The remains of several partial skeletons of a previously unknown Australopithecan species were found in 2008 near Johannesburg. They have been dated to about two million year ago (mya). A recent re-examination of two partial skeletons of "Australopithecus sediba" has led to its identification as close to the origin of the genus "Homo". Not all palaeoanthropologists agree this is a new species.

A new analysis shows this species had a human-like pelvis, hands and teeth, and a chimpanzee-like foot. In six separate research reports, palaeontologists reported on the anatomy of a juvenile male skeleton, MH1, a female skeleton, known as MH2, and an isolated adult tibia or shinbone, known as MH4. The findings suggest that some species of australopithecine climbed trees, some walked on the ground, and some did both. 

Colleagues in England investigated the teeth. Like other parts of the skeleton, the teeth are a mosaic of primitive and human-like features.

Lokomotiv Yaroslavl

Lokomotiv Yaroslavl () is a Russian professional ice hockey team playing in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

The Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash occurred on Wednesday, September 7, 2011 at 16:02 local time, when a Yak-Service Yakolev Yak-42 airplane, with the professional ice hockey team and coaching staff of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League, crashed near Yaroslavl, Russia. The team was going to Minsk, Belarus, to start the 2011-12 KHL season against Dinamo Minsk. 44 out of the 45 people on board were confirmed dead, one crew member survived.

 Russian Open Championship winner (3): 1996–97, 2001–02, 2002–03
Runners-up of KHL (2): 2007–08, 2008–09
Bronze medal winner of Russian Open Championship and KHL (4): 1997–98, 1998–99, 2004-2005, 2010–11
Runners-up of IIHF Continental Cup : 2003
Bronze medal of Spengler Cup: 2003

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, OTL = Overtime/Shootout Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"


Overhand knot

The overhand knot is the simplest knot that can be created. It is often used as a stopper knot at the end of a rope.


Knot theory

Knot theory is the study of knots in mathematics. In knot theory, the ends of the rope are attached so that there is no possible way for the knot to be untied. Peter Guthrie Tait was the first person to make charts describing mathematical knots in the 1860s.



Fabergé egg

A Fabergé egg is one of the jewelled eggs made by Peter Carl Fabergé and his company between 1885 and 1917.

The most famous are those made for the Russian Tsars Alexander III and Nicholas II. They were Easter gifts for their wives and mothers, and are called the 'Imperial' Fabergé eggs. The House of Fabergé made about 52 imperial eggs, of which 46 have survived. Two more were planned for Easter 1918, but were not delivered, due to the Russian Revolution.

Below is a list of the eggs made for the Russian imperial family.

! Date !! Egg !! Image !! Description || Owner

Anthology (Selena album)

Anthology was a greatest hits album by Selena. The album included remixed songs from Selena's early music career. Two EPs were released as a promotion. The album sold over 1,200,000 copies.


"Mariachi"

"Cumbia"

Two EPs were released. Both of them contained five songs each.

 In February 2008, RIAA reduced the certification-award-levels for Oro y De Platino to Gold=50,000 and Platinum=100,000.

All My Hits/Todos Mis Exitos

All My Hits/Todos Mis Exitos was a greatest hits album by Selena. The album included a collectable rose-pin for fans. The album sold over 1,200,000 copies in the United States.

All My Hits Vol. 2

All My Hits/Todos Mis Exitos Vol. 2 was the second series of the "All My Hits" collection. It was a greatest hits album by Selena. The album included a heart-necklace for fans. The album sold over 400,000 copies in the United States.


 In February 2008, RIAA reduced the certification-award-levels for Oro y De Platino to Gold=50,000 and Platinum=100,000.

Ones (album)

Ones is a greatest hits album by Selena. The album included an unreleased ballad song. The album sold over 500,000 copies in the United States.


Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front

JKLF seeks independence of Jammu and Kashmir state from both India and Pakistan.
The JKLF claims that they are not Islamist, but are nationalist, and opposes the emergence of the territories into either Pakistan or India but rather wants the region of Kashmir to separate from the three countries and become independent.

In 1982 branches were established in Pakistan-administered Kashmir, Pakistan and in 1987 in Indian-administered Kashmir (Jammu and Kashmir).

Mirador de la Flor

Mirador de la Flor () is a life-sized statue that is in Corpus Christi, Texas. The statue is a memorial to American singer Selena. The statue was ordered by the Mayor of Corpus Christi as a tourist attraction in 1997. Hundreds of fans visit the statue weekly from all over the world. The statue faces Corpus Christi bay, where the gun that killed Selena was thrown. A second life-sized statue of Selena was made in Mexico in March 2011.

Marie Joséphine of Savoy

Marie Joséphine of Savoy (Maria Giuseppina Luigia; 2 September 1753 – 13 November 1810) was the wife of the future Louis XVIII of France. She was a princess of Savoy by birth, became the titular Queen consort, and was known by her title: Her Royal Highness, Countess of Provence ("comtesse de Provence").

She was born at the Royal Palace of Turin on 2 September 1753 and was the third child and second daughter of Victor Amadeus and his wife the Spanish Infanta Maria Antonia of Spain. At the time of her birth her grandfather, Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia, was the King of Sardinia. 

Maria Giuseppina was engaged to the French Prince Louis Stanislas of France. He was known as the Count of Provence. They were married on 16 April 1771 "by proxy" in the Turin. They were married in person on 14 May 1771 at the Palace of Versailles. A luxurious ball followed the wedding on 20 May. She was considered to be ugly. Louis Stanislas hated his wife. We know today that these rumors were created by those who supported Marie Antoinette as a rivalry soon emerged after the youngest brother 'comte d'Artois', married the Comtesse's sister, thereby bringing yet another Savoyard princess to Versailles and creating an Italian party at court. 

In France she was known as Marie Joséphine de Savoie. She had a high rank at court as her husband was a grandson of the reiging king. She was a cousin of the ill-fated "Princess of Lamballe" who was instrumental in the arrangement of the marriage. At the death of her husband’s grandfather Louis XV in 1774, her brother-in-law succeeded as Louis XVI. She became pregnant in 1774 and 1781, but both pregnancies ended in miscarriage. In 1791 Marie Joséphine went to Germany. During the period of exile, the Count and Countess fought constantly. Some historians have suggested Marie Joséphine's possible lesbian relationship with a lady-in-waiting as the primary cause for discord between the couple.

Marie Joséphine died of an edema at Hartwell House, English residence of the exiled French royal family. Marie Joséphine was laid to rest in the Lady Chapel of Westminster Abbey. Her body was removed a year later on Louis's orders and buried in the Kingdom of Sardinia; today in Cagliari Cathedral.

Islam in Palestine

Islam is the religion of the majority of the Palestinian population residing in the Palestinian territories, with Muslims comprising 75% of the population of the West Bank, and 99% of the population of the Gaza Strip.

Jerusalem is Islam's third holiest city after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia. The "Haram al Sharif" (Temple Mount) of Jerusalem is believed by Muslims to be the location from which Muhammad ascended to Jannah (paradise); there is no mention of Jerusalem in the Koran, however.

This widely accepted Islamic belief raises the religious and spiritual importance to them of the Dome of the Rock and the adjacent al-Aqsa Mosque. Muslims are sensitive to and mindful of the circumstance that two mosques along with the rest of East Jerusalem are claimed and illegally occupied by the state of Israel.

Specific impulse

Specific impulse (often shortened to "I") is a way to describe how well a rocket performs. It is also used to describe how well a jet engine performs. It can be used to compare rockets of different sizes. It is a way to know how much force a given engine makes for each bit of fuel. To do this, one needs to know how much fuel is in the engine. A high specific impulse means that a rocket needs less fuel to perform as well. If the specific impulse is lower, it means that the rocket needs more fuel to perform as well. 

Specific impulse is a useful value to compare rocket or jet engines. It is used much like "miles per gallon" or "litres per 100 kilometres" is used to compare cars. An engine with a higher specific impulse uses fuel better. This means that the same amount of fuel lets the rocket go faster after all fuel is depleted.

A rocket engine with a higher specific impulse doesn't mean it's 'more powerful'. That is, it will not make the rocket accelerate harder. In fact, the designs for engines with the highest specific impulse, like ion engines, are the 'weakest' of all types of engines. They accelerate the rocket slowly but steadily over a long period of time using only a tiny amount of fuel. In a race between two rockets with the same amount of fuel and two different engines the one with the more powerful engine will take an early lead, but when it burns down all its fuel, the rocket with higher specific impulse will still have some fuel left and will continue to accelerate. Eventually it will overtake its counterpart and will win the race if the distance is big enough for it to use its long-term advantage.

There are two ways people find the number for specific impulse. To find the specific impulse, one divides the impulse by the amount of fuel. Impulse is a measurement of how much force a rocket motor makes and for how long. A motor that makes a low force for a long time can sometimes have a higher impulse than a motor that makes a high force for a short time. Impulse is measured in Newtons times seconds (N*s). 

The amount of fuel used to find specific impulse can be measured in different ways. It is sometimes measured in mass and sometimes in weight. When the amount of fuel is measured in mass, the specific impulse is expressed as a speed. This is usually in meters per second. When specific impulse is measured as a speed, it has another name. It is also called the "effective exhaust velocity". The other way to measure the amount of fuel is weight. If weight is used, the specific impulse is in units of time, usually in seconds. These two ways are both common. They both compare the performance of engines.

When the specific impulse is higher, less fuel is needed to make the rocket perform at a certain level. So, a fuel is more efficient if the specific impulse is higher.

Be careful not to confuse thrust and specific impulse. Thrust is only the force made by a rocket at one point in time. Specific impulse is a measure of the force based on how much fuel there is.

When people find specific impulse, the only fuel counted is in the rocket before it gets fired. This includes the fuel and the oxidizer (the part of the fuel that helps the fuel burn). The oxidizer is sometimes oxygen, or often something else (see Rocket engine#Liquids, solids and hybrids).

Jet (airplane) engines use fuel better than rocket engines. This is because the gases do not escape as fast. Because they do not escape as fast, the exhaust does not carry away as much energy. This means that the jet engine uses a lot less energy to push the jet. It is also because the air that goes through the engine as the jet flies through the air helps the fuel to burn faster.

Specific impulse is also used to describe how well model rocket motors work. In the table below are some of Estes' claimed values for specific impulses for several of their rocket motors: Estes Industries is a large, well known American seller of model rockets and rocket parts. The specific impulse for model rocket motors is much lower than for many other rocket motors because the black powder is used as a fuel. Black powder is used in model rocket motors because it costs less. 
Here are some example numbers for larger rocket engines:

The most common way to measure specific impulse today uses seconds. This is used both in the SI (metric system) world as well as where English units are used. This way the units are identical everywhere. This means specific impulse can be used to compare engine performance in any country. Most companies that make rocket motors or jet engines use seconds to advertise their product’s performance.

The other common way to measure specific impulse is in meters per second (m/s), which is also called effective exhaust velocity. For many engines the effective exhaust velocity is different from the speed that the gases actually come out of the nozzle.



Aromatic hydrocarbon

An aromatic hydrocarbon, or arene, is a hydrocarbon ring compound. It has alternating double and single bonds between carbon atoms forming rings. Many of the compounds have a sweet scent, hence the term 'aromatic'. The ring of six carbon atoms in aromatic compounds is known as a benzene ring, after the simplest possible hydrocarbon ring, benzene. Aromatic hydrocarbons can be "monocyclic" (MAH) or "polycyclic" (PAH).

Some non-benzene-based compounds called heteroarenes, which follow Hückel's rule, are also aromatic compounds. In these compounds, at least one carbon atom is replaced by one of oxygen, nitrogen, or sulfur.

Benzene, CH, is the simplest aromatic hydrocarbon and was recognized as the first aromatic hydrocarbon, with the nature of its bonding first being recognized by Kekulé in the 19th century. 
Each carbon atom in the hexagonal cycle has four electrons to share. One goes to the hydrogen atom, and one each to the two neighboring carbons. This leaves one to share with one of its two neighboring carbon atoms, which is why the benzene molecule is drawn with alternating single and double bonds around the hexagon.

The structure is also illustrated as a circle around the inside of the ring to show six electrons floating around in delocalized molecular orbitals the size of the ring itself. This also represents the equivalent nature of the six carbon-carbon bonds each equivalent to ~1.5. The electrons are visualized as floating above and below the ring with the electromagnetic fields they generate acting to keep the ring flat.

General properties:

The circle symbol for aromaticity was introduced by Sir Robert Robinson and his student James Armit in 1925 and popularized starting in 1959 by the Morrison & Boyd textbook on organic chemistry. The proper use of the symbol is debated; it is used to describe any cyclic pi system in some publications, or only those pi systems that obey Hückel's rule on others.

A reaction that forms an arene compound from an unsaturated or partially unsaturated cyclic precursor is simply called an aromatization. Many laboratory methods exist for the organic synthesis of arenes from non-arene precursors.

Aromatic compounds play key roles in the biochemistry of all living things. The four aromatic amino acids histidine, phenylalanine, tryptophan, and tyrosine each serve as one of the 20 basic building blocks of proteins. Further, all 5 nucleotides (adenine, thymine, cytosine, guanine, and uracil) that make up the sequence of the genetic code in DNA and RNA are aromatic purines or pyrimidines. As well as that, the molecule heme contains an aromatic system with 22 π electrons. Chlorophyll also has a similar aromatic system.

Aromatic compounds are important in industry. Key aromatic hydrocarbons of commercial interest are benzene, toluene, "ortho"-xylene and "para"-xylene. About 35 million tonnes are produced worldwide every year. They are extracted from complex mixtures obtained by the refining of oil or by distillation of coal tar. They are used to produce a range of important chemicals and polymers, including styrene, phenol, aniline, polyester and nylon.

Almost all aromatic compounds are compounds of carbon, but they need not be hydrocarbons.

In heterocyclic aromatics one or more of the atoms in the aromatic ring is of an element other than carbon. Examples include pyridine, pyrazine, imidazole, pyrazole, oxazole, and thiophene.

Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are molecules with two or more simple aromatic rings fused together by sharing two neighboring carbon atoms. Examples are naphthalene, anthracene and phenanthrene.

Many chemical compounds are aromatic rings with other things attached. Examples include trinitrotoluene (TNT), acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), paracetamol, and the nucleotides of DNA.

Erich Probst

Erich Probst (5 December 1927 – 16 March 1988) was an Austrian footballer.He played as striker for different teams in Vienna and also abroad.

He started with Admira Wien being only 17 years old. After a year with Vienna he signed with SK Rapid Wien. In this time he won the Austrian Championship four times. In his first season with Rapid he scored 28 goals in 23 matches. Although he was always a top scorer he never shot the highest number of goals in the league.

After his time with Rapid he went to Wuppertaler SV in Germany. After the relegation of Wuppertal he went on to Switzerland playing for FC Zürich. In winter 1959 he came back to Austria to SV Austria Salzburg. The club paid 90 000 Austrian schillings, which was the highest till this time. He shot 15 goals and the team could stay in the top league. During his time with Salzburg he played his last match in the national football team. He was the first player of SV Austria Salzburg who ever played for the team.

In the 1960/61 season he was coach of SV Austria but not successful. So he went on to play as striker again. His last clubs were the SAK 1914 in Salzburg and First Vienna FC in Vienna. At all he scored 150 goals in Austrias top league.

He played 19 times for the Austrian national football team and scored 17 goals. His first match was on 27 May 1951 (4:0 versus Scotland) In the qualification match for the FIFA World Cup 1954 versus Portugal he scored 5 goals for the 9:1 win. He was member of the 1954 FIFA World Cup squad which reached the third place. During the tournament he scored six goals and was together with Max Morlock of Germany and Josef Hügi of Switzerland second in the scorer list. During his time abroad he was not player of the team. But in 1960 he played his last match versus France (2:4) where he also scored his last goal for the team. So he was the first national football team player coming from SV Austria Salzburg.


Mac Miller

Malcolm James McCormick (January 19, 1992 – September 7, 2018), known under the professional name Mac Miller, was an American rapper and record producer. He was also noted under the pseudonym Larry Fisherman.

In early 2010, Miller signed a record deal with Pittsburgh-based indie record label Rostrum Records. Later, he began recording his first studio album, "Blue Slide Park", and released it on November 8, 2011. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, making it the first independently distributed debut album to top the chart since rap duo Tha Dogg Pound's album, "Dogg Food", in 1995.

In early 2013, Miller launched REMember Music, his own record label imprint. It was named after a friend who died. 

Miller's second album, "Watching Movies with the Sound Off", was released on June 18, 2013. In January 2014, Miller announced he was no longer signed to Rostrum Records. In October 2014, it was reported Miller signed a record deal for him and his label REMember (with Warner Bros. Records).

Miller died of an accidental drug overdose on September 7, 2018 at the age of 26. The cause of death was because Miller had mixed Fentanyl with Cocaine.


Crossfade (band)

Crossfade is an American rock band from Columbia, South Carolina. Crossfade has three members in the band; the current band members are Ed Sloan, Les Hall, and Mitch James. Their best known song is "Cold" which was released on May 25, 2004 and reached #2 on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart and #3 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks.



So far as of 2011, Crossfade has released 3 studio albums:



Yabasic

Yabasic (Yet Another BASIC) is an interpreter program for a version of BASIC. BASIC is a programming language. BASIC was designed by John George Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz, in 1964. Yabasic was born in 1995, 32 years later. Pedro Sá and Thomas Larsen are now developing version 3 of Yabasic. Yasbic is very compact at about 250 kilobytes total length.

To write something on the monitor, like Hello World, type print then <nowiki>"YOUR TEXT HERE".</nowiki>

Study this bit of code:
The result of this code is:
An audible beep is generated
The program waits for 1 second before going onto the next instruction
It then goes back to the start of the program creating an infinite loop.

This programming language can also be used to create rather complex programs such as one that calculates prime numbers

The "input" command asks the user to input a value which in this case is number that tells the program what number to stop finding prime numbers at.
The 
commands create a loop that can be repeated infinitely.
The
commands hold instructions as to what the program is to do while in the loop. 
The
commands tell the program to look for something and if the thing it is looking for is there then it reports back that it is there.



Shaun Marsh

Shaun Edward Marsh (born 9 July, 1983 in Narrogin, Western Australia) is an Australian cricketer. He is nicknamed 'Sos'. He is a left-handed batsman with a first-class batting average of 40.

On 8 September, 2011, Marsh made his Test debut for Australia in the 2nd Test against Sri Lanka at Pallekele in replace of the unavailable Ricky Ponting. Thus far in the Australian innings, Marsh has scored 87* batting with Michael Hussey in a 148 run partnership.

Isolobal principle

The isolobal principle (also known as isolobal analogy) is way to predict bonding properties of organometallic compounds. In organometallic chemistry, it relates the structure of organic ligands that can bind to inorganic molecular fragments. Roald Hoffmann described molecular fragments as isolobal "if the number, symmetry properties, approximate energy and shape of the frontier orbitals and the number of electrons in them are similar – not identical, but similar." One can predict the bonding and reactivity of a lesser-known pieces from that of a better-known pieces if the two molecular fragments have similar frontier orbitals, the highest occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) and the lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO). Isolobal compounds are analogs to isoelectronic compounds that share the same number of valence electrons and structure. A graphic representation of isolobal structures, with the isolobal pairs connected through a double-headed arrow with half an orbital below, is found in Figure 1.

For his work on the isolobal analogy, Hoffmann was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1981, which he shared with Kenichi Fukui. In his Nobel Prize lecture, Hoffmann stressed that the isolobal analogy is a useful, yet simple, model. It does fail in certain instances.

Alcibiades

Alcibiades, son of Clinias, "c." 450–404 BC), was a prominent Athenian statesman, orator, and general. He was the last famous member of his mother's aristocratic family, which fell from power after the Peloponnesian War. He played a major role later in that conflict as a strategic advisor, military commander, and politician.

During the course of the Peloponnesian War, Alcibiades changed sides on several occasions. In his native Athens in the early 410s BC, he advocated an aggressive foreign policy, and spoke in favor of an invasion of Sicily. He fled to Sparta after his political enemies brought charges of sacrilege against him.

In Sparta, he served as a strategic adviser, proposing or supervising several major campaigns against Athens. In Sparta too, however, Alcibiades soon made powerful enemies and was forced to defect to Persia. There he served as an adviser to the satrap Tissaphernes until his Athenian political allies brought about his recall. He then served as an Athenian general for several years, but his enemies eventually succeeded in exiling him a second time.

The Sicilian Expedition to Magna Graecia was Alcibiades' idea but his enemies prevented him from commanding. His rival Nicias took command, and the expedition failed disastrously. In the years that he served Sparta, Alcibiades played a role in Athens' undoing; the capture of Decelea and the revolts of several critical Athenian subjects occurred either at his suggestion or under his supervision.

Once restored to his native city, however, he played a crucial role in a string of Athenian victories that eventually brought Sparta to seek a peace with Athens. He favored unconventional tactics, frequently winning cities over by treachery or negotiation rather than by siege. Alcibiades' military and political talents frequently proved valuable to whichever state he worked for. His talent for making powerful enemies ensured that he never remained in one place for long. By the end of the war (which he had helped rekindle in the early 410s) his days of political power were a bygone memory.

In his youth Alcibiades had been a pupil of Socrates. This was something which told against Socrates at his trial.

Enamorada de Ti

"Enamorada de Ti" () is a song recorded by American singer Selena. The song was written by Selena's brother who was the producer of her music A.B. Quintanilla III. The song was also written by a Selena y Los Dinos band member Pete Astudillo. It was for her second studio album "Ven Conmigo" (1990). The song is about a women who has strong emotions for a man. She exclaims that without him, she will have nothing.

The song was not an official single. However, it did peak at number 32 on the Mexican Singles Chart. The song also appealed to a younger crowd. This helped Tejano music to be liked by many young adults. Many LGBT Selena fans had done many cover versions of "Enamorada de Ti", who had been performed the song during many drag shows across America. "Enamorada de Ti" was given positive feedback from music critics. Many of them wrote about how the song was the first freestyle song to be mixed with Tejano. Selena had promoted the song on her Ven Conmigo Tour, which lasted from 1990-1992.

"Enamorada de Ti" was recorded at JAG Records in San Antonio, Texas. The studio was rented for two days by EMI Latin for Selena to record several songs. Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III had written the song. Quintanilla III had help from Pete Astudillo, who once was a backup dancer for Selena y Los Dinos. A family friend Brian "Red" Moore remixed the song. Quintanilla III had to name the song "Enmorada de Ti". By doing this, "Enamorada de Ti" became the second song by Selena to have this title. The first song that was titled "Enamorada de Ti" was on Selena's independent album "Muñequito de Trapo" (1986), which had a different meaning.

The song is about a women who is in love with a man and can not control her feelings for him. She is in love with a man who is no longer near her, she tells him that she can't live without him and that his love helps relive her depression that she has. The song is a mid-tempo song that is performed in C major with 112 beats per minute. It uses the electronic keyboard and the electric guitar as its main musical instruments. 

The song had became the first Tejano song to be in freestyle. Selena had wanted to sing songs that could appeal to younger audiences. Quintanilla III had introduced a new "type" of sound into Tejano music. This helped to attract younger people to Tejano, which was not liked before by young adults. Quintanilla III was credited and awarded for this at the Tejano Music Awards.

The song was not released as an official single, however it managed to peak at number 32 on the Mexican Singles Chart. It stood on the chart for only ten weeks. The song failed to impact any other music chart. Quintanilla III was awarded "Songwriter of the Year" for "Baila Esta Cumbia", "No Quiero Saber", "Ya Ves" and "Enamorada de Ti"; at the 1991 Tejano Music Awards. Selena promoted "Enamorada de Ti" during her Ven Conmigo Tour, which lasted from 1990-1992. She had first performed the song during the 1990 Tejano Music Awards. Javier Lopez, who is an editor for "TVyNovelas", stated that Selena's performance of the song was one of best performed dance-moves that night. 

Selena had choreographed dance moves. Selena also was inspired by Micheal Jackson's moonwalk. She also took inspiration from Janet Jackson's "Rhythm Nation". That night she had won "Female Vocalist of the Year" and "Female Entertainer of the Year". Selena had performed the song on the Spanish-language television show called "Bailando" in October 1992. She also had performed the song during the 1992 Lo Nuestro Awards in Miami, Florida. Her final performance was at her Los Angeles, California concert. She performed the song as her first number in November 1993.

The song has been covered by LGBT Selena fans. The song was also performed in many drag shows across the United States.

Carla Manuela Dejesus, who is an editor for "Furia Musical", stated that "Enamorada de Ti" was one of the "best freestyle-tejano songs" in Tejano history. Sebastian Rodriguez, who is an editor for "TVyNovelas", wrote that "Enamorada de Ti" was one of the best songs composed for "Ven Conmigo". He also stated that it showed people where Tejano music was heading into. Mario Tarradell, who is an editor for "The Dallas Morning News", stated that "Enamorada de Ti" is a catchy "dance-pop croker".




Cold cathode

A cold cathode is a cathode (a type of electrode) that is not heated directly by a filament or element, although a cold cathode can heat up during use as a side effect of normal current flow. The term cold cathode is often used to refer to cold cathode fluorescent lamps (CCFLs), which are often used where a long life is needed. Applications for cold cathode lamps include general lighting, backlights for LCD TVs and computer monitors, and artistic lighting such as computer case mods and automotive customization.

Freestyle music

Freestyle music or Latin freestyle is a type of electronic dance music. It became popular during the mid and late 1980s. However, this kind of music started falling in fame during the 1990s. Freestyle music continues to be created and played on radio stations that are still of interest to the Latin and Italian communities.

Notable artists that performed freestyle include Stevie B, Shannon, Cynthia, Collage, Johnny O, Sa-Fire, George Lamond, Lil Suzy, Judy Torres, Exposé, Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, La India, TKA, Corina, Nocera, Company B, The Cover Girls, Noel, Pajama Party, Shana, Will to Power, Sweet Sensation, Seduction, Linear, Lisette Melendez, Angelina, Laissez Faire, Coro, and Rockell.


Furia Musical

Furia Musical was a Mexican music magazine. The magazine was published by Editorial Televisa, who also produces TVyNovelas. "Furia Musical" was published in Mexico and southern United States. Its editors wrote articles about Mexican music, Chicano rock, Tejano music and Norteno. Their awards show, "Premios Furia Musical", was broadcast by Televisa, Galavisión and Univision. The December 2006 issue was the final issue of the magazine.


TVyNovelas

TVyNovelas is a Mexican music and gossip magazine. The magazine is published by Editorial Televisa. The magazine is available in the United States (and Puerto Rico), Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Colombia. "TVyNovelas" is one of the most-widely read magazine for Spanish-language soap opera fans. Their awards show, "Premios TVyNovelas", is broadcast on Televisa and Univision.


Fugues (magazine)

Fugues is a French/English gay magazine. The monthly magazine has been published in Montreal, Quebec, Canada since April 1984. The magazine focuses on LGBT culture, nightlife, music, health, fashion, travel and local festivals.

Maginot Line

The Maginot Line (, ) was a long line of walls, forts, and armed defenses that the French built after the First World War. It is named after André Maginot, who was the French Minister of war when it was built. The Maginot Line was made of a number of fortifications and bunkers, close to the French border to Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and Italy. Today, the fortifications towards Italy are commonly called Alpine Line. The Maginot Line was built between 1930 and 1940.

During the First World War, the German Army had built the Hindenburg Line, which is similar. 

The plan was that the French army would have time to get ready and go north to Belgium and win any battle with the German army there. In the Second World War the German army and French army met in the Ardennes (forest) in Belgium. The French army lost, opening the way to German victory in the Battle of France.

Alpha cleavage

Alpha cleavage, (α-cleavage) in organic chemistry, refers to the act of breaking the carbon-carbon bond, next to the carbon bearing a specified functional group.

In mass spectrometry, an α-cleavage occurs when molecules break apart within a mass spectrometer. A mass spectrum tells the size and elements found in each molecule fragment. Chemists use their understanding of how molecules break apart to guess the structure of the original molecule. Many different molecules break apart with α-cleavage inside the mass spectrometer. Many times, α-cleavage explains the resulting mass spectra.

As an example of a mechanism of alpha cleavage, an electron is knocked off an atom (usually by electron collision) to form a radical cation. Electrons are most likely to be removed in the following order: 1) lone pair electrons, 2) pi bond electrons, 3) sigma bond electrons.

One of the lone pair electrons moves down to form a pi bond with an electron from an adjacent (alpha) bond. The other electron from the bond moves to an adjacent atom (not one adjacent to the lone pair atom) creating a radical. This creates a double bond adjacent to the lone pair atom (oxygen is a good example) and breaks (cleaves) the bond that lost the two electrons that were removed.

In molecules containing carbonyl groups, alpha cleavage often competes with a McLafferty rearrangement.

In photochemistry, it is the homolytic cleavage of a bond close to a specified group.

Diabetic ketoacidosis

Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a medical emergency that can happen in people with diabetes mellitus. DKA happens mostly in people with Type 1 diabetes, although it may happen in some people that have Type 2 diabetes.

DKA happens when a person does not have enough insulin in their body. All of the cells in the body need glucose (sugar) to survive, because the body needs sugar to make energy. Insulin breaks down glucose into a form that the body can use for energy. Without insulin, sugar stays in the blood and cannot get into the cells. This causes high blood sugar levels and makes it impossible for the cells to use glucose to make energy.

DKA can be caused by not having enough insulin, eating too many carbohydrates, and sometimes physical or mental stress. DKA can also be a sign that a person has diabetes that has not been discovered, or is not being controlled well.

DKA is diagnosed through blood and urine testing. These tests will show high blood sugar, which does not happen with other forms of ketoacidosis.

DKA was first discovered around 1886. Before insulin therapy was first used in the 1920s, DKA almost always caused death.

Symptoms of DKA include:

As DKA gets worse, it can cause these symptoms:

Without proper treatment, DKA can cause death.

First, because there is not enough insulin to bring glucose into the cells, glucose builds up in the blood. This causes there to be too much sugar in the blood and not enough in the cells. The cells start starving, because they do not have insulin to break down glucose into a form that the cells can use for energy.

To try to create energy for the cells, the liver breaks down fat into fatty acids and ketones. These create a little bit of energy, but they are also acidic. The blood starts to get too acidic, and the body starts to get poisoned.

Because the cells still do not have enough glucose to create the energy they need, the liver also breaks down glycogen to make more glucose. (The body stores sugar in different forms in case it needs energy later. Glucagon helps break down some of these sugar stores into glucose.) However, there is still not enough insulin in the blood to break down the glucose into energy. Because of this, the glucose stays in the blood (making the blood sugar levels get even higher) and the cells keep starving.

Next, the body begins to break down protein. (When the body cannot create enough energy by breaking down fat and glycogen into sugar, it breaks down protein.) This causes the tissues in the body to lose nitrogen.

Now there is much more glucose in the bloodstream than in the cells. The body always tries to stay in homeostasis. In homeostasis, there would be an equal amount of sugar in the bloodstream and the cells. To try to make this happen, the cells (which have very little sugar in them) give up water to the blood (which is very sugary). The goal is to try to dilute the sugar in the blood, and decrease the high levels of hyperglycemia. If the cells give up too much water, they can get dehydrated (not have enough fluid left in them). Because DKA also causes a person to urinate often, a person with DKA can get dehydrated very quickly. This dehydration can be a medical emergency.

The kidneys try to filter out the extra glucose in the bloodstream. This causes glucosuria (too much sugar in the urine). The extra glucose going through the kidneys causes more urine to be created. When a person urinates more, they lose more electrolytes, like sodium and potassium. Without enough electrolytes, the heart, muscles, and nerve cells cannot work properly. Also, eventually, the kidneys can fail because they are overworked by the amount of glucose they are trying to filter.

People with DKA need to be treated in a hospital. Usually, treatment involves:

Thornicroft's giraffe

The Thornicroft's giraffe ("giraffa camelopardalis thornicrofti"), also known as Thornicroft giraffe or Rhodesian giraffe, is a subspecies of giraffe. Thornicroft giraffes do not have any captive populations. Fewer than 1,500 remain in the wild. Rhodesian giraffes have star or leafy shaped spots that extend to their leg. These girrafes are restricted to eastern Zambia and the Luangwa Valley.The Luangwa national parks were declared game reserves because conservationist wanted to conserve the Thorncroft Giraffe,uniqui to the Luangwa valley of Zambia,Like all giraffes, Rhodesian giraffes share the same ancestors with deer and bovids.

Simple aromatic rings

Simple aromatic rings, also known as simple arenes or simple aromatics, are aromatic organic compounds. They consist only of a conjugated planar ring system with delocalized pi electron clouds. Many simple aromatic rings have trivial names. They are usually found as substructures of more complex molecules ("substituted aromatics"). Typical simple aromatic compounds are benzene, indole, and cyclotetradecaheptaene.

Simple aromatic rings with non-carbon ring atoms are called "heterocyclic". For example, rings can include oxygen, nitrogen, or sulfur. Molecules with one ring are called monocyclic as in benzene. Molecules with two rings are called bicyclic as in naphthalene. Molecules with more than two rings are called polycyclic as in anthracene. Simple monocyclic aromatic rings are usually five-membered rings like pyrrole or six-membered rings like pyridine. Fused aromatic rings consist of monocyclic rings that share their connecting bonds.

The nitrogen (N)-containing aromatic rings can be separated into basic aromatic rings that are easily protonated, and form aromatic cations and salts (e.g., pyridinium), and non-basic aromatic rings.


In the oxygen- and sulfur-containing aromatic rings, one of the electron pairs of the heteroatoms contributes to the aromatic system (similar to the non-basic nitrogen-containing rings). The second lone pair extends in the plane of the ring (similar to the basic nitrogen-containing rings).

All of these molecules meet the following criteria:

In contrast, molecules with 4n pi electrons are antiaromatic.


Antiknock agent

An antiknock agent is added to gasoline. It reduces engine knocking and increase the fuel's octane rating.

Gasoline is a fuel mixture. High compression internal combustion engines place gasoline under great pressure. The pressure can cause the gasoline to ignite early ("pre-ignition" or "detonation") causing a damaging knocking sound, also called "pinging" or "pinking". 

Originally, organic compounds with lead were added to petrol to prevent knocking: "tetraethyllead" (TEL). This is now banned because the lead affects people's health. Various alternatives have been tried. 2,2,4-"trimethylpentane", an isomer of octane, is one example.

Fat Lip

"Fat Lip" is a 2001 punk rock song by the Canadian pop punk band Sum 41 and is the first single from their debut studio album "All Killer, No Filler", which was released in 2001. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by both Arnold Lanni and Raine Maida. Fat Lip has been featured in several movies and video games, such as EA Sports' NHL 2002, American Pie 2, Guitar Hero, GuitarFreaks V4, DrumMania V4 and Guitar Hero 5 (downloadable track) and Smallville. The band has also performed Fat Lip on "Saturday Night Live". The music video was ranked as #75 on "MuchMusic's 100 Best Videos".

In Too Deep (Sum 41 song)

"In Too Deep" is a 2001 pop punk song by the rock band Sum 41. It is the second single from their debut studio album "All Killer, No Filler", which was released in 2001. The music video for "In Too Deep" is a parody of the diving scene from the movie "Back to School".

Liberal Animation

Liberal Animation is the debut studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX.

It was self-released in 1988 and was later re-released in 1991 under their record label, Epitaph. The producers of the album were Brett Gurewitz and NOFX. The title of the album is a play on the phrase "animal liberation".

Moshchena

Moshchena (, ) is a village in Kovel Raion, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine. It has a population of 581 people.

The first mention of the village dates from 1543.

Remington ACR

The Adaptive Combat Rifle (ACR) is a modular assault rifle, designed by Magpul Industries of Erie, Colorado, and known initially as the Masada. In late January 2008, Bushmaster made a licensing agreement with Magpul. In this agreement, Bushmaster would take over the production, development and sales of the ACR.

Bushmaster Firearms, with the help from Remington Arms (a sister company) has made many design changes to the ACR. These were made to meet what the U.S. military requirements. The Remington ACR which is intended for the military market is capable of fully automatic fire. Bushmaster offers a semi-automatic only ACR for the civilian market. Bushmaster says that they will soon have conversion kits which can change the caliber of the rifle.

The United States army was looking for a replacement to their M4 carbine. Remington Arms was part of the Army's Individual Carbine competition, and offered a modified ACR that fits the requirements.

The Masada was developed over the course of five months. It was supposed to replace the M16 rifle completely. It was supposed to do this without any fundings from the government. Prototypes were shown at the 2007 SHOT Show in Orlando, Florida. It was supposed to be released some time in 2008. However, Bushmaster said on May 16, 2008 took over production and said that the ACR would not be released to the public until 2009. This was due to Bushmaster being focused more towards military projects. On November 18, 2008, Bushmaster released a statement saying, "The ACR is being redesigned to become a superior offering to compete for the next generation U.S. Army infantry carbine and subcompact weapon requirement and will be available to selected customers in 2009."

The ACR was one of the weapons shown to the U.S. Army during an Industry Day on November 13, 2008. This Industry Day happened so that modern carbines could be looked at before it was decided what the weapon that would replace the M4 Carbine had to be like.

On October 15, 2010, Bushmaster issued a recall of all ACR rifles, instructing users to "Please immediately discontinue the use of your ACR rifle" along with instructions to contact customer support for an RMA. Bushmaster stated that the recall was issued due to "a possible firearms performance issue that may develop with a small number of ACR rifles" and goes on to state that "Bushmaster discovered a design flaw which could result in multiple rounds firing continuously when the trigger is pulled". Bushmaster has stated that it will cover all of the costs associated with repairs to recalled rifles.

The first design is many recent rifle designs combined. Its designers say that it takes the best parts of each and puts them into a light, modular rifle. Some features from the Armalite AR-18, the FN SCAR, the Heckler & Koch G36/XM8, the M16/AR-15, and the M16 can be seen clearly. The cyclic rate of fire is around 650–700 rounds per minute. The ACR can easily swap caliber by changing the bolt head, magazine and barrel.

The ACR is available in multiple barrel lengths; 8.25″, 10.5″, 14.5″, 16.5″ and 18.5″ barrels. For the 5.56mm configuration, it uses a 30-round Magpul PMag, though it is also compatible with STANAG magazines. Magpul claims that PMags are much more difficult to break or damage than other magazines, and is also compatible to other rifle families like the M16 rifle family. The ACR was engineered to still function reliably even if it was exposed to sand, dirt, mud and water.



Río Alseseca

The Alseseca River is a short river in the interior part of Mexico. It is in the state of Tlaxcala. The Alseseca runs through the city of Puebla de Zaragoza. It is one of the many rivers that come from the dormant volcano La Malinche. The Alseseca river runs south-east until it enters the lake of Valsequillo.

Between 1960 and 1980, several companies set up factories in Puebla. With no protection of the river and the increasing urban growth, many companies and people threw waste into the river, which gradually became a stream of sewage. Today the pollution in the river has decreased considerably, and using it as a "garbage dump" is illegal.

Due to illegal logging in the area, deforestation has caused the river to flood in the rainy season. Since 2000, about 100 families have been affected by the overflowing of the river in villages like Aleseca and Lopez Portillo. In addition to the floods, the existing pollution in the water has caused cases of cholera and salmonella in some of the houses closest to river. Since 1995, the city government has taken action to reduce the flooding of the river. It has built barriers and dikes.

Every year on the 2nd Saturday in January, Aventurec and Its collaborators host an Extreme Whitewater Kayak Race, On the Section Known as Roadside. The Race attracts competitors from all over world and is slowly encouraging more and more locals to get involved in the sport.

This year in its 10th edition saw over 60 competitors from 14 different countries battling it out for number one, you can check out full race results here 

The Race was created in an attempt to raise awareness to keep rivers and the environment clean and free of trash and deposits.

North Arlington, New Jersey

North Arlington is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough population was 16,457. As the site of Holy Cross Cemetery, which has interred over 250,000 individuals since its establishment in 1915, North Arlington has over 15 times more dead people than living.

Holy Cross Cemetery, North Arlington

Holy Cross Cemetery is a cemetery in North Arlington, New Jersey, United States. Since its establishment in 1915, it has buried over 250,000 people. The cemetery operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark.

EMI Latin

EMI Televisa Music or "EMI Latin" and EMI International is a record company that specializes in Latin music. EMI Latin was founded in 1989, and Selena became the first artist to sign. Jose Behar was the former head of EMI Latin.




Harry Von der Horst

Harry Von der Horst (1850 or 1851, Baltimore, Maryland - 1905) was an American businessman. He was an executive in Major League Baseball and a former owner of the Baltimore Orioles and Brooklyn Superbas. He was one of the principal founders and owners of the old 19th century Baltimore Orioles. He eventually sold the team, but remained as the club secretary until his death in 1905.


Center field

A center fielder, abbreviated "CF", is the outfielder in baseball who plays defense in center field – the baseball fielding position between left field and right field. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the center fielder is assigned the number 8.

Tom Daly (infielder)

Thomas Peter Daly (February 7, 1866, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - October 29, 1938, in Brooklyn, New York) was a catcher and second baseman who played in the Major Leagues from 1887 to 1903. He played for the Chicago Cubs, Washington Nationals, Brooklyn Dodgers, Chicago White Sox and Cincinnati Reds.

LP record

An LP record (or long-play record) is a type of gramophone record. It is a 33⅓ rpm vinyl disc with little lines called grooves that go around the center. It is generally either 10- or 12-inches in diameter. They are played by a turntable. A turntable spins the record while a lever with a small needle on the bottom. The needle goes in between the little grooves. When this happens, music is played.

The LP record was introduced by Colombia Records in 1948. It then became the new way the music industry released recordings. In the 1960s, cassettes were introduced. This was a cheaper way to record music and not hear the noise that came from the LP record. However, the LP record continued to be more popular until the 1970s when the compact disc was introduced.

The long-playing record is an analog recording format. The digital recording of sound was only made practical by the technical advances in microprocessors and computing which occurred in the 1970s and 1980s. LP's sound quality, it contains more distortion than many other modern music formats.

Canadian Hot 100

The Canadian Hot 100 is a music chart that ranks popular music. It is published on "Billboard" magazine weekly. The Canadian Hot 100 ranks songs that have gained popularity in radio airplay in Canada. The Canadian Hot 100 is similar to the US Hot 100 chart. The Canadian Hot 100 ranks rock, country, adult contemporary and Top 40 genres.

Texas Monthly

Texas Monthly is a monthly magazine that is published in Texas. Texas Monthly was founded in 1973 by Michael R. Levy. Texas Monthly talks about life, music, politics, environment, industry and education in Texas. The magazine has over 300,000 subscribers and is read by 2,500,000 people monthly. The magazine also won ten "National Magazine Awards".



Dulce Amor (song)

"Dulce Amor" () is a song by the American singer Selena. The song was nominated "Song of the Year" at the 1989 Tejano Music Awards. Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III had written the song. It was the lead single from "the album of the same name" (1988). The songs lyrics are about a girl expressing her emotions about a guy she really loves. The song was mixed with Cumbia music and Jazz fusion.

Juan Gabriel

Alberto Aguilera Valadez, commonly known as Juan Gabriel, was a Mexican singer and songwriter. He was also regarded as the "most famous living representatives of Mexican music".

On August 28, 2016, it was reported that Gabriel died at the age of 66 from a heart attack earlier that day in Santa Monica, California.




Costumbres

"Costumbres" is a song by American singer Selena. The song was written by Juan Gabriel, a Mexican songwriter, who gave the rights to Selena to record. The song first appeared on "Dulce Amor" (1988). It became a single off of "Siempre Selena" (1996). The remix version is included in "Siempre Selena".

"Costumbres" is a song by Puerto Rican singer La India. She recorded the song as a tribute for Selena. It was included as a cover version on her album "Sobre el Fuego". It peaked on the Hot Latin Tracks chart at number eight. La India also performed the song during the Selena ¡VIVE! tribute concert in 2005.

Sony Music Latin

Sony Music Latin is a record company that specializes in Latin music. It is owned by Sony Music Entertainment.




Ranchera music

Ranchera is a Latin music genre. Ranchera is usually sung by one or more people with a guitar. It is popularized in Mexico. This type of music can be traced back to the Mexican Revolution. It is also similar to Mariachi music.




Mariachi

Mariachi is a Latin music genre. It is popularized in Mexico and its culture. This type of music includes instruments such as the violin, trumpet, guitar, vihuela, guitarrón and sometimes a harp. Mariachi is sung and performed mostly in bands. However, some solo artists such as Selena and Alejandro Fernández have recorded and performed Mariachi songs.



Joseph Serchuk

Joseph Serchuk (1919 in Chełm - 6 November 1993) was the commander of the Jewish partisan unit in the Lublin area in Poland during the Holocaust. After the war, he testified at trials of Nazis and he received special recognition from the State of Israel.

After his parents and other family members were killed in the ghetto in 1941, Joseph and his brother David were taken to Sobibor extermination camp. After one day in the camp, he fled with his brother to the nearest forest and together with others fleeing he founded the core of the partisan group. During the war, the group led by Jews who had escaped from the ghettos caught nearby and from Sobibor. The group also included the writer Dov Freiberg.

After the war, Joseph took part in locating fleeing Nazi war criminals in Europe, and served as a witness in the Nuremberg Trials. Then he returned to Poland and applied to emigrate to Israel, but was declined.

In 1950, Serchuk obtained a passport and went to Israel. Immediately upon arrival in Israel, he was drafted as a soldier in the army. After service, he married, settled in Yad Eliyahu in Tel Aviv and began business industry and entrepreneurship.

Over the years, Serchuk went to Europe several times to testify in the trials of Nazi war criminals. In one, the trial of Oberscharführer Hugo Raschendorfer, he was the only prosecution witness. After Raschendorfer was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment, Serchuk was awarded a special award from Nazi Crimes Investigation Department of the Israel Police.

In 1967, Levi Eshkol, the Israeli Prime Minister, gave him the Fighters against Nazis Medal, and in 1968 he received in addition the State Fighters Medal.

He saw the establishment and strengthening of the Israel Defense Forces and the State of Israel and the Jewish birthrate - his revenge against the Nazis who slaughtered all of his extended family.

Joseph Serchuk died in 1993 in Tel Aviv at age 74. He was married, and left behind nine children and more than one hundred grandchildren and great-grandchildren.



Angry Birds

Angry Birds is a series of puzzle video games developed by Rovio Entertainment from Finland. In the game, the player uses a slingshot to launch birds. The goal is to use them to shoot pigs that are on different buildings.

The Angry Birds series has over a dozen games. A spin off game, in which you play as the pigs, was also released called Bad Piggies on September 27, 2012.

The player uses a slingshot to launch the birds at the pigs that are standing on buildings made of blocks. Each level gives the player a line of birds; the bird sitting on the slingshot is launched when the player pulls the bird back. The bird behind it jumps up, and it is the next bird to be launched.

When a bird is launched, it can hit the buildings and make the blocks break. This can make the pigs fall and disappear. The bird can also hit the pig itself to destroy it. The player has to destroy all the pigs in the map to unlock another level.

Ther

Rovio Mobile has supported their games with many free updates that add more features and levels. In each game, there are themed groups of levels. Every group has a simple story: the pigs stole the birds’ eggs, so the birds try to get them back. Each story ends with the birds getting the eggs back.

There are several kinds of birds and pig enemies. The birds are round, and do not have wings or feet. in Angry Birds. The pigs also have no feet. The pigs are all green.

Types of Birds:

Types of Pigs (weakest to strongest):

The first version of this game was released in December 2009 for Apple’s mobile operating system iOS (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch). That release was a huge success so they decided to make versions for other mobile platforms (Maemo, webOS, Android, Symbian, Series 40 and Windows Phone). They also made versions even for computer operating systems (Mac OS, Windows) and gaming consoles (PlayStation, Xbox 360). There is also a version for Google’s social network Google Plus.

Because so many people liked this game, Rovio Mobile released new "Angry Birds" games: "Angry Birds Seasons", "Angry Birds Rio" and "Angry Birds Magic". The new games share the same goal as the first game. In "Angry Birds Seasons", there are levels inspired by holidays or seasons. "Angry Birds Rio" is set in Rio de Janeiro and instead of pigs and wingless birds, there are monkeys and birds from the movie "Rio". 

"Angry Birds Magic" is a special edition of the game for Nokia; for more levels, you have to use NFC.

From December 2009 to November 2011 people downloaded more than 500 million copies of this game. It is the number one game in 79 countries. People played 266 billion levels and shot 400 billion birds. They played 200,000 years of "Angry Birds" in total and 300 million minutes daily.

In early 2019, the original game, Rio, Star Wars 1 and 2 and others were removed. This caused mass outrage among the fanbase. Rovio responded confirming that the reason was due to Software Rot.

On March 31st 2022, the Remastered version of the original was released to the App Store and Google Play store.


Fishmonger

A fishmonger is someone who sells fish and seafood. Fishmongers can be wholesalers or retailers. In many places there are fewer fishmongers than there used to be. Supermarkets have often replaced independent seafood sellers. Female fishmongers used to have a separate name, fishwife.

The fishmongers guild was started in the City of London by a Royal Charter from Edward I soon after he became king in 1272. Guild members could not have foreign partners. Selling fish was tightly controlled to make sure it was fresh and to keep profits low. However, the guild grew rich. After Edward's victory over the Scots, they put on a great show, including one thousand mounted knights.

While Edward II was king, the fishmongers lost political power. Parliament made a rule that a fishmonger could not become mayor of the city. This rule was soon canceled, though. The fishmongers guild became richer so that while Edward III was king the guild could give £40 to the war against the French. This was a large amount of money at that time.

The guild was then reformed as the "Mystery of the Fishmongers of London". They were the only ones allowed to advertise or sell fish. They also regulated catching fish in the Thames. The river had many fish such as salmon at that time. The guild still continues today as one of the Great Twelve City Livery Companies.

Some believe that the word fishmonger in Shakespeare's "Hamlet" was a euphemism for a "fleshmonger," or pimp. 

In the English translation of the Asterix series, the village fishmonger is called Unhygienix. 
In the film "The Beach", the island's chef has only fish for meat, and is named Unhygienix after to the Asterix character.

Charles Fort included the story of the Mad Fishmonger or "St. Fishmonger" in his book "Lo!" According to the story St. Fishmonger made crabs and periwinkles fall from the sky. The story later appears in the "Schrödinger's Cat Trilogy" by Robert Anton Wilson. 

Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger is a writer and artist active in the Church of the Subgenius.

In many countries, the fishwife had a reputation for speaking boldly. In Medieval France, fishwives in Paris were allowed to speak honestly and directly to the King himself when he went into the marketplace. They could be critical without fear of punishment.


Deep frying

Deep frying is a way of cooking food by putting it in hot oil or fat. Deep frying cooks food very quickly. Deep frying is popular in the United Kingdom - one dish popular in the United Kingdom is fish and chips.

If done well, deep-frying does not make food too greasy, because the moisture in the food repels the oil. The hot oil heats the water in the food, steaming it from the inside out. The water vapor pushes the bubbles toward the surface of the oil. As long as the oil is hot enough and the food is not in the oil for too long, oil will only enter the surface of the food. However, if the food is cooked in the oil for too long, much of the water will be lost and the oil will begin to penetrate the food. The correct frying temperature depends on the thickness and type of food, but is usually between 175 and 190 °C (345–375 °F). 

Some fried foods are given a coating of batter or breading prior to frying. This makes the outside of the food crispy and browned, while the inside becomes tender, moist, and steamed. Some foods – such as potatoes or whole, skin-on poultry – have a natural coating and do not require breading or battering.

Deep frying makes large amounts of waste oil. Getting rid of the oil properly may be a problem. Waste oil is increasingly being recycled into biodiesel.

Some deep fry shortenings have trans fat.

Cooking oil can burn well and may catch fire if it is used at too high a temperature. Trying to put out an oil fire with water makes the fire worse. Instead, oil fires must be put out with a fire extinguisher or by smothering.


Corruption Perceptions Index

The Corruption Perceptions Index is an index that shows how corrupt certain countries are. Denmark has been the least corrupt nation eight times, while Somalia has been the most corrupt nation six times. All the information on this page is from Transparency International.

Newhall, California

Newhall is the southernmost district of Santa Clarita, California. It is the oldest district of Santa Clarita. Before 1987, Newhall was an independent but unincorporated town. It was the first permanent Anglo settlement in the valley.

It is named after businessman Henry Newhall. Newhall is home to the William S. Hart County Park. It has tours of the famous silent movie maker's mansion. Over the years, Newhall has been the location for many movies, including "Suddenly" (1954) and Disney's "The World's Greatest Athlete" (1973).


George Andrew Olah

George Andrew Olah (May 22, 1927 – March 8, 2017) was an Hungarian-born American chemist. His research involves the generation and reactivity of carbocations using superacids. For this research, Olah was awarded a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1994. The American Chemical Society gave him its highest honor, the Priestley Medal.

Olah was born in Budapest, Hungary, on May 22, 1927. He studied high school at Budapesti Piarista Gimnazium (Scolopi fathers). He studied, then taught, at what is now Budapest University of Technology and Economics. Following the 1956 Hungarian Revolution, he and his family moved briefly to England, They then moved to Canada. He joined Dow Chemical in Sarnia, Ontario, with another Hungarian chemist, Stephen J. Kuhn. During Olah's eight years with Dow, he started to study carbocations. In 1965, he left Dow for Case Western Reserve University. He joined the University of Southern California faculty in 1977. In 1971, Olah became a naturalized citizen of the United States.

Olah was a distinguished professor at the University of Southern California and the director of the Loker Hydrocarbon Research Institute. In 2005, Olah wrote an essay promoting the methanol economy.

The Olah family formed an endowment fund (the George A. Olah Endowment). It grants annual awards to outstanding chemists. The American Chemical Society selects and administers the awards.

Olah died on March 8, 2017 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, aged 89.

The search for stable carbocations led to the discovery of protonated methane. (Protonated methane is a methane molecule (CH) with an extra proton giving it a positive charge.) Protonated methane was stabilized by superacids, like FSOH-SbF ("Magic Acid"). 

Olah also studied how hydrocarbons are used as fuel.

Olah also disagreed for many years with Herbert C. Brown of Purdue University over the existence of so-called "nonclassical" carbocations – such as the norbornyl cation. They can be shown as cationic character shared (delocalized) over several bonds.

In recent years, his research has shifted from hydrocarbons (including hydrocarbon fuel) to the methanol economy. He joined Robert Zubrin, Anne Korin, and James Woolsey in calling for a Flexible-fuel vehicle mandate initiative.



Serie D

Serie D is the top level of the non-professional football clubs in Italy. Serie D ranks just below Serie C.

From the 1990's the league had 162 teams. The teams were split into 9 regional divisions, called Gironi. The divisions were usually formed of 18 teams. Teams were grouped based on location.

In the 2012–13 season there were 166 teams. Two groups are formed of 20 teams. The regions are divided as shown below:



Eigenvalues and eigenvectors

Linear algebra talks about types of functions called "transformations". In that context, an eigenvector is a vector—different from the null vector—which does not change direction after the transformation (except if the transformation turns the vector to the opposite direction). The vector may change its length, or become zero ("null"). The eigenvalue is the value of the vector's change in length, and is typically denoted by the symbol formula_1. The word "eigen" is a German word, which means "own" or "typical".

If there exists a square matrix called A, a scalar "λ, and a non-zero vector v, then λ" is the eigenvalue and v is the eigenvector if the following equation is satisfied:

In other words, if matrix "A" times the vector v is equal to the scalar "λ" times the vector v, then "λ" is the eigenvalue of v, where v is the eigenvector.

An eigenspace of "A" is the set of all eigenvectors with the same eigenvalue together with the zero vector. However, the zero vector is not an eigenvector.

These ideas often are extended to more general situations, where scalars are elements of any field, vectors are elements of any vector space, and linear transformations may or may not be represented by matrix multiplication. For example, instead of real numbers, scalars may be complex numbers; instead of arrows, vectors may be functions or frequencies; instead of matrix multiplication, linear transformations may be operators such as the derivative from calculus. These are only a few of countless examples where eigenvectors and eigenvalues are important.

In cases like these, the idea of "direction" loses its ordinary meaning, and has a more abstract definition instead. But even in this case, if that abstract "direction" is unchanged by a given linear transformation, the prefix "eigen" is used, as in "eigenfunction", "eigenmode", "eigenface", "eigenstate", and "eigenfrequency".

Eigenvalues and eigenvectors have many applications in both pure and applied mathematics. They are used in matrix factorization, quantum mechanics, facial recognition systems, and many other areas.

For the matrix "A"
the vector 
is an eigenvector with eigenvalue 1. Indeed, one can verify that:
On the other hand the vector 
is "not" an eigenvector, since
and this vector is not a multiple of the original vector x.





Superacid

A superacid is an acid with an acidity greater than that of 100% pure sulfuric acid. According to the modern definition, a superacid has a chemical potential of the proton higher than that of pure sulfuric acid.

Chemists use strong acids to break down other molecules. Some molecules are so strong (held together with strong chemical bonds) that they resist attack by common acids. Superacids can break down molecules that stand up to most other acids.

Commercially available superacids include trifluoromethanesulfonic acid (CFSOH), also known as triflic acid, and fluorosulfonic acid (FSOH). Both superacids are about a thousand times stronger (that is, have more negative "H" values) than sulfuric acid. The strongest superacids are prepared by the combination of two components, a strong Lewis acid and a strong Brønsted acid. The strongest known superacid is fluoroantimonic acid.


Sick building syndrome

Sick building syndrome (SBS) is a combination of illnesses (a syndrome) associated with a human's place of work (office building) or dwelling. A 1984 World Health Organization report into suggested up to 30% of new and remodeled buildings around the world may be linked to symptoms of SBS. Most of the sick building syndrome is related to poor indoor air quality.

SBS can be caused by flaws in the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems. Other causes have been contaminants produced by outgassing of some types of building materials, volatile organic compounds (VOC), molds (see mold health issues), improper exhaust ventilation of ozone (byproduct of some office machinery), using light industrial chemicals in the building, or lack of adequate fresh-air intake/air filtration (see Minimum Efficiency Reporting Value).

People try to fix SBS symptoms by increasing the overall turn-over rate of fresh air exchange between the building's air and the outside air. But the new green building design goals should be able to avoid most of the SBS sources in the first place. Cleaners should lower their use of dangerous VOC cleaning compounds, and get rid of conditions that cause allergenic, potentially-deadly mold growth.

Building occupants complain of symptoms such as irritation of the eyes, nose, throat; neurotoxic or general health problems; skin irritation; nonspecific hypersensitivity reactions; and odor and taste sensations.

Several sick occupants may report individual symptoms which do not appear to be connected. The key to discovery SBS is if a number of people first experience their illnesses within a period of weeks. In most cases, SBS symptoms will be relieved soon after the occupants leave the particular room or zone. However, there can be lasting effects of various neurotoxins, which may not clear up when the occupant leaves the building. Sensitive individuals can have long-term health effects.

The following steps can avoid SBS:

There might be a gender difference in reporting rates of sick building syndrome because women tend to report more symptoms than men. Along with this, some studies found that women have a more responsive immune system and are more prone to mucosal dryness and facial erythema. Also, women are alleged by some to be more exposed to indoor environmental factors, because they have a tendency to have more clerical work where they are exposed to unique office equipment and materials (example: blueprint machines), while men may more often have jobs based outside of offices.




Andrea Libman

Andrea Eva Libman (born July 19, 1984 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian voice actress, television writer and singer who is best known for voicing Chi-Chi in "Dragon Ball", Emmy in "Dragon Tales", Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy in "", and Peppermint in "Kate's Place". She also made on-screen appearances in the television shows "", "Susie Q", "The Lotus Eaters", and "Lyddie".


Twilight Sparkle

Twilight Sparkle is a fictional character from the My Little Pony franchise and the protagonist of , a 2010–2019 animated children's television series. Voiced by Tara Strong, she is depicted as a unicorn from the fictional country of Equestria who later becomes an alicorn and a princess. She has a dragon assistant named and five best friends: Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, and Rarity. Collectively, Twilight and her friends represent the six Elements of Harmony.

Twilight first appears in "", the two-part series premiere of "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic". She is depicted as the student of Princess Celestia, the main leader of Equestria. She predicts that Nightmare Moon, the corrupted evil sister of Celestia is about to return. Celestia responds by sending her to the town of Ponyville to learn about friendship. She makes her five best friends and defeats Nightmare Moon with the Elements of Harmony.

17 Again (movie)

17 Again is a 2009 American comedy-drama fantasy movie that was produced by Adam Shankman, Richard S. Wright, Jennifer Gibgot, Tom Rosenberg and Gary Lucchesi and was directed by Burr Steers. "17 Again" is about a 37-year-old man who becomes 17 again. It was released on April 17, 2009 in North America. The movie received mixed to positive reviews with a 55% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 48 out of 100 from Metacritic



Four Christmases

Four Christmases is an 2008 American romantic comedy movie that was produced by Gary Barber, Roger Birnbaum, Jonathan Glickman, Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon and was directed by Seth Gordon. "Four Christmases" was released on November 26, 2008 in North America. The movie received negative reviews, with a 25% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 41 out of 100 from Metacritic.

Brad and Kate, a couple avoiding their dysfunctional families, get trapped at the airport and are forced to visit all four of their families for Christmas. Along the way, they learn embarrassing secrets about each other that strain their relationship. Kate realizes she wants marriage and children, which initially frightens Brad. However, after heartfelt conversations with their respective parents, they both come to the same realization. They decide to get married and later welcome their first child on New Year's Day, inadvertently revealing the news to their families once again.



Automatic firearm

An automatic firearm is a firearm which will keep firing as long as the trigger is being pulled and there is still ammunition in the magazine.

An automatic weapon works by firing, automatically removing the cartridge case from the chamber, ejecting it from the side of the gun, and then loads a new cartridge into the chamber.

An "automatic pistol" or "automatic shotgun" usually means that it has a semi-automatic design. However, fully automatic pistols (for example the Steyr TMP) and shotguns (such as the Daewoo USAS-12 and the AA-12) do exist. "Automatic rifle" usually means that the rifle has a fully automatic design, not semi-automatic.

In most countries, automatic firearms are usually only allowed for the military and police to use. In countries where automatic firearms can be used by the public, there are usually very strict rules on their use.

A fully automatic weapon (a machine gun) is one that keeps firing bullets as long as the trigger is pulled. It stops when the trigger is let go or the ammunition is all gone. In some countries, any weapon that shoots more than one shot at a time when the trigger is pulled once is legally called a machine gun. Some firearms fire more than one bullet after each trigger pull, but only a limited number. This is called burst fire.

Submachine guns are fully automatic weapons that fire a pistol cartridge. They can also be used by only one person. Sometimes they are called machine pistols. 



Input device

In computing, an input device is computer hardware which is used to enter information for processing. Examples of input devices include keyboard, mouse, image scanner, digital cameras and joysticks. A touchscreen is a combined input and output device.


Output device

In computing, an output device is a peripheral equipment device that is used to give the results of processed data. 



Hitting for the cycle

In baseball, a player hits for the cycle when they hit a single, a double, a triple, and a home run in the same game. It does not have to be in that order. Collecting the hits in that order is known as a natural cycle.

Doubleheader (baseball)

In baseball, a doubleheader is when two teams play two games against each other on the same day. This usually happens because a game that was supposed to be played on a previous day had to be postponed because of bad weather. 

Louisville Colonels

The Louisville Colonels were a Major League Baseball team that played from 1882 to 1899. The Colonels represented the city of Louisville, Kentucky, in the United States. 

The team played in the American Association (AA). This was an early American major league baseball league from the 1800s. The team was first called the Louisville Eclipse from 1882 to 1884. Then it was renamed the Louisville Colonels in 1885. The name "the Colonels" comes from the Kentucky colonel, a title of honor in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.

In 1891, the AA folded (stopped existing). The Colonels then joined the National League. The team played for the National League through 1899. 

Notable Colonel players include Fred Clarke, Honus Wagner, and Rube Waddell.

Player-coach

A player-coach, in sports, is a member of a sports team who simultaneously holds both playing and coaching duties. The term can be used to refer to both players who serve as head coaches, or as assistant coaches.

Player/manager is a sports term used to described a manager of a team who is also registered to play for the team. In association football, this situation usually arises when a manager leaves a team suddenly, and the chairman has to make a quick decision to appoint someone new as a caretaker manager. The chairman will usually either ask a coach to take temporary charge or turn to the club's most senior player. If this particular player gains good results for the team during his time in charge, he may be appointed full-time manager, which leaves him a player/manager.

However, there are instances when a free agent is signed by a new team as a manager and offers his playing abilities.

In the United States, player/managers and player-coaches were once common, especially in the early days of baseball. The last player-manager in Major League Baseball was Pete Rose, who began managing the Cincinnati Reds in 1985, the second-to-last season of his playing career. Fred Clarke spent the longest time as a player-manager.

Batting average

Batting average is a statistic that is used in cricket and baseball measuring the batting of cricket batsmen or baseball hitters. 

In cricket, a batsman's average is the total number of runs he has scored divided by the number of times he has been got out. The statistic can be classified by the level of the cricket. Top batsmen will have separate averages for test cricket, first class cricket, one-day cricket and so on. The highest batting average is by Sir Donald Bradman which is 99.96.

In baseball, the batting average, abbreviated BA or sometimes AVG, is defined as the number of hits divided by at bats. For example, if a player had 50 hits over 175 at bats, their batting average would be .286.

New World rats and mice

The New World rats and mice are a group of rodents from the family Cricetidae. They are mammals with fur and long tails. These animals live in the wild in North and South America. The group is very large, with about 500 different species. Biologists are not sure whether the group is descended from a common ancestor, so there is no scientific name for it. There are three subfamilies, Neotominae, Sigmodontinae and Tylomyinae.

Members of the New World rats and mice have occupied different ecological niches. Because of this, they have developed different forms. Most of them resemble rats or mice in appearance, but some look like voles, moles, gerbils or shrews. The biggest of them are Kunsia, with about 16–30 cm body length, and about 8–16 cm tail. Among the smallest are Baiomys, with about 5–8 cm body length, and about 5 cm tail.

Most of the New World rats and mice live on the ground, but are good climbers. Some live in trees. Others dig holes in the ground, or live part of their life in the water. New world rats and mice do not hibernate, but on cold days in winter, they sometimes fall into a torpor.

The New World rats and mice have many predators, and usually live only a short time. In the wild, these animals usually live for less than a year, but they have reached ages of up to five years old when kept indoors and protected by people. Some species have adapted to humans, and are hemerophile. This has also shown in some common names, such as the Cotton rat, Marsh rice rat, Brown Cane Mouse or Short-tailed Cane Mouse.

Susana González

Susana Alejandra González del Río (born on October 2, 1973 in Calera de Víctor Rosales, Zacatecas) is a Mexican actress known for her talent, beauty and docile character.

When she was 18 years old, she won a scholarship to Televisa's acting academy. She won the hearts of the people because of her charisma and sweetness.

She has two children, Santiago and Susana. Her parents are Refugio and Elvira, and her siblings are José and Erica.




Fabián Robles

Fabián Robles (born in León de los Aldama, Guanajuato, Mexico, on April 16, 1974) is a Mexican actor.


Marlene Favela

Silvia Marlene Favela Meraz (born on August 5, 1976 in Santiago Papasquiaro, Durango, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and model She is known for acting in many soap operas. These include "Gata Salvaje", "El Zorro, the Sword and the Rose", "The Heirs of Mount" and "'s face Vengeance". She was also in the American movie "Species - The Awakening". 

Favela started in show business as a model. She later studied at Centro de Educación Artística (Center of Arts Education) of Televisa in Mexico City. Favela made a first appearance as a cheerleader of a television program called "Shrimp that falls Asleep".

Later, she began to work with soap operas. These included "The Beach House", "Baby Face", "The Intruder" and "Between love and hate". Her first success came with "Wildcat", because, previously, had always done roles; telenovela starring latter earned her the nickname" "wildcat "" for the general public.

She has also worked in theater with actors like Helena Rojo and Julio German, in Again, Sam and are unfaithful and do not look who. She was a presenter of a program called Meridian X, which dealt about extreme sports.

Later in soap operas and always participated in Bridal Veil, where facing the co-starring role, produced by Juan Osorio. She was in Ruby, under the production of José Alberto Castro, playing the character of Sonia, along with Barbara Mori

After these appearances she returned to star in a soap opera, with Against all odds, playing the character of Natalia Rios.

She starred in the telenovela Zorro, the Sword and the Rose was the first soap opera in history to HD, this is the most ambitious project of her career so far. The show was by Telemundo in collaboration with Sony Pictures and with a remarkable cast of actors like Christian Meier and Harry Geithner.

During 2008-2009 she took a break, in which she rejected the title roles of Doña Bella (RCN) and Beware the angel (Televisa ) with William Levy

In 2011 she returned to screens of Telemundo to star in the telenovela Del Monte Heirs again with Mario Cimarro. This production was recorded in Colombia and has actors such as Jose Luis Resendez, Roberto Mateos, and Natasha Klauss, among others.

In Hollywood she acted in the movie Species - The Awakening, with stars such as:Helena Mattsson, Adam Wylie, Ben Cross, Marco Bacuzzi and Dominic Keating.

In 2012 she returns to screens Venevision to star in the Passions of the Heart in which she won the lead role in history alongside Guy Ecker and Susana Dosamantes. This production is recorded in Miami and has actors Lorena Meritano, Daniela Navarro, Dayana Garroz, Carlos Guillermo Haydon among others. In late August, after signing an exclusive contract with Telemundo, the actress performs a dual role in The Bruiser Where does a star / antagonize melodrama after the end of the characters in Maritza Rodriguez and Elizabeth Gutierrez

She maintained a relationship from 2009 to 2010 with Jorge Kahwagi. Currently in a relationship with Guy Davidyan.

Marlene Favela, suffered a stroke On July 27 of 2012.

The actress was at her home in Miami when she began to feel a tingling in the hands, nausea, dizziness, difficulty speaking, so immediately went to hospital. Favela thought she was poisoned by eating seafood, but it turned out she had a stroke that could have been fatal, but thanks to the quick intervention of doctors was saved. In the hospital, Favela underwent surgery for intracranial bleeding caused by a congenital disease. The actress says that she could have gone blind or died.



Ninón Sevilla

Ninón Sevilla (Emelia Pérez Castellanos, November 10, 1921 – January 1, 2015) was a Cuban-Mexican movie dancer and actress who was active during the "golden age" of Mexican cinema. She was considered one of the greatest Cuban stars and the queen of the 'rumberas' (a style of movie dancing).

She was raised by her aunt. She danced her way through Havana night clubs and cabarets, and arrived in Mexico in 1945.



LG Optimus 2X

The LG Optimus 2X is a smartphone made by LG Electronics. The Optimus 2X is the world's first smartphone with a dual-core processor. The smartphone holds the Guinness World Record for this.

INDO

INDO stands for Intermediate Neglect of Differential Overlap. It is a semi-empirical quantum chemistry method that is a development of the complete neglect of differential overlap (CNDO/2) method developed by John Pople. Like CNDO/2 it uses zero-differential overlap for the two-electron integrals. Integrals for over orbitals centered on the same atom are included in the INDO method.

The method is now rarely used in its original form. But it is the basis for several other methods, such as MINDO, ZINDO and SINDO.


Wiswesser Line Notation

Wiswesser Line Notation, also referred to as WLN, was the first line notation that precisely describes complex molecules. The notation is simple, so that trained chemists as well as computers can translate it. It was invented by William J. Wiswesser in 1949.

The keypunch was the main data entry device when WLN was developed. Keypunches could only type capital letters(A-Z), numbers(0-9), and a few special characters(& / -). So, the symbols used in WLN were limited so that they could be stored on punched cards.




Hemerophile

Hemerophile is a term used for animals and plants that profit from the changes humans have made to their environment. For this reason, they can often be found in the cultural landscape of humans; they are said to follow humans. Some species that live closely together with humans, and that have followed them to their immediate surroundings are called synanthropes. 

The Winter's Tale

The Winter's Tale is a play by William Shakespeare, published in the First Folio, in 1623. It was grouped among the comedies, but some modern editors have relabelled the play as one of Shakespeare's late romances. Some critics, among them W. W. Lawrence, consider it to be one of Shakespeare's "problem plays", because the first three acts are filled with intense psychological drama, while the last two acts are comedic and supply a happy ending. 

Despite this, the play has been popular, and there are different adaptations of it to the stage. The first was done by David Garrick in his adaptation called "Florizel and Perdita"; first performed in 1754 and published in 1756. "The Winter's Tale" was revived again in the 19th century, when the third "pastoral" act was widely popular). In the second half of the 20th century "The Winter's Tale" was often performed as a whole. The text was usually taken from the First Folio.

Polixenes, King of Bohemia, visits his old friend Leontes, King of Sicilia. Leontes wants Polixenes to stay longer, but at first Polixenes wants to go home. However, he is persuaded to stay for longer by Leontes's wife, Queen Hermione. Leontes starts to fear that Hermione and Polixenes are in love with each other. Leontes orders Lord Camillo to poison Polixenes, but Camillo decides to warn Polixenes instead and they run away together to Bohemia.

Leontes is furious. He accuses his wife of betraying him and puts her in prison. He orders two lords, Cleomenes and Dion, to visit the Oracle, a wise person who is believed to know everything. When Hermione gives birth to a daughter, Leontes believes that Polixenes is the girl's father. He orders Lord Antigonus to take the baby away and abandon her. Hermione is put on trial, when Cleomenes and Dion return with the Oracle's reply. Leontes does not want to hear it, but they read it out. The Oracle says that Hermione and Polixenes were never in love with each other, that Camillo is an honest man, and that Leontes will have no heir until his lost daughter is found.

News then comes in that Leontes's only son, Mamillus, has died. He fell ill after seeing his mother being accused by his father. Hermione then collapses. Leontes is then told that she has died. He is left in despair. He vows to make up for what he has done wrong and find his lost daughter. Meanwhile, Hermione appears to Antigonus in a dream and tells him to name the baby Perdita. He leaves the baby on the coast, with her name written down and some jewellery to show she comes from a noble family. He is then chased away by a bear (and probably killed). Perdita is later found by a shepherd.

Sixteen years pass. Camillo lives with Polixenes but wants to return home to Sicilia. Polixenes believes his son, Prince Florizel, has fallen in love with a shepherd girl called Perdita. Polixenes and Camillo disguise themselves and go to the shepherd's feast to see if this is true. They watch Florizel get engaged with Perdita at the feast. Polixenes then removes his disguise and angrily tells his son never to see Perdita again. Camillo steps in and instead takes Florizel and Perdita to Sicilia, with the shepherd's family joining them.

Back in Sicilia, Leontes is still mourning his family. Cleomenes and Dion want the king to marry again, but Leontes believes no woman would be as good as Hermione, and his servant Paulina agrees. Florizel arrives and tries to hide why he has come, but it gets revealed once Polixenes and Camillo also arrive. After all that has happened, everyone becomes friends again. Once Leontes learns that the shepherds raised Perdita, he decides to make them lords in his kingdom. Paulina then takes them to see a statue of Hermione that has just been finished. The statue comes to life, and Hermione is alive once more. Everyone celebrates the miracle.

Like most of Shakespeare's plays, it was based off an existing story. It is mainly based off a 1588 play called "Pandosto" by Robert Greene. Shakespeare made less changes to the story than he would usually make. The main difference is that he changed it from a sad ending to a happy ending. Shakespeare made other, smaller changes. All the characters have different names, and Bohemia and Sicilia are swapped around.

The play has five "acts" (parts). The first three acts have tense drama. A character called "Time" briefly appears to announce the sixteen-year time jump between the third and fourth acts. The last two acts are much lighter in tone. They are like the "pastoral" plays that were popular around Shakespeare's time, which were light plays that were set in the countryside. Although the play has a happy ending, some of the tragedy cannot be undone: Mamillus is still dead, and the bad things that happened in the past cannot be forgotten.

It appears Shakespeare was not trying to make the play realistic. Many things in the play suggest it is set in Europe in Shakespeare's day, but the "Oracle of Delphos" sounds like the Oracle of Delphi in Ancient Greece. This was located in the mountains, not on an island like in the play. In the play, it is also said that Bohemia has a coastline and deserts. The real Bohemia was located where the Czech Republic is now located. It never had a coastline or deserts. Shakespeare might have chosen to make it unrealistic, in order to make the play feel more like a fantasy. 

The play also has a famous moment when Antigonus is chased away by a bear. In the stage directions, this is written as "Exit, pursued by a bear." It is not known whether Shakespeare used a real bear, or whether it was an actor dressed as a bear.

It is not clear how Hermione returns at the end of the play. The play suggests it might be magic, but it also suggests that Hermione was alive all along.

William Griffiths (politician)

William Griffiths (7 April 1912–14 April 1973) was a British Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was Member of Parliament for Moss Side from 1945 until 1950. He represented Manchester Exchange from 1950 until his death in 1973.



Gran Turismo (PlayStation Portable)

Gran Turismo is the PlayStation Portable game of the "Gran Turismo" racing series. It has over 700 cars.
The fastest cars are the Bugatti Veyron, and the two Formula One cars.

Remipedia

Remipedia is a class of blind crustaceans. They live in coastal aquifers.

So long as the water is salty, these little animals can be found.
They are found in almost every ocean basin, including in Australia, the Caribbean Sea, the Atlantic Ocean. They live in subtropical waters.

The first described remipede was a fossil called "Tesnusocaris goldichi" (early Pennsylvanian). Since 1979 at least 17 living species have been identified.

Genetic studies suggest that remipedes are the arthropods most closely related to insects.

Remipedes are long. They have a head and a long trunk of up to forty-two similar body segments. The swimming appendages are on the sides of each segment, and the animals swim on their backs. They are generally slow-moving.

They have fangs connected to secretory glands. It is not known whether these glands secrete digestive juices or poisonous venom. They have a primitive body plan in crustacean terms, and may be a basal, ancestral crustacean group.

At least one species, "Godzilliognomus frondosus", has an organised brain, with a particularly large olfactory area. Species which live in dark environments need to detect scents in the water. The size and complexity of the brain suggested that Remipedia might be the sister taxon to Malacostraca, regarded as the most advanced crustaceans.

Hokkien

Hokkien refers to a Chinese language spoken in Southern Fujian, Taiwan and many Southeast Asian countries such as Malaysia and Singapore. It is similar to Teochew.

Kumaranalloor

Kumaranallor is a place in Kerala, India. It is in Kottayam District. It is well known for the Devi Temple.

Ichinoseki, Iwate

Ichinoseki is in the southernmost area of Iwate Prefecture in the Tohoku region of Japan. The city's name means "first gate" in Japanese.
The city has expanded in area by taking in and joining neighboring towns. The current city of Ichinoseki became larger after 7 towns merged on September 20, 2005. The city is now equivalent to former Iwai District, and it is connected to Miyagi and Akita Prefectures. The population is nearly 120,000, with 42,335 households.

There are many factories belonging to large Japanese companies such as Sony and NEC in Ichinoseki. The city has many Brazilian workers living there. Outside the city center there are many farms. Some Chinese and Filipino women have moved here to marry local farmers.

 Ichinoseki is close to historically important Hiraizumi to the north. Tsuriyama Park is near the center of the original city of Ichinoseki. Tsuriyama Park gives a good view of Ichinoseki. Hondera Farm Village has been named an Important Cultural Landscape.









Ichinoseki is on the JR East Tōhoku Shinkansen connecting Ichinoseki with Tokyo. It is also on the Tōhoku Main Line, which connects Ichinoseki and the prefecture's capital, Morioka.


Maxillopoda

Maxillopoda is a diverse class of crustaceans which includes the barnacles, copepods and a number of related animals.

It does not appear to be a monophyletic group, and no single character unites all the members.

With the exception of some barnacles, maxillopodans are mostly small, including the smallest known arthropod, "Stygotantulus stocki". They often have short bodies, with the abdomen reduced in size, and generally lacking any appendages  This may have arisen through paedomorphosis.

Apart from barnacles, which use their legs for filter feeding, most maxillopodans feed with their maxillae. Their bodyplan has 5 head segments, 6 thoracic segments and 4 abdominal segments, followed by a telson (tailpiece).

The fossil record of the group extends back into the Cambrian, with fossils of barnacles and tongue worms known from that period.

Six subclasses are generally recognised, although many works have included the ostracods among the Maxillopoda. Of the six groups, only Mystacocarida are entirely free-living; all the members of the Tantulocarida, Pentastomida and Branchiura are parasitic, and many of the Copepoda and Thecostraca are parasites.

Line notation

Line notation is a text-based notation system using ASCII characters. It is most often used for chemical nomenclature. An entire chemical structure is written on a single straight line.

Line notation can also be a word and symbol description of an electrochemical cell used in chemistry. 


Cephalocarida

Cephalocarida is a class inside the subphylum Crustacea that has only twelve shrimp-like benthic species. They were discovered in 1955, and are commonly referred to as horseshoe shrimps.

All cephalocaridans are in just one family: Hutchinsoniellidae. Even though there is no fossil record of cephalocaridans, most specialists believe them to be basal (primitive) among crustaceans.

These crustaceans are from in length, with a long body. They have no eyes, and live in a muddy natural habitat.

The structural and functional similarity between the maxillae and the legs may be a sign of primitive organization; the maxillae are not specialized, as they are in other crustaceans.

The thorax consists of 10 segments, and the abdomen bears a telson but no other appendages.

Cephalocaridans are found from the intertidal zone down to a depth of 1500 metres, in all kinds of sediments. They feed on marine detritus. To bring in food particles, they make water currents with the thoracic appendages like the branchiopods and the malacostracans. Food particles are passed forward along a ventral groove, leading to the mouthparts.

Dulce Amor Tour

The Dulce Amor Tour was the seventh small concert tour by American singer Selena. The tour was to promote her seventh independent LP record "Dulce Amor" (1988). The tour began on November 26, 1988, in Corpus Christi, Texas. The concert ended on July 26, 1989, in Houston, Texas. Selena had sung a lot of covers during this tour. She also had begun designing her own clothing.

Selena was inspired by Janet Jackson, Madonna and Paula Abdul for designing her own clothing. Selena was inspired by Michael Jackson for dance moves that she could perform. In some concerts, Selena was underpaid by venues across Texas. She was not paid fairly because she was a female lead-singer in a male-dominated genre. Selena had food thrown at her by Tejano fans at one of her concerts.

The concert tour had grossed only $4,500. The concert ended because of angry fans and because Selena was being promoted to EMI Latin.

The Dulce Amor Tour started on November 26, 1988, in Corpus Christi, Texas, Selena's hometown. The tour was also her last independent tour before signing a contract with EMI Latin. Selena had asked her father, Abraham Quintanilla Jr, if she could design the band's clothing. Her father did not want her to choose the band's clothing. However, he did give her permission to design her own clothing.

Selena had inspiration from Madonna, Paula Abdul and Janet Jackson. She also had inspiration for dance moves from Micheal Jackson and other popular 1980s singers. When the tour had begun, Selena had performed more cover versions then her own songs. Selena felt that she should sing popular music to help the band become more popular. The concerts had usually lasted for an hour and a half.

Selena was paid only $150 for each concert. However, some venues underpaid Selena because she was a female lead-singer in a male-dominated genre. Venues who booked Selena felt that she would never become a huge successful singer. Some even laughed at Selena's father for even promoting her. During several concerts, food was thrown at Selena by Tejano fans.

Selena was discriminated against and was not allowed to perform at some venues. However, the Dulce Amor Tour became the most successful tour in Selena's early career. This was because, more venues had booked Selena to perform and attendance to her concerts were growing. The Dulce Amor Tour had grossed $4,500.

In some concerts such as the December 10, 1988 Dallas, Texas concert, Selena had performed "Tú Solamente Tú", "Qué", "Soy Amiga", "Dame Tu Amor", "Dame Un Beso" and "A Million To One". In this concert, she only had done two covers that night.

On February 20, 1989, Selena performed in Odessa, Texas. Her concert had ended early because Tejano fans were throwing food at Selena. Selena only got to perform "Costumbres", "Quisiera Darte", "I Like It", "No More Lies" and "Dulce Amor". Selena and her band were taken back to their tour bus. The club owner did not pay Selena. He felt that he now needed the money to clean up the mess. He also banned Selena to ever perform again at his venue until 1994, after she had won a Grammy Award.





Church's Texas Chicken

Church's Texas Chicken is a restaurant franchise that specializes primarily in fried chicken, but also sells french fries, mashed potatoes and biscuits. It was founded in San Antonio on April 17, 1952. Its headquarters are in Sandy Springs, Georgia. Church's is the 4th largest fried chicken franchise in the United States, the largest being Kentucky Fried Chicken.

By the mid-to late-1990s, Church's Chicken and hamburger chain White Castle announced their co-franchise, in which both companies would sell their own separate products while operating in some shared restaurant spaces with some shared personnel. In Canada, Church's Chicken items were once available in Harvey's restaurants, but the co-venture was discontinued.


PPSh-41

The PPSh-41 ("Pistolet-Pulemyot Shpagina"; ; "Shpagin machine pistol") is a Soviet submachine gun. It was designed by Georgi Shpagin. The PPSh-41 was supposed to be a cheaper, simpler gun to use than the PPD-40. The PPD-40 was in Soviet service at that time. The PPSh-41 officially replaced the PPD-40 in 1941. The PPSh-41 was supposed to be used by conscripted soldiers with very little training. The PPSh-41 got its ammunition from a magazine. It was also a selective fire submachine gun. It was made mostly of stamped steel. It fired the 7.62×25mm pistol round. The PPSh-41 was used a lot during World War II and the Korean War, as it was the most produced SMG throughout the wars. It was still in use in Vietnam with the Viet Cong as late as 1970 as the Chinese Type 50 (a copy). There were even some PPSh-41's captured by US soldiers as late as the Iraq War.

The idea for the development of the PPSh-41 came partly from the Winter War against Finland. It was found in this war that submachine guns were good weapons for close-quarters combat. The PPSh-41 was developed in mid-1941. It was made in many factories in Moscow. Local Party members were made responsible for making sure enough PPSh-41s were made.

A few hundred weapons were made in November 1941. Another 155,000 were made over the next five months. By spring 1942, PPSh-41 factories were making around 3,000 weapons a day. The PPSh-41's design was good, as it allowed many weapons to be made in a short amount of time (mass production). Other examples of this kind of design were the M3 submachine gun, MP40 and the Sten. Its parts (except the barrel) could be made by unskilled workers. The PPSh-41 used 87 parts, and the PPD-40 used 95. The PPSh-41 could be made in 7.3 hours. However, the PPD-40 took 13.7 hours. The making of the barrel was often made simpler by using barrels made for the M1891 Mosin–Nagant rifle. The rifle barrel was cut in half. From this one rifle barrel, two PPSh-41 barrels were made. The barrel was then altered for the 7.62mm Soviet submachine gun cartridge.

The PPSh-41 was popular in the German armies as well. Captured PPSh-41s were often used by the Germans against their enemies. It was so popular among German soldiers, in fact, that it was the second most used SMG among German forces in WWII.

After the German Army captured a lot of PPSh-41s during World War II, a program was started. In this program, the weapons would be altered to fire the German submachine gun bullet, the 9mm Parabellum. The Wehrmacht officially called these PPSh-41s the MP41(r). PPSh-41s which were not altered were called the MP717(r). They were given 7.63x25mm Mauser ammunition instead of the Soviet 7.62x25mm bullet. The German military made German-language manuals to teach soldiers how to use the PPSh-41. These were printed and given out across the Wehrmacht.

The Soviet Union also tried the PPSh-41 in close air support. They put dozens of PPSh-41s on some of their planes.

Over 6 million PPSh-41s were made by the end of the war. After the Battle of Stalingrad, they became the most used small arms in the Red Army. The Soviets would often give whole regiments or even divisions the PPSh-41. This gave them excellent close-range power.

After the war, a large number of PPSh-41s were given to Soviet client states. They were also handed out to communist guerillas. The North Korean People's Army (NKPA) and the Chinese People's Volunteer Army (PVA) fighting in Korea got huge amounts of PPSh-41s. They were also given the North Korean Type 49 and the Chinese Type 50. These were copies of the PPSh-41s with small changes. The PPSh-41 was used a lot during the entire Korean War. Though it was not very accurate, the PPSh-41 did well in close-range battles because of its extremely high rate of fire and its high ammo capacity. These often happened in the Korean War, especially at night. United Nations forces often had trouble with returning enough bullets when they were attacked by communists with the PPSh-41. Some U.S. infantry officers said that the PPSh-41 was the best gun of the war. It was not as accurate as the U.S. M1 Garand or M1 carbine. However, it gave more power at close range.

The PPSh-41 fired the 7.62x25mm (Tokarev) bullet. The 7.62x25mm was the main Soviet pistol and submachine gun bullet. The PPSh-41 weighed around 12 pounds (5.45 kg) with a full 71-round magazine. It weighed 9.5 pounds (4.32 kg) with a loaded 35-round magazine. The PPSh-41 could fire 900 rounds per minute. This was very high compared to other submachine guns of World War II. The PPSh-41 did not have a grip on it. Because of this, the soldier usually had to hold the PPSh-41 behind the drum magazine. The soldier could also hold the bottom of the drum. 35-round box magazines could have been used from 1942. However, Soviet soldiers in World War II usually kept the 71-round drum magazine.

The PPSh-41 drum magazine was a copy of the Finnish M31 Suomi magazine. It held 71 rounds. The drum magazine was slower and more difficult to load with ammunition than the box magazine. The box magazine began to be used more after 1942. Even though it had less bullets in it, the box magazine made it easier to hold the weapon. It was possible that the PPSh-41 would fire bullets if it was dropped on a hard surface. This was because of its open bolt design.

Because the Germans had captured so many PPSh-41s, a program was started. In this program, the weapons would be altered to fire the German submachine gun bullet. This bullet was called the 9mm Parabellum. The Wehrmacht officially called these PPSh-41s the MP41(r). PPSh-41s which were not altered were called the MP717(r). They were given 7.63x25mm Mauser ammunition instead of the Soviet 7.62x25mm bullet. The German military made German-language manuals to teach soldiers how to use the PPSh-41. These were printed and given out across the Wehrmacht.

During World War II, an even simpler submachine gun was brought in to service. It was called the PPS-43. However, it did not replace the PPSh-41 during the war.





Geto Boys

Geto Boys (Formerly Ghetto Boys) is an American rap group from Houston, Texas. Geto Boys have three members in the band; the current band members are Bushwick Bill, Scarface and Willie D. The best is known for their use of misogyny, gore, psychotic experiences, and necrophilia in their lyrics. The band originally consisted of members; Prince Johnny C, The Slim Jukebox, DJ Ready Red, and Little Billy. Little Billy later became known as Bushwick Bill.

So far as of 2011, Geto Boys have released 8 Studio albums:



IONIS Education Group

IONIS Education Group is the leading private higher education group in France. The group was created in 1980 and has more than 35,000 students and 100,000 alumni in 2023 currently working in business, IT, aviation, energy, transportation, biology, management, finance, marketing, communication, and design. 29 schools are members of the group.

It also has an independent non-profit Foundation.

Since July 2023, the head is Charline Avenel.





Scarface (rapper)

Brad Terrence Jordan (born November 9, 1970 in Houston, Texas), known by his stage name, Scarface, is an American rapper. He is best known as being a member of the rap group, Geto Boys. Scarface also appears in the video games Def Jam Vendetta and . He is cited as being an influence to many different rappers.

Scarface has released 12 studio albums:

Die Deutschen Inschriften

The Academies of Sciences in Mainz and Göttingen planed and carried the project "Deutsche Inschriften Online" (English: German Inscriptions Online) out. The project's ambition was to digitalize the volumes DI 66/45/56/58/61 and make them available online. The realisation is based on a database who was developed by the Inscription-offices in Greifswald and Mainz. The venture has an innovative character. It is seeing itself as a broadening of the project "Inschriften Mittelrhein-Hunsrück (IMH)" (English: Inscriptions of the Middlerhine-Hunsrück). The IMH-Project was worked out in 2008. The "Institut für Geschichtliche Landeskunde an der Universität Mainz" (English: Institute for Regional History at the University of Mainz) took part in working out the IMH-Project. The project digitalized the volume "Die Inschriften des Rhein-Hunsrück Kreises I (DI 60)" (English: The Inscriptions of the Rhine-Hunsrück District) edited by epigraphist Eberhard J. Nikitsch. In the meantime the website of the IMH-Project has merged into the DIO-Web portal. In the long run digitalization and making available online of further volumes is scheduled. Also a translation of the DIO-Website into the English language is projected.

Besides the digitalized volumes DIO features an elaborated search interface, news concerning epigraphy and series of articles. The series featured are "Epigraphischer Tipp" (English: Epigraphical Hint) and "Inschrift im Fokus" (English: Focused on Inscription). There are also a glossary and a list of topical weblinks. Additionally the site presents a wide array of photographs and pictures of inscriptions or things alike. By this means the publishers try to interweave different alternatives of presenting information to the public.

Today twelve volumes including more than 4170 items and more than 4000 illustrations and photographs can be retrieved by the user. Currently online available are the volumes DI-19 Göttingen (City), DI-28 Hameln, DI-36 Hannover, DI-42 Einbeck, DI-45 Goslar, DI-56 Braunschweig, DI-58 Hildesheim, DI-60 Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis I, DI-61 Helmstedt, DI-66 Göttingen (District), DI-46 Minden, The Inscriptions of the City of Mainz. First Part: The Inscriptions of the Cathedral and the Museum of Cathedral and Diocese ranging from 800 to 1350.



Buenos Amigos

"Buenos Amigos" () is a duet from American singer Selena and Salvadoran singer Alvaro Torres. The song became Selena's first number-one single. It peaked at number-one on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks in 1992. The single "Como La Flor" (1992) became Selena's first solo artist single.

¿Qué Creias?

"¿Qué Creias?" () is a song by American singer Selena. "¿Qué Creias?" became the third single from "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992). It peaked at number 14 on the Hot Latin Tracks and number 16 on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay chart. 

Amame

"Amame" () is a song by American singer Selena. "Amame" became the fourth and last single from "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992). "Amame" peaked at number 27 on the Hot Latin Tracks and number 21 on the Regional Mexican Airplay chart. "Amame" was remixed for "Anthology" (1998). It included a ballad version of the song.

No Debes Jugar

"No Debes Jugar" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song was the lead single from "Selena Live!" (1993). The song peaked at number three on the Hot Latin Tracks, Latin Regional Mexican Airplay and Latin Pop Airplay chart. 

La Llamada

"La Llamada" () is a song by American singer Selena. "La Llamada" became the second single from "Selena Live!" (1993). The music video was filmed in Malibu, California. The song peaked at number five on the Hot Latin Tracks, number six on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay and number eight on the Latin Pop Airplay charts. 

Tú Robaste Mi Corazón

"Tu Robaste Mi Corazón" () is a duet by Mexican-American singers Selena and Emilio Navaira. "Tu Robaste Mi Corazon" was the third and last single from "Selena Live!" (1993). In "Siempre Selena" (1996), the male parts of the song were performed by Pete Astudillo. The song peaked at number five on the Hot Latin Tracks, number six on the Latin Pop Airplay and number eight on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay charts.

Donde Quiera Que Estés

"Dondequiera Que Estés" () is a single released by Selena with a duet with the Barrio Boyzz. The song was a major hit in 1994, staying at #1 for 6 weeks on top of the Hot Latin Tracks chart.

The song was first released on the Barrio Boyzz album Donde Quiera Que Estes in 1993 and was never included on the Amor Prohibido album at the time of the release, but was then included on the reissued version of "Amor Prohibido" in 2002 and also included on Selena's greatest hits collection "Ones".

The music video for "Dondequiera Que Estés" was shot entirely in New York City. The video consisted of Selena and the Barrio Boyzz performing choreographed dancing.






Bushwick Bill

Richard Shaw (December 8, 1966 – June 9, 2019), known by his stage name, Bushwick Bill, was an American rapper of Jamaican descent. He was best known as being a member of the rap group, Geto Boys. Bushwick Bill has dwarfism.

He lost his eye when he was depressed, drunk and suicidal, and went to his girlfriend's house and asked her to shoot him. She refused, and he threatened to hurt their baby. After a struggle, the gun went off and the bullet pierced his eye which left the bullet stuck inside his head. Bill survived the accident. The album cover for Geto Boy's 1991 album, We Can't Be Stopped is a picture of Bill in the hospital after his accident.

On May 1, 2019, he revealed that in February of that year he had been diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer. He died a month later on June 9, 2019 at a Denver, Colorado hospital from the disease, aged 52.

Bushwick Bill has released 6 studio albums:

Bidi Bidi Bom Bom

"Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" is a song by American singer Selena.

Before "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" was written, Selena had performed cover versions of popular songs while on tour. While touring on the Entre A Mi Mundo Tour, Selena had decided to perform a song she had recently written. The song was called "Little Bidi Bubbles", "Little Bubbles" and "Swim Swim Swim!" The song was in English and had talked about a fish swimming in the ocean happily. The fish was given only one wish and had decided to give that wish away to another fish she had really liked. The song was performed in the style of roots reggae mixed with cumbia music. The song had became a sound check for Selena y Los Dinos, after Selena had written the song. Initially, Selena had wanted to perform the song to her fans and see their reactions before she would professionally record it. The song was not recorded even though it was given positive feedback from fans. 

A.B. Quintanilla III, Selena's brother, was short on songs to be recorded for Selena's next studio album. A.B had wanted to record an "exotic progressive" album that would help Selena to expand her fan base even bigger. He then decided to finish writing "Little Bidi Bubbles" and turn it into a Caribbean reggae song mixed with Colombian cumbia to attract fans from the Caribbean. Pete Astudillo, a former back-up dancer for the band, also helped with writing the song. Chris Perez, the widower of Selena, had brought Rock fusion and guitar solos into the song. The song was written in Spanish and was produced by A.B., Selena's father Abraham Quintanilla Jr and Bebu Silvetti. Brian "Red" Moore, a family friend, had mixed the song. Roger Emerson became the music arranger for the song. "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" was recorded in Q-Productions in Corpus Christi, Texas.

Around the early months of 1994, the lyrics of the song was finished. Selena had recorded the song a few weeks afterwards. A.B. told interviewers that he was afraid and nervous about releasing the song because of its mixed music genres. He also said that the use of mixed genres had never been done before for a Tejano singer. After "Amor Prohibido" (1994) was released, EMI Latin had a hard time choosing a lead single. Selena and the record company had wanted "Amor Prohibido" as the lead single, whereas A.B. had wanted "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom". A.B. had tried to convince his sister and EMI, but was unsuccessful. "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" had then became a promotional single for the album.

When Selena was killed on March 31, 1995, she was in the middle of releasing a crossover album. EMI Latin and Selena's family had decided to release it on July 18 of that same year. However, since the album was not finished, they were short on songs. A.B. had then made a few remix versions of Selena's most popular and famous songs, one of them being "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom", which were included in "Dreaming of You" (1995).

Fotos y Recuerdos

"Fotos y Recuerdos" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song sampled the song "Back on the Chain Gang" by The Pretenders.

Gullfoss

Gulfoss is a waterfall in Iceland. It is part of the Golden Circle tour, which is a popular tour that many tourists take. The Golden Circle shows you the national park Þingvellir, the waterfall Gullfoss (meaning "golden falls"), and the geothermally active valley of Haukadalur, which contains the geysers (erupting hot-springs). In Icelandic, 'Gul' means 'Gold' or 'Golden' and 'Foss' translates into 'Fall'.

Gullfoss and its environments were designed in 1979 as a nature reserve. This served to permanently protect the waterfall and allow the public to enjoy this unique area. The Environment Agency of Iceland is responsible for the management of this reserve.Tourism of this amazing waterfall has been dated to as far back as 1875.In the early days of the last century, Gullfoss was at the centre of much controversy regarding foreign investors and their desire to profit off Iceland’s nature. In the year 1907, an English businessman, Howell, sought to utilise the waterfall’s energy and harboured ambitions to use its energy to fuel a hydroelectric plant.

At the time, Gullfoss was owned by a farmer named Tómas Tómasson. Tómas declined Howell’s offer to purchase the land, stating famously “I will not sell my friend!” He would, however, go on to lease Howell the land without the knowledge of a loophole that would allow him to proceed with his plans.

It was Tómas’ daughter, Sigríður Tómasdóttir, who would lead the charge to stop Howell’s ambitions. Having grown up on her father’s sheep farm where she helped pave the first road to Gullfoss, she sought to get the contract nullified, hurriedly saving her own money to hire a lawyer.

The ensuing legal battle was an uphill struggle; the case continued for years, forcing Sigríður to travel many times by foot to Reykjavík, a distance of over 100 kilometres (62 miles). Circumstances became so difficult that Sigríður threatened to throw herself into the waterfall if any construction began.

The gorge was formed by flash flood waters that forced their way through the cracks in the basalt lava layers. On average the water flow is around 110 m3/s. But when these floods happen it can go up to 2000 m3/s, this means that it can fill almost 50 Olympic pools in one minute or about one every second. The floods were so intense that they could fill up the gorge, which is an impressive 32 meters tall, up to the top.

Gullfoss is a tiered Cataract, its total height is 32 m. It has two falls, of which the longest drop is 21 meters tall. It is in the Hvitá River in the Southwestern part of Iceland.

Si Una Vez

"Si Una Vez" () is a song by American singer Selena. It was released as the fifth single from "Amor Prohibido" (1994).

In 1994, Puerto Rican merengue musician Manny Manuel covered the song on his debut album, "El Rey de Corazones". The track peaked at #18 on Hot Latin Tracks and #1 on the Latin Tropical Airplay. 

I Could Fall in Love

"I Could Fall in Love" is a song by American Tejano singer Selena. It was written and produced by Keith Thomas. It was for Selena's fifth album "Dreaming of You" (1995). The song's lyrics are about a woman who loves a guy. She is scared of rejection so she decides not to tell him and keeps it to herself.

It was released in the United States on June 26, 1995 as a promotional recording and not as a CD single. Because of this, it was not eligible for the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The song was released three months after Selena was killed by her friend and ex-employer of her clothing stores, Yolanda Saldivar. "I Could Fall in Love" reached number eight on the US Hot 100 Airplay chart. It reached number one in Canada and the US Latin Pop Airplay chart. "I Could Fall in Love" had also reached many other positions on other charts.

Helped by heavy rotation, "I Could Fall in Love" became Selena's most famous songs. It also helped her gain English speaking fans. Many "American Idol" contestants have covered the song. Puerto Rican singer and actress, Jennifer Lopez have covered the song as a tribute to Selena during one of her concerts. Cuban singer, Gloria Estefan have covered the song during the "Selena ¡VIVE!" concert held on April 9, 2005.

Selena, and her brother A.B. Quintanilla III, went to Nashville, Tennessee to see Keith Thomas. Thomas is a music producer and a songwriter who has worked with Amy Grant before. Thomas had introduced himself to both Selena and A.B. He explained to them that he did not add any vocals to the song called "I Could Fall in Love". The vocals in a song help singers learn the lyrics quicker. Thomas began singing the introduction of "I Could Fall in Love". At that moment, Selena and A.B. had wanted the song to be included in Selena's crossover album. Thomas had given Selena the lyrics so she can memorize it for her recording session. In December 1994, Selena went back to Nashville by herself on a plane. She recorded "I Could Fall in Love" that day. Thomas later told "Biography", that "all eyes were on her". He also said that Selena had no "ego" problems and was "down to-Earth" (a person who keeps a positive attitude and always acts nice to everyone).

"I Could Fall in Love" is a contemporary R&B, soul and a power ballad. The song is about a women who loves a guy. She is scared to be rejected by him. Because of this, she decides not to tell him. It is composed in C minor with 157 beats per minute. The electronic keyboards, Spanish guitar, and the drums is the song's background music. Selena uses the soprano voice. She has a light-deep voice and uses her emotional voice when she sings the title of the song. Trey Lorenz is the backing vocalist. After Selena sings the chorus, she sings in Spanish during the down-tempo part of the song. She goes back to singing in English. At the end of the song, she uses the melisma technique and hits a high F note.

"I Could Fall in Love" was released as a promotional recording on June 26, 1995 and to radio stations on June 15. It soon became a hit single across the United States. "I Could Fall in Love" had dominated the Top 40 radio stations. It also had heavy rotation in Southern United States. "I Could Fall in Love" became the most played song in Kansas City, Miami, and Boston, while it was the second-most played song in Los Angeles. It was played on radio stations in Tucson, Arizona every 2½ hours.

In 1996, "I Could Fall in Love" won the Tejano Crossover Song of the Year at the 16th Tejano Music Awards. In 1997, Thomas won the "Among Most Played Song" award at the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers for "I Could Fall in Love". Selena's three top-five singles, including "I Could Fall in Love", made her runner-up to Shania Twain on UU-BRU Radio Playlists "Top Female Act of the Year" in 1995. The songs "Dreaming of You" and "I Could Fall in Love" were EMI Records' top selling digital downloads from April 1, 2004 to March 31, 2005.

"I Could Fall in Love" was given positive reviews from music critics. Mario Tarrradell of "The Dallas Morning News" wrote that "I Could Fall in Love" reminded him of songs recorded by TLC and Brandy Norwood. A "San Jose Mercury News" writer believed "I Could Fall in Love" and "Dreaming of You" helped Selena to become the new "Gloria Estefan". Richard Torres of "Newsday" believed "I Could Fall in Love" and "Dreaming of You" became romantic anthems. According to James Hunter of "Vibe" magazine, "I Could Fall in Love" is a "masterpiece". On March 31, 2010, Teresa Jusino of Popmatters wrote that English-speaking music fans no longer knows Selena's name. She also said that if you played "Dreaming of You" or "I Could Fall in Love", they will most likely say "I remember that song!" or "I love that one!". "I Could Fall in Love" became a popular wedding song after its release. It also became one of Selena's most famous songs. It helped her gain English language speaking fans.

The music video for "I Could Fall in Love" was released in August 1995. It features pictures and videos of Selena. The music video reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Video Monitor VH1 Top Music Videos list. It also reached number six on The BOX Video List, number 10 on the MOR Music list, and number 3 on the California Music Channel (CMC).

In 2001, Jennifer Lopez covered the song during her Lets Get Loud Tour in Puerto Rico. During the "Selena ¡VIVE!" (2005) concert, Cuban singer Gloria Estefan covered the song. Puerto Rican singer Ana recorded the song on her album "Amor Latino". "American Idol" contestants have covered the song. They include, Lisa Leuschner (season 3) and Karen Rodriguez (season 10). Korean singer Im Tae Kyung have recorded the song on his album "Sentimental Journey". Reggae singer Fiona had also recorded the song on her album "Best of Sweet Love". American R&B singer Ali-Ollie Woodson recorded the song on his album "Love At the Same Time". Filipino singer Ivy Violan recorded the song for her album "Ivy Silver Series". American singer Blake Cardenas recorded the song on his debut album "Born Ready".

American singer and actress Keke Palmer had done an acoustic version of the song on her YouTube account. Snooki, from the American reality television series "Jersey Shore", lip sync the song on her YouTube account.

"I Could Fall in Love" reached number eight on the US Hot 100 Airplay. It also reached to number two for five weeks on the Hot Latin Tracks. "I Could Fall in Love" became the highest ranking English language song on the Hot Latin Tracks for two years. The song "My Heart Will Go On" by Celine Dion surpassed it in 1998 when it peaked at number one. It reached number four on the Latin Tropical/Salsa Airplay and number five on both the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay. The song reached number one on the Latin Pop Airplay chart. "I Could Fall in Love" reached number 17 on the Adult Top 40 chart. The song peaked at number three on the Hot 100 Recurrent Airplay chart. It also peaked at number six on the Hot Adult Contemporary Recurrent chart. On the Rhythmic Top 40, it reached number six and on number 15 on the Top 40 Mainstream chart.

In New Zealand, "I Could Fall in Love" debuted at number 36 on the New Zealand Top 40 chart. On the fifth week while being on the chart, "I Could Fall in Love" reached number ten. Selena became the first and only Tejano singer to have one of her songs be played in that country. In Canada, "I Could Fall in Love" debuted at number 55 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It reached number one on November 6, 1995. The song debuted at number 94 on the Top Singles chart. On the eleventh week while being on the chart, it reached number ten. It remained there for two weeks at number ten. "I Could Fall in Love" peaked at number 37 on the Tokyo Hot 100.





Credits adapted from "Dreaming of You" album liner notes.




Willie D

William James Dennis (born November 1, 1966), known as Willie D, is an American rapper. He is best known as being a member of the rap group, Geto Boys. Willie D took up boxing at the age of 11 and in 1985, became the Golden Gloves Champion for the State of Texas. Instead of becoming a professional boxer, he became a well known MC. J Prince, the founder of Rap-A-Lot Records saw his talent and added him to the his label as well as the group which would become known as The Geto Boys.

Willie D has released 6 studio albums:

CiCi's Pizza

CiCi's Pizza is an American buffet restaurant chain based in Coppell, Texas.

I'm Getting Used to You

"I'm Getting Used To You" is a song by American singer Selena. "I'm Getting Used To You" became the third single released from "Dreaming of You" (1995). 

El Toro Relajo

"El Toro Relajo" () is a song by American singer Selena. It was the fourth single released from "Dreaming of You" (1995) in the United States. It became the second single released for Mexico. The song was originally recorded for the "Don Juan DeMarco" movie soundtrack. Selena played a mariachi singer in that movie.


Techno Cumbia

"Techno Cumbia" is a song by American singer Selena. The song was the fifth single released from "Dreaming of You" (1995). It was originally the last single from "Amor Prohibido" (1994). "Techno Cumbia" was made from Techno music and Cumbia music combined. A music video was released after Selena's murder.





Tú Sólo Tú

"Tú Sólo Tú" () is a song by American singer Selena. "Tú Sólo Tú" became the last single released from "Dreaming of You" (1995). 


Captive Heart

"Captive Heart" is a song by American singer Selena. It was released as a promotional single, however it managed to impact music charts in the United States. It also received mixed to negative reviews from music critics. The song was a electropop song.




Siempre Hace Frío

"Siempre Hace Frio" () is a song by American singer Selena. It was the lead single from "Siempre Selena" (1996). It was released after Selena's murder. A music video was released, starring Jennifer Lopez as "Selena". She later had the role as Selena in the 1997 movie about Selena's life.

Funeral home

A funeral home is a place that helps take care of people who have died. Usually people go there for funerals.

There are certain common types of services in North America. A traditional funeral service consists of a viewing (sometimes referred to as a visitation), a funeral service in a place of worship or the funeral home chapel and a graveside committal service.

Isotope electrochemistry

Isotope electrochemistry is a field within electrochemistry concerned with various topics like electrochemical separation of isotopes, electrochemical estimation of isotopic exchange equilibrium constants, electrochemical kinetic isotope effect, electrochemical isotope sensors, etc.

Chemists are actively working in this area. It overlaps with many other chemistry areas of both theoretical and practical importance like nuclear engineering, electrochemical technology, geochemistry, sensors and instrumentation.


Where Did the Feeling Go?

"Where Did The Feeling Go?" is a song by Australian soft rock duo "Air Supply". In 1989, American singer Selena did a cover version of the song. The song was not released until after her murder. The single was released on the in 1997. Selena's version peaked at number 88 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart and number 26 on the Adult Top 40 chart.


These artists had done a cover as a tribute to Selena:


Is It the Beat?

"Is It The Beat?" is a song by American singer Selena. The dance-pop song peaked at number four on the US Hot Dance Club Songs. It was also the English version of "Enamorada de Ti". Selena had recorded several versions for this song. She had performed the freestyle version at live concerts in 1989-1991. The single was not released until after Selena's murder. It was included in the movie soundtrack in 1997. It was released with dance-club remixes.

Last Dance/The Hustle/On the Radio

"Last Dance/The Hustle/On The Radio" (or the Disco Medley) is a medley by American singer Selena. The medley had sampled the songs the "Last Dance", "The Hustle" and "On The Radio" by Donna Summer. The Mexican release had "Viviras Selena" (a tribute/various artists song) which was written by Pete Astudillo.

A Boy Like That

"A Boy Like That" is a popular Broadway song. "A Boy Like That" (originally "A Boy Like That/I Have A Love") was written by Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim for the musical play, "The West Side Story" (1957). The song was performed by Chita Rivera (Anita) and Carol Lawrence (Maria). In the 1960 movie version the roles were played by Rita Moreno and Natalie Wood, but the songs were dubbed by Betty Wand and Marni Nixon (as both Anita and Maria). 

In 1995, after attending the Grammy Awards, Selena was asked to participate in the AIDS Project Los Angeles. She accepted because she had loved to do charity work and give back to her community, for which she was famous for being "down-to-Earth". Selena recorded the song as a rhythm and blues, funk song. It was released after Selena was murdered for the various artists album in 1997.


Sukiyaki (song)

"Ue o Muite Arukō" () is a song by Japanese singer Kyu Sakamoto. It was dubbed "Sukiyaki" in popular culture. The song peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts in the United States in 1963, and was the only Japanese language song to do so. The song sold over 13 million copies internationally.


Biophysical chemistry

Biophysical chemistry is the study of biological systems. It looks for explanations of the various phenomena in biological systems in terms of either the molecules that make up the system or the supra-molecular structure of these systems. 

Biophysical chemists use various tools used in physical chemistry to probe the structure of biological systems. These tools include spectroscopic methods like nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and X-ray diffraction. For example, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2009 was based on x-ray diffraction studies of ribosomes.

Biophysical chemists study protein structure and the functional structure of cell membranes. For example, enzyme action can be explained in terms of the shape of a pocket in the protein molecule that matches the shape of the substrate molecule or its modification due to binding of a metal ion. Similarly, biophysical chemists study the structure and function of the biomembranes using model supramolecular structures. These include liposomes or phospholipid vesicles of different compositions and sizes.

The oldest well-known institute for biophysical chemistry is Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen. The Biophysics Department of King's College London is where the X-ray crystallography studies of DNA was done in the early 1950s.


Bioinorganic chemistry

Bioinorganic chemistry studies the role of metals in biology. It also studies natural phenomena such as the behaviour of metalloproteins and artificially introduced metals in medicine and toxicology. Many biological processes such as respiration depend on some inorganic molecules. Bioinorganic chemistry also includes the study of inorganic models or mimics that imitate the way metalloproteins work. It is a mix of biochemistry and inorganic chemistry. Bioinorganic chemistry studies the implications for biology of electron-transfer proteins, substrate bindings and activation, atom and group chemistry as well as metal properties.

Paul Ehrlich used organoarsenic (“arsenicals”) for the treatment of syphilis. This demonstrated the relevance of metals, or at least metalloids, to medicine. Then Rosenberg discovered the anti-cancer activity of cisplatin (cis-PtCl(NH)). The first protein ever crystallized was urease. This has nickel at its active site. Vitamin B, the cure for pernicious anemia, was shown by crystallography by Dorothy Hodgkin to have a cobalt atom in a corrin macrocycle. The Watson-Crick structure for DNA demonstrated the key structural role played by phosphate-containing polymers.

Some areas of interest in research are:



Kōji

Kōji (麹 or こうじ) is a fermented food.

A mold called Aspergillus oryzae is added to rice, barley, or soy beans. This mold turns starch into sugar. Kōji is an ingredient in making many Japanese foods and drinks such as: sake, mirin, miso, vinegar, pickles, soy sauce, shōchū, and awamori.

Koji

Koji or kōji means:
In Japan, "Kōji" may mean:

Madea

Mabel "Madea" Simmons is a fictional African American character. "Madea" is played by Tyler Perry in drag clothing.

Madea was born in New Orleans, Louisiana on April 26, 1935. "Big Mabel" Murfy was the name of her mother. Frederick Simmons was the name of her father. Madea grew up with a strict mother who was also nurturing to Madea's emotions. At age 9, Madea was charged for petty theft. When Madea was 16 years of age, her parents moved to Atlanta, Georgia. There, she attended Booker T. Washington High School. She had tried out for cheerleading and became a cheerleader. By the time Madea was 17, she began going out to night clubs and house parties. Her parents allowed Madea to party at this age. Around this time, Madea became a stripper and was given the name "Delicious". At 18, Madea was charged with illegal gambling, check fraud and identity theft. Around this time, Madea had at least two or three children. She supported herself and her children by pool dancing, stripping and professional wrestling. Madea graduated her high school in May 1959. That night, she had an affair with Thoedure Leroy Brown (also known as "Mr. Brown"). Madea became pregnant and had given birth to Cora Jean Simmons Brown. However, in the movie Madea's Big Happy Family, Mr. Brown had a DNA test which confirmed that he was not the father. Madea was diagnosed with type one diabetes and depression in her early 20s. She had became a bitter women around this time.

Madea's appearance is an elderly women who is not afraid to threaten anybody with her pistol. Madea usually helps her family through life situations, struggles and helping her family cope with one another. She teaches them wisdom; which helps them in their everyday life. Madea is also a forceful women who teaches young adults to act mature. Madea has been locked up in prison several times. She has outlived several of her husbands and lives off of their life security checks. Madea uses bad language and tone to speak to her family when they are disrespectful. She also has a bad temper and bad way of dealing with anger. Madea is known to be half African American and quarter-Cherokee Indian. She likes going to the casino on Sunday, rather than going to the church. Although Madea does not read the bible, she uses it to manipulate situations in order to justify what she had done.



Royal ghost frog

The Royal ghost frog ("Heleophryne regis") is a species of frog in the Heleophrynidae family.
It is endemic to South Africa.

Its natural habitats are temperate forests, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, and rivers.
It is threatened by habitat loss.


Joey Tribbiani

Joey Tribbiani is a fictional character on American sitcom "Friends and Joey" portrayed by Matt LeBlanc. In the series, Joey is an actor, and plays "Dr. Drake Ramoray" on "Days Of Our Lives". 

He has 7 sisters but has little to no contact with them on "Friends, except for one episode.

Doburoku

It is very easy to make at home with simple kitchen tools. However, this kind of sake is not legal to make at home in Japan.





Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University

Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University is a university in Chitrakoot, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is the first university in India and the world which is only for disabled people. It was started on September 27, 2001 by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya. It is run by a trust named "Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Viklang Shikshan Sansthan". The trust is responsible for all planned works of the university. It was created by a local law of the Uttar Pradesh Government, the Uttar Pradesh State Act 32 (2001). This act assigned Jagadguru Rambhadracharya as the chancellor of this university for his entire life.

The university offers graduate, post-graduate and doctorate degrees in courses such as Sanskrit, Hindi, English, Sociology, Psychology, Fine Arts, Special education, Education, History, Culture & Archeology, Computer & Information Sciences, Vocational Education, Law, Economics, and Prosthetics and Orthotics. The university planned to give courses in Ayurveda and Medical Sciences from 2013. The permission to enter into the university is limited to only four types of disabled students – those who are blind, or have difficulty in hearing, having difficulty in walking or having some mental illness, as defined in the Disability Act (1995) of the Government of India. Various degrees were given to 354 disabled students in the second graduation ceremony of the university which was held in March 2010. In the third graduation ceremony which was held in January 2011, 388 disabled students were given degrees. All the facilities in the university such as classrooms, hostel and laboratory etc. are disabled friendly.

Pons

The pons is part of the hindbrain, the ancient rear part of the brain. It acts as a bridge, and has nerve fibres connecting the cerebellum to the medulla oblongata. In humans it is above the medulla and below the midbrain.

Mainly, its function is to carry white fibres ("wiring") which conduct signals from the cerebrum down to the cerebellum and medulla, and tracts that carry the sensory signals up into the thalamus.

Dibutyl sebacate

Dibutyl sebacate (DBS) is an organic compound. It is used as a plasticizer. It is a dibutyl ester of sebacic acid. Its main use is to produce plastics. It can make cellulose acetate butyrate, cellulose acetate propionate, ethyl cellulose, polyvinyl butyral, polyvinyl chloride, polystyrene, and other plastics. These plastics are used in the food packaging industry, in medical devices, and in pharmaceutical applications. For example, it is used as a plasticizer for film coating of tablets, beads, and granules.

It is used make synthetic rubbers (especially nitrile rubber and neoprene). It is also used as a lubricant (something that reduces friction between moving surfaces) in shaving lotions, and a flavoring additive in non-alcoholic beverages, ice cream, ices, candy, and baked goods. DBS works well with a range of plastic materials. It has good properties at low temperatures, and helps plastics from being dissolved by oil. Dibutyl sebacate is also used as a desensitizer in Otto fuel II, a torpedo monopropellant.

DBS is also called Morflex, Kodaflex, polycizer, Proviplast 1944 and PX 404.

Tombolo

A tombolo is a line of sand that connects an island to the main land or to another island. They are often shaped like a hammer as they have been created by a complex process, called longshore drift. The word 'tombolo' translates to mound. It is a shaped piece of sand that is attached to something called a spit or bar. 

Habituation

Habituation is a basic activity whereby an animal responds less to repeated stimuli. It is a primitive kind of learning.

The learning that underlies habituation is a basic process of biological systems. Animals do not need conscious motivation or awareness for it to occur. Habituation enables organisms to distinguish meaningful information from background stimuli.

Habituation occurs in all animals, as well as in the large protozoan "Stentor coeruleus". The decrease in responding is specific to the habituated stimulus. For example, if one was habituated to the taste of lemon, their responding would increase significantly when presented with the taste of lime. 

Two factors that can influence habituation include the time between each stimulus, and the length of time the stimulus is presented. Shorter intervals and longer durations increase habituation, and "vice versa".

Habituation need not be conscious. For example, a short time after a person dresses, the stimulus clothing creates disappears from our nervous systems and we become unaware of it. In this way, habituation is used to ignore any continual stimulus. This sort of habituation can occur through changes in sensory nerves themselves, and through negative feedback from the brain to peripheral sensory organs.

Nasal consonant

A nasal consonant is a type of consonant produced with a lowered velum in the mouth, allowing air to come out through the nose, while the air is not allowed to pass through the mouth because something (like the tongue or the lips) is stopping it. Examples of nasal consonants in English are and , in words such as "nose" and "mouth".

Nearly all nasal consonants are nasal stops (or nasal continuants), where air comes out through the nose but not through the mouth, as it is blocked by the lips or tongue. 

Most nasals are voiced, and, in fact, the nasal sounds and are among the most common sounds used in languages of the world. Voiceless nasals are used in a few languages, such as Burmese and Welsh. 

In terms of acoustics, nasal stops are sonorants, meaning that they do not significantly stop the flow of air (as it can come out the nose). However, nasals are also stops in their articulation because the flow of air through the mouth is blocked completely. So nasal consonants sound both like sonorants and like obstruents.

Acoustically, nasal stops have bands of energy at around 200 and 2,000 Hz.

Examples of languages containing nasal consonants:

The voiced retroflex nasal is [ɳ] is a common sound in Indic languages.

The voiced palatal nasal [ɲ] is a common sound in European languages, such as: Spanish "ñ"; or French and Italian "gn"; or Catalan, Hungarian and Luganda "ny"; or Czech and Slovak "ň"; or Polish "ń"; or Occitan and Portuguese "nh"; or Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin "nj".

English, German and Cantonese have , and . Tamil has its own different letters for the sounds , , , , and (ம,ந,ன,ண,ஞ,ங).

Catalan, Occitan, Spanish, and Italian have , , as phonemes, and and as allophones. (In several American dialects of Spanish, there is no palatal nasal but only a palatalized nasal, , as in English "canyon". In Brazilian Portuguese nh is frequently pronounced as a nasalized [ j ], that is, as a nasal glide. This vowel also exists in Guaraní.)

The term 'nasal stop' will often be abbreviated to just "nasal". However, there are also nasal fricatives, nasal flaps, nasal glides, and nasal vowels, as in French, Portuguese, Catalan (dialectal feature), Yoruba, Gbe, Polish, and Ljubljana Slovene. In the , nasal vowels are indicated by placing a tilde (~) over the vowel. : French "sang" .

A few languages use voiceless nasal consonants. Some of these are Icelandic, Burmese, Jalapa Mazatec, Kildin Sami, Welsh, and Central Alaskan Yup'ik.


Term (mathematics)

A term is a mathematical expression.

In elementary mathematics, a "term" is either a single number or variable, or the product of several numbers or variables. Terms are separated by a + or - sign in an overall expression. For example, in

3, 4"x", and 5"yzw" are three separate terms.

In the context of polynomials, "term" can mean a monomial with a coefficient. To combine like terms in a polynomial is to make it a linear combination of distinct monomials. For example,

A series is often represented as the sum of a sequence of terms. 

In general mathematical use, however, "term" is not limited to additive expressions. Individual factors in an expression representing a product are multiplicative terms. Indeed, individual elements of any mathematical expression may be referred to as "terms".

In logic, a term is a collection of symbols used to represent a mathematical object (rather than a mathematical statement). A basic term is either a constant or a variable, while more complex terms can also be built using operators (such as the term formula_1). To refer to a term, variables such as formula_2 and formula_3 are often used.

In informal logic, a term can also refer to the subject or predicate of a statement.



Francisco Hernández de Córdoba (founder of Nicaragua)

Francisco Hernández de Córdoba (1475 ? - 1526) is usually reputed as the founder of Nicaragua, and in fact he founded two important Nicaraguan cities, Granada and León. 

Francisco Hernández de Córdoba (Yucatán conquistador)

Francisco Hernández de Córdoba (died 1517) was a Spanish "conquistador", known to history mainly for the ill-fated expedition he led in 1517, in the course of which the first European accounts of the Yucatán Peninsula were compiled.



International Direct Dialing

International Direct Dialing (IDD) is an international telephone call dialed by the caller rather than going via an operator. Since late in the twentieth century, most international calls are direct dialed.

International calls are made by dialing the international call prefix for the country one is in, followed by the country calling code for the country one wishes to call, then the phone number within that country. When phone numbers are published for use abroad, they include the country calling code, but replace the international call prefix with "+" to signify that the caller should use the prefix appropriate for their country.

Direct-broadcast satellite

Direct broadcast satellite (DBS) is a term used to refer to satellite television signals intended for home use.

Rage

Rage is an emotion. It is an outward expression of great anger. In Charles Darwin's "The Expression of the Emotions" he showed that many emotions are shown the same way in many different societies. The expressions of these emotions is largely genetic, and inherited. Rage can be confused with Anger and have similar causes but Rage is more severe.

Wii U

The Wii U ( ) is a video game console that was released by Nintendo on November 18, 2012, and is the successor to the Wii. The video game machine, or console, was first shown in Nintendo's press conference at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011 on June 7, 2011, and was released for sale on November 18, 2012 in North America; November 30, 2012 in Europe and Australia; and December 8, 2012 in Japan. The system has been described as a part of the eighth generation of video game consoles.

The Wii U is Nintendo's sixth home video game console and their first to use 1080p high-definition graphics. The Wii U has a new controller with a touchscreen, which allows the player to continue playing a game by showing the game even when the television is off. Wii games work on the Wii U, and Wii U games can be played with Wii controllers and extras, such as the Wii Remote, Wii MotionPlus, Wii Balance Board, and the Classic Controller. It also has a controller shaped like the Xbox 360 controller, called the Wii U Pro Controller. Nintendo GameCube games and controllers will not work on the Wii U without the adapter used for "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U". However, it only works for that game. Like on the Wii and Nintendo 3DS, players can create Miis. The best-selling games for the system included "Mario Kart 8", "New Super Mario Bros. U", and "Nintendo Land". The Wii U received positive reviews, but did not sell well. It had to deal with the confusion that the Gamepad was a Wii accessory, but it really is an advanced controller.

The Wii U sold 13.56 million units, which makes it one of the lowest-selling Nintendo consoles.

The main controller that was used by the Wii U was the Wii U Gamepad. The controller had a screen that was wide. People can use the Gamepad in many different ways. For example, people can play games on a television like a normal controller, or play on the Gamepad without the television being on.


FG 42

The FG 42 (German: "Fallschirmjägergewehr" 42 or "paratrooper rifle 42") was a battle rifle. It was made in Nazi Germany during World War II. The weapon was made for use by Fallschirmjäger airborne infantry in 1942. It was used in small amounts until the war ended.

The FG 42 had the power of a light machine gun. It was light and was no larger than the Kar 98k bolt-action rifle. The FG 42 is thought to be one of the most advanced weapons of World War II. It helped shape the modern assault rifle idea.

At the time of the Battle of Crete (Operation Mercury), German "Fallschirmjäger" had the same weapons as the regular army. When they jumped from aircraft, they only had pistols and hand grenades. Submachine guns, rifles and other heavier weapons were dropped in crates. The design of the German parachutes meant that it was not safe to carry heavier weapons like rifles on jumps. At Crete, Commonwealth defenders killed or injured many German soldiers. This is because the German paratroopers had to go and collect their weapons from containers. These could be all over the battlefield. This showed that the weapons the regular army used were not good for air operations.

In 1941, the German Air Force ("Luftwaffe"), asked for a selective fire weapon for the paratroopers. Senior Staff Air Secretary Ossenbach at the "Luftwaffe" Weapons Development Branch (at Tarnewitz near Lübeck) was asked to develop this new weapon. The Reich Air Ministry ("Reichsluftfahrtministerium" or RLM) wanted to develop an automatic rifle which would be fired from the shoulder. It would replace the bolt-action rifle, submachine gun and light machine gun for air assault. The weapon would also make logistics simpler and give more firepower to a normal paratrooper.

The RLM tried to start a formal development program using the "Heereswaffenamt" (the HWaA, or Army Ordnance Department). The HWaA was in charge of German small arms development. However, the HWaA and the "Luftwaffe" had different priorities. Also, there were some disagreements between the "Luftwaffe" and the Army (the HWaA said no to the program because they thought it was not realistic. They tried to give their G 41(W) semi-automatic rifle instead). This meant that the "Luftwaffe" had to develop the weapon by itself. The engineers who would develop the weapon were skilled at developing light automatic weapons (they managed to change the MG 15 aircraft machine gun so that it could also be used on the ground). However, the paratroopers had many casualties during Operation Mercury. Because of this, Hitler decided that air assaults were not important, and the plans for the weapon were cancelled. However, Hermann Göring, head of the "Luftwaffe", secretly ordered the program to continue.

The RLM went straight to German companies with its plans. The first plan was the LC-6. It was given out on 14 December 1941. It said that the weapon should not be longer than , that it should not be longer than the Kar 98k rifle, fire single shots from a closed bolt, fire fully automatically from an open bolt, take its bullets from a 10 or 20-round magazine and be able to fire rifle grenades. Although the 7.9mm "Kurz" cartridge used by the "Heer" (the main army) (developed for the MP 43 assault rifle) was in service, the "Luftwaffe" decided to use the 7.92 x 57mm Mauser rifle round. This was because it had long range. This caliber was also mentioned in the plans for the design.

Six companies were asked to design prototypes. These were: Gustloff-Werke, Mauser, Johannes Großfuß Metall- und Lackierwarenfabrik, C.G. Hänel, Rheinmetall-Borsig and Heinrich Krieghoff Waffenfabrik. Several contracts were given out, but only a few prototypes are known to have been given. Mauser gave a version of the MG 81. However, it was turned down because it was too heavy and got its bullets from a belt. There was one design, made by Louis Stange at Rheinmetall-Borsig, that was accepted. It was tested at a test station at Tarnewitz in mid-1942. This prototype was called Gerät" 450 ("device 450") or Ausführung" "A" ("type A"). It was supposed to be a sheet metal design. The type "A" was never made (except for some models). However, the basic design was kept for more development.

The basic parts of the LC-6 were accepted. A group of changes to the design came afterwards. The improved version of the LC-6 was called the "Ausführung" "B". This improvement changed the hand guard so that it gave better protection against heat and a better grip when it was wet.

These tests showed many problems. They were fixed by Stange in April 1942. This other improved version was called the LC-6/II. The prototype was then given many tests. These tests were set up by the HWA. The prototype was changed even more, and finally it became the LC-6/III prototype. This became the FG 42.

50 rifles were made in early 1943. Six of these were sent away to be tested more. These weapons had some serious faults. One rifle failed after firing only 2,100 rounds. Also, a soldier was injured when he tried to fire a rifle grenade.

Several other changes were made to the FG 42 before it was allowed to be made. The first Rheinmetall design used chrome-nickel steel a lot. It was used on many parts which were needed to make the weapon work. There was not much of this material around. When the "Luftwaffe" was allowed to make 3,000 rifles for some more testing, the weapon was changed and manganese steel was used instead of chrome-nickel steel. The Heinrich Krieghoff company was asked to make some FG 42s. This was because Rheinmetall was not large enough to make lots of FG 42s. The weapon was first used by commandos during "Operation Eiche" in 1943. "Operation Eiche" was the dangerous mission that some "Fallschirmjäger" went on. During this mission, they had to rescue Benito Mussolini. The "Fallschirmjäger" team was led by Otto Skorzeny.

The weapon kept being changed. Because its first design was changed many times and the "Luftwaffe" needed different things, many different types of FG 42 were made. Papers and books written after World War II usually say that there were three main versions of FG 42. However, the Germans never said that they were different models. The "Model I", "Model II" and "Model III" were never officially mentioned. German papers just call the weapon the "FG 42". It was always the latest version of FG 42 that was mentioned.

The BD 42/I is a semi-automatic copy of the early FG 42 rifle. The BD 42/II is a semi-automatic copy of the later FG 42. Both of these were made by HZA Kulmbach GmbH.

The FG 42 was a selective fire weapon. It was cooled by the air. The FG 42 also had its magazine at the side. It was quite easy to control if it was being fired on fully automatic mode.

The FG 42 got its bullets from a box-shaped magazine. This magazine could hold 10 or 20 rounds.

The FG 42 was semi-automatic when it was being fired from a closed bolt. There was not very much movement when the weapon was being fired. This meant that firing single shots was more accurate. When the weapon was being fired in automatic mode, it was fired from an open bolt. When automatic mode was on, the bolt stayed open to keep the weapon cool.

The FG 42 was supposed to give some useful firepower to Nazi Germany. However, only a small amount were made. When it was tested, the paratroopers quite liked it. However, the FG 42 did have some issues. The FG 42 had a 20, or sometimes 10, round magazine which was put into the left side of the rifle. It was quite usual for submachine guns to have magazines on the side, but the bigger magazine with the heavier cartridges of a rifle quite unbalanced. Also, the end of the FG 42 rose into the air quite quickly when it was being fired in automatic mode. This made accurate automatic fire difficult. It also meant that automatic fire was not very useful. The U.S. M14 rifle had problems similar to these.

The American M41 Johnson LMG has many things that are similar to the FG 42. Both of these had their magazines on the left side. They also fired from an open bolt in automatic mode and closed bolt in semi-automatic mode. Although there are some things that are similar, there is no evidence that the designers of one weapon copied the design of another.

The last known weapons that were based on the FG 42 are the Sturmgewehr 52 and M60 machine gun.

After around 2,000 FG 42s were made by Krieghoff, the manganese steel that many important parts were made from were moved away to be used for other things. This meant that the weapon had to be redesigned to use stamped steel. Soldiers using the FG 42 asked for many small changes to be made to the design. These changes can be seen on later FG 42s. The FG 42 also had a simple bayonet under the barrel. It was hidden by the bipod. In the later version of the FG 42, the bayonet was shortened. Before the update, it was . Afterwards, it changed to about .


Bioorganic chemistry

Bioorganic chemistry is a science that combines organic chemistry and biochemistry. Bioorganic chemistry expands organic chemistry towards biology. This differs from biochemistry, which studies biological processes using chemistry. When investigating enzymes and cofactors, bioorganic chemistry overlaps bioinorganic chemistry.

Biophysical organic chemistry is a term used when attempting to describe intimate details of molecular recognition by bioorganic chemistry. 

Bioorganic chemistry is that branch of life science, which deals with the study of biological processes using chemical methods.

Carbocation

A carbocation is an ion with a positively-charged carbon atom. The charged carbon atom in a carbocation is a "sextet" (that is, it has only six electrons in its outer valence shell instead of eight valence electrons.) Carbon atoms with eight valence electrons have the maximum stability (octet rule). Therefore, carbocations are often reactive, seeking to fill the octet of valence electrons as well as regain a neutral charge. Logic would say that carbocation have sp hybridization with an empty sp orbital giving positive charge. However, the reactivity of a carbocation more closely resembles sp hybridization with a trigonal planar molecular geometry.

A carbocation was previously often called a "carbonium ion" but chemists question the exact meaning. In present-day chemistry, a carbocation is any positively charged carbon atom. Two special types have been suggested: carbenium ions are trivalent and carbonium ions are pentavalent or hexavalent. 

In 1891, G. Merling reported that he added bromine to tropylidene (cycloheptatriene) and then heated the product to obtain a crystalline, water soluble material, . He did not suggest a structure for it; however Doering and Knox convincingly showed that it was tropylium (cycloheptatrienylium) bromide. This ion is predicted to be aromatic by the Hückel Rule.

In 1902, Norris and Kehrman independently discovered that colorless triphenylmethanol gave deep yellow solutions in concentrated sulfuric acid. Triphenylmethyl chloride similarly formed orange complexes with aluminium and tin chlorides. In 1902, Adolf von Baeyer recognized the salt-like character of the compounds formed.

He called the relationship between color and salt formation halochromy of which malachite green is a prime example.

Carbocations are reactive intermediates in many organic reactions. This idea, first proposed by Julius Stieglitz in 1899 was further developed by Hans Meerwein in his 1922 study of the Wagner-Meerwein rearrangement. Carbocations were also found to be involved in the S1 reaction, the E1 reaction, and in rearrangement reactions such as the Whitmore 1,2 shift. The chemical establishment was reluctant to accept the notion of a carbocation and for a long time the "Journal of the American Chemical Society" refused articles that mentioned them.
The first NMR spectrum of a stable carbocation in solution was published by Doering et al. in 1958. It was the heptamethylbenzenonium ion, made by treating hexamethylbenzene with methyl chloride and aluminium chloride. The stable 7-norbornadienyl cation was prepared by Story et al. in 1960 by reacting norbornadienyl chloride with silver tetrafluoroborate in sulfur dioxide at −80 °C. The NMR spectrum established that it was non-classically bridged (the first stable non-classical ion observed).

In 1962, Olah directly observed the tert-butyl carbocation by nuclear magnetic resonance as a stable species on dissolving tert-butyl fluoride in magic acid. The NMR of the norbornyl cation was first reported by Schleyer et al. and it was shown to undergo proton-scrambling over a barrier by Saunders et al.

In organic chemistry, a carbocation is often the target of nucleophilic attack by nucleophiles like hydroxyl (OH) ions or halogen ions.

Carbocations are classified as primary, secondary, or tertiary depending on the number of carbon atoms bonded to the ionized carbon. Primary carbocations have one or zero carbons attached to the ionized carbon, secondary carbocations have two carbons attached to the ionized carbon, and tertiary carbocations have three carbons attached to the ionized carbon.

Stability of the carbocation increases with the number of alkyl groups bonded to the charge-bearing carbon. Tertiary carbocations are more stable (and form more readily) than secondary carbocations; primary carbocations are highly unstable because, while ionized higher-order carbons are stabilized by hyperconjugation, unsubstituted (primary) carbons are not. Therefore, reactions such as the S1 reaction and the E1 elimination reaction normally do not occur if a primary carbocation would be formed. An exception to this occurs when there is a carbon-carbon double bond next to the ionized carbon. Such cations as "allyl" cation CH=CH–CH and "benzyl" cation CH–CH are more stable than most other carbocations. Molecules which can form allyl or benzyl carbocations are especially reactive.

Carbocations undergo rearrangement reactions from less stable structures to equally stable or more stable ones with rate constants in excess of 10/sec. This complicates synthetic pathways to many compounds. For example, when 3-pentanol is heated with aqueous HCl, the initially formed 3-pentyl carbocation rearranges to a statistical mixture of the 3-pentyl and 2-pentyl. These cations react with chloride ion to produce about 1/3 3-chloropentane and 2/3 2-chloropentane.

Some carbocations such as the norbornyl cation exhibit more or less symmetrical three centre bonding. Cations of this sort have been referred to as non-classical ions. The energy difference between "classical" carbocations and "non-classical" isomers is often very small, and there is generally little, if any activation energy involved in the transition between "classical" and "non-classical" structures. The "non-classical" form of the 2-butyl carbocation is essentially 2-butene with a proton directly above the centre of what would be the carbon-carbon double bond. "Non-classical" carbocations were once the subject of great controversy. One of George Olah's greatest contributions to chemistry was resolving this controversy.

Cyclopropylcarbinyl cations can be studied by NMR:

In the NMR spectrum of a dimethyl derivative, two nonequivalent signals are found for the two methyl groups indicating that the molecular conformation of this cation not perpendicular (as in A) but is bisected (as in B) with the empty p-orbital and the cyclopropyl ring system in the same plane:

In terms of bent bond theory, this preference is explained by assuming favorable orbital overlap between the filled cyclopropane bent bonds and the empty p-orbital.


Www.ncertnic.in

Isodesmic reaction

An isodesmic reaction is a chemical reaction where the type of chemical bonds broken in the reactant are the same as the type of bonds formed in the reaction product. This type of reaction is often used as a hypothetical reaction in thermochemistry.

An example of an isodesmic reaction is 

Equation 1 describes the deprotonation of a methyl halide by a methyl anion. The energy change associated with this exothermic reaction can be calculated using a computer. The energy change increases going from fluorine to chlorine to bromine and iodine. This shows that the CHI anion is the most stable and least basic of all the halides. Each of these reactions are isodesmic. The energy change in each example also depends on the difference in bond energy of the C-X bond in the base and conjugate acid. In other cases, the difference may be due to steric strain (the blocking of atoms by other atoms). The steric strain is small in fluorine (which is a small diameter atom) but large in iodine (in favor of the anion). So, the energy change grows between each example halide despite the fact that C-F bonds are stronger than C-I bonds.

The related term homodesmotic reaction also takes into account orbital hybridization. Homodesmotic reactions also have the same number of carbon to hydrogen (C-H) bonds. An example of a homodesmotic reaction is:


Sawfish

The sawfish are a family of rays which have a long body, like a shark. One feature that separates a sawfish from other rays is its long, saw-like snout. On either side of this "rostrum" are little teeth like a saw. 

Sawfish have a mouth, nostrils, and gill slits under their body, just like a ray. Also, their pectoral fins are enlarged, like those of a ray. Also like rays, when they settle on the bottom, they take in water through two spiracles just behing the eyes. This gets water to the gills without sand.

Several species can grow to about .

The sawfish's most distinctive feature is the saw-like rostrum. The rostrum is covered with motion- and electro-sensitive pores. These allow sawfish to detect movement and even heartbeats of prey hiding under the ocean floor. The rostrum serves as a digging tool to unearth buried crustaceans. 

If a suitable prey swims by, the normally lethargic sawfish springs from the bottom and slashes at it with its saw. This generally stuns or injures the prey sufficiently for the sawfish to devour it. Sawfish also defend themselves with their rostrum, against predators such as sharks and intruding divers. The 'teeth' protruding from the rostrum are not real teeth, but modified tooth-like structures called "denticles".

Eagle ray

Eagle rays are cartilaginous fish in the ray family Myliobatidae. They are mostly large species living in the open ocean rather than on the sea bottom.

Eagle rays feed on molluscs and crustaceans, crushing their shells with their flattened teeth, while devil rays and manta rays filter plankton from the water. 

They are excellent swimmers and are able to breach the water up to several metres above the surface. Compared with other rays, they have long tails, and well-defined diamond-shaped bodies. They are ovoviviparous, giving birth to up to six young at a time. They range from to in length.

The tail looks like a whip and may be as long as the body. It is armed with a sting. Eagle rays live close to the coast in depths of 1 to 30 metres and in exceptional cases they are found as deep as 300 m. The eagle ray is commonly seen cruising along sandy beaches in very shallow waters.

In Nelson's "Fishes of the World", the eagle rays are a subfamily, and are joined by the manta rays and the eagle rays. As Nelson sees it, there are seven genera in the family, in three subfamilies. In our classification, the three groups are families in the suborder Myliobatoidei. 

Glasgow Prestwick Airport

Glasgow Prestwick Airport is the second airport serving Glasgow. It also serves the Greater Glasgow area. It is northeast of the town of Prestwick in South Ayrshire. It is 32 miles from the city centre of Glasgow.

Prestwick is Scotland's largest airport by size. However, Edinburgh Airport, Glasgow International and Aberdeen Airport all handle more passengers. The year with the most passengers passing through Prestwick was 2007. Since 2007, a lot less passengers pass through Prestwick. 1.3 million passengers passed through the airport in 2011. This was 22% reduction from 2010.

Douglas Fowler McIntyre and the Duke of Hamilton owned the airport at first. These people were the first to fly a plane to the top of Mount Everest in 1933. During and after World War II it was a Royal Air Force base. In 1952 it was made a United States Air Force base.

The airport was made bigger in the early 1960s: the runway was made longer and a new terminal building was made. The new, bigger airport opened in 1964. Today, Glasgow Prestwick is mostly used by Ryanair.

On 8 March 2012, Infratil, the company which owns Prestwick, said that they had placed the airport up for sale. The Chief Executive Marco Bogoievski said that he does not regret selling the airport.

The Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm uses part of the airport. It has 3 Sea King helicopters there for search and rescue. They cover Ben Nevis, the Lakes, Northern Ireland and 200 NM (370 km; 230 mi) past the Irish coast. This force is often called 'HMS Gannet'. 15 officers, 11 ratings, 28 civil servants and 50 civilian staff work at the base.

Shamarpa

Shamarpa or more formally Kunzig Shamar Rinpoche is Tibetan Buddhis teacher. Together with Karmapa he is the second lineage holder of the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism. Shamarpa is regarded as manifestation of Amitabha Buddha. He also is the second lama who consciously incarnates in subsequent order of Buddhist teachers. 
The first Shamar Rinpoche Khedrup Drakpa Senge (1284–1349) was the principal disciple of the 3rd Karmapa Rangjung Dorje.

The present (14th) Shamarpa is Mipham Chokyi Lodro, born in Derge, Tibet in 1952. At age four he was recognized by his uncle the 16th Karmapa.

Naropa

Nāropā (956–1041) was an Indian Buddhist teacher. He was the disciple of Tilopa and also brother and pupil of Niguma. Naropa was the main teacher of Marpa, the founder of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Naropa was born a high status Brahmin and from an early age showed strong, highly intelligent mind. At the age of 28 Naropa entered the famous Buddhist University at Nalanda where he studied both Sutra and Tantra. He had the reputation of a great scholar and debater. Later Naropa became studend of Tilopa and spent twelve years with him. While studying and meditating with his teacher Naropa met and overcame twelve minor and twelve major hardships. Eventually he reached full realization and become teacher of Marpa.

Iodine deficiency

Iodine deficiency is when there is not enough iodine in the body. Iodine is an essential trace element. The thyroid hormones thyroxine and triiodotyronine have iodine. In areas where marine food is not eaten, there is low iodine in the diet. This causes iodine deficiency which gives rise to
goiter (so-called endemic goiter), as well as cretinism, which results in developmental delays and other health problems.
"The Lancet" has said, "According to WHO, in 2007, nearly 2 billion individuals had insufficient iodine intake, a third being of school age. ... Thus iodine deficiency, as the single greatest preventable cause of mental retardation, is an important public-health problem." Iodine deficiency causes diseases of the oral and salivary glands.

In these areas,small amounts of iodine to table salt in form of sodium iodide, potassium iodide, and/or potassium iodate is added. This helps preventing iodine deficiency. This product is known as "iodized salt". Iodine compounds have also been added to other foods. This includes flour, water and milk in areas of deficiency. Seafood is also a well known source of iodine. Thus, iodine deficiency is more common in mountainous regions of the world where food is grown in soil poor in iodine.


John Haymes Newton

John Newton (born ) is an American actor. He is best known for his work on the television series "Superboy" and "Melrose Place".

William Griffiths (VC)

William Griffiths VC (1841–22 January 1879) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross.

Trachea

The trachea, or windpipe, is the bony tube that connects the nose and mouth to the lungs, and is an important part of the vertebrate respiratory system. In mammals, the trachea begins at the lower part of the larynx and continues to the lungs, where it branches into the right and left bronchi. Inflammation of the trachea can lead to other conditions, such as tracheitis, which is the inflammation of the linings of the trachea.

The invertebrate trachea refers to the open respiratory system of terrestrial arthropods. It consists of spiracles, tracheae, and tracheoles that take metabolic gases to and from tissues. The distribution of spiracles varies, but in general each segment of the body has only one pair of spiracles, each of which connects to an atrium and has a relatively large tracheal tube behind it.

The smallest tubes, tracheoles, penetrate cells and diffuse water, oxygen, and carbon dioxide. Gas may be moved actively or by passive diffusion. Unlike vertebrates, insects do not generally carry oxygen in their haemolymph.
This is one of the factors that may limit their size.

A tracheal tube may contain ridge-like circumferential rings of taenidia in various geometries such as loops or helices. In the head, thorax, or abdomen, tracheae may also be connected to air sacs. Many insects, such as grasshoppers and bees, which actively pump the air sacs in their abdomen, are able to control the flow of air through their body. In some aquatic insects, the tracheae exchange gas through the body wall directly, in the form of a gill, or function as normal, via a plastron. Despite being internal, the tracheae of arthropods are shed during moulting (ecdysis).

Pete Smith (baseball, born 1966)

Peter John Smith (born February 27, 1966 in Abington, Massachusetts) is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 1st round (21st overall pick) in the amateur draft of 1984. Smith was signed on June 14, 1984 to play Minor League Baseball in the Philadelphia Phillies organization. He batted and threw right-handed during his baseball career.

The Philadelphia Phillies traded Smith to the Atlanta Braves, along with Ozzie Virgil, Jr., for Steve Bedrosian and Milt Thompson. Smith made his major league debut on September 8, 1987 with the Atlanta Braves at age 21. In 1988, Smith pitched 3 shutouts, the season after his rookie year. The Atlanta Braves hoped Smith would turn into an ace pitcher as John Smoltz and Tom Glavine were becoming. But in 1989, Smith's earned run average (ERA) was at 4.75 at the end of the season, higher than his ERA in 1988 when it was at 3.69. He played the 1987-1993 seasons with the Atlanta Braves before being traded to the New York Mets for Dave Gallagher. With the New York Mets, Smith only played the 1994 season before being granted free agency on October 25 of that year. On December 1, 1994, Smith was signed as a free agent with the Cincinnati Reds. He played with the Cincinnati Reds for only half of the 1995 season before being traded to the Florida Marlins on July 1, 1995 as a free agent. On December 23, 1995, Smith signed as a free agent with the San Diego Padres playing one season with them.

On June 9, 1998, Smith was traded to the Baltimore Orioles organization for minor leaguer, Eric Estes. He played his final game on September 24, 1998. He earned a career ERA of 4.55, striking out 640 batters. Smith also pitched 4 shutouts throughout his major league career.


Pete L. Smith

Peter Luke Smith (born March 19, 1940) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1962 to 1963 for the Boston Red Sox.

Trachea (disambiguation)

The trachea is a tube in animals that connects the mouth to the lungs.

Trachea might also refer to:

Urban Dictionary

Urban Dictionary is a website which is a dictionary of slang words. The website was created in 1999 by California Polytechnic State University freshman, Aaron Peckham. The website was listed as #29 in Time's list of 50 best websites of 2008. The website has been featured on Tosh.0's "words of the week". As of January 2011, Urban Dictionary has a alexa rating of 688.


Electric ray

The electric rays are a group of rays, flattened cartilaginous fish with enlarged pectoral fins. They are the order Torpediniformes. 

They can produce an electric discharge, ranging from as little as 8 volts up to 220 volts depending on species. There are 69 species in four subfamilies.

These rays have battery-like electric organs on both sides of their heads, which can make a powerful electric shock. They use this shock to stun their prey and for their own self defense.

Electric rays are found from shallow coastal waters down to at least depth. They are sluggish and slow moving, propelling themselves along with their tails, rather than using their disc-shaped bodies, as other rays do. They feed on invertebrates and small fish. They lie in wait for prey below the sand or other substrate, using their electricity to stun and capture it.

The electric rays are regarded as monophyletic, though in detail the group has been classified in several ways. This is one way the order can be classified.

The word torpedo comes from a genus of electric rays in the sub-family Torpedininae, namely "Torpedo", which in turn comes from the Latin "torpere" (to be stiff or numb).


Krispy Kreme

Krispy Kreme is the name of an international chain of doughnut shops that was made by Vernon Rudolph in 1937. The real parent company of Krispy Kreme is Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

While selling all types of doughnuts, Krispy Kreme's signature is a glazed doughnut that is traditionally served warm.

Loblaws supermarkets and Petro-Canada gas stations in Canada have Krispy Kreme. In the United Kingdom Tesco supermarkets, Tesco Extra and Moto service stations carry Krispy Kreme products.
On May 6, 2008, the first Krispy Kreme shop in Puerto Rico opened, followed by two additional places in 2010 and one location in 2011.

In 2002, Krispy Kreme opened a restaurant-style shop in the Amarillo area in Texas.

The 18 stores that opened in Canada were reduced to four. Two of them are in Quebec while the other two stores are in Mississauga, Ontario and Delta, British Columbia. A small seasonal shop was recently opened in Wasaga Beach, Ontario. The Wasaga Beach receives its doughnuts from the Mississauga shop every morning. Another small store recently opened on November 3, 2010 in Toronto at Bathurst and Harbord Streets in the city's Harbord Village neighborhood. This store got shipments from the Mississauga store. Krispy Kreme's Canadian assets were put up for sale in 2005 seven weeks after the U.S.-based doughnut company had the firm that owns the stores in Canada placed under bankruptcy protection.

In Japan, over 27 shops of Krispy Kreme doughnuts opened around the country.

Infinite (Eminem album)

Infinite is the debut studio album by American rapper Eminem. It was released on November 12, 1996. It was produced by Jeff & Mark Bass, Denaun Porter, DJ Head, Eminem and DJ Rec. The album was given 2.5 out of 5 stars by Allmusic.

The Slim Shady LP

The Slim Shady LP is the second studio album and the major-label debut by American rapper, Eminem. It was released on February 23, 1999 and was produced by Dr. Dre, Eminem, Mark & Jeff Bass, and Mel-Man. The album got critical and commercial success. It debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 charts. The first single from the album is "My Name Is". It earned Eminem a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album and was included in "Rolling Stone Magazine"'s list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. The three songs "If I Had", "'97 Bonnie & Clyde" (originally titled "Just the Two of Us"), and "Just Don't Give a Fuck" originated from Slim Shady EP.

Notes

Gampopa

Gampopa Sonam Rinchen (1079–1153) is Tibetan Buddhist teacher - lama, holder of the Kagyu school, one of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism. 
He was the most important (or son like) student of Milarepa. 

In his young years Gampopa was a physician in Dagpo region of S. Tibet. Before studying under Milarepa, Gampopa had studied the Kadampa tradition, which belongs to gradual Mahayana path. He searched for, and eventually met Milarepa, and attained realization of ultimate reality under his guidance. 
Four of his disciples founded the four "major" Kagyu schools:

The Marshall Mathers LP

The Marshall Mathers LP is the third studio album by American rapper, Eminem. "The Marshall Mathers LP" was released on May 23, 2000 and was produced by Dr. Dre, Mel-Man, Bass Brothers, Eminem and The 45 King. "The Marshall Mathers LP 2", the sequel to "The Marshall Mathers LP", was released on November 5, 2013.

Credits adapted from the album's liner notes and Tidal

Notes
It was widely praised by music and hip-hop critics, and is considered one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time. The album was given 5 out of 5 stars by Allmusic/

Trill consonant

A trill consonant is a consonant that is made by vibrating an articulator, or hitting it many times against something else. For example, the <rr> in the Spanish word "perro" is an alveolar trill, commonly known as a rolled r, where the tongue is hit many times against the alveolar ridge, or the place just behind the teeth. This vibration is caused by a flow of air.

There are three trill consonants in the International Phonetic Alphabet. These are:


The Eminem Show

The Eminem Show is the fourth studio album by American rapper, Eminem. It was released on May 26, 2002 and was produced by Eminem, Jeff Bass, Dr. Dre, and Mr. Porter. The album was given 4 out of 5 stars by Allmusic. In 2022, the album was certified twelve-times-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over twelve million copies.

Notes

Encore (album)

Encore is the fifth studio album by American rapper Eminem. "Encore" was released on November 12, 2004 and was produced by Dr. Dre, Eminem, Luis Resto, Mike Elizondo and Mark Batson. The album was given 3 out of 5 stars by Allmusic. It was nominated for Best Rap Album, Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group for the song "Encore" and Best Rap Solo Performance for "Mockingbird" at the 48th Grammy Awards.

Relapse (album)

Relapse is the sixth studio album by American rapper, Eminem. "Relapse" was released on May 15, 2009. It was produced by Dr. Dre, Eminem, Dawaun Parker, Mark Batson, Trevor Lawrence, Doc Ish, Boi-1da. The album was given 4 out of 5 stars by Allmusic.

Demersal

Demersal animals live on or near the bottom of the sea or lakes. The term is usually applied to fish. 

They occupy the sea floors and lake beds, which usually consist of mud, sand, gravel or rocks. In coastal waters they are found on or near the continental shelf, and in deep waters they are found on or near the continental slope or along the continental rise. They are not generally found in the deepest waters, such as abyssal depths or on the abyssal plain, but they can be found around seamounts and islands. The word "demersal" comes from the Latin "demergere", which means "to sink".
Demersal fish are bottom feeders. They can be contrasted with pelagic fish which live and feed away from the bottom in the open water column. Demersal fish fillets contain little fish oil (one to four percent), whereas pelagic fish can contain up to 30 percent.

S&amp;M Airlines

S&M Airlines is the second studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "S&M Airlines" was released on September 5, 1989. The producer of the album was Brett Gurewitz. The last track on the album is a cover of the Fleetwood Mac song, "Go On Your Way".

Ribbed

Ribbed is the third studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "Ribbed" was released on March 26, 1991. The producer of the album was Brett Gurewitz. "Ribbed" was also the last album produced for the band by Brett Gurewitz.

Selena Etc.

Selena Etc. is American singer Selena's clothing store chain. She began designing and manufacturing in 1993 and opened two boutiques. The two stores were in Corpus Christi and the other in San Antonio. Both had beauty salons. "Hispanic Business" reported that the singer earned over $5,000,000 dollars from these boutiques. One was going to open in Monterrey, Mexico in 1995 but did not because of her death. In 2009, Chris Perez, widower of Selena, had to close the stores due to the recession of 2007.


Through the Years/A Traves de los Años

Through the Years/A Traves de los Años is a album by American singer Selena. The album contained an unreleased song called "Feelings". The song was recorded when Selena was only 7 years old.

The album peaked at number 28 on the Top Latin Albums Chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA.


Wet 'n Wild (brand)

Wet 'n Wild is a chain of waterparks including Wet 'n Wild Orlando and Wet 'n Wild Hawaii. Orlando's Wet 'n Wild is across the street from Universal Studios Orlando. Wet 'n Wild is owned by Universal Parks in Orlando.


Alice Paul

Alice Stokes Paul (January 11, 1885 – July 9, 1977) was an American suffragist and activist. Along with Lucy Burns and others, she led a successful campaign for women's suffrage. Her work resulted in the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution in 1920. Lucy Burns was part of the National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA) and she had been treated badly as Alice Paul was but she went to save the women rights by suffering. Lucy Burns met Alice Paul in the police station in London when both were arrested because they were protesting Parliament

Paul was the original author of a proposed Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) to the Constitution in 1923. The ERA would not get to the Senate for a vote until 1972. That year, it was approved by the Senate and submitted to the state legislatures for ratification. Approval by 38 states was required to ratify the amendment. Not enough states — only 35 — voted in favor before the deadline. However, people still work to have the states pass the ERA passed by Congress in the 1970s. Other people are working to add a new equality amendment to the US Constitution. Also, almost half of the U.S. states have adopted the ERA into their state constitutions. Alice paul was treated badly but she stood up for the women rights.


White Trash, Two Heebs and a Bean

White Trash, Two Heebs and a Bean is the fourth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "White Trash, Two Heebs and a Bean" was released on November 5, 1992. The producer of the album was Donnell Cameron, NOFX. The original album title was going to be "White Trash, Two Kikes, and a Spic" but guitar player Eric Melvin changed it after feeling guilty. It is also the first album with guitar player El Hefe.

Punk in Drublic

Punk in Drublic is the fourth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "Punk in Drublic" was released on July 19, 1994. The producers of the album were Ryan Greene and Fat Mike. It is NOFX's most successful album and peaked at #12 on "Billboard"'s Heatseekers chart.

Canton of Lucerne

Lucerne (German: "Luzern", Swiss German: "Lozärn", French: "Lucerne", Italian: "Lucerna", Romansh: "Lucerna") is a canton of Switzerland. It can be found in the centre of Switzerland. As of 31 December 2018, the canton has 409,557 people lived there. The capital is Lucerne.

The Canton of Lucerne has six districts:

The Canton of Lucerne has 82 municipalities ():


Basel-Landschaft

The Canton of Basel-Landschaft is a canton of Switzerland. The capital is Liestal.

There are five districts:

There are 86 municipalities:

Basel-Stadt

Basel-Stadt is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland. The capital is Basel. It is the smallest canton by area.

There are three municipalities:

Canton of Neuchâtel

Neuchâtel is a French-speaking canton in western Switzerland. As of 2018, 176,850 people lived there. The capital is Neuchâtel.

To the northeast it borders the canton of Bern, to the northwest France (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté). Lake Neuchâtel lies southeast of the canton, while the canton of Vaud is southwest of the canton of Neuchâtel. The canton lies in the central area of the Jura Mountains.


PlayStation Vita

The is a handheld game console made by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the replacement model to the PlayStation Portable. It was released in Japan on December 17, 2011. It was released in Europe, North America, South America and Singapore on February 22, 2012. It was released in Australia on February 23, 2012.

It competed with the Nintendo 3DS. It is part of the eighth generation of gaming.
It was discontinued on Amazon on October 12, 2017 and worldwide on March 1, 2019.

La Salle University

La Salle University is a private, co-educational, Roman Catholic university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The university has about 7,554 students. It was founded in 1863. The current president of the university is Bro. Michael McGinniss.

The athletics teams of the university are called the Explorers. They have 23 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference.


George Washington University

The George Washington University is a private, coeducational university in Washington, D.C.. The university has about 24,531 students. It was founded on February 9, 1821. The current president of the university is Steven Knapp. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Revolutionaries. They have 22 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference.


Feathered dinosaur

A feathered dinosaur is a dinosaur with feathers. It is now thought that all coelurosaurs, and perhaps all theropods, had feathers.

The possibility that dinosaurs are closely related to birds raised the possibility of feathers. Fossils of "Archaeopteryx" include well-preserved feathers, but it was not until the early 1990s that clearly non-bird dinosaur fossils were discovered with preserved feathers. About 40 genera of theropods are now known to be feathered.

Most of these fossils come from the Yixian formation in China. The fossil feathers of one specimen, "Shuvuuia deserti", have been tested positive for beta-keratin in immunological tests. This is the main protein in bird feathers.

After a century without clear evidence, well-preserved fossils of feathered dinosaurs were discovered during the 1990s, and more continue to be found. The fossils were preserved in a Lagerstätte — a sedimentary deposit exhibiting remarkable richness and completeness in its fossils — in Liaoning, China.

The area had repeatedly been smothered in volcanic ash by eruptions in Inner Mongolia 124 million years ago, during the Lower Cretaceous. The fine-grained ash preserved the living organisms that it buried in fine detail. The area was teeming with life, with millions of leaves, angiosperms (the oldest known), insects, fish, frogs, salamanders, mammals, turtles, lizards and crocodilians discovered to date.

The most important discoveries at Liaoning have been a host of feathered dinosaur fossils, with a steady stream of new finds filling in the picture of the dinosaur-bird connection and adding more to theories of the evolutionary development of feathers and flight. Quill knobs were found an ulna of "Velociraptor mongoliensis". These are associated with large, well-developed secondary feathers.

Behavioural evidence, in the form of an oviraptorosaur on its nest, showed another link with birds. Its forearms were folded, like those of a bird. Although no feathers were preserved, it is likely that these would have been present to keep eggs and juveniles warm.

The feathered tail of a non-avialan (non-bird) theropod has been found preserved in mid-Cretaceous (∼99 mya) amber from Kachin State, Myanmar (Burma). The BBC describe it as "perfectly preserved". Lida Xing found it at an amber market in Myitkina, Myanmar. The amber was already polished for jewellery: the seller thought it was plant material. However, it was the tail of a feathered dinosaur about the size of a sparrow. The feathers were not flight feathers. Dr Paul Barrett, from London's Natural History Museum, called the specimen a "beautiful fossil", describing it as a "really rare occurrence of vertebrate material in amber".

In 2011, samples of amber were discovered to contain preserved feathers from the Cretaceous period, with evidence that they were from both dinosaurs and birds. Initial analysis suggests that some of the feathers were used for insulation, and not flight.

Many non-avialan dinosaurs are now known to have been feathered. Direct evidence of feathers exists for the following genera, listed in the order of when the evidence was first published.

The evidence consists of feather impressions, or convincing skeletal or chemical evidence. Skeletal evidence would be the presence of quill knobs (the anchor points for wing feathers on the forelimb) or a pygostyle (the fused vertebrae at the tail tip which often supports large feathers).

For comparison: "Archaeopteryx" (1861; avialan) definitely had working flight feathers with off-centre rachis (stem). Otherwise, apart from the front limbs, it was a typical small carnivorous dinosaur.







Monoculture

Monoculture is growing a single crop in a large area. Farmers decide what is the best crop, and grow only that. This is very common in modern agriculture, as it simplifies the farm and allows relatively few people to harvest large amounts. Often the crop of a large area is not merely a single species, but a single variety. Monocultures have problems, however: Pests and diseases that attack only one kind of plant can spread more easily when they only find that kind. 

Each kind of plant also needs particular nutrients from the soil. Fertilizers are used to supply that nutrient. Crop rotation is used in some areas.


Rahonavis

Rahonavis is a genus of bird-like feathered dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous, 70–65 million years ago (mya) of what is now northwestern Madagascar.

It is known from a partial skeleton found in a quarry. "Rahonavis" was a small predator, at about long, with the typical "Velociraptor"-like raised sickle claw on the second toe.

"Rahonavis" has quill knobs on its ulna (forearm bone), which led at first to its inclusion among the birds. However, the rest of the skeleton is rather typically dromaeosaurid.

Makovicky and colleagues consider "Rahonavis" to be closely related to the South American dromaeosaurids "Unenlagia" and "Buitreraptor", and thus a member of the subfamily Unenlagiinae. Norell and colleagues (2006) also found "Rahonavis" to lie within the Unenlagiinae, as the sister taxon to "Unenlagia" itself. A 2007 study by Turner and colleagues again found it to be closely related to "Unenlagia". However, studies published since 2009 that have found many traditional "dromaeosaurids", including the unenlagiines, closer to Avialae than to dromaeosaurines. A cladistic analysis recovered "Rahonavis" as a probable relative of "Jeholornis" and "Jixiangornis".
"Rahonavis" was one-fifth larger than the closely related "Archaeopteryx", about the size of a modern raven.

Although numerous artists' reconstructions of "Rahonavis" show it in flight, it is not clear that it could fly. There is even been some doubt that the forearm material, which includes the quill knobs, belongs with the rest of the skeleton. Some researchers have suggested that "Rahonavis" represents a chimaera, with the forelimb of a bird mixed with the skeleton of a dromaeosaurid.

The nearby discovery of the primitive bird "Vorona berivotrensis" shows that the possibility of a mix-up cannot be entirely excluded. However, many other scientists, including the original describers of "Rahonavis", think its remains belong to a single animal. The wing bones are close to the rest of the skeleton. All the bones attributed to "Rahonavis" were buried in an area "smaller than a letter-sized page", according to co-describer Luis M. Chiappe in his 2007 book "Glorified Dinosaurs". Chiappe maintained that "Rahonavis" could probably fly, noting that its ulna was large and robust compared to "Archaeopteryx", and that this fact, coupled with the prominent quill knobs, suggest that "Rahonavis" had larger and more powerful wings than that earlier bird. In addition, "Rahonavis" shoulder bones show evidence of ligament attachments allowing the independent mobility needed for flapping flight. Chiappe concluded that "Rahonavis" was capable of flight, though it would have been more "clumsy in the air than modern birds".


Gran Turismo 2

Gran Turismo 2 is the second racing game in the "Gran Turismo" series. Game is developed by Polyphony Digital and published by Sony Computer Entertainment in 1999 for PlayStation. The game has over 500 cars and over 20 tracks.

Wii Party

Wii Party is a party video game for the Nintendo Wii games console. It was released in Japan on July 8, 2010, in North America on October 3, 2010, in Australia on October 7, 2010, and in Europe on October 8, 2010. "Wii Party" received mixed to positive reviews from critics and sold 9.35 million copies worldwide as of September 2021. A sequel, "Wii Party U", was released for the Wii U on October 25, 2013. It takes elements from the "Mario Party" series, which is another video game series that is made by Nintendo. It has over 80 mini-games, like Spin-Off, and House Party.

Board Game Island 

In the beginning, the players play a mini-game to set an order. The winner gets a normal dice plus a gold dice, the 2nd place 
gets a silver dice, the 3rd place is playing with the bronze dice and the last one does not get anything, they use a normal dice only. The gold dice has the numbers 1 – 6, the silver dice has the numbers 1 – 3, the bronze dice has the numbers 1 – 2 while the normal dice has the numbers 1 – 6. After the mini-game, the winner starts first. Then it is the turn of the second place. Place 3 plays as third one and the loser as last one. The objective of the game is to reach the mountaintop first. On the way to the goal, there are many happening spaces which makes it harder or easier to win. After each player rolled the dice(s) a mini-game appears. 

Globe Trot 

The players go on a journey around the world. But in contrast to the other game the player has to take card to move. He can go 
1,2 or 3 spaces. Each player gets 10 coins in the beginning, an Easter egg from the Mario Party series.The object is to reach special points on the globe (as example: Buy a fan in Japan or eat a Hamburger in the USA.)The visiting of a point costs 10 coins. With any visiting the player collects photos. The player who has the most at the end wins. 

Bingo

A game that makes always fun while playing. As a parody to the famous gambling Bingo. Each player chooses a card with Mii's faces on it. Then the game begins. A huge bingo machine drops balls in every round. The balls show Mii's faces. If a player has 3 faces in a row a voice calls 'Bingo!' and the player wins. So called Minigame balls make the players play a minigame. The winner can choose which face we wants to choose.

Mii of a Kind 

The players swap their Miis against Miis in the middle. The player who has two rows with 3 same Miis in it wins. It is a parody of the card game Thirty-one. 

Spin Off

Players spin a wheel and get medals. Players play many minigames to earn medals. The player who has the most amount of medals wins. The maximum amount of medals that can be in the bank is 99999.

UEFA Women's Championship

The UEFA Women's Championship is the women's version of the UEFA European Football Championship. Germany has had the most titles so far (eight titles). The first champion of the tournament was Sweden
The tournament was founded in 1984. The current champions are Germany. Three of the tournaments have been part of the European Competition for Representative Women's Teams and all the rest have been "UEFA Women's Championship".

Buddhism in Bangladesh

Buddhism is the third largest religion in Bangladesh with about 0.7% of population adhering to Theravada Buddhism. Most of the practitioners are from the south-eastern district of Chittagong and Chittagong Hill Tracts.

Soweto

Soweto is a part of Johannesburg, South Africa. The name used to stand for Southwestern townships. The vast majority of its residents are black. Soweto is known for the Soweto Uprising which occurred in 1976.

Synagogue of Besançon

The synagogue of Besançon () is a synagogue in the French city of Besançon, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. It was built in the center of the city between 1869 and 1871 by Pierre Manotte, and has a Moroccan style. 

This Jewish shrine replaced an old flad that held everyone in Besançon, about 600 persons in the 1860s. The new building just can hold about 200 persons. All rites are Sephardi.

Eurovision Song Contest 2012

The Annual Eurovision Song Contest was held in Baku, Azerbaijan in May of 2012. It was held in Azerbaijan since they won in 2011 with their singers Ell & Nikki with their song ""Running Scared"" in Düsseldorf, Germany. 
Forty-two countries announced their participation in this year's contest which less than the 2011 edition when that year, forty-three countries participated in the contest. This year's contest, saw the return of Montenegro after not being part in the Eurovision Song Contest since 2009 and the withdrawal of Armenia and Poland.

Sweden and its representative Loreen, won the contest with the song "Euphoria" with 372 points; ahead Russia, Serbia, the host of the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, Azerbaijan and Albania.

Helle Thorning-Schmidt

Helle Thorning-Schmidt (born 14 December 1966) is a Danish politician. She is the leader of the Danish Social Democrats and is the first female Prime Minister of Denmark. She left the government in 2015.

Helle Thorning-Schmidt was born in Rødovre to Holger Thorning-Schmidt and his wife Grete. Thorning-Schmidt's father was a lecturer in mathematics and national economics at the University of Copenhagen. Her parents were both politically conservative and she grew up in the Copenhagen suburb of Ishøj.

She was elected to Prime Minister of Denmark on September 15, 2011, and her government took over at October 3, 2011, from the liberal Lars Løkke Rasmussen.

She formed the government with the Social Liberal Party (Det Radikale Venstre) and the Socialist People's Party (Socialistisk Folkeparti). Together they had 77 seats, and with the support of their parliamentary basis, Unity (Enhedslisten), obtain the 89 seats. Furthermore, she has the support of the North Atlantic - two seats from Greenland and one from the Faroe Islands.

She is married to Stephen Kinnock, only son of British politician Neil Kinnock.

Samantha Stosur

Samantha Jane "Sam" Stosur (born 30 March 1984) is an Australian professional tennis player. She won the 2011 US Open singles title and was a finalist at the 2010 French Open. Stosur is ranked World No. 5 and her career high in singles is World No. 4, achieved on 21 February 2011. She is a former world No. 1 on the WTA Tour in doubles with Lisa Raymond from the United States.She is currently Australian Number 1.

Pallas

Pallas () was a Titan from Greek mythology. He was associated with war, killed by Athena in the contest to fight for Zeus. Most sources say he was the son of Crius and Eurybia, the brother of Astraeus and Perses, and the husband of Styx. He was the father of Zelus, Nike, Kratos, and Bia. In addition, he has been named as the father of Scylla, Fontes, and Lacus. Some say he was the son of Megamedes and father of Selene, and is also recorded as the father of Eos.

The city Pellene, in Achaea, was named after Pallas, as was the asteroid 2 Pallas.


Childhood obesity

Childhood obesity consists of excess body fat that adversely affects children's health and well being. Obesity for children is "especially" dangerous because many overweight children will become overweight adults. Health problems related to overweight kids include but are not limited to Type 2 diabetes in adolescence and young adulthood, heart disease, stroke and high blood pressure, diseases which until recently were not common in children and teenagers.

Fricative consonant

A fricative consonant is a consonant that is made when you squeeze air through a small hole or gap in your mouth. For example, the gaps between your teeth can make fricative consonants; when these gaps are used, the fricatives are called sibilants. Some examples of sibilants in English are , , , and . 

English has a fairly large number of fricatives, and it has both voiced and voiceless fricatives. Its voiceless fricatives are [s], , [f], and [θ], and its voiced fricatives are [z], [ʒ], [v], and [ð] 

This is a list of sibilant fricatives. 





In many languages, such as English, the glottal "fricatives," like the in English "hat", are not really fricatives because throughout the length of time it takes to produce this speech sound, the state of the gaps or holes in your mouth remains unchanged, without being joined by any manner, fricative or otherwise. They may be mistaken for real glottal constriction in a number of languages, such as Finnish.


FIFA World Rankings

The FIFA World Rankings is a ranking of men's football teams selected by FIFA. Currently, the team ranked #1 is Belgium. The rankings were first made in 1993. The first team to receive first place was Germany.

A points system is used, with points being awarded based on the results of all FIFA-recognized full international matches.

FIFA announced in June 2018 that the ranking system would be updated following the 2018 World Cup. The calculation method to be adopted will be closely modeled after the Elo rating system and rankings of its member associations will be updated on a game-by-game basis. The weighting designated for each confederation for ranking purposes was removed. However, the new method does not account for home or away games and margin of the victory, unlike the Elo rankings. This produced a more altered ranking table, with Germany falling to 15th and 2018 World Cup champions France moving to the top of the ranking.

When the system was created, Germany began as the top-ranked team following their dominant period in which they had reached the three previous FIFA World Cup finals, winning one of them. Brazil took the lead in the run up to the 1994 FIFA World Cup after winning eight and losing only one of nine qualification matches, while on the way scoring twenty goals and conceding just four. Italy then led for a short time on the back of their own equally successful World Cup qualifying campaign, after which the top place was re-claimed by Germany.

Brazil's success in their 1993 qualifying campaign returned them to the lead for a brief period. Germany led again during the 1994 World Cup, until Brazil's victory in that competition gave them a large lead that would stand up for nearly seven years, until they were surpassed by a strong France team that captured both the 1998 FIFA World Cup and the 2000 UEFA Euro.

Success at the 2002 FIFA World Cup restored Brazil to the top position, where they remained until February 2007, when Italy returned to the top for the first time since 1993 following their 2006 FIFA World Cup win in Germany. Just one month later, Argentina replaced them, reaching the top for the first time, but Italy regained its place in April. After winning the Copa América 2007 in July, Brazil returned to the top, but were replaced by Italy in September and then Argentina in October.

In July 2008, Spain took over the lead for the first time, having won UEFA Euro 2008. Brazil began a sixth stint at the top of the rankings in July 2009 after winning the 2009 Confederations Cup, and Spain regained the title in November 2009 after winning every match in qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

In April 2010, Brazil returned to the top of the table. After winning the 2010 World Cup, Spain regained the top position and held it until August 2011, when the Netherlands reached the top spot for the first time, only to drop it the following month.

In July 2014, Germany took over the lead once again, having won the 2014 FIFA World Cup. In July 2015, Argentina reached the top spot for the first time since 2008, after reaching both the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final, as well as the 2015 Copa America Final. In November 2015, Belgium became the leader in the FIFA rankings for the first time, after topping their Euro 2016 qualifying group. Belgium led the rankings until April 2016, when Argentina returned to the top. Brazil returned to the No. 1 spot in April 2017 for the first time since just prior to the 2010 World Cup, because they had already qualified for the 2018 World Cup as they were 1st in their qualification group with 4 match days still left to go. However, Germany regained the top spot in July after winning the Confederations Cup.

In the summer of 2018, FIFA updated their rating system by adopting the Elo rating system. The first ranking list with this system, in August 2018, saw France retake the top spot for the first time after nearly 16 years, having won the 2018 FIFA World Cup. One month later, for the first time, two teams were both leaders as Belgium reached the same ranking as France. This lasted only one month, and from September 2018 until now (), Belgium is leading the FIFA ranking.

The Best Mover of the Year was awarded to the team who made the best progress up the rankings over the course of the year. In the FIFA rankings, this is not simply the team that has risen the most places, but a calculation is performed in order to account for the fact that it becomes progressively harder to earn more points the higher up the rankings a team is.

The calculation used is the number of points the team has at the end of the year ("z") multiplied by the number of points it earned during the year ("y"). The team with the highest index on this calculation received the award. The table below shows the top three best movers from each year.

The award has not been an official part of the awards since 2006.

While an official award has not been made for movements since 2006, FIFA has released a list of the 'Best Movers' in the rankings since 2007.

Central limit theorem

In probability theory and statistics, the central limit theorems, abbreviated as CLT, are theorems about the limiting behaviors of aggregated probability distributions. They say that given a large number of independent random variables, their sum will follow a stable distribution. If the variance of the random variables is finite, then a Gaussian distribution will result. This is one of the reasons why this distribution is also known as "normal" distribution. 

The best known and most important of these is known as "the central limit theorem". It is about large numbers of random variables with the same distribution, each with an identical finite variance and expected value. 

More specifically, if formula_1 are "n" identical and independently distributed random variables with mean formula_2 and standard deviation formula_3, then the distribution of their sample mean, formula_4, as "n" gets large, is approximately normal with mean formula_2 and standard deviation formula_6. Furthermore, the distribution of their sum, formula_7, as "n" gets large, is also approximately normal, with mean formula_8 and standard deviation formula_9. 

There are different generalisations of this theorem. Some of these generalisations no longer require an identical distribution of all random variables. In these generalisations, another precondition makes sure that no single random variable has a bigger influence on the outcome than the others. Examples are the Lindeberg and Lyapunov conditions. 

The name of the theorem is based on a paper George Pólya written in 1920, "About the Central Limit Theorem in Probability Theory and the Moment problem".


MG 42

The MG 42 (shortened from German: "Maschinengewehr 42", or "machine gun 42") was a general-purpose machine gun. It was created in Nazi Germany. It began being used by the "Wehrmacht" in 1942. It was used with (and sometimes replaced) the MG 34 machine gun in the German Armed Forces. Both weapons were made and used until the end of the war.

The MG 42 was known for being reliable, simple and easy to use. However, it is best known for its very high rate of fire so the Germans called it "Hitlersäge", or "Hitler's saw". There were other automatic weapon designs with similar firepower. Some examples of these are the French Darne, the Hungarian-Gebauer, the Russian 7.62mm ShKAS and the British Vickers K machine gun. However, because the MG 42 got its ammunition from a belt and its barrel was easy to change, it could fire for longer periods of time than these weapons.

The MG 42 was used to create new weapons after Nazi Germany surrendered. The MG1 (MG 42/59) was nearly exactly the same as the MG 42. The MG1 became the MG1A3, which in turn became the MG 3. The Swiss MG 51, SIG MG 710-3, Austrian MG 74, and the Spanish 5.56mm Ameli light machine gun were all designed from the MG 42. The M60 and Belgian MAG also copied some features. The MG 42 was still used by many armed groups after the war.

During the 1930s, the German Army began using the MG 34. The MG 34 was thought to be the first general-purpose machine gun. The MG 34 had a barrel that could be changed quickly. It was also able to fire from big magazines or a belt. This meant that the MG 34 could fire for much longer than weapons like the Browning Automatic Rifle, Japanese Type 11, British Bren and French Châtellerault LMG. It was also much lighter than weapons like the Vickers machine gun and M1917 Browning machine gun. The MG 34 was also very changeable. It was able to fire from a belt and a drum magazine. It could also be fired from tripods or from armoured vehicles. It even became one of the main defensive guns for the "Luftwaffe" as the MG 81. It was also used as a second gun on tanks as the MG 34 Panzerlauf. However, the MG 34 did have some problems. An example of this is that the MG 34 broke down easily if it got dust on it. It was also quite expensive to make. The MG 34S was made as an improvement to the design.

So that these problems could be fixed, a contest was started to find a replacement for the MG 34. Three companies were asked to design this replacement. These were: Metall und Lackierwarenfabrik Johannes Großfuß AG, Rheinmetall-Borsig, and Stübgen. Großfuß AG's design turned out to be the best. Strangely, Großfuß did not make weapons. They mostly made metal lanterns. Ernst Grunow was one of the head design engineers with Großfuß. He did not know anything about machine guns when he was told he would be involved in the project. However, he knew a lot about the machines used to make a lot of a product (mass production). Grunow went to an army machine gunner's training course to help him understand machine guns more. He also asked some soldiers for information. He then used some ideas used by Mauser and added some features he learned about from talking to army machine gunners and things that happened early on in World War II. The new design, the MG 42, was much easier to build. It took 75 hours to make the new gun. However, the MG 34 took 150 hours. The new gun cost 250 RM. However, the MG 34 cost 327 RM. The MG 42 was also made out of stamped metal. This made it easier to make than other machine guns.

This gun ended up being called the MG 39. It was similar to the MG 34 overall. To the gunner, the only large change was that it could not fire from drum magazines anymore. This meant that the weapon had to fire from a belt or from a drum-shaped magazine that attached to the side of the gun and had a belt inside it.

The weapon was officially brought into service. The weapon began being made in 1942 as the MG 42. Großfuß, Mauser-Werke, Gustloff-Werke and some others were given contracts to make the MG 42.

The MG 42 had a very high rate of fire. It could fire about 1,500 rounds per minute. This was twice the rate of the British Vickers machine gun and American Browning. Soldiers were so terrified of the MG 42 that the United States Army made training movies to help the soldiers deal with the fear of going against the MG 42 in battle. At such a high rate, the human ear can not easily hear the sound of a single bullet being fired. This meant that the gun made a sound similar to "rrrrp". Allied soldiers nicknamed the MG 42 "Hitler's Buzzsaw".

When the MG 42 was fired for a long amount of time, it used a lot of ammunition. Because of this, a German MG 42 gunner would usually only fire the weapon in short bursts.

Because of the way the barrel was changed, the MG 42 could not be used on World War II German tanks. However, it could be used on one tank. This tank was called the Jagdpanzer IV.

During World War II, every German machine gun squad had an MG 42.

The MG 42 weighed 11.8 kg. This was lighter than the MG 34.

The MG 42 usually had a crew of six. These people were: the gun commander (the person who told the No.1 what to do with the gun), the No.1 who carried and fired the gun, the No.2 who carried the tripod, and Nos.3, 4, and 5 who carried ammunition, extra barrels and tools to dig foxholes in the ground. This big team was often cut to just three: the gunner, the loader (who loaded ammunition into the weapon and carried the barrels), and the spotter (the person who spotted targets for the gunner to shoot at). The leader of the squad and his assistant were given MP-40 submachine guns.

The MG 42 was used on nearly all German armoured vehicles. In combat, the gun's barrel could be changed in seconds.

The MG 42 was also very durable. To keep the gun working, all that was needed was some oil. The MG 42 could be dropped in mud or water and still work.

The job of many German riflemen was to support the machine gun. If the MG 42 and its crew moved, the riflemen would cover them to keep them safe. When the crew set up the MG 42, the riflemen would dig holes in the ground for the MG 42 crew to sit in. While the MG 42 was firing, the riflemen would carry ammunition to the gunners.

An MG 42 being used in a battle would usually use 3,000 rounds per day.

The MG 42 fires belt fed 7.92mm cartridges from an open bolt.

The MG 42 can only fire fully automatically. Single shots are very difficult even for people who are experienced with the MG 42. This is because of the weapon's high rate of fire.

The MG 42 barrel can be changed quickly. It has a device in the barrel to make this easier. This feature is similar to the Thompson Light Rifle.

In 1944, the Third Reich were getting short of materials. This led them to develop the MG 45 (or MG 42V). It had an even higher rate of fire and was easier to make.

The American military tried to copy the MG 42 during the war. They thought it could be a possible replacement for the Browning Automatic Rifle and the M1919A4 for foot soldiers. Saginaw Steering Gear made a prototype and called it the T24 machine gun. However, it was realised that the .30-06 cartridge that the gun would fire might be too long. There was also a design problem with the prototype. These problems meant that the project was ended.

Yugoslavia built the MG 42 at the Zavodi Crvena Zastava company as the M53 machine gun. They did this under a license. This gun still fired the 7.92 x 57mm Mauser cartridge. By doing this, the M53 was nearly an exact copy of the German MG 42. The only big difference is that the rate of fire is lower than the MG 42. Some M53s were sent to Iraq in the 1980s. They were also used a lot during both of the Gulf wars. M53 was known under nickname "Šarac".

The Beretta MG 42/59 was just the MG 42 with some small changes. This is still used by the Italian Army. The Rheinmetall MG 3 is also just the MG 42 with some changes. The MG 3 is used with the German armed forces ("Bundeswehr").

The last type of MG 42 is called the MG 74. It was developed in Austria. It has been the main machine gun of the Austrian Armed Forces since 1974.



Chocolate gravy

Chocolate gravy is a type of gravy made with fat, flour, cocoa powder and sometimes sugar. In the United States, there is a dish called biscuits and gravy, for which chocolate gravy is often used.

Waziristan

Waziristan (Pashto and ), "land of the Wazir" is a mountainous region of northwest Pakistan, bordering Afghanistan and covering about . It was part of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, which was not part of any of the country's four provinces. It is now part of the province Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

Though declared by the rebels as a "state" or "emirate", there are questions whether the region should have that name. Those who support that the region is a state point to the facts that the federal government has little to no power in the region and that the area is ruled mostly by tribal elders. The Taliban are reported to control most of the region with its own style of Sharia rule, which the Pakistan government has been unable to stop. Such bold show of autonomy has led one writer in the "Wall Street Journal" to remark that Waziristan was a "state within a state."

Chemical biology

Chemical biology is a science that combines the fields of chemistry and biology. It involves the application of chemical techniques and tools, often compounds produced through synthetic chemistry, to the study and manipulation of biological systems.

It is different from biochemistry. Biochemistry is the study of the chemistry of biological molecules. For example, a biochemist studies the three-dimensional structure of a protein and how that structure relates to the chemistry of the protein. Also, biochemistry studies the way enzymes work. Chemical biologists use chemical principles to modulate systems. They do this to either investigate biology relationships or create new functions. In this way, the research done by chemical biologists is often closer to that of cell biology than biochemistry. Biochemists work in the chemistry of biology, but chemical biologists work in chemistry applied to biology.


Solid-state chemistry

Solid-state chemistry, (also called materials chemistry) is the study of the synthesis, structure, and properties of solid phase materials. It looks at non-molecular solids. It has much in common with solid-state physics, mineralogy, crystallography, ceramics, metallurgy, thermodynamics, materials science and electronics. It focuses on the synthesis of new materials and their characterization.

Technology helps solid-state inorganic chemistry. Solid-state chemistry works to make materials used in commerce. Researchers serve industry, as well as answering academic questions. There were many important discoveries in the 20th century: zeolite and platinum-based catalysts for petroleum processing in the 1950s, high-purity silicon as a core component of microelectronic devices in the 1960s, and “high temperature” superconductivity in the 1980s. William Lawrence Bragg invented X-ray crystallography in the early 1900s, which brought further discoveries.

Carl Wagner worked on oxidation rate theory, counter diffusion of ions, and defect chemistry. This work demonstrated how reactions proceed at the atomic level in the solid state. Because of this, he has sometimes been referred to as the "father of solid-state chemistry".

A diverse variety of synthetic methods are used to make solid-state compounds. For organic materials, such as charge transfer salts, the methods operate near room temperature and are often similar to the methods of organic synthesis. Redox reactions are sometimes conducted by electrocrystallisation. For example, Bechgaard salts can be made from tetrathiafulvalene.

For materials that can withstand heat, chemists often use high temperature methods. For example, chemists use tube furnaces to prepare bulk solids. This allows reactions to be conducted up to around . For higher temperatures up to , chemists use special equipment such as ovens made with a tantalum tube through which an electric current is passed. Such high temperatures are at times required to induce diffusion of the reactants. But this depends strongly on the system studied. Some solid state reactions proceed at temperatures as low as .

Chemists often melt the reactants together and then later anneal the solidified melt. If volatile reactants are involved, the reactants are often put in an ampoule and then all air is removed. Often, the chemists keep the reactant mixture cold (for example, by keeping the bottom of the ampoule in liquid nitrogen) and then seal the ampoule. The sealed ampoule is then put in an oven and given a specified heat treatment.

Solvents can be used to prepare solids by precipitation or by evaporation. At times the solvent is used under pressure at temperatures higher than the normal boiling point (hydrothermally). Flux methods add a salt of relatively low melting point to the mixture to act as a high temperature solvent in which the desired reaction can take place.

Many solids react readily with reactive gases such as chlorine, iodine, oxygen or others. Others solids form adducts with other gases, (for example CO or ethylene). Such reactions are often carried out in a tube with open ends on both sides and through which the gas flows. A variation of this is to let the reaction take place inside a measuring device such as a thermogravimetric analysis. In that case stoichiometric information can be obtained during the reaction. That information helps identify the products. (By accurately measuring the amount of each reactant, chemists can guess the ratio of the atoms in the final products.)

A special case of a gas reaction is a chemical transport reaction. These are often carried out by adding a small amount of a transport agent (for example, iodine) to a sealed ampoule. The ampoule is then placed in a zone oven. This method can be used to obtain the product in the form of single crystals suitable for structure determination by X-ray diffraction.

Chemical vapor deposition is also a widely used high temperature method for the preparation of coatings and semiconductors from molecular precursors.

Many solids attract water (hygroscopic) and/or sensitive to oxygen. For example, many halides absorb water and can only be studied in their anhydrous form if they are handled in a glove box filled with dry (and/or oxygen-free) gas, usually nitrogen.

Because a new synthetic method produces a mixture of products, it is important to be able to identify and characterize specific solid-state materials. Chemists try changing the stoichiometry to find which stoichiometries will lead to new solid compounds or to solid solutions between known ones. A prime method to characterize the reaction products is powder diffraction, because many solid state reactions will produce polycristalline ingots or powders. Powder diffraction will help the identification of known phases in the mixture. If a pattern is found that is not known in the diffraction data libraries an attempt can be made to index the pattern, that is to identify the symmetry and the size of the unit cell. (If the product is not crystalline the characterization is much more difficult.)

Once the unit cell of a new phase is known, the next step is to establish the ratio of the elements (stoichiometry) of the phase. This can be done in a number of ways. Sometimes the composition of the original mixture will give a clue, if one finds only one product (a single powder pattern) or if one was trying to make a phase of a certain composition by analogy to known materials. But this is rare.

Often chemists work hard to improve the synthetic methodology to get a pure sample of the new material. If chemists can separate the product from the rest of the reaction mixture, they can use elemental analysis on the isolated product. Other ways involve Scanning electron microscopy and the generation of characteristic X-rays in the electron beam. The easiest way is to solve the structure by using single crystal X-ray diffraction.

Improving the preparation procedures requires chemists to study which phases are stable at what composition and what stoichiometry. In other words, the chemists draw the phase diagram of the substance. Important tools in finding the phase diagram data are thermal analysis such as DSC or DTA and increasingly also, thanks to the advent of synchrotrons temperature-dependent power diffraction. Increased knowledge of the phase relations often leads to further refinement in synthetic procedures which repeats the cycle. New phases are thus characterized by their melting points and their stoichiometric domains. Identifying stichiometric domains is important for the many solids that are non-stoichiometric compounds. The cell parameters obtained from XRD are particularly helpful to characterize the homogeneity ranges of non-stoichiometric compounds.

In many cases new solid compounds are further characterized by a variety of techniques from solid-state physics.

For non-metallic materials, chemists try to get ultra-violet/visible spectra. In the case of semiconductors that will give an idea of the band gap.

Four-point (or five-point) probe methods are often applied either to ingots, crystals or pressed pellets to measure resistivity and the size of the Hall effect. This gives information on whether the compound is an insulator, semiconductor, semimetal or metal and upon the type of doping and the mobility in the delocalized bands (if present). So, important information is obtained on the chemical bonding in the material.

Magnetic susceptibility can be measured as a function of temperature to establish whether the material is a para-, ferro- or antiferro- magnet. This tells the bonding in the material. This is particularly important for transition metal compounds. In the case of magnetic order, neutron diffraction can be used to find the magnetic structure.


Abdominal obesity

Abdominal obesity, also called central body obesity, is a condition involving excess fat surrounding the abdomen and an increase in waist size in humans. Obesity in this area is linked to Type 2 Diabetes, insulin resistance and heart disease in humans of both genders.

Alveolar consonant

An alveolar consonant is a consonant with the tongue close to the , which is the part just behind our teeth. Alveolar consonants that are pronounced with the tip of the tongue, like in English, are called while those pronounced using the blade of the tongue which is the flat part of the tongue behind the tip, are called . Alveolar consonants in English are , , , , and . The alveolar consonants , the , and , the , are the most common sounds in human languages. 

The alveolar/coronal consonants identified by the IPA are:

List of programming languages

This is a list of programming languages.




















John George Kemeny

John George Kemeny (31 May 1926 - 26 December 1992) developed BASIC with Thomas Eugene Kurtz at Dartmouth College, in 1964.

List of bus models

The following is a list of buses. It is not complete. The different types of bus, used in this chart, are:
There are over 300 buses in this list.
The year that is displayed refers to the first year of the model.

Year refers to the first year introduced. A range of years is the period the bus was manufactured.


Odontochelys

Odontochelys is the oldest known turtle to have been discovered. It was first described from three 220 million year-old specimens excavated in Upper Triassic rocks in Guizhou, China.

As a primitive turtle, "Odontochelys" differed from modern turtles in several ways. Modern turtles possess a horny beak without any teeth in their mouth. In contrast, "Odontochelys" fossils had teeth in their upper and lower jaws. 

One of the most striking features of turtles, both modern and prehistoric alike, are their dorsal shells, forming an armored carapace over the body of the animal. "Odontochelys" only had the bottom portion of a turtle's armor, the plastron. It did not yet have a solid carapace as most other turtles do. Instead of a solid carapace, "Odontochelys" had broadened ribs like those of modern turtle embryos that still have not started developing the ossified plates of a carapace.

In a comparison of skull proportions, the skull of "Odontochelys" is far more elongated in front of the eyes compared to other turtles. The tail of the prehistoric turtle was longer in proportion to its body than other turtles. In addition, the transverse processes found in the tail are not fused such as in later turtles. 

Taken together, these anatomical differences mean that "Odontochelys" has some of the most primitive features ever seen in a turtle and is somewhat of a transitional fossil. Some scientists, however, are skeptical of this idea. Reisz and Head suggest that "Odontochelys" does not represent a turtle with a partly evolved shell, but that it is a descendant of an older, land–living turtle, and that the shell became reversed. Such shells can be seen on modern turtles, like the leatherback turtles (the genus "Dermochelys").

It is likely that "Odontochelys" was aquatic, as the fossil specimens were found in marine deposits full of conodonts and ammonites. The primitive turtle swam in shallow marine waters close to shore.

The species' name, "Odontochelys semitestacea" literally means "toothed turtle with a half-shell" - an apt description of its most striking physical characteristics.

Band gap

A band gap, also called a bandgap or energy gap, is an energy range in a solid where no electron states can exist. The term is used in solid-state physics and chemistry.

Band gaps can be found in insulators and semiconductors. In graphs of the electronic band structure of solids, the band gap is the energy difference (in electron volts) between the top of the valence band and the bottom of the conduction band. This is the same as the energy needed to free an outer shell electron from its orbit about the nucleus to become a mobile charge carrier. The free electron is able to move freely within the solid material. So the band gap is a major factor determining the electrical conductivity of a solid. Substances with large band gaps are generally insulators, those with smaller band gaps are semiconductors. Conductors either have very small band gaps or no band gap if the energy levels of valence and conduction bands overlap.

Scientists use the band gap to predict if a solid will conduct electricity. Most electrons (called valence electrons) are attracted to the nucleus of just one atom. But if an electron has enough energy to fly away from its nearest nucleus, it can join in the flow of electric current across the many atoms that make up the solid. The electrons that are not tightly attached to just one nucleus are called the conduction band.

In semiconductors and insulators, quantum mechanics shows that electrons are only found in some bands of energy. Electrons are forbidden from other energy levels. The term "band gap" refers to the energy difference between the top of the valence band and the bottom of the conduction band. Electrons are able to jump from one band to another. An electron needs a certain amount of energy to jump from a valence band to a conduction band. The amount of energy needed differs with different materials. Electrons can gain enough energy to jump to the conduction band by absorbing either a phonon (heat) or a photon (light).

A semiconductor is a material with a small but nonzero band gap which behaves as an insulator at absolute zero temperature (0 K) but allows heat to excite electrons enough to jump into its conduction band at temperatures which are below its melting point. In contrast, a material with a large band gap is an insulator. In conductors, the valence and conduction bands may overlap, so they may not have a band gap.

The conductivity of intrinsic semiconductors is strongly dependent on the band gap. The only available carriers for conduction are the electrons which have enough thermal energy to be excited across the band gap.

Band gap engineering is the process of controlling or altering the band gap of a material by controlling the composition of certain semiconductor alloys, such as GaAlAs, InGaAs, and InAlAs. It is also possible to construct layered materials with alternating compositions by techniques like molecular beam epitaxy. These methods are used in the design of heterojunction bipolar transistors (HBTs), laser diodes and solar cells.

It is hard to draw a line between semiconductors and insulators. One way is to think of semiconductors as a type of insulator with a narrow band gap. Insulators with a larger band gap, usually greater than 3 eV, are not put into the semiconductor group and generally do not exhibit semiconductive behavior under practical conditions. Electron mobility also plays a role in determining a material's informal grouping as a semiconductor.

The band gap energy of semiconductors tends to decrease with increasing temperature. When temperature increases, the amplitude of atomic vibrations increase, leading to larger interatomic spacing. The interaction between the lattice phonons and the free electrons and holes will also affect the band gap a little. The relationship between band gap energy and temperature can be described by Varshni's empirical expression,

In a regular semiconductor crystal, the band gap is fixed owing to continuous energy states. In a quantum dot crystal, the band gap is size dependent and can be altered to produce a range of energies between the valence band and conduction band. It is also known as quantum confinement effect.

Band gaps also depend on pressure. Band gaps can be either direct or indirect, depending on the electronic band structure.

Classically, the ratio of probabilities that two states with an energy difference "ΔE" will be occupied by an electron is given by the Boltzmann factor:

where:

At the Fermi level (or chemical potential), the probability of a state being occupied is ½. If the Fermi level is in the middle of a band gap of 1 eV, this probability is "e" or about 2.0⋅10 at the room-temperature thermal energy of 25.9 meV.

Electrons can be excited by light as well as by heat. The band gap determines what portion of the solar spectrum a photovoltaic cell absorbs. A luminescent solar converter uses a luminescent medium to downconvert photons with energies above the band gap to photon energies closer to the band gap of the semiconductor comprising the solar cell.

In photonics band gaps or stop bands are ranges of photon frequencies where, if tunneling effects are neglected, no photons can be transmitted through a material. A material exhibiting this behaviour is called a "photonic crystal".

Similar physics applies to phonons in a phononic crystal.


Deal or No Deal (UK game show)

Deal or No Deal is the British version of the game show franchise of the same name. It is presented by Noel Edmonds, and produced by Endemol. It began showing in 2005. Players can win £250,000 (US$388,800). The odds of winning it is only 4 in 1715 (1 in 429, or 2 in 858). This is because a player might take a offer from the banker.

The show is on Channel 4 at 4p.m. on weekdays. It runs for 60 minutes, including adverts.

Before the game starts, different amounts of money are packed randomly into 22 suitcases. A player is selected, and the case that they have is randomly selected.

In front of the player is a game board with all the possible amounts that could be in his/her box. The player then opens 5 boxes. Five possible amounts that could be in the player's box are gone. Based on the amounts left (that could be in the players box), the "banker" may make an offer to buy the box from the player. The offer depends on the possible amounts that could be in the player's box according to what is left on the board. So if there are high amounts that are on the board (that could be in the person's box), the banker will pay more to buy the box. He might offer £10,000 instead of £3,500 or £1500. The player may take the offer by saying "deal" of refuse it by saying "no deal".

The player then opens 3 more boxes, and the banker will make another offer. If after 6 offers, the player says "no deal", they win whatever is in their box. If they says "deal" at an offer, the player takes home the offer. The game ends, but they play on to see what would have happened otherwise.
Channel 4 axed the series in 2016. It ended with a special "Deal or No Deal on Tour" series from 12 to 23 December 2016.

Moves Like Jagger

"Moves Like Jagger" is a dance pop single released by American pop rock band Maroon 5 on June 22, 2011 internationally and digitally. The single features pop singer-songwriter Christina Aguilera and was produced by Shellback, Benny Blanco, and Ari Levine. The song was later put on the Maroon 5 album "Hands All Over" in July 2011 for the re-release. The song peaked at number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 singles' chart for four weeks and number-one on the Billboard Digital Songs chart for three weeks. The song did not feature on the fourth studio album "Overexposed."

The song's lyrics refer to a male protagonist's ability to impress a female with his dance moves, which he compares to those of The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger. The song received a positive critical appreciation, many of them complimented the vocal chemistry between Levine and Aguilera and labeled it "an irresistible summer hit".

The music video for "Moves Like Jagger" was directed by Jonas Åkerlund and filmed in Los Angeles, California on July 8, 2011. On July 9, Aguilera posted an image of herself from the video shoot via Twitter, saying, "Always great to see Jonas Akerlund. He created the perfect feel for the song. Expect a fun video." The image showed Aguilera performing with a band in front of a background of the American flag. Four shirtless images of Levine from the shoot were also released online the same day. More images from the video shoot were released online on July 11, showing Levine and Aguilera performing in front of an American and British-themed backdrop with confetti falling from the ceiling. Another image showed Aguilera performing in front of a black backdrop with her name "Christina" shown in pink. Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger made an appearance in the video "via archive footage." The music video premiered on August 8 on E!



David Walliams

David Edward Williams (born 20 August 1971), known professionally as David Walliams, is a British actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his partnership with Matt Lucas on the BBC sketch comedy series "Little Britain" (2003–2006) and "Come Fly With Me" (2010–2011).

Born on 20 August 1971 in Wimbledon, London to Peter, a London Transport engineer, and Kathleen Williams, a lab technician, Williams was brought up in Banstead, Surrey. His parents appeared on "The Friday Night Project" when he was the guest star on the show.

He was educated at Collingwood Boys' School in Wallington (now Collingwood School) and the independent Reigate Grammar School (where he was a contemporary of Robert Shearman).

He was a member of the National Youth Theatre, where he met Matt Lucas. Williams studied drama at the University of Bristol from 1989 to 1992, one year below Simon Pegg.

Williams changed his name to Walliams () when he joined the actors' trade union, Equity, as there was already a member named David Williams. This was spoofed in a mock interview on "Rock Profile", when Robbie Williams was continuously referred to as 'Robbie Walliams'.

Walliams was also a judge for BGT(Britain's Got Talent). In September 2011, he swam the entire 140 mile length of the River Thames, raising over £1,000,000 for a charity called Sport Relief.

Walliams has bipolar disorder. He was married to Lara Stone from 2010 until their divorce in 2015. The couple's son, Alfred, was born on 6 May 2013.






Luton

Luton is a large town in Bedfordshire, England. It is about north of London. It is on the M1 motorway and has mainline trains from King's Cross and St Pancras stations. It is an industrial town which has diversified from its original base as a manufacturer of hats and cars. It is also famous for its airport which serves flights across Europe. Its fine communications means it has many people who commute to work in London. It has a population of 213,052 (mid-2019 estimate).

Luton was started in about the 6th century by the Saxons, based by the River Lea. It has a history of industry: making hats and Vauxhall cars for example.

Luton is a unitary authority, which means it is governed locally by its own council, Luton Borough Council. It is represented by two members of parliament.

Its football club is in the English football league and play at Kenilworth Road. Their nickname is 'The Hatters'. They are called this because of Luton's history of making straw hats.

Luton town has a large immigrant population, which consists mainly of people of Pakistani and Bengali origin.


Superbase

In chemistry, a superbase is an extremely strong base. It is a compound that has a high affinity for protons.

Hydroxide ion is the strongest base possible in water (aqueous) solutions, but superbases are much stronger than aqueous bases. Such bases are useful in organic synthesis and are fundamental to physical organic chemistry. 

Superbases have been described and used since the 1850s. Reactions involving superbases often require special techniques since they are destroyed by water, carbon dioxide, and oxygen in the air. Inert atmosphere techniques and low temperatures minimize these side reactions.

IUPAC defines superbases simply as a "compound having a very high basicity, such as lithium diisopropylamide". 


Argyria

Argyria or argyrosis is a disease caused by being exposed to too much silver. People with this condition may have a change in skin color to blue or "greyish". A study has said that having argyria makes it harder to see without light.

Windows Task Manager

Windows Task Manager is a task manager application. It is part of the Microsoft Windows NT family of operating systems. Windows Task Manager gives detailed information about computer performance and applications that are currently running. It also gives information about processes and CPU usage, commit charge and memory information, network activity and statistics, logged-in users, and system services. The application can be used to set process priorities, processor affinity, forcibly terminating (ending) processes. In Windows XP only, the application can be used to shut down, restart, hibernate or log off from Windows.


Chemical species

A chemical species is one of a group of atoms, molecules, molecular fragments, ions, etc., made to go through to a chemical process or to a measurement. Generally, a chemical species can be defined as an ensemble of chemically identical molecular entities that can explore the same set of molecular energy levels on a defined time scale. Chemists also use chemical species to mean a set of chemically identical atomic or molecular structural units in a solid array.

For example, when molecules of NaCl dissolve in water we don't really have any NaCl as such in the solution. We have Na and Cl ions because NaCl dissociates. We say the species present in solution are Na(aq) and Cl(aq). In this case, the species present in solution are the ions. In other cases, where the molecules don't dissolve in water, we would have molecular species in solution rather than ionic species.

In supramolecular chemistry, chemical species are those supramolecular structures whose interactions and associations are brought about by forming or breaking intermolecular bonds. Studying these actions is the main topic of supramolecular chemistry. 

Task manager

A task manager is a computer program that is used to show information about the processes and programs running on a computer. Task managers also show the general status of the computer. They can be used to terminate (end) processes and programs, as well as change the processes priority. An example of a task manager is Windows Task Manager.

Blind spot (vision)

A blind spot is a part of the visual field our brains get no information from. It is the place in the visual field that corresponds to the lack of light-detecting photoreceptor cells where the optic nerve passes through the optic disc of the retina. Since there are no cells to detect light on the optic disc, a part of the field of vision is not perceived. The brain fills in with surrounding detail with information from the other eye, so the blind spot is not normally perceived.

Although all vertebrates have this blind spot, cephalopod eyes, which are superficially similar, do not. In them, the optic nerve approaches the receptors from behind, so it does not create a break in the retina.

The first documented observation of the phenomenon was in the 1660s by Edme Mariotte in France. At the time it was generally thought that the point at which the optic nerve entered the eye should actually be the most sensitive portion of the retina; however, Mariotte's discovery disproved this theory.

As to why the blind spot is normally not seen, there are two theories. One, less favoured, is that it is simply ignored by the brain. The other is that they are 'filled in' by the brain with information from surrounding areas. Perception theorists have generally favoured this second hypothesis. The filling-in works with quite complex and unusual visual patterns, suggesting an active brain process works to mimic patterns surrounding the blind spot.

These natural blind spots are present only in the eyes of vertebrates. Cephalopods have their optic nerves attached to the back of the retina, so they are not a problem. The vertebrate eye is illogical because light must go through and past the nerve fibres before getting to the retina.

This comes about because vertebrate eyes are outgrowths from the brain; they grow outward from the embryological tissue which forms the brain.

Lo Barnechea

Lo Barnechea is a commune and city of Santiago Province. According to the Chilean census in 2002, Lo Barnechea has an area of and 74,749 people live there..


Incubus (1966 movie)

Incubus is an American horror movie. It is black and white. It was released in 1966 and a restored copy of the movie was released in 2001. Leslie Stevens directed the movie and William Shatner starred in it. The actors in the movie did not speak in English. They spoke in Esperanto. The movie was called "Inkubo" in Esperanto. "Incubus" was lost for many years, but an old copy was found in France. The movie was filmed in 18 days in California during 1965. "Incubus" did not become popular and was only distributed in France. Some people believe the movie is cursed because of all of the bad things that happened to the actors and crew. Several of them died by murder or suicide, or had other bad things happen to them, after making the movie.




Supramolecular chemistry

Supramolecular chemistry is area of chemistry that studies the relationship and linking molecules into bigger systems. It focuses on the chemical systems made up of a discrete number of assembled molecular subunits or components. The study of non-covalent interactions is crucial to understanding many biological processes from cell structure to vision that rely on these forces for structure and function. Biological systems are often the inspiration for supramolecular research.



Chondroitin sulfate

Chondroitin sulfate is a sulfated glycosaminoglycan (GAG). It is a chain of alternating sugars (N-acetylgalactosamine and glucuronic acid). It is usually found attached to proteins as part of a proteoglycan. A chondroitin chain can have over 100 individual sugars, each of which can be sulfated in variable positions and quantities. Chondroitin sulfate is an important structural component of cartilage and provides much of its resistance to compression. Along with glucosamine, chondroitin sulfate has become a widely used dietary supplement for treatment of osteoarthritis. It is commonly extracted from shark cartilage.

Chondroitin sulfate was originally isolated well before chemists learned its structure. So, its name changed over time. Early researchers identified different types of the substance with letters.

"Chondroitin sulfate B" is an old name for dermatan sulfate, and it is no longer classified as a form of chondroitin sulfate.

"Chondroitin", without the "sulfate", has been used to describe a type with little or no sulfation. However, this distinction is not used by all.

The name "chondroitin sulfate" sounds like a salt with a sulfate counter-anion. This is not the case. The sulfate is attached to the sugar with a covalent bond. Since the molecule has multiple negative charges at physiological pH, a cation is present in salts of chondroitin sulfate. Commercial preparations of chondroitin sulfate typically are the sodium salt. Barnhill et al. have suggested that all such preparations of chondroitin sulfate be referred to as "sodium chondroitin" regardless of their sulfation status.

Chondroitin sulfate chains are unbranched polysaccharides of variable length containing two alternating monosaccharides: D-glucuronic acid (GlcA) and N-acetyl-D-galactosamine (GalNAc). Some GlcA residues are epimerized into L-iduronic acid (IdoA); the resulting disaccharide is then referred to as dermatan sulfate.

Chondroitin sulfate chains are linked to hydroxyl groups on serine residues of certain proteins. Exactly how proteins are selected for attachment of glycosaminoglycans is not understood. Glycosylated serines are often followed by a glycine and have neighboring acidic residues. But this does not always predict glycosylation.

Attachment of the GAG chain begins with four monosaccharides in a fixed pattern: Xyl - Gal - Gal - GlcA. Each sugar is attached by a specific enzyme, allowing for multiple levels of control over GAG synthesis. Xylose begins to be attached to proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum, while the rest of the sugars are attached in the Golgi apparatus.

Each monosaccharide may be left unsulfated, sulfated once, or sulfated twice. In the most common case, the hydroxyls of the 4 and 6 positions of the N-acetyl-galactosamine are sulfated, with some chains having the 2 position of glucuronic acid. Sulfation is mediated by specific sulfotransferases. Sulfation in these different positions gives specific biological activities to chondroitin GAG chains.

Chondroitin's functions depend largely on the properties of the overall proteoglycan of which it is a part. These functions can be broadly divided into structural and regulatory roles. Some proteoglycans have both structural and regulatory roles (see versican).

Chondroitin sulfate is a major component of extracellular matrix, and is important in maintaining the structural integrity of tissue. This function is typical of the large aggregating proteoglycans: aggrecan, versican, brevican, and neurocan, collectively termed the lecticans.

As part of aggrecan, chondroitin sulfate is a major component of cartilage. The tightly packed and highly charged sulfate groups of chondroitin sulfate generate electrostatic repulsion that provides much of the resistance of cartilage to compression. Loss of chondroitin sulfate from the cartilage is a major cause of osteoarthritis.

Chondroitin sulfate readily interacts with proteins in the extracellular matrix due to its negative charges. These interactions are important for regulating many cellular activities. The lecticans are a major part of the brain extracellular matrix, where the chondroitin sugar chains function to stabilize normal brain synapses as part of perineuronal nets. The levels of chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans are vastly increased after injury to the central nervous system where they act to prevent regeneration of damaged nerve endings. Although these functions are not as well characterized as those of heparan sulfate, new roles continue to be discovered for the chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans.

In cortical development, chondroitin sulfate is expressed by the Sub Plate and acts as a stop signal for neurons migrating from the Ventricular Zone. Neurons stopping here may then be programmed for further migration to specific layers in the cortical plate.

Chondroitin is in dietary supplements used as an alternative medicine to treat osteoarthritis and also approved and regulated as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for this disease (SYSADOA) in Europe and some other countries. It is commonly sold together with glucosamine. Chondroitin and glucosamine are also used in veterinary medicine.


Red Bull X2010

Red Bull X2010 is a fictional car in the PlayStation 3 video game "Gran Turismo 5" that can go over 400 km/h, and over 6G's. It laps the Nürburgring in less than 4 minutes. Adrian Newey designed it.

Ireland (disambiguation)

Ireland may refer to:


Banbasa

Banbasa is the smallest town in Champawat district in Uttarakhand, India. The famous shri Purnagiri temple is only 35 km from here. It is near the Nepal border (Gaddachoki-Banbasa).

Velar consonant

A velar consonant is a consonant that is pronounced with the back part of the tongue against the soft palate, also known as the velum, which is the back part of the roof of the mouth. Velar consonants in English are , and .

These are the velar consonants in the IPA.

George Church

George Church (born August 28, 1954) is an American molecular geneticist. He was one of the people who set out to analyse the human genetic code, the sequence of genes in human DNA.

Church is Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School, Professor of Health Sciences and Technology at Harvard and MIT, and a core faculty member at the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University.

With Walter Gilbert he developed the first direct genomic sequencing method in 1984, and helped start the Human Genome Project while he was a research scientist at newly formed Biogen Inc.

He invented ways of analysing huge amounts of chemical data, homologous recombination methods, and DNA array synthesizers. Automated sequencing & software in Genome Therapeutics Corp. gave the first commercial genome sequence, (the human pathogen, "Helicobacter pylori") in 1994.

Church started the Personal Genome Project (PGP) in 2005, and in 2007 he founded the U.S. personal genomics company Knome (with Jorge Conde and Sundar Subramaniam).

Church does research on synthetic (artificial) biology and is director of the U.S. Department of Energy Center on Bioenergy at Harvard & MIT, and Director of the National Institutes of Health Center of Excellence in Genomic Science at Harvard.

He has been advisor to 22 companies. He co-founded Codon Devices, a biotech startup dedicated to synthetic biology. It produces DNA sequences to order. He co-founded LS9, which is focused on biofuels or renewable petroleum technologies.

In 2009 he founded Pathogenica, with Yemi Adesokan, in order to pioneer commercial applications for pathogen sequencing technology.

In September 2010, Dr. Church was honored for his work in genetics with the Mass High Tech All-Star Award. He is a senior editor for "Molecular Systems Biology".

According to Forbes, Church suffers from narcolepsy.


Revolutions per minute

Revolutions per minute, sometimes called RPM, is a measure of angular frequency. It means the number of times something spins in one minute.

For example, if a wheel spins one time in one second, it is doing 60 RPM, because there is 60 seconds in one minute.

Walter Gilbert

Walter Gilbert (born March 21, 1932) is an American physicist, biochemist, molecular biology pioneer, and Nobel laureate. He helped develop DNA sequence analysis.

Gilbert was born in Boston, Massachusetts, on March 21, 1932. Gilbert attended Harvard University for undergraduate and graduate studies, earning a first degree in chemistry and physics in 1953 and a master's degree in physics in 1954. 

Gilbert's doctoral work was done at the University of Cambridge, where he earned his PhD in mathematics under the mentorship of Nobel laureate Abdus Salam in 1957.

Gilbert returned to Harvard in 1957 and promoted in 1968 to professor of biochemistry. In 1969, Gilbert was given Harvard's Ledlie Prize. In 1972, Gilbert was named American Cancer Society Professor of Molecular Biology.

He is a co-founder of the biotech start-up companies Biogen and Myriad Genetics. Gilbert is currently the chairman of the Harvard Society of Fellows.

Together with Allan Maxam, Gilbert developed a new DNA sequencing method in 1976. With George Church he developed the first direct genomic sequencing method in 1984. 

Gilbert first proposed the existence of introns and exons and explained the evolution of introns in a seminal 1978 "News and Views" paper published in "Nature". In 1986, Gilbert used the phrase RNA world hypothesis for the origin of life. 'RNA World' was a concept first proposed by Carl Woese in 1967.

Gilbert was given the 1980 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, shared with Frederick Sanger and Paul Berg. Gilbert and Sanger were recognized for their pioneering work in devising methods for determining the sequence of nucleotides in a nucleic acid.

Among many other awards, Gilbert was made a Foreign Member of the Royal Society in 1987.


Optic chiasma

The optic chiasma, or 'optic chiasm', is the part of the brain where the optic nerves (CN II) partially cross. The optic chiasm is located at the bottom of the brain immediately below the hypothalamus.

The images on the nasal (inner) sides of each retina cross over to the opposite side of the brain via the optic nerve at the optic chiasm. The temporal (outer) images, on the other hand, stay on the same side. This allows the images from either side of the visual field to go to the appropriate side of the brain, combining the sides together.

Beyond the optic chiasm, with crossed and uncrossed fibers, optic nerves become optic tracts.

The crossing over of optic nerve fibres at the optic chiasma allows the visual cortex to receive the same hemispheric visual field from both eyes.

The optic chiasma is found in all vertebrates.

Chimaera (fish)

Chimaeras are cartilaginous fish in the order Chimaeriformes. They are sometimes known informally as 'ghost sharks'.

They may be the "oldest and most enigmatic groups of fishes alive today". Their closest living relatives are sharks, though in evolutionary terms they branched off from sharks nearly 400 million years ago and have remained isolated ever since.

At one time they were a diverse and abundant group, as shown by the fossil record. They are now found mainly to deep water. There are fifty living species in six genera and three families. Studying the evolution of these species has been problematic because there are few good fossils. DNA sequences have become the preferred approach to understanding speciation.

The order appeared about 420 million years ago during the Silurian. The three living families seem to have diverged during the late Jurassic to early Cretaceous (170–120 million years ago.

They do not have shark-like skin or teeth. They have smooth scales on their bodies, and three pairs of grinding tooth plates. They have a poisonous spine on their backs between the head and the dorsal fin.

Otherwise, they are rather like other Chondrichthyes. They have skeletons are made of cartilage. They use claspers for internal fertilization of females. They lay eggs with leathery cases. They use electroreception to find their prey, which is also common in rays.

Mainframe computer

Mainframes (also called "big iron") are powerful computers used for large information processing jobs. They are mainly used by government institutions and large companies for tasks such as census, industry and consumer statistics, enterprise resource planning, and financial transaction processing. Mainframe computers are specially used as servers on the World Wide Web (WWW). They are distinct from supercomputers.

The term originally referred to the large cabinets that housed the central processing unit and main memory of early computers. Later the term was used to distinguish very big computers from less powerful ones ("minicomputers" or "personal computers").

Heavy Petting Zoo

Heavy Petting Zoo is the sixth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "Heavy Petting Zoo" was released on January 31, 1996. The producers of the album were Ryan Greene and NOFX. The title of the album is a combination of the words "heavy petting" and "petting zoo".

So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes

So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes is the seventh studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes" was released on November 11, 1997. The producers of the album were Ryan Greene and Fat Mike. The title of the album comes from the title of the fourth book of Douglas Adams's "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" series, "So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish" and the common practice of punk rock fans when they throw shoes lost by crowd surfers on stage.

Pump Up the Valuum

Pump Up the Valuum is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "Pump Up the Valuum" was released on June 13, 2000. The producers of the album were Ryan Greene and Fat Mike. The title of the album is purposely spelled wrong to avoid a lawsuit with Valium and is a play on words.

Youth

Youth is the opposite of elderly. When something is new, it can be called young. Sometimes "young" is only for living things, and things that are not alive are "new". The word youth is often used to describe young people from the beginning of the teen years to the beginning of adulthood.
Old can refer to someone or something's age.
Young can mean that something is current to date or well before its "best by" date.

Different things lose their youth or grow old at different rates. For example, some machines are only be considered young for roughly one year. There are laws about the age of majority when young teenagers are legally treated as adults. Even after that age, these youth may still be seen as immature. This is because complete mental and emotional development is not done until around age 25, and because many young people have not yet had adult life experiences.

For some people, youth is an obsession. They want to look young. Because of this, they use various products like face cream and plastic surgery, to stop or slow their looking older. The ""Fountain of Youth"" was a popular myth, and people thought that if you took water from the fountain, you would never be old. Now however, we know that this "was" a myth, and it was not magical at all.

Simplified molecular input line entry specification

The simplified molecular input line entry specification or SMILES is a line notation for the chemical structure of molecules. It uses short series ASCII characters to represent structures. Most molecule editor computer programs can draw a two-dimensional diagram or a three-dimensional model of a molecule based on its SMILES code.

Arthur Weininger and David Weininger wrote the original SMILES specification in the late 1980s. It has since been modified and extended by others, including by Daylight Chemical Information Systems Inc. In 2007, the Blue Obelisk open-source chemistry community developed an open standard called "OpenSMILES".

In July 2006, the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry introduced the InChI as a standard line notation for representing chemical structures. People think that it is easier for humans to understand SMILES than InChI. Some chemists argue that SMILES is better than InChI because many different software programs support it. SMILES also has theoretical (for example, graph theory) backing.

SMILES can be converted back to 2-dimensional representations using Structure Diagram Generation algorithms. This conversion can sometimes be ambiguous. Because SMILES just says which atoms are connected without any information about the angles between chemical bonds, computer programs use energy minimization to convert SMILES to 3-dimensional representations. There are many downloadable and web-based conversion utilities.
Here are some examples of the SMILES for molecules:



Insulin resistance

Insulin resistance is a serious condition in which insulin becomes less able to lower the level of glucose (sugar) in the blood. Usually, insulin helps sugar move out of the blood and into the body's cells. In the cells, the body can use sugar to make energy. If this does not happen correctly, too much sugar stays in the blood. This is called hyperglycemia. If the blood glucose level is above normal for a long time, this can lead to major health problems. 

Insulin resistance often causes certain types of diabetes mellitus, especially type 2 diabetes or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults. A condition called 'metabolic syndrome' is strongly tied to insulin resistance.




Cheminformatics

Cheminformatics (also known as chemoinformatics and chemical informatics) is the study of large amounts of chemical information. It is done mostly with the help of computers. These tools are used by pharmaceutical companies to discovery new drugs.

Cheminformatics uses computer science and information technology to help solve chemistry problems. Cheminformatics deals with algorithms, databases and information systems, web technologies, artificial intelligence and soft computing, information and computation theory, software engineering, data mining, image processing, modeling and simulation, signal processing, discrete mathematics, control and system theory, circuit theory, and statistics, for generating new knowledge of chemistry.

The term chemoinformatics was defined by F.K. Brown in 1998:

Cheminformatics combines the scientific working fields of chemistry and computer science.
Cheminformatics can also be applied to data analysis for the paper, pulp and dye industries.

The primary application of cheminformatics is in the storage of information relating to compounds. The efficient search of such stored information includes topics that are dealt with in computer science as data mining and machine learning.

Computers represent chemical structures in specialized formats such as the XML-based Chemical Markup Language or SMILES. While some formats are suited for visual representations in 2 or 3 dimensions, others are more suited for studying physical interactions, modeling and docking studies.

Chemical data can pertain to real or virtual molecules. Virtual compounds may be used to explore chemical space and predict new 
compounds with desired properties.

Virtual libraries of classes of compounds (drugs, natural products, diversity-oriented synthetic products) were recently generated using the FOG (fragment optimized growth) algorithm.
Instead of testing the actual chemicals, virtual screening involves screening compounds by computer, to identify members likely to possess desired properties such as biological activity against a given target.

This is to predict the activity of compounds from their structures. These studies link cheminofrmatics to chemometrics. Chemical expert systems are also relevant. They represent parts of chemical knowledge in computers.


The War on Errorism

The War on Errorism is the ninth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "The War on Errorism" was released on May 6, 2003. The producers of the album were Ryan Greene and Fat Mike. The album pokes fun at former U.S. president George W. Bush and criticizes him and his policies.

Wolves in Wolves' Clothing

Wolves in Wolves' Clothing is the tenth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "Wolves in Wolves' Clothing" was released on April 18, 2006. The producers of the album were Bill Stevenson, Jason Livermore and Fat Mike. The first 1062 vinyl copies of "Wolves in Wolves' Clothing" were pressed yellow/green vinyl.

Coaster (album)

Coaster is the tenth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX. "Coaster" was released on April 28, 2009. The producer of the album was Bill Stevenson. The album was released as "Frisbee" on vinyl.

2Pacalypse Now

2Pacalypse Now is the first studio album by American rapper, Tupac Shakur. "2Pacalypse Now" was released on November 12, 1991. Many other rap artist have seen the album as a source of inspiration. The song "I Don't Give a Fuck" was featured in the 2004 video game, "".

Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z.

Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z. is the second studio album by American rapper, Tupac Shakur. "Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z." was released on February 16, 1993. The album is 2Pac's tenth biggest selling album with 1,366,000 units moved to date.

Alexander Oparin

Alexander Ivanovich Oparin (Uglich, Russia, – Moscow, 21 April 1980) was a Soviet biochemist.

He was notable for his ideas on the origin of life, and for writing an early book "The Origin of Life". One of his ideas was that oxygen would tend to destroy organic molecules essential for the evolution of early life. It was later found that the earth's atmosphere at first had almost no oxygen in it.

He also studied the biochemistry of plants, and enzyme reactions in plant cells. He developed the foundations for industrial biochemistry in the USSR.

These were some of the main ideas in his first book:

1. There is no fundamental difference between a living organism and lifeless matter. Life must have arisen as a natural evolution of matter.

2. Methane is in the atmospheres of Jupiter and the other giant planets. Oparin thought the infant Earth had a strongly reducing atmosphere, containing methane, ammonia, hydrogen, and water vapor. In his opinion, these were the raw materials for the evolution of life.

3. At first there were the simple solutions of organic substances. Their behaviour was governed by their atoms and by the arrangement of those atoms in molecules. Gradually, as the result of the growth and increased complexity of the molecules, structures with new properties developed. These newer properties were determined by the spatial and mutual arrangement of the molecules.

4. In this process biological orderliness already exists. Competition, speed of cell growth, survival of the fittest, struggle for existence and, finally natural selection produced the characteristics of living things. 
Oparin outlined a way in which basic organic chemicals might form into microscopic localized systems. These would be precursors of the cell from which primitive living things could develop. He cited work done with organic chemicals which, in solution, form droplets and layers. Oparin suggested that different types might have formed in the Earth's primordial ocean. They were subject to a selection process leading eventually to life.



Sy Oliver

Melvin James "Sy" Oliver (born December 17, 1910 in Battle Creek, Michigan; died May 28, 1988 in New York City) was a jazz arranger, trumpeter, composer, singer, and band leader. His mother was a piano teacher and his father was a multi-instrumentalist who made a name for himself demonstrating saxophones at a time that instrument was little used outside of marching bands.

Oliver left home at 17 to play with Zack Whyte and his Chocolate Beau Brummels and later with Alphonse Trent. He sang and played trumpet with these bands, becoming known for his "growling" horn playing.

Sy arranged and conducted many songs for Ella Fitzgerald from her years with Decca Records. As a composer, one of his most famous songs was "T'ain't What You Do (It's the Way That You Do It)" which he co-wrote with Trummy Young.

He joined Jimmie Lunceford's band in 1933 and contributed many hit arrangements to the band, including "My Blue Heaven" and "Ain't She Sweet". In 1939, he became one of the first African Americans with a prominent role in a white band when he joined Tommy Dorsey as an arranger, though he stopped playing trumpet at that time. (Fletcher Henderson joined the Benny Goodman orchestra as the arranger in the same year.) He led the transition of the Dorsey band from Dixieland to modern big band. His joining was instrumental in Buddy Rich's decision to join Dorsey. His arrangement of "On the Sunny Side of the Street" was a big hit for Dorsey, as were his own compositions "Yes Indeed" (a gospel-jazz tune that was later recorded by Ray Charles), "Opus One," "The Minor is Muggin'," "T.D.'s Boogie Woogie," and "Well, Git It."

After leaving Dorsey, Oliver continued working as a free-lance arranger. One of his more successful such efforts was the Frank Sinatra album "I Remember Tommy", a combined tribute to each man's former boss---and as music director for Decca Records.

In later years, up until 1980, he led his own jazz band, for which he took up the trumpet again.

Aristolochiaceae

The Aristolochiaceae, or Birthwort family, are a family of flowering plants with seven genera and about 400 species belonging to the order Piperales. The type genus is "Aristolochia" L.

They are mostly perennial, herbaceous plants, shrubs, woody vines or even lianas.

The membranous, cordate simple leaves are spread out, growing alternately along the stem on leaf stalks. The margins are commonly entire. There are no stipules.

The bizarre flowers are large to medium-sized, growing in the leaf axils. They are bilaterally or radially symmetrical.

The Aristolochiaceae are magnoliids, a basal group of angiosperms which are not part of the large categories of monocots or eudicots.

Some newer classification schemes place the family Aristolochiaceae in the order Piperales.

Many members of "Aristolochia" and some of "Asarum" contain the toxin aristolochic acid, which defence against predators, in this case herbivores. It is known to be carcinogenic in rats. "Aristolochia" itself is carcinogenic to humans.

Pipevine swallowtail butterflies lay their eggs on pipevine ("Aristolochia" species), and the larvae dine on the plant but are not affected by the toxin, which then offers the adult butterfly protection against predators.

Not Myself Tonight

"Not Myself Tonight" is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera, from her 2010 album "Bionic". The song was written by Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones, Ester Dean, Jason Perry and Greg Curtis. It is a uptempo electropop song that using synthesizers and tribal drums. Its lyrics refer to adopting a different persona on the dancefloor. It was released on April 13, 2010 as the first single from Aguilera's "Bionic" album. "Not Myself Tonight" was a hit single in Asian area.

Whistler

Whistler may mean:


Context (language)

Context in language is what surrounds a word or piece of text. In order to understand what words mean, we have to know something about the situation where they are used. In print, a word, phrase or sentence has other text around it. This helps the reader to understand the piece in question. In speech, the social setting as well as the language help the listener to understand what is said.

Something like: "You can take it whenever you need to" might refer to almost anything. However, if it is said by a doctor to a patient, then the context is clear, and the listener can guess it refers to some kind of medication. So the context is what goes with a text (written or spoken) which helps the reader (or listener) understand the communication.

However, to understand what is really going on, we may need to go beyond what is said or written. A simple phrase, such as "I hate you" can mean exactly the opposite. All kinds of clues are needed to understand what has been said. Along with verbal communication comes non-verbal communication.

2011 Sindh floods

The 2011 Sindh floods occurred in August and September 2011 because of a lot of rain in Sindh, Eastern Balochistan, and Southern Punjab, Pakistan. The floods caused a lot of damage. 270 people were killed, and 5.3 million people were affected. 1.2 million homes were flooded. At least 1.7 million acres of land were ruined by the flooding. It was the worst flooding in Pakistan since the 2010 floods.

In July, Pakistan had low monsoon rains, however in August and September the country received "above normal" monsoon rains. A strong weather pattern entered the areas of Sindh from the Indian states of Rajasthan and Gujarat in August and gained strength with the passage of time and caused heavy downpours. The four-week long continuous rains have created floods in Sindh that have never been seen before.

Being (album)

Being is a mini-album by singer Ella Koon. The album was made by well known music producers Eric Kwok (Chinese) and Yanagiman (Japanese). 

Popular hits include: "Coral Island" (珊瑚島), "Incomplete Thoughts" (殘念), and "Silent Paper Kite" (響不了的紙鳶).



Take a Shine To...

Take a Shine To... is an album by Ella Koon, released in July 2011. It was released a year after her well-received 2010 mini-album "Being". Hit songs include Ella’s first self-composed song “Reluctant to Part (依依)”, which is produced by hitmaker Chiu Tsang Hei with lyrics penned by Siu Hak. The album also contains RICOH camera CM song “A Moment of Interaction (一刻感應)” and the latest plug “Let Him Go (由他去)”.


Jungle green

Jungle green is a color that is a rich tone of medium green.

The specific tone of the color "jungle green" called "jungle green" by Crayola was formulated by Crayola in 1990.

The first recorded use of "jungle green" as a color name in English was in 1926. 




Rohypnol

Rohypnol is the common name for a drug or Benzodiazepine called flunitrazepam. A slang term for it is roofies. The drug is sold illegally, and it has many medical uses. It is a strong hypnotic (a drug that causes sleep); a sedative (causing relaxation and sleepiness); an anticonvulsant (fighting seizures); an anxiolytic (relieving anxiety); amnestic (causing forgetfulness); and skeletal muscle relaxant. Most often, it is used as a treatment for sleep disorders like insomnia. It is thought to be one of the most effective hypnotic medications.

Like other hypnotics, flunitrazepam should be used only on a short-term basis or in those with serious insomnia on an occasional basis.

Flunitrazepam is often called a date rape drug because it is very powerful, has strong effects, and can cause strong amnesia (causing a person to forget what happened after taking the drug). 

Benzodiazepines were created in 1957 by Roche, a healthcare and pharmaceutical company. Roche started selling flunitrazepam (Rohypnol) in 1975. At first, hospitals used the drug when a patient needed a deep sleep. It was sold commercially in 1975 in Europe, and in the 1990s in the United States. The drug was given the brand name Rohypnol.

Rohypnol is usually taken by mouth. It has a long active period its effects can last 18 to 26 hours, and it can be found in urine and blood tests. This means that the day after taking the drug, a person may keep feeling tired and having trouble with thinking and balance. Even after a full day, driving a car may still be dangerous. 

The drug is often involved in drug intoxication, including overdoses. Overdose of flunitrazepam may cause long-term sedation, poor balance, and poor speech. In serious overdoses, people may have breathing problems, coma, and possibly death. The overdose will be worse if flunitrazepam is taken with depressants, like alcohol or opiates. Flunitrazepam overdose can be treated.

Some of the street names for Rohypnol are:

Sponge cake

Sponge cake is a cake made of flour (usually wheat flour), sugar, and eggs.

The Victoria sponge cake was named after Queen Victoria, who ate a slice of sponge cake with her afternoon tea. It is usually called simply "sponge cake". A traditional Victoria sponge cake has raspberry jam and whipped double cream or vanilla cream. If there is only jam, it is called 'jam sponge' and not a Victoria sponge. The jam and cream are between two sponge cakes; the top of the cake is not iced or decorated.

Other names for the Victoria sponge are Victoria Sandwich and Victorian Cake, although 'Victorian Cake' is not used often.

Bakers must be careful when it comes to cooking times and temperatures. Because of that, oven factories often use a Victoria sponge recipe to test their ovens.


Metabolic syndrome

Metabolic syndrome is a combination of several medical issues. They increase the risk for heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes. 25% of people of the United States have metabolic syndrome. 

The term "metabolic syndrome" dates back to at least the late 1950s, but came into common usage in the late 1970s to describe various associations of risk factors with diabetes mellitus that had been noted as early as the 1920s.

Related health matters include but aren't limited to:

Me Against the World

Me Against the World is the third studio album by American rapper, Tupac Shakur. "Me Against the World" was released on March 14, 1995. The album was released when 2Pac was imprisoned and it debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200. By having this happen, it made him the first artist to have an album debut at number one on Billboard 200 while serving time in prison. It was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 1996 Grammy Awards. The album's first single "Dear Mama" was nominated for Best Rap Solo Performance.

Palatal consonant

A palatal consonant is a consonant that is pronounced with the body (the middle part) of the tongue against the hard palate (which is the middle part of the roof of the mouth). There is only one palatal consonant in English which is , which is the sound for "y" in the English word "yes". The most common palatal consonant used in the world is .

These are the palatal consonants in the International Phonetic Alphabet:

Approximant consonant

An approximant consonant is a consonant that sounds in some ways like a vowel. For example, lateral approximants like the sound for "l" in the English word "like", the sound for "r" in the English word "right", and semivowels like the sound for "y" in "yes" and the sound for "w" in "wet" are all approximants. These sounds are pronounced by bringing two parts of the mouth, for example the tongue and the roof of the mouth, close to each other. However, it is not close enough to cause the air to be blocked, like in a fricative consonant. Also, the parts are not far apart enough to become a vowel.

Semivowels are a type of approximant consonant, which sound like vowels if you pronounced them alone. However, many languages use them as consonants. Here are the common semivowels in the International Phonetic Alphabet. 


In lateral approximants, only the centre of the tongue touches the roof of the mouth. So, air can only flow through the sides of the tongue, like the sound "l" in "like".



All Eyez on Me

All Eyez on Me is the fourth studio album by American rapper, Tupac Shakur. "All Eyez on Me" was released on February 13, 1996. The album was certified 10× Diamond in 2014. The album also featured the Billboard Hot 100 number one singles "How Do U Want It" and "California Love".

Windows 8

Windows 8 is a no longer supported version of the Windows computer operating system, which was published by Microsoft. Windows 8 was released everywhere on October 26, 2012. The president of the Windows Division, Steven Sinofsky, said: "With this system we shall make the biggest change from Windows 95". Microsoft removed the "Start" button and designed a new tile-based user interface to replace the "Start" menu (which first appeared in Windows 95). Microsoft unsupported Windows 8 from January 12, 2016, and users will upgrade Windows 8.1 after it was discontinued on January 10, 2023.

Several versions of Windows 8 were made available to software developers well before the final release. The first of these, the Developer Preview, came out in September 2011. On February 29, 2012, Microsoft released a beta version of Windows 8.0 known as the Consumer Preview. Anyone could register online to download this version for free. After the Consumer Preview, a final preview named "Release Preview" was released on May 31, 2012. 

On October 26, 2012, Windows 8 became available to the general public. Windows 8 received negative reviews. Microsoft also released a version called Windows RT, which was adapted for devices using ARM processors. Windows RT could not run most Windows applications. On the same day, Microsoft also put new devices running Windows 8, including its newly-created Surface tablets up for sale in stores and online.

An update for Windows 8 was released on October 17, 2013, and it is called Windows 8.1. Windows 8.1 returns the normal "Start" button to the taskbar. During development, Windows 8.1 was known as "Blue".

Windows 10 was made to replace Windows 8 and 8.1, and it came out on July 29, 2015. Users who owned Windows 7 with Service Pack 1 installed, or Windows 8.1, were able to upgrade to Windows 10 for free until July 29, 2016.

As of August 2023, Windows 8 (i.e. 8.0) was used by 0.35% of PCs; with Windows 8.1, at 1% of PCs.

One new feature in Windows 8 was the Windows Store. The Windows Store lets users buy new computer programs, or download them for free.

Windows 8 added a new graphic user interface called "Modern" (also called Metro). Modern is meant to be suitable for smartphones, tablets, notebooks, and desktop computers. This interface shows “tiles”, which work as links and also as interactive widgets (tools you can look at, like RSS feeds, weather, e-mails). The Modern interface is best used with a touchscreen, but can be controlled by a mouse or keyboard. Windows 8 still offers the classic desktop interface through the "Desktop" tile.

Microsoft reworked the booting process, replacing the classic BIOS with a new system called UEFI. This provides Secure Boot, a feature that only lets the computer start by using software its manufacturer has allowed.

Windows To Go allows users to run the complete Windows system from a USB drive.

Although Windows 8 is faster than Windows 7, it demands more pixels on the screen. The minimum is 1366 x 768 pixels, which affects many laptops that have a maximum resolution of 1024 x 600 pixels. Some users with older hardware have continued to use Windows 7 for this reason. Windows 8 will work on resolutions lower than this, but some of its features will be unavailable.

File Explorer, formerly called Windows Explorer, has a new ribbon bar interface. It can stop and restart a file transfer, and makes it easier to save files that have the same name. 

Windows 8 lets users log in using face detection, voice control, or hand gestures using a camera.

Two months after Windows 8 was released, there were rumors that Microsoft was making a major update to be code-named "Blue". In May 2013, Microsoft announced that "Windows Blue" was going to be called "Windows 8.1". On June 26, 2013, Microsoft released build 9431 as the Windows 8.1 Preview, which could be downloaded.

On August 14, 2013, Microsoft announced that Windows 8.1 would be released digitally on October 17, and released in stores and in new computers on October 18. It included greater customization, and new Modern apps, such as a calculator, sound recorder, and file manager.

In April 2014, Microsoft released an update for Windows 8.1 with improvements for keyboard and mouse users. This update pins the Windows Store to the taskbar by default. Each Modern app has a bar at the top and can be closed the same way desktop apps are closed.


Windows To Go

Windows To Go is a feature in Windows 8 and later that allows the entire system to run from a USB flash drive or external USB Hard Drive.

In September 2011 Microsoft officially announced Windows To Go at the Build Conference, and gave out bootable USB Flash drives. These could hold 32GB of information. They also had Windows To Go pre-installed.



Dardistan

Dardistan (Perso-Arabic: داردستان) is a name for the northern Pakistan, and Kashmir in the upper Indus valleys and parts of north-eastern Afghanistan. It is inhabited by the Dards speaking Dardic languages.

Lahore Stock Exchange

Lahore Stock Exchange (Guarantee) Limited (LSE) is Pakistan's second-largest stock exchange after the Karachi Stock Exchange. It is in Lahore.

M25 motorway

The M25 motorway, or London Orbital, is a orbital motorway around Greater London.

The motorway was first suggested early in the 20th century, and a few sections were built in the early 1970s. The M25 was completed in 1986: is one of the world's longest orbital roads.

It is one of the busiest and most congested parts of the British motorway network. 196,000 vehicles were recorded in a single day near London Heathrow Airport. The M25 is a crucial link between the four main London airports: Heathrow, Gatwick, Stansted and Luton.

Bearing in mind that no motorways go through the centre of London, the M25 is a main route connecting north with south, and east with the west of England.

The motorway was originally built with only six lanes (three each way), despite research which suggested eight lanes were necessary. Now a fourth lane exists over most of the motorway, and more in special sections (see diagram). Plans were scaled back in 2009 in response to rising costs, but work is still going on.

Public enquiries continued through the 1970s and 1980s. Each section had its own enquiry, where local citizens and interest groups could question the plans. In all, "39 public inquiries before independent Inspectors were held, taking over 700 sitting days – with many more working days (and nights) preparing evidence". Objectors could put forward alternatives, and each of these had to be answered with presentation of evidence. Evidence included predictions of traffic and events which would affect growth of traffic. Enquiries and evidence were open to public scrutiny and debate.

Some enquiries lasted a day, and one one lasted 97 sitting days over 13 months. Proposals had to go before Parliament, and a special Act was needed to authorise the crossing of the northern tip of Epping Forest by the route in tunnel.

As predicted by research, soon after the motorway opened in 1986 traffic levels exceeded maximum designed capacity. In 1990 the Secretary of State for Transport announced plans to widen the whole of the M25 to four lanes. By 1993 the motorway that was designed for a maximum of 88,000 vehicles per day was carrying 200,000. 15% of UK motorway traffic volume was on the M25 and there were plans to add 6 lanes to the section from Junction 12 to 15 as well widening the rest of the motorway to 4 lanes.

In 1995 a contract was awarded to widen the section between junctions 8 and 10 from six to eight lanes for a cost of £93.4 million and a 'Motorway Incident Detection and Automatic Signalling' (MIDAS) system was introduced to the M25 from junction 10 to junction 15 at a cost of £13.5m in 1995 and then extended to junction 16 at a cost of £11.7m in 2002. This consists of a distributed network of traffic and weather sensors, speed cameras and variable-speed signs that control traffic speeds with little human supervision. The system has improved traffic flow slightly, and reduced the amount of start-stop driving. The use of variable speed limits makes this a "controlled motorway", and if hard shoulders are used at peak times it becomes a "managed motorway".

In 1995 there was a proposal to widen the section close to Heathrow Airport to 14 lanes. This attracted fierce opposition from road protesters opposing the Newbury Bypass and other schemes, and it was cancelled shortly afterwards. However, in 1997 the Department of Transport announced new proposals to widen the section from junction 12 (M3) and junction 15 (M4) to 12 lanes. At the Terminal Five public inquiry a Highways Agency official said that the widening was needed to accommodate traffic to the proposed new terminal, however the transport minister said that no such evidence had been given. Environmental groups objected to the decision to go ahead without holding a public inquiry. A decision to go-ahead was given for a 10-lane scheme in 1998, and the £148 million 'M25 Jct 12 to 15 Widening' contract was awarded to Balfour Beatty in 2003. The scheme was completed in 2005 as dual-five lane between junctions 12 to 14 and dual six lanes from 14 to 15.

The road cost £1 billion (in 1980s money) and took 11 years to build. It used two million tons of concrete and 3½ million tons of asphalt.

Traffic bottleneck at the Dartford Crossing in the east is the greatest problem on the motorway at present, even though the crossing is technically not part of the M25. At present the crossing is by bridge from the north, and by tunnel from the south. There are usually long tailbacks in both directions.

On its 25th birthday the BBC listed some of its effect on life near the capital:

!scope=col| miles
!scope=col| km
!scope=col| Clockwise exits (A carriageway)
!scope=col| Junction
!scope=col| Anti-clockwise exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col| Opening date
! scope=row| RiverThames
! scope=row| J1A
! scope=row| J1B
! scope=row| J2
! scope=row| J3
! scope=row| J4
! scope=row| J5
! scope=row| Services
! scope=row| J6
! scope=row| J7
! scope=row| J8
! scope=row| J9
! scope=row| Services
! scope=row| J10
! scope=row| J11
! scope=row| J12
! scope=row| J13
! scope=row| J14
! scope=row| J15
! scope=row| J16
! scope=row| J17
! scope=row| J18
! scope=row| J19
! scope=row| J20
! scope=row| J21
! scope=row| J21A
! scope=row| J22
! scope=row| J23
! scope=row| J24
! scope=row| J25
! scope=row| J26
! scope=row| J27
! scope=row| J28
! scope=row| J29
! scope=row| J30
! scope=row| J31
! scope=row| RiverThames

Harold Urey

Harold Clayton Urey (April 29, 1893 – January 5, 1981) was an American physical chemist. His pioneering work on isotopes earned him the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1934. He played a significant role in the development of the atom bomb, and he had ideas on the development of organic life from non-living matter.

Urey earned a degree in zoology from the University of Montana and a Ph.D. in chemistry, studying thermodynamics under Gilbert N. Lewis at the University of California, Berkeley. 

At Berkeley, Urey was influenced by the work of physicist Raymond T. Birge and soon joined Niels Bohr in Copenhagen to work on atomic structure at the Institute for Theoretical Physics. 

On his return to the U.S. and between 1924 and 1928, he taught at The Johns Hopkins University as 'Associate in Chemistry', and then at Columbia where he assembled a team of associates. He wrote (with Arthur Ruark), "Atoms, quanta and molecules", one of the first English texts on quantum mechanics and its applications to atomic and molecular systems. 

He discovered deuterium, isolating it by repeatedly distilling a sample of liquid hydrogen. In 1931, he and his associates went on to demonstrate the existence of heavy water. Urey was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1934 for this work.
During World War II, Urey's team at Columbia worked on a number of research programs that contributed towards the Manhattan Project to develop an atomic bomb for the United States. Most importantly, they developed the gaseous diffusion method to separate uranium-235 from uranium-238. In autumn 1941, Urey, with G.B. Pegram, led a diplomatic mission to England to establish co-operation on the development of the atomic bomb.

Isaac Asimov, a student at Columbia at this time, remembers Urey lamenting, perhaps too strongly, how pained he was that he could do nothing to help the war effort. Asimov pointed out innocently that perhaps the enriched uranium kept at Columbia may have had something to do with the war effort. Urey reddened and changed the subject. Urey had worried about the German atomic bomb while working on uranium separation at Columbia during the war, and now referred to "the most dangerous situation that humanity has ever faced in all history".
After the war, Urey became professor of chemistry at the Institute for Nuclear Studies, then Ryerson professor of chemistry at the University of Chicago before moving to the University of California, San Diego. A UCSD building was named in his honor in the early 1960s, during a time when nearly all buildings other than student dormitories had only generic names. The name of the building is actually the "Frieda and Harold Urey Hall". Urey would have rejected the honor, he hated the architecture of the building, but since it also honored his wife he accepted.

In later life, Urey helped develop the field of 'cosmochemistry' and is credited with coining the term. His work on oxygen-18 led him to develop theories about the abundance of the chemical elements on Earth and of their abundance and evolution in the stars. This work was among the pioneering paleoclimatic research. Urey summarised his work in the book "The planets: their origin and development" (1952). Urey speculated that the early terrestrial atmosphere was probably composed of ammonia, methane and hydrogen; it was one of his Chicago graduate students, Stanley L. Miller, who showed that, if such a mixture be exposed to electric sparks and to water, it can interact to produce amino acids, commonly called the "building blocks of life" ("see Miller-Urey experiment").

Urey died at La Jolla, California, and is buried in the Fairfield Cemetery in DeKalb County, Indiana. While working at Columbia University, Urey was a resident of Leonia, New Jersey.



German Reich

German Reich () was the official name for Germany from 1871 to 1945. 

The history of Germany during the time of the German Reich is usually broken into three parts:

Trịnh Công Sơn

Trịnh Công Sơn (February 28, 1939 – April 1, 2001) was a Vietnamese composer, musician, painter and songwriter. 

He, along with Pham Duy and Van Cao, is widely considered one of the three salient figures of modern (non-classical) Vietnamese music.

Constituent Assembly of Pakistan

The Constituent Assembly of Pakistan was Pakistan's first parliament and first met on 10 August, 1947. The next day Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah (1876-1948), was elected as the President of the assembly and the new national flag was approved. On 14 August, 1947, Jinnah gave a speech which outlined the important principles of the future government of an independent Pakistan. Jinnah was chosen as the first Governor-General of Pakistan. The assembly's main task was to write a new constitution for Pakistan.

This was a difficult task, however the assembly did agree on the "Objective Resolution" on 12 March, 1949. A special committee of 24 members of the Constituent Assembly worked on a constitution based on the ideas in the Objective Resolution. The Governor-General, Ghulam Muhammad, shut down the assembly on 24 October 1954, before the draft constitution could be presented. The President of the Assembly, took legal action as he believed that shutting down the assembly was illegal. He lost the case in the Federal Court.

A second Constituent Assembly of Pakistan was formed on 28 May 1955. They wrote the new constitution which came into force on 23 March 1956. 

Piranha 3D

Piranha 3D is a 3-D movie directed by Alexandre Aja. It stars Elisabeth Shue, Steven R. McQueen, Jessica Szohr, Jerry O'Connell, Kelly Brook, Riley Steele, Gianna Michaels, Christopher Lloyd, Ving Rhames, Roberto Chavira, Dina Meyer, Sage Ryan, Brooklynn Proulx and special starring Richard Dreyfuss.

In Lake Victoria, an earthquake forms a underwater fault line. Hungry piranhas come out. In the city of Lake Victoria (named for the lake), spring break has just started and some guys go into the lake celebrate and swim.


Dimension Films has announced that a sequel will be released in November 2011 due to the success of this and the sequel will be called "Piranha 3DD".

Richard Dreyfuss makes a cameo in the movie when he sings the song "Show Me The Way To Go Home".
Dreyfuss sang the same song in Steven Spielberg's "Jaws".

You Lost Me

"You Lost Me" is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera, from her 2010 album "Bionic". The song was written by Aguilera, Samuel Dixon and Sia Furler. It's a slow melody pop-ballad song that talks about a cheating boyfriend, who has left the world in Aguilera's view as "infected". It was released on July 6, 2010 as the third single from Aguilera's "Bionic" album.

Metric system

The metric system is a number of different systems of measurement with length based on the metre, mass on the gram, and volume on the litre. This system is used around the world. It was developed in France and first introduced there in 1795, 2 years after the execution of Louis XVI. The metric units are based on decimal groups (multiples of ten). At first the metric system was based on two quantities: length and weight. The basic units were called the "metre" and the "gramme".

In 1866, the United States started to use the metric system, and is widely used except by the public. By 1875, many countries in Europe and in Latin America had changed to using the metric system. In 1875, seventeen countries signed the Metre Convention agreeing to share responsibility for defining and managing the metre and kilogram standards. The prototype copies of the metre and of the kilogram were called the "international prototype metre" and "international prototype kilogram". A new organization called the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) was set up. The international prototype metre and kilogram were kept at the BIPM headquarters. In 1960, the rules for the metric system were revised. The revised system was called the "International System of Units" (which is often called for short). The definition of SI also included rules for writing SI quantities. These rules are the same for all countries. In the 1970s, many people in the United Kingdom and the rest of the Commonwealth started using the metric system in their places of work.

The metric system is a decimal-based system of measurement. The system has units of measure for each quantity. The names of most units of measure in the metric system have two parts. One part is the unit name and the other part is the prefix. For example, in the name "centimetre", the word "centi" is the prefix and the word "metre" is the unit name. Sometimes, as with metre, litre and gram, there is no prefix.

In the metric system, all units have a "symbol". Symbols are a shorthand way of writing the names of units. All the countries in the world use the same symbol for a unit, even though they might have different ways of writing out the unit name in full. For example

The metric system was first developed in France during the French Revolution. A French law passed in 1795 defined five units of measure. Three of these names are still in use today. They are the metre which is the unit of length, the gram which is the unit of mass and the litre which is the unit of volume. Since then many other units of measure have been developed and many definitions changed. The metric system now has units of measurement for energy, power, force, electric current, radioactivity and many others. The most commonly used units of measure in the metric system are listed below.






The definitions of the units are often being changed. In 1960 the definition of the metre was changed. Since then it has been defined in terms of the speed of light. In 2019, the kilogram is redefined in terms of the Planck constant.

If the numbers are too big or too small, the metric system uses prefixes to make it easier to understand the numbers.

milli

centi

kilo

There are a lot of other prefixes. Some of them are:

These tables will help one to estimate the size of different lengths or masses in the metric system. In these tables:
Some names in the metric system are spelt differently in British English and in American English and Philippine English.

In 1875 representatives from the governments of twenty different countries met in Paris to discuss weights and measures. Seventeen of the countries signed a treaty about weights and measures. The treaty was called ""The Convention of the Metre"". The countries that signed were: Argentine Confederation, Austria-Hungary, Belgium, Brazil, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Peru, Portugal, Russia, Spain, Sweden and Norway, Switzerland, Turkey, United States and Venezuela. They agreed: 

The United Kingdom and the Netherlands went to the conference but did not sign the treaty at that time. After further consideration, the United Kingdom did sign the treaty in 1884 and the Netherlands became a member in 1929.

In 1889 the copies of the kilogram and the metre were ready to be given to the different countries that signed the treaty.

The United States Congress ratified the treaty in 1878. The United Kingdom signed the treaty 1884. Neither country passed laws making it compulsory to use the metric system.

In 1921 the Metre Convention was extended to include all physical measurements including time, electricity and temperature.

In 1960 the BIPM published the ""International System of Units"" (or SI). SI clarified a number of areas of the metric system, particularly in science and in engineering. The BIPM also standardized the way in which SI was written making it the same for all languages.

There are 16 US fluid ounces in a US pint but there are 20 imperial [UK] fluid ounces in an imperial pint. The US fluid ounce is larger than the imperial fluid ounce, but the imperial pint is larger than the US pint. In the 1700's this type situation was common across Europe. Each country measured length, weight/mass and volume in its own way. Sometimes different countries or cities used the same name for different measurements. Sometimes different cities in the same country had different ways of measuring things. In 1789 there were a quarter of a million different units of weight and measure in France.

During the French Revolution, French scientists decided that it would be better to have a new system of weights and measures. The system would be the same in all French provinces and cities. They also decided that it would be easier if the new system used 10's instead of 12's, 16's or 20's, because people normally count in 10's. The new system became the official system of measurement in France in 1799. One of the French leaders, the Marquis de Condorcet declared that "[the metric system] is for all people for all time".

They decided that the new system would be for everybody on Earth and that the new unit of length would be called a "metre". They decided there would be between the North Pole and the equator. Between 1791 and 1798 two surveyors, Pierre Méchain and Jean-Baptiste Delambre, measured the distance between the cities of Dunkirk to Barcelona using old French units, and used the stars to measure their latitudes. They used this information to work out that the length of the metre should be 443.296 "lignes". In 1798 the French scientists made a bar of platinum that was exactly one metre long. They stored this bar in the French archives. It was called the "metre des archives". People who made one metre rulers were able to check that their rulers were the same length as the "metre des archives". Other scientists made a kilogram weight from platinum which was also put in the archives. This weight was called the "kilogram des archives".

In 1799 the metric system was made compulsory, meaning people were made to use it by law, in the region around Paris. This caused a lot of confusion because the police enforced the new measures but customers preferred the old ones. So shopkeepers had to have both. People became worried the new measures were used to cheat them. Politicians tried to educate and convince people to use metric, but the people rejected the metric system. In 1800 the government tried to make the system acceptable by changing the names of the units back to the simpler names used before metrication. For example, the decimetre, centimetre, and millimetre were renamed to "palme" (hand), "doigt" (finger) and "trait" (trace).

In 1799 Napoleon became the leader of France. By 1812 he had conquered most of Europe. He introduced the metric system to the countries that he conquered. In 1815 he was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo. After Napoleon was defeated, most of the countries started using their old systems of measurement again.

During this time, the metric system was still the official system of measurement in France. And it still had simplified unit names. But the French people continued to use the measures they were used to. The French government tried to persuade the people to convert. They mass-produced metric rulers. They tried to teach the people to use metric measures, and commanded the police to punish people who would not cooperate. Eventually the government stopped trying and withdrew the metric system.

On 12 February 1812, France stopped using the metric system and started using a new system called "mesures usuelles". The new system was based on many of the old pre-metric units. The old units were redefined to be round numbers or fractions of the withdrawn metric units. For example the "livre" (pound) was reintroduced and changed from 489 grams to 500 grams. The "toise" was redefined as 2 metres. The "toise" contained 6 "pied" (feet), changed from 324.8 mm to of a metre (333.33 mm). The "pied" had 12 "pouces" (inches) and the "pouce" had 12 "lignes".

In 1837 the metrication laws were revived by the July Monarchy in France and in 1840 the system became compulsory throughout France, almost 50 years after it was first introduced.

During the nineteenth century many small countries started cooperating with each other. In 1815 the Kingdom of the Netherlands was formed from seventeen small states. Each state had its own system of measurement. In 1820 they decided that it would be better if everybody used the metric system.

In 1815 the German Confederation was formed. It was an association of 39 different states. Each state had its own system of measurements. In 1834 the German Confederation formed a customs union called the "Zollverein". In 1851 the "Zollverein" decided to use metric units for trade between the various states. In 1871, most of the states in the German Confederation were joined together to form the German Empire. The German Empire continued to use the metric system.

In the same year, Italy was also formed from a large number of small states. Italy also decided to use the metric system rather than choosing one of the old systems of measurement.

By 1875 many European and Latin American counties were already using the metric system. These countries included France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Peru and Columbia. Between 1875 and 1914 many more countries including Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Paraguay, Philippines and Vietnam started to use the metric system. In 1917, during the Bolshevik Revolution, the USSR (now Russia) adopted the metric system. By the start of the Second World War most non-English speaking countries had adopted the metric system.

In 1866, after most of the South American countries started to use the metric system, the United States passed a law that allowed people to use either the metric system or United States customary units for trade. Before 1893 the yard was defined as the length of the "standard yard" which was kept by the United States Treasury. The pound was defined as being the mass of the "standard pound". In 1893 the United States Congress passed the Mendenhall Order. This order defined the yard as being exactly metres and the pound as being exactly 0.4535924277 kilogram. The order only changed the definitions of the pound and the yard. It had no other effect on people's lives.

In 1975 the Metric Conversion Act started a formal metrication process. Metrication was to be voluntary. It was to be coordinated by the U.S. Metric Board. In 1988 the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act said that metric units had to be used for all federal projects. The Act did not apply to state projects. Some states demanded that metric units be used but other states did not. Some industries changed to using metric units but others did not. Soft drinks are sold in metric quantities. Milk is sold in customary units. Metric units are widely used in the design of motor cars. Aircraft such as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner were designed using mainly customary units.

Some people in the United States want to complete the change-over to the metric system. They say that it will make things easier for everybody. Other people say that it will cost too much money.
Some people want to use the metric system because it will make it easier to export goods. Other people say that metrication can only work if all fifty states metricate at the same time. This will not happen unless the Federal Government takes the lead.

However, in the U.S. territories of Puerto Rico and Guam, the metric system is already officially used and is dominant. The metric system was introduced to both territories, when they were Spanish colonies, and has remained official and dominant after they became U.S. territories.

In 1897 the United Kingdom passed a law allowing people to use either the metric system or Imperial units for trade. By the late 1960s three quarters of British exports were to countries that used the metric system. However people in the United Kingdom still used imperial units. The Metrication Board was set up in 1969 to help Britain change to the metric system. Each company had to pay their own expenses. Some companies saved a lot of money by changing to the metric system because they could make the same goods for export as they made for sales in the United Kingdom. For example, almost all motor cars use metric-sized nuts and bolts. Other companies lost money because they had to make many changes but did not have any benefit from the changes.

When the Metrication Board was closed down in 1981 most of government and industry had changed to the metric system but a lot of everyday things like road signs had not been changed. A survey taken in 2013 showed that metric units and imperial units were both widely used by British people in their private lives.


Piranha 3DD

Piranha 3DD is a 2011 movie directed by John Gulager taken from the subject by Alexandre Aja.
The movie is the sequel to "Piranha 3D". It stars Ving Rhames and Christopher Lloyd.

Is now one year after the attack of piranhas in Lake Victoria and everything now seems back to normal.
Instead, it turns out that not all piranhas are dead.
Lake Victoria has just opened a water park in the lake and the piranhas are hungry...

Fallon was seemingly dead in the first chapter.
Perhaps the movie is a reboot, or Fallon was not dead as it seemed.


Matisyahu

Matthew Paul Miller (born June 30, 1979), better known by his name and stage name Matisyahu, is a Jewish-American singer. He combines elements of reggae, rap, beatbox, alternative rock and Hasidic themes in his music.

Matisyahu was born in Pennsylvania, but grew up in White Plains, New York. He was raised in a reconstructionist Jewish home. In his teenage years, he began to rebel and started to take drugs; later on he began a journey of self-exploration. 

Matisyahu married his first wife, Tahlia, in August 2004, and they have three sons. In 2014 the couple divorced. In 2019 he got married again. He has stated that he is vegan. 

Miller performed for over a year as MC Truth in Bend, Oregon. In 2004, after having signed with JDub Records, he released his first album, "Shake Off the Dust...Arise". In 2005 and 2006, he toured in the United States, Canada, and Europe; and made a number of stops in Israel, including a performance as the supporting act for Sting in June 2006. His video and album, "Youth", produced by Bill Laswell, was released on March 7, 2006. it was "Billboard" magazine's number-one Digital Album.

Matisyahu's most famous songs are ""King Without a Crown"", ""Jerusalem"", and ""One Day"". He has collaborated with Akon, The Crystal Method, and Infected Mushroom.

Since 2004, he has released 5 studio albums, as well as 2 live albums, 2 remix albums, and 2 DVDs with live concerts.

Tom Waits

Thomas Alan "Tom" Waits (born December 7, 1949) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and composer. He is known for his distinct voice, electric instrumentation, and occasionally surreal lyrics. His work often includes elements of the blues, jazz, and musical theatre.

Allama Iqbal International Airport

Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore is the second-largest civil airport in Pakistan, serving the capital of Punjab province. It has both international and domestic air traffic. It was first called the Lahore International Airport, but it was renamed in 2003 for Allama Sir Muhammad Iqbal. He was the Islamic poet-philosopher who was a major supporter for the creation of the state of Pakistan. The airport has parking for 20 aircraft, and the airport terminal can handle up to five million passengers a year.


Woolly rhinoceros

The woolly rhinoceros ("Coelodonta antiquitatis") was a large mammal species of rhinoceros, now extinct. It was widespread throughout the tundra of northern Eurasia during the Pleistocene epoch, about 1.8 million years ago until about 10,000 years ago (the end of the last ice age). 

Recently, the earliest known woolly rhino fossil was discovered from 3.6 million years in the Himalayas on the cold Tibetan plateau. It lived there during a period of general climate warmth around the earth. It is believed that they migrated from there to other parts when the ice age developed.

It was well adapted to the cold; it had thick, shaggy fur, small ears, short legs, and a massive body (all to lessen heat loss). Fossils of this early rhino have been found, in addition to well-preserved corpses, which were found in frozen gravel in Siberia. Stone Age humans hunted woolly rhinos; they drew pictures of the rhinos on cave walls 30,000 years ago, giving us even more information about these large mammals. 

Woolly mammoth

The woolly mammoth (Mammuthus primigenius), is a species of mammoth. They were large elephants which lived during the ice ages. The animal is known from bones and frozen carcasses from northern North America and northern Eurasia. The best preserved carcasses were found in Siberia. They are perhaps the most well known species of mammoth. Woolly mammoths are now extinct, so we can't see them anymore.

This mammoth species was first recorded in deposits of a former glaciation in Eurasia, perhaps 150,000 years ago.

The woolly mammoth coexisted with early humans, who hunted them. Their bones and tusks were used as tools, and dwellings. Mammoths were also hunted for food. The species disappeared from most of its range at the end of the Pleistocene (10,000 years ago), with a dwarfed race still living on Wrangel Island until about 1700 BC.

Cave paintings of the woolly mammoth have been found in caves in France and Spain. 

Rival (disambiguation)

"Rival" or "rivals" may refer to:



Renewable energy in Pakistan

Renewable energy in Pakistan is mostly solar and wind power. It is a relatively underdeveloped sector. In recent years, environmental groups and the authorities explored renewable energy resources for energy production. New renewable energy projects were designed to address the energy crises and power shortages affecting the country.

Welfare

Welfare is an idea from economics and Social Security. The idea is that everyone should have a minimal living standard. People who cannot reach this standard will be supported, usually by the state. Using welfare, everyone has their basic needs covered. This idea is different from the idea of charity.

Welfare can take different forms:

Welfare money is given by the government, charities, and other groups of people to help homeless, old, illness, poor, and disabled people (people who cannot help themselves), and also helps children (child support).

Welfare can also be called the well-being of someone or a group of people: their happiness, health, safety, and fortune.

In countries like Germany, Japan, United States, Sweden, and France, government welfare also is used to help the needy.


Independent politician

In politics, an Independent is someone who is not a member of any political party. Independents can have a centrist opinion on what they want to do when they are elected, or they may have extreme opinions that are very different from what other parties have. Also, there are some politicians who may choose to contest an election by themselves as an Independent candidate even if they used to be a member of a political party, because they do not want to follow their party's political ideology. Some Independents may create their own political party just to take part in an election.

RNE

RNE (Spanish: ""Radio Nacional de España"") (English: ""Spain's National Radio"") is a Spanish public radio broadcaster. Since 1973 it's integrated on the RTVE group. Now, RNE is made up of 6 radio channels:

Cleveland Barons (NHL)

The Cleveland Barons were a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1976–78. They had been the California Golden Seals, which had played in Oakland since 1967. The franchise was then moved to Cleveland. After only two seasons, the team joined with the Minnesota North Stars.

Colorado Rockies (NHL)

The Colorado Rockies were an American professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They played in Denver, Colorado, from 1976 to 1982. They had been the Kansas City Scouts, a 1974 expansion team, until the franchise was moved to Denver. In 1982 the franchise again moved to East Rutherford, New Jersey, in 1982 and was renamed the New Jersey Devils. The NHL did not return to Denver until 1995, when the Quebec Nordiques moved to become the Colorado Avalanche.


Hamilton Tigers

The Hamilton Tigers were a professional ice hockey team, and a member of the National Hockey League (NHL). They were based in Hamilton, Ontario and played at Barton Street Arena. They played from 1920–1925. The Tigers were formed from the sale of the Quebec Bulldogs NHL franchise. After years of struggling, the team finished first in the league in the 1924-25 NHL season. However, after a players' strike at the end of the season the team broke up.


Montreal Maroons

The Montreal Maroons (officially the Montreal Professional Hockey Club) was a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They played in the NHL from 1924 to 1938, winning the Stanley Cup in 1926 and 1935.


Ottawa Senators (original)

The Ottawa Senators were an amateur, and later, professional, ice hockey team based in Ottawa, Canada which existed from 1883 to 1954. The club was the first hockey club in Ontario, a founding member of the National Hockey League (NHL) and played in the NHL from 1917 until 1934. The club, which was officially the Ottawa Hockey Club (Ottawa HC), was known by several nicknames, including the "Generals" in the 1890s, the "Silver Seven" from 1903 to 1907 and the "Senators" dating from 1908.

Pittsburgh Pirates (NHL)

The Pittsburgh Pirates were an American professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL), based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1925–26 to 1929–30. The nickname comes from the baseball team also based in the city. For the 1930–31 season the team moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and played one season as the Philadelphia Quakers.


St. Louis Eagles

The St. Louis Eagles were a professional ice hockey team and a former member of the National Hockey League (NHL) based in St. Louis, Missouri. The Eagles lasted for only one year, playing in the 1934–35 NHL season.


Reconciliation

In Christian theology, reconciliation is the process of repairing one's relationship with God. This comes after atonement. It is a part of salvation. Reconciliation is the end of the estrangement, caused by original sin, between God and his people. John Calvin describes reconciliation as the peace between humanity and God that results from atoning for religious sin.

Safi Airways

Safi Airways Co. () is an Afghan airline. The airline Safi Airways - IATA-Code 4Q - was started in 2006 by Rahim Safi, an Afghan Businessman. This private airline has its head office in the Safi Airline Center in Shahr-e-Naw, Kabul and an administrative office in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Safi Airways Official Website 

Slovak Extraliga

The Slovak Extraliga is the top level ice hockey league in Slovakia. It was founded in 1993, the same year that Slovakia became and independent country. 

Swedish Hockey League

The Swedish Hockey League (SHL), is a professional ice hockey league in the country of Sweden. It was founded in 1975 as the Swedish Elite League , and is the top level of ice hockey in Sweden. The name was changed in June 2013.



Victorious

Victorious (stylized as VICTORiOUS) is an American teen sitcom created by Dan Schneider that originally aired on Nickelodeon from March 27, 2010, to February 2, 2013. The show revolves around aspiring singer Tori Vega (portrayed by Victoria Justice), a teenager who attends a performing arts high school called Hollywood Arts High School, after taking her older sister Trina's (Daniella Monet) place in a showcase while getting into screwball situations on a daily basis. On her first day at Hollywood Arts, she meets Andre Harris (Leon Thomas III), Robbie Shapiro (Matt Bennett), Rex Powers (Robbie's puppet), Jade West (Elizabeth Gillies), Cat Valentine (Ariana Grande) and Beck Oliver (Avan Jogia). 

The series follows Tori Vega, a teenage girl who is accepted into Hollywood Arts, a performing arts high school for talented teens. The show follows Tori and her friends as she finds her place within Hollywood Arts, completing school projects that usually involve musical and theatrical performances, and overcoming unusual and absurd challenges. Other students at Hollywood Arts (and the students who make up Tori's group of friends) include the musical prodigy Andre Harris, the socially awkward Robbie Shapiro and his ventriloquist dummy Rex, the sweet but dim-witted red-head Cat Valentine, the sarcastic and mean Jade West (who serves as Tori's frenemy), Jade's handsome down-to-earth boyfriend Beck Oliver, and Tori's untalented and self-absorbed older sister Trina. Other characters include Erwin Sikowitz, the performing-arts teacher for Hollywood Arts; Lane Alexander, the school's guidance counselor; and Sinjin Van Cleef, an odd and often unsettling classmate that handles audiovisual.




Samanid dynasty

The Samani dynasty ( "Sāmāniyān"), also called the Samanid Empire, or simply Samanids (819–999) was a Tajik state and empire in Central Asia and Greater Iran. It is named after its founder Saman Khuda, who converted to Sunni Islam. He had been born a member of the Zoroastrian nobility. It was the first Persian empire in Greater Iran and Central Asia after the Sassanid Persian empire collapsed because of the Arab conquest.

Prime Minister of Singapore

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore is the head of the government of the Republic of Singapore. The President of Singapore chooses as Prime Minister a Member of Parliament (MP) who, he thinks, will have the highest chance of being supported by a majority of MPs.

The first time there was a Prime Minister was in 1959 and it was chosen by the Governor of Singapore and later the Yang di-Pertuan Negara (head of state), when Singapore could have the power to govern as the State of Singapore inside the British Empire. The title of Prime Minister did not change after Singapore merged with the Federation of Malaya, Sarawak and British North Borneo, while Singapore was a state in the Federation of Malaysia from 1963 to 1965, and after independence in 1965.

Lee Kuan Yew was the first prime minister of Singapore from 1959 to 1990 and retired on 26 November 1990. Goh Chok Tong took over Lee Kuan Yew, while Lee Kuan Yew was given the job of Senior Minister in the Prime Minister's Office. Goh Chok Tong retired on 12 August 2004 and was replaced by Lee Kuan Yew's son Lee Hsien Loong. Goh was given the job of Senior Minister, and the older Lee the job of Minister Mentor.

The Deputy Prime Minister (DPM) is the second highest position and the second most senior Cabinet Minister in Singapore. The DPM will sometimes become the Acting Prime Minister when the Prime Minister is temporarily not in Singapore. Since the mid-1980s, Singapore has usually had two Deputy Prime Ministers at one time.
(1) Ong Teng Cheong and Tony Tan served under more than one Prime Minister during their time as Deputy Prime Minister.



Rhipidistia

The Rhipidistia are lobe-finned fish, and include the ancestors of the tetrapods. The Rhipidistia are a subgroup of Sarcopterygii which includes the lungfish (Dipnoi) and the tetrapodomorphs.

As cladistic understanding of the vertebrates has improved over the last few decades a monophyletic Rhipidistia is now understood to include the ancestor of the whole Tetrapoda. 

Rhipidistia


Elisheva

Elisheva or Elisheba was a wife of the priest Aaron. They are mentioned in the Bible. Aaron was a brother of the prophet Moses.

She is known as Alishahda in Islam.

Her father was Amminadab and her brother was Nahshon.

Her sons were Nadab and Abihu, Ithamar and Eleazar.

She was buried in the Tomb of the Matriarchs.

Amminadab

Amminadab was a man mentioned in the Bible as an ancestor of Jesus.

He was a son of Ram and father of Nahshon and Elisheva, who married priest Aaron.

Laurence Gardner proposed Amminadab to be pharaoh Akhenaten.

Moose Jaw Warriors

The Moose Jaw Warriors is a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1984. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan at the Mosaic Place. They have reached the WHL finals once in 2006 but were swept in 4 games by the Vancouver Giants. They were originally known as the Winnipeg Warriors until relocating to Moose Jaw in 1984.


Ice hockey at the Olympic Games

Ice hockey tournaments have been played at the Olympic Games since 1920. The men's tournament was first played at the 1920 Summer Olympics, but was moved to the Winter Olympics in 1924. The women's tournament was first held at the 1998 Winter Olympics. Canada holds the record for the most Gold medals, with 11.


Ice Hockey World Championships

The Ice Hockey World Championships are a yearly ice hockey tournament organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). The World Championships were first officially held at the 1920 Summer Olympics. The IIHF was created in 1908 while the European Championships, the predecessor to the World Championships, were first held in 1910. The tournament held at the 1920 Summer Olympics is recognized as the first Ice Hockey World Championship. Between 1920 and 1968, the Olympic hockey tournament was also considered the World Championship for that year. The first World Championship that was held as an individual event was in 1930.


Tangier

Tangier, also Tangiers (Tifinagh: ⵜⴰⵏⵊⴰ Tanja, archaic Berber name: Tingi, Arabic: طنجة "Ṭanja") is a city in northern Morocco with a population of about 700,000 (2008 census). It lies on the North African coast at the western entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar where the Mediterranean meets the Atlantic Ocean off Cape Spartel. It is the capital of the Tangier-Tetouan Region and of the Tangier-Asilah prefecture of Morocco near the Spanish border. 

The history of Tangier is very rich due to the historical presence of many civilizations and cultures starting from the 5th century BC. Between the period of being a Phoenician town to the independence era around the 1950s, Tangier was a place—and, sometimes a refuge—for many cultures. However, it was not until 1923 that Tangier was attributed an international status by foreign colonial powers, thus becoming a destination for many Europeans, Americans and Indians alike.

The city is currently undergoing rapid development and modernization. Projects include new 5-star hotels along the bay, a modern business district called Tangier City Centre, a new airport terminal and a new soccer stadium. Tangier's economy is also set to benefit greatly from the new Tanger-Med port.


Tunisair

Société Tunisienne de l'Air, or Tunisair () is the flag carrier airline of Tunisia. Formed in 1948, it operates scheduled international services to European, African and Middle Eastern destinations. Its main base is Tunis-Carthage International Airport. The airline's head office is in Tunis, near Tunis Airport.


Senior Minister

Senior Minister (, used to be called 内阁资政／內閣資政 before 12 August 2004, ) is a political office in the Prime Minister's Office. The job of Senior Minister in the political system of Singapore is taken by a prime minister or senior cabinet minister when he or she retires from that office, but still can help the government with their long experience. However, some opposition critics say that the job of senior minister shows no respect for the political opposition in Singapore and the reliance of Singapore on a dominant-party system.

The last Senior Ministers of Singapore were Goh Chok Tong, the second Prime Minister of Singapore and S Jayakumar, former Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore. This job has been held by Goh since August 12, 2004, and used to be held by Lee Kuan Yew, the first Prime Minister of Singapore, from November 28, 1990, until August 12, 2004, and S. Rajaratnam, former Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore, from 1985 to 1988. After Goh Chok Tong became Senior Minister, a new ministerial job, the Minister Mentor, was created and given to Lee Kuan Yew. On 26 March 2009, Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong announced that the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore (DPM) S. Jayakumar would let go of his job as the DPM and become Senior Minister in the Prime Minister's Office.

In the 2011 general elections, S. Jayakumar did not contest in the election and retired from politics.

After the elections, the Senior Minister position was renamed to Emeritus Senior Minister and is still headed by former prime minister Goh Chok Tong.


Edifício Altino Arantes

Edifício Altino Arantes is a skyscraper in São Paulo, Brazil. It is 161 meters (528 feet) tall and has 36 floors. It was built in 1947.


1918–1920 unrest in Split

In 1918–1920, a series of incidents took place at Spalato (now Split) between Dalmatian Italians and local South Slavs fighting -with ethnic disturbances, revolts and bloody clashes- for the control of the city.

The incidents of Spalato were a group of violent fights -related to antiitalianism- that happened in Spalato between 1918 and 1920 and that resulted in the murder of the Italian military ship "Puglia" captain, Tommaso Gulli (and a sailor named Aldo Rossi). He was hit on July 11, 1920 and was dead the next morning.

These battles belong to a centuries long struggle for the control of the Adriatic eastern coast between Slavs (mainly Croats and Slovenians) and Italians. A struggle that hugely increased during the Austro-Hungarian Empire, when the Italian irredentism and the Yugoslavian nationalism at the end of the XIX century created a bloody confrontation in the Adriatic area.

Indeed, during the second half of the XIX century in Spalato there was the struggle between the "Autonomist Party" pro-Italians and the "National Party" pro-Slavs: the last Italian major was Antonio Bajamonti in 1882 and since then the city had experienced a process of Croatization. Bajamonti, the most prominent Dalmatian Italian in History, once remarked:

World War I and the related Italian victory, not welcomed by the Yugoslavians, were the events preceding the incidents of Spalato.

In the city of Spalato there was an autochthonous Italian community, which was reorganized in November 1918 through the foundation of the "National Fasces" (not to be confused with Fascism) led by Leonardo Pezzoli, Antonio Tacconi, Edoardo Pervan and Stefano Selem from the ashes of the "Autonomist Party", dissolved by the Austrian authorities in 1915.

There were 2,082 Italians in Spalato according to the 1910 Austrian Census and they were only the 9.73% of the total population, but they had the best economic status in the Spalato society.

This census data had understated the number of Italians in the city area and this mistake seems to be confirmed by a series of subsequent events. Indeed, following the Treaty of Rapallo, the Italians of Dalmatia could opt for the acquisition of Italian citizenship instead of the Yugoslavian one, while maintaining residence: despite a violent campaign of intimidation on the part of Yugoslavia, over 900 families of Italian speaking "Spalatini" had exercised the option to be Italians. Furthermore, in 1927 was carried out a Census of Italians living outside Italy: in Spalato and surrounding area were counted 3,337 Italian citizens.

So, given that about 1,000 Italians (with their families) left the city following its incorporation into the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, and estimating a certain percentage of Italians who accepted the "forced" Yugoslavian citizenship, it is really possible that 7,000 Italians in the Spalato area -as said by Antonio Tacconi- obtained membership in Italian associations of Spalato in 1918/1919: this amount is more than 3 times the data from the 1910 Austrian Census.

After the Austrian defeat, in the first half of November 1918 Italian troops occupied the Dalmatian territories assigned to Italy by the 1915 Pact of London. Spalato (the city was officially called "Split" only after the 1919 Paris Peace Conference) was not one of those areas, but the Italians sent some ships and occupied the city as agreed with the Allies.

The Yugoslavian nationalists, who controlled the city with their "National Guard", soon showed huge hostility toward the Italian troops, fearing they could remain forever in the city. Even the arrival of slav refugees from the London Pact Italian-occupied areas increased the tensions: those refugees were responsible for most of the incidents in the next 2 years.
On November 9, 1918 two French destroyer entered the port of Spalato. The Italians - mostly concentrated within the old city - exposed on the windows of their homes the Italian tricolor and went to the harbor to celebrate the Triple Entente. But the reaction of the Yugoslavian National Guard was immediate: they entered by force in the apartments, tore down the flags, beat some of those present and damaged the furniture. Meanwhile, the Austrian commander of a ship already docked at the port (and now with Yugoslavian flag) ordered with the megaphone to remove the flags, threatening to open fire.

This was the first of a long series of incidents, which also saw the creation of a classic pattern of propaganda that would be found very often in the next months: the Croatian newspapers - and especially the most extreme of them, "Novo Doba", denounced the "Italian provocation". The Italians, however, created a complaint report and forwarded it to the Allies. In the following days the municipal Croatian authorities of Spalato were forced to submit a formal apology for the incident.

But other incidents and demonstrations against Italy and the Dalmatian Italians happened in other cities, like Trau and the "Castelli". The worst happened on December 23 when groups of fanatical Slavs destroyed the offices of the main Italian institutions in Spalato (the "Fascio Nazionale", the "Gabinetto di Lettura" and the "Società Operaia") and hit many dozens of Italians on the streets, while destroying a lot of Italian-owned shops. The same happened on January 6, 1919 in Trau.

Italian Admiral Enrico Millo, who was just promoted to Governor of Dalmatia for the area occupied by Italy, quickly sent ships to defend the Italians of Spalato: on January 12 arrived the destroyer "Puglia" in the port of the city, between huge protests from the Slav community.

On February 24, while an "Allies Commission for the Adriatic" (made of US admiral Albert P. Niblack, French admiral Jean-Etienne-Charles-Marcel Ratyè, British admiral Edward Burton Kiddle and Italian admiral Umberto Cagni) was visiting Spalato, a huge group of Slavs -in order to show that they were the majority in Spalato and rejected the Italians- attacked the Italian sailors of the "Puglia": the captain Giulio Menini was hit together with some Italians walking on the nearby streets, and again were damaged some shops owned by the Italian community. The Croatian authorities were forced to do another apology and until summer there were only minor incidents.

But on September 12 Gabriele D'Annunzio occupied Fiume (actual "Rijeka") and later went even to Zara. As a consequence the Italian count Fanfogna organized a similar tentative of occupation in Trau. and the Slavs of Spalato feared something similar was going to happen in their city: tensions arose and other incidents against the Italians happened in Spalato in November (the "Caffe Nani" was destroyed and many Italian owned shop were damaged.)

Until the beginning of 1920 the Italians of Spalato never attacked the Slavs (even because of obvious numerical inferiority) and were harassed by Croatian nationalists continuously, as has happened since the end of the XIX century in all Dalmatia.

But after the attack of January 27, 1920 in which were damaged nearly all the Italian-owned shops and the offices of Italian institutions, some Italian sailors of the "Puglia" now under the command of captain Tommaso Gulli, started to defend themselves and the Dalmatian Italians menacing to use their guns.

On July 27 another attack against the Italians of Spalato was done and a group of officials of the "Puglia" found refuge in a place near the docks: captain Gulli ordered a boat to rescue them, but it was blocked by some Slavs and was forced to fire "alarm shots" in the sky to get help.

Soon Gulli went to the rescue with a MAS, but approaching the docks found a huge crowd of nationalist Slavs. Shots were fired to the Italians and for the first time they returned fire. A hand granade was thrown to the Mas and hit the sailor Aldo Rossi and others.

Another shot hit captain Gulli, while the Italians killed a man on the docks, whose name was Matej Mis. Anyway, many versions about what happened were done in the next days, by the Yugoslavians and by the Italians.

Captain Gulli was helped in a Hospital but died the next day, while sailor Rossi survived only a few hours.

In the Kingdom of Italy the reaction to what happened in Spalato was of rage and indignation: in Trieste fascists and nationalists attacked the Hotel Balkan (called in Slovenian "Narodni dom" and center of the Slav activities in Trieste) the next day.

In the following years the Italians of Spalato - under the Yugoslavian rule renamed "Split", as was officially called the city since 1919- were continuously harassed in their institutions, schools and shops & business: they declined in a slow but steady way.

Actually they are only one hundred in Croatian Split, with their association called "Comunitá italiana di Spalato".




Decagon

A decagon is a shape with 10 sides and 10 corners.

All sides of a regular decagon are the same length. Each corner is 144°. All corners added together equal 1440°.

The amount of space a regular decagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

An alternative formula is formula_2 where "d" is the distance between parallel sides, or the height when the decagon stands on one side as base.<br> 
By simple trigonometry formula_3.

The side of a regular decagon inscribed in a unit circle is formula_4, where "ϕ" is the golden ratio, formula_5.

Coxeter states that every parallel-sided 2"m"-gon can be divided into "m"("m"-1)/2 rhombs. For the "regular decagon", "m"=5, and it can be divided into 10 rhombs, with examples shown below. This decomposition can be seen as 10 of 80 faces in a Petrie polygon projection plane of the 5-cube. A dissection is based on 10 of 30 faces of the rhombic triacontahedron. The list A006245 defines the number of solutions as 62, with 2 orientations for the first symmetric form, and 10 orientations for the other 6.

A skew decagon is a skew polygon with 10 vertices and edges but not existing on the same plane. The interior of such an decagon is not generally defined. A "skew zig-zag decagon" has vertices alternating between two parallel planes.

A regular skew decagon is vertex-transitive with equal edge lengths. In 3-dimensions it will be a zig-zag skew decagon and can be seen in the vertices and side edges of a pentagonal antiprism, pentagrammic antiprism, and pentagrammic crossed-antiprism with the same D, [2,10] symmetry, order 20.

These can also be seen in these 4 convex polyhedra with icosahedral symmetry. The polygons on the perimeter of these projections are regular skew decagons.


To a Mouse

"To a Mouse, on Turning Her Up in Her Nest with the Plough" (also known as just "To a Mouse") is a poem written by Robert Burns. The poem was written in Scots in 1785. "To a Mouse" is about a young man who accidentally overturns the soil of a mouse’s nest.

John Steinbeck named his novella "Of Mice and Men" after a line in the seventh stanza of the poem. This line is: "The best laid schemes o' mice an' men / Gang aft agley" ("The best laid schemes of mice and men / Go often askew"). 

Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers

Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers was an American rock band from Gainesville, Florida. Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers have six members in the band; the current band members are Tom Petty, Mike Campbell, Benmont Tench, Ron Blair, Scott Thurston and Steve Ferrone. The band received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1999. The band have won many Grammy Awards and were also the recipients of 2006's Billboard Century Award. The band ended when Petty was found dead in his home in 2017 after an accidental drug overdose.



So far as of 2011, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers have released 12 Studio albums:



Echiura

The Echiura, or spoon worms, are a small group of marine animals. They are often considered to be a group of annelids, although they lack the segmented structure found in other members of that group, and so may also be treated as a separate phylum.

However, phylogenetic analyses of DNA sequences place echiurans and Sipuncula within the Annelida.

Acoelomorpha

The Acoelomorpha are a group of animals with features that were once put in the phylum Platyhelminthes (flatworms).

In 2004 molecular studies showed this was wrong.

Now it is clear that their closest relatives are the Xenoturbellida, and the two groups make up the proposed new phylum, the Xenacoelomorpha.

Most researchers believe them to be basal among the bilateria, slightly more derived than the Cnidaria. Recent results suggest that they (along with "Xenoturbella") may lie near the base of the deuterostomes. An ongoing collaborative research project has "the researchers ... confident that they can reach an agreement about where acoels fit in evolutionary history".

Acoels are almost entirely marine, living between grains of sediment, swimming as plankton, or crawling on algae. Acoels have a statocyst, which presumably helps them orient to gravity. Their soft bodies make them difficult to classify.

Atlantic 10 Conference

The Atlantic 10 Conference (A-10) is a NCAA conference that plays in NCAA Division I. The conference is headquartered in Newport News, Virginia and features universities and colleges from the Eastern and Midwestern United States.

The A-10 was founded by eight Eastern schools in 1975 as the Eastern Collegiate Basketball League, and began play in 1976. It first played only men's basketball, but added other sports in 1977 and became the Eastern Athletic Association. Despite its official names, the conference was more often called the Eastern 8. By 1982, the conference had 10 schools, and it became the Atlantic 10.

Although the conference has had "10" in its name since 1982, it has not had 10 members since Penn State left for the second and final time in 1991. Since then, the A-10 has had anywhere from 8 to 16 full members (schools that play most of their sports in the conference). From 1997 to 2006, the A-10 ran a football league; after the 2006 season, the A-10 football conference was taken over by the Colonial Athletic Association, now known as the Coastal Athletic Association. The former A-10 football conference is now known as CAA Football (in full, the Coastal Athletic Association Football Conference); it is run by the multi-sports CAA but is legally separate.

Fifteen schools are full members. Most of the members are private schools; eight are run by the Catholic Church. UMass, indicated with a pink background, will leave the A-10 for the Mid-American Conference in July 2025.

Three schools are "associate members" that play only one sport in the A-10.
Ten schools were once full members of the A-10, but are no longer in the conference.

Chess rating system

A chess rating system is a system used in chess to estimate the strength of a player, based on his performance against other players. They are used by all national chess organisations, and by FIDE, the International Chess Federation. In these systems a higher number indicates a stronger player. In general, a player's rating goes up if he performs better than expected and down if he performs worse than expected. The Elo rating system is used by FIDE and by many countries.

The first modern rating system was used by the Correspondence Chess League of America in 1939. Soviet player Andrey Khachatoruv proposed a similar system in 1946. The first one that made an impact on international chess was the Ingo system in 1948. The USCF (United States Chess Federation) adopted the Harkness system in 1950. Shortly after, the British Chess Federation started using a system devised by Sir Richard Clarke, a statistician and senior civil servant. The USCF switched to the Elo rating system in 1960, which was adopted by FIDE in 1970.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David & Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford Companion to Chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press. p332 </ref>

The principle which lies behind a rating is this. The rating is a prediction of how well a player will perform against other players of different ratings. If the player does better than predicted, their rating goes up; if they do worse, their rating goes down. An arithmetic calculation shows by how much the player's rating changes. Today, all results are fed into a computer database, and computer software does all the calculations. Then the list is published as a 'rating list'.


Great white pelican

The great white pelican ("Pelecanus onocrotalus") is also known as the Eastern white pelican, white pelican, or old world white pelican. They are the second largest birds in the pelican family, with only the Dalmatian pelican larger than them.

The pelican breeds in southeastern Europe, south Asia, and Africa. They are most common in Africa, as 80% of the 90,000 breeding pairs mate there. However, because of climate change and humans using the wetlands they live in, some populations of great white pelicans are declining.

Lipase

A lipase is an enzyme that catalyzes the formation or cleavage (hydrolysis) of fats (lipids).

Lipases are essential for the digestion, transport and processing of lipids in the diet. Fats, oils and triglycerides are present in most (perhaps all) living organisms. Genes coding for lipases are even present in certain viruses.

Nikolai Volkoff

Josip Nikolai Peruzović (14 October 1947 – 29 July 2018) better known by his ring name, Nikolai Volkoff, was a Yugoslavian professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation. Although the character he played was portrayed as Russian, He actually came from Croatia and has a mixed background that was not entirely Russian. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005 by Jim Ross.

Volkoff died on July 29, 2018 at the age of 70 just days after being released from a hospital in Glen Arm, Maryland where he had been treated for dehydration.
Volkoff held many championships during his professional wrestling career:




Palate

The palate is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals. It separates the oral cavity (mouth) from the nasal cavity.

A similar structure is found in crocodilia, but, in most other tetrapods, the oral and nasal cavities are not truly separate.

The palate is divided into two parts, the anterior bony hard palate, and the posterior fleshy soft palate or velum.

The hard palate is formed before birth. If the fusion is not complete, it is called a cleft palate. This is a birth or congenital defect.
As the roof of the mouth was once considered the seat of the sense of taste, "palate" can also refer to this sense itself, as in the phrase "a discriminating palate". By further extension, the flavour of a food (particularly beer or wine) may be called its palate.

Mariner 4

Mariner 4 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the fourth spacecraft in the Mariner program. It was sent on a Mars flyby mission. It was the first successful mission to Mars. The spacecraft was launched on November 28, 1964 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Mariner 4 reached Mars after an eight-month journey. The spacecraft became the first spacecraft to take close-up photographs of another planet. The spacecraft also had other instruments to study the atmosphere of Mars.

The total cost of the Mariner 4 mission is estimated at $83.2 million. Total research, development, launch, and support costs for the Mariner series of spacecraft (Mariners 1 through 10) was approximately $554 million.


Mario Lemieux

Mario Lemieux, OC, (born October 5, 1965 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He is considered to be one of the best players of all time. He played 17 seasons as a forward with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League from 1984-2006. He currently co-owns both the Pittsburgh Penguins and their farm team, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1997. He was also inducted into the Canada's Walk of Fame in 2004.

Gordie Howe

Gordie Howe, OC (March 31, 1928 – June 10, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Hartford Whalers of the National Hockey League, and the Houston Aeros and the New England Whalers in the World Hockey Association. Howe was often known as Mr. Hockey, and was considered to be one of the best hockey players ever. He was born in Floral, Saskatchewan.

On October 26, 2014, Howe suffered a serious stroke. On December 2, 2014, Howe had another stroke and was taken to a hospital and was placed in ICU. He died on June 10, 2016 at his son's home in Sylvania, Ohio from complications of the stroke he suffered a year ago, aged 88.


Soviet Championship League

The Soviet Championship League was the top level ice hockey league in the Soviet Union from 1946-1992.

Russian Superleague

The Russian Superleague was the top level ice hockey league in Russia from 1992 to 2008. It was known as the International Hockey League from 1992 to 1996.



Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League

The Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League was the top level of ice hockey in Czechoslovakia from 1930 until the breakup of Czechoslovakia in 1993. It was replaced by the Slovak Extraliga in Slovakia, and the Czech Extraliga in the Czech Republic.


Myxozoa

The Myxozoa are a group of parasitic animals of aquatic environments. Some of them, such as "Myxobolus cerebralis", are important parasites of fishes that people eat.

Over 1300 species have been described and many have a two-host life cycle, involving a fish and an annelid worm or bryozoan.

They were once considered as parasitic protozoa, but are now known to be members of the phylum Cnidaria. Analysis of 50 coding genes from "Buddenbrockia" showed the Myxozoa were severely modified members of the Cnidaria.

Similarities between myxozoan 'polar capsules' and cnidarian nematocysts (stinging cells) had been known for a long time, but previously were thought to be the result of convergent evolution.

Pederpes

Pederpes is an extinct genus of early Carboniferous tetrapod, dating from the lower Mississippian, 348-347.6 million years ago (mya). "Pederpes" contains one species, "P. finneyae", 1 m long. A single fossil was found in East Kirton quarry, West Lothian, Scotland, in early Carboniferous rocks. It is the first (and only) known near-complete skeleton of a tetrapod from the earliest Carboniferous. It lacks only the tail and some digits.

"Pederpes" had a large, somewhat triangular head, similar to that of later American "Whatcheeria". This specimen shows the earliest example of a foot adapted for walking on land. The feet look like the feet of later, more terrestrially adapted Carboniferous forms. "Pederpes" is therefore the earliest known tetrapod that walked on land.

It fits in the middle of the a gap in the fossil record which separates the aquatic Devonian tetrapods from the terrestrial ones of the mid-Carboniferous.

"Pederpes" was discovered in 1971 in central Scotland and classified as a lobe-finned fish. The type specimen was a nearly complete, articulated skeleton (bones still connected). Only the tail and some bones of the skull and limbs were missing. It was not until 2002 that Jennifer Clack named and reclassified the fossil as a primitive tetrapod.

"Pederpes" is of uncertain relationship to other tetrapod families. While undoubtedly amphibian in life mode, "Pederpes" is not considered an amphibian in the meaning of modern amphibians. It is a very basal (primitive) tetrapod.

"Pederpes" is an important fossil because it comes from the period of time known as Romer's gap, a 20 million year gap in the sequence of tetrapod fossils. It is therefore a transitional fossil, and gives biologists rare information about the development of tetrapods in a time when terrestrial life was scarce.

"Pederpes" was 1 metre long, estimating the tail as one-third of the body length. This is average-sized for an early tetrapod.

The shape of the skull and the fact that the feet face forward rather than outward. This shows that "Pederpes" was well adapted to life on land. It is the earliest known fully terrestrial animal, although the structure of the ear shows that its hearing was still much more functional underwater than on land. It may have spent much of its time in the water and could have hunted there.

The narrow skull suggests that "Pederpes" breathed by inhaling with a muscular action like most modern tetrapods, rather than by pumping air into the lungs with a throat pouch the way modern amphibians usually do.

Yolanda Saldívar

Yolanda Saldívar (born September 19, 1960) is an American murderer. She was convicted of Selena's murder in March 1995. Saldívar is currently serving a life sentence in a Texas jail. She will be eligible for parole in 2025.

Saldívar was a registered nurse who met with Selena after a concert in 1991. They became friends quickly and Selena offered her a job as her fan club's president and another job, at her boutique (Selena Etc.)

On March 31, 1995, Saldívar and Selena met at a hotel room in Corpus Christi, Texas. Selena was there to get some missing documents that Saldívar stole from her. Saldívar claimed she was raped and needed Selena's help. Selena drove Saldívar to the hospital where doctors told Selena that Saldívar was "not" raped. They drove back to the hotel. Selena asked for the documents one last time. When Selena went to close the door, Saldivar took a gun from her purse and held Selena at gunpoint. In order to stop her from closing the door, she pulled the trigger and shot Selena in the back. Selena ran to the hotel lobby where she fell. Staff called 9-1-1. Selena was taken to a local hospital, but was declared dead. Saldivar went to her pickup truck and threatened suicide, but gave herself up after nine hours.

Saldívar's trial for the murder of Selena was followed by the Hispanic community in the United States. She was convicted and sentenced to life in prison soon after. It is believed that Saldívar will never leave prison in her lifetime because of the impact of her crime and the many death threats she has received if she were to ever make parole in 2025 

Saldívar was portrayed by Lupe Ontiveros in the movie "Selena", and by Natasha Perez in the Netflix original series ".

Candlelight vigil

A candlelight vigil is where a group of people mourn the loss of someone who was close to them. These events are usually held at sunset. Many vigils can be for someone who recently died and are remembered with silence and a candle burning.


Univision

Univisión is one of the largest Hispanic television channels in the United States.

It was founded by the largest media company in Mexico (now known as Grupo Televisa) as a means to spread Spanish programming in the United States. Univision has grown to be the largest Spanish-language media outlet in the U.S. Its daily news program "Noticiero Univisión", co-anchored by Jorge Ramos and María Elena Salinas, has in several occasions outdone (in number of ratings) major English-language network evening news programming such as CBS, NBC, and ABC's World News Tonight.

Univisión and Telemundo USA have been competing for the top spot among Hispanic viewers for many years, often imitating each other's programming.

Univisión headquarters are based in Los Angeles, although much of its programming is filmed in Miami. Among its shows are "El Show De Cristina" (talkshow hosted by Cristina Saralegui), Don Francisco's "Sábado Gigante", "Despierta América" (morning show), "Primer Impacto" (newsmagazine), "Aquí y Ahora" (premier investigative nightly newsmagazine), and "Noticiero Univisión" (news program conducted by Jorge Ramos and Maria Elena Salinas).

In 2013, Univision and ABC News announced that they were to become partners and will form a new channel called Fusion. Fusion will show English news for Hispanic audiences. The channel began broadcasting on October 28, 2013.


Lake Jackson, Texas

Lake Jackson is a city in Brazoria County, Texas. As of the 2020 census the city population was 28,177.

Lake Jackson is named after an oxbow lake of the same name. The city is the birthplace of famous Tejano superstar, Selena, rock musician Casey McPherson, and hometown of country music singers Cole Deggs and Shade Deggs of the group Cole Deggs & The Lonesome. The city has also long been the hometown of Ron Paul, the Congressman who represents Texas' 14th Congressional District.


Quinceañera

The Quinceañera is a young Latina woman's celebration of her fifteenth birthday, which is celebrated in a specific and different way from her other birthdays. It is the same as the English version of a Sweet Sixteen.

The celebration begins with a Thanksgiving Mass, in which the quinceañera arrives in formal dress, accompanied by her parents, godparents, seven maids of honor and seven chamberlains. After the Mass, the younger sisters, female cousins and friends of the quinceañera pass out party favors, and the quinceañera leaves her bouquet in an altar to the Virgin Mary. The Mass is followed by a party at either the quinceañera's home or in a banquet hall rented for the occasion.

It is also practiced particularly in Mexico.

High school diploma

A high school diploma is awarded for anyone who completed their high school credits. In the United States, it is considered the minimum education required for government jobs and higher education.

Additionally, a high school diploma also serves as an important step in personal and professional development. Beyond formal qualifications, it represents a fundamental level of knowledge and skills that can significantly helps to find employment prospects and overall life chances.

It opens the door to a variety of career paths and provides individuals with the tools they need to become more active in their communities and make informed decisions about their future plans. 


The American School of Correspondence

The American School of Correspondence is an American distance education high school in Lansing, Illinois. It was founded in 1897, and is accredited. The school has about 50,000 students. The American School offers its own high school diploma.

The school was in the Hyde Park, Chicago, neighborhood from 1912 to 1996. Then it moved to south suburban Lansing.

The American School is a non-public secondary school and offers its own diploma. It is not a GED program. High school students can complete four years' worth of credits at their own pace, often taking less time than in a traditional high school. All exams in the more than 70 courses offered are hand graded by a qualified staff of full-time and part-time instructors. Additionally, the school works with thousands of public, private, and parochial schools throughout the United States to offer distance learning courses to students who have fallen behind in credits, or are working at a faster rate. The credits for these correspondence courses are then transferred to the student's high school.



Rick Trevi

Rick Trevino (born on June 15, 1971 in Houston, Texas) is a Mexican-American country music singer. His first country music hit was in 1993 with "Just Enough Rope" from his self-titled second album. This was followed with "Honky Tonk Crowd," "She Can't Say I Didn't Cry," "Doctor Time," and "Bobbie Ann Mason." He has also charted with "Learning as You Go," "Runnin' Out of Reasons to Run," and "I Only Get This Way With You."

Rick has played with Tejano greats such as Freddie Fender and Flaco Jiminez, and was a member of the band, Los Super 7. His upcoming album includes the track "Better in Texas".


SBK Records

SBK Records is a record label started in the late 1980s. It was a sub-division of EMI Records.

Stephen Swid, Martin Bandier and Charles Koppelman formed the production company for a reported $295 million. The label had several hits with Vanilla Ice, Jon Secada, Wilson Phillips, Technotronic and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. 

SBK Records shut down in 1995 after the murder of Selena. SBK Records signed her for a crossover deal.


Spokesperson

A spokesman (spokesperson or spokeswoman), or spokesmodel is a person who speaks on behalf of others, but is understood not to be necessarily part of the others (e.g. hired to represent the others). 

A spokesperson's job is to faithfully (with good intentions) represent and promote for how the organization will run, even if he/she doesn't agree with the organization's opinions. Because of this, spokespeople are normally people who are highly experienced employees, or people who have been supporting the organization's goals for a long time.

Elopement (marriage)

An elopement is a marriage done in secret or private. Elopement may be an alternative to a large expensive wedding. It may also be illegal or against religious customs. In some parts of the world, Bali for example, elopement is the preferred form of marriage. Celebrities often elope to escape the paparazzi. 

La Carcacha

"La Carcacha" () is a song by American singer Selena. The music video became Selena's first music video, which was released in 1992. The song also helped Selena to tour in Mexico and reached within the top ten of "Billboard"s Hot Latin Tracks chart.

Music venue

A music venue is any location of a music performance. In the music industry, it is common to refer to concert sites as venues, especially among touring acts.

Duet

A duet is a musical composition for two performers, most often used for a vocal or piano duet. For other instruments, the word duo is often used. 

The word "duet" is used in any of the following ways:

Álvaro Torres

Álvaro Germán Ibarra Torres (born April 9, 1954) is a Salvadoran singer-songwriter. He is known for singing a duet with American singer Selena for the song "Buenos Amigos" in 1991. The song peaked at number-one on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart.


Hot Latin Tracks

Hot Latin Tracks is a record chart published by "Billboard" magazine. The chart is based on Spanish-language songs airplay in the United States. English-language songs are allowed to peak within the chart, if a Hispanic singer had recorded it.


Dos Mujeres, Un Camino

Dos Mujeres, un Camino is a 1993 telenovela that was produced in Mexico by Televisa. It was one of that network's most seen soap operas ever. The story centers a Mexican truck driver working for his family. He falls in love with a woman on the road. His complicated life and consequence for his new love is also in the story.

The show had the highest ratings when it had aired. 


Premio Lo Nuestro

Lo Nuestro is an awards show for Latin music. It is produced by television network Univision. The awards began in 1989. Artists with awards are Celia Cruz, Gloria Estefan, Juan Gabriel, Juanes, Luis Miguel, Maná, RBD, Selena, Shakira and Thalía. 

The artist with the most Premios Lo Nuestro awards is Puerto Rican singer Olga Tañón.

In addition to categories for different genres of music, the honors include "Premio Lo Nuestro a la Excelencia", (literally, The "Ours" award for Excellence), a career or lifetime achievement award. The following list are past years recipients.



Broadcast Music, Inc.

Broadcast Music Incorporated or BMI is an organization to protect music rights in the communications business. It was founded by ASCAP, who were boycotting radio at the time (1944). Both BMI and ASCAP, as well as other organizations like SESAC monitor performances of the music to which they control the rights. BMI has historically been more open to composers of rock and roll, jazz, folk music, blues, and country music who sing and play their own music.

In 2013, BMI made $944 million and gave $814 million to its songwriters.



Barrio Boyzz

The Barrio Boyzz were a Puerto Rican boy band. The group was founded in New York City by Joe Jacket (of New Kids on The Block). They were signed to SBK Records in 1991. They also starred in the 1994 movie "I Like It Like That". Their duet with American singer Selena called "Donde Quiera Que Estés" peaked at number-one on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks in 1994. The band disbanded in 2001.


Don Juan DeMarco

Don Juan DeMarco is a 1995 movie starring Johnny Depp. It was released to theaters by Warner Bros.

John Arnold DeMarco (Johnny Depp) believes himself to be Don Juan, the greatest lover in the world. Clad in a cape and eye-mask, he undergoes psychiatric treatment with Marlon Brando's character to cure him of his apparent disillusionment with his identity. But the psychiatric sessions have an unexpected effect on his psychiatrist, whose relationship with his wife, played by Faye Dunaway, is also affected.

Selena made a brief cameo appearance as a Mariachi singer. A hit single for Bryan Adams, "Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?", is the cornerstone of the soundtrack.



Joggins

Joggins, Nova Scotia, Canada, is famous for its fossils dating to the Pennsylvanian 'Coal Age' of Earth history. On July 7, 2008 a 15 km length of the coast comprising the Joggins Fossil Cliffs was officially inscribed on the World Heritage List.

The dating of this site has been debated, with dates from 320 million years ago (mya) to 305 mya being suggested. It is now settled as 314.5–313.4 mya +/- 1.1 million years.

The dramatic coastal exposure of the Coal Age rocks, known as the Joggins Fossil Cliffs, are continually hewn and freshly exposed by the actions of the tides in the Cumberland Basin. Geologists were first attracted to this locality in the late 1820s. A little later, the first student party studied Joggins in 1835

However, the true fame of Joggins dates from the visits in 1842 and 1852 by Charles Lyell, the founder of modern geology and author of "Principles of Geology". In his "Elements of Geology" (1871), Lyell called the Joggins exposure of Coal Age rocks and fossils "the finest example in the world". The fossil record at Joggins figures in Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species", and played a role in the 1860 Oxford evolution debate between Thomas Huxley and Bishop Wilberforce.

Much of the early work to document the fossil record at Joggins was by Nova Scotian geologist William Dawson (1820–1899), who had a close personal and working relationship with his friend and mentor Charles Lyell. Much of Dawson's collection is in the Redpath Museum of McGill University.

In 1852 Lyell and Dawson made a celebrated discovery of tetrapod fossils entombed within an upright tree at Coal Mine Point. Subsequent investigations by Dawson led to the discovery of one of the most important fossils in the history of science, "Hylonomus lyelli", which remains the earliest known reptile in the history of life, but not the earliest known amniote. In 2002, "Hylonomus lyelli" was named the provincial fossil of Nova Scotia.

Trackways are preserved at the Joggins Fossil Cliffs. The tree-like lycopod "Sigillaria" is preserved "in situ".

There has been a surge in interest in Joggins over the past 20 years. A thesis by Mike Rygel significantly advanced understanding of the site's history, stratigraphy, sedimentology and biota after the century of neglect which followed Dawson's death in 1899.

A vital early tetrapod fossil has been found here, the earliest synapsid, "Protoclepsydrops", which is actually earlier than "Hylonomus".

In 2007, a 15 km length of the coast comprising the Joggins Fossil Cliffs was nominated by Canada to UNESCO as a natural World Heritage Site. It was officially inscribed on the World Heritage List in on July 7, 2008.

Josh Duhamel

Joshua David "Josh" Duhamel (born November 14, 1972) is an American actor and former fashion model. He is well known for his role in the movie "Transformers". From 2009 to 2017, he was married to singer Fergie.

Duhamel was born in Minot, North Dakota. His mother, Bonnie L. Kemper, is a massage therapist, and his father, Larry Duhamel, is an advertising salesman. He is of French-Canadian, Irish, English, German, and Norwegian ancestry. Duhamel was raised Catholic.

Duhamel married singer Fergie on January 10, 2009. Their son, Axl Jack Duhamel, was born on August 29, 2013. In September 2017, the pair announced their divorce.


Volkswagen Scirocco

The Volkswagen Scirocco is a car produced by Volkswagen from 1974 to 1992 and again from 2008 to 2017. The Scirocco is a sports coupé with 3 doors and a 4-cylinder petrol or diesel engine.

Tetrapodomorph

Tetrapodomorpha is a clade of vertebrates. It is a subclass of the Sarcopterygii which includes tetrapods (four-limbed vertebrates) and their closest relatives. 

Advanced transitional fossils between fish and the early labyrinthodonts, like "Tiktaalik", are informally called 'fishapods' by their discoverers. They are half-fish half-tetrapods, in appearance and limb morphology. 

Tetrapodomorpha contains 

Among the characters defining tetrapodomorphs are modifications to the fins, notably a humerus with convex head articulating with the glenoid fossa (the socket of the shoulder joint).

Tetrapodomorph fossils are known from the early Devonian onwards, and include "Eusthenopteron", "Osteolepis", "Panderichthys", "Tiktaalik", "Ventastega" and "Kenichthys".

The fossils of the early Mississippian, "Pederpes" and "Whatcheeria" are regarded as early tetrapods whose relationships are not yet clear.


National League (ice hockey)

The National League A is a professional ice hockey league in Switzerland. Before the 2007-08 season, it was known as the Nationalliga A.

Swiss National Championship Serie A (1909-1937)
Swiss International Championship Serie A (1916-1933)

Shoulder

The human shoulder is made up of three bones: the clavicle (collarbone), the scapula (shoulder blade), and the humerus (upper arm bone) as well as muscles, ligaments and tendons. 

The articulations (surfaces) between the bones of the shoulder make up the shoulder joints. The shoulder joint is the part of the body where the humerus attaches to the scapula, the head sitting in the glenoid fossa. The shoulder as a whole is the complete group of structures in the region of the joint.

There are two kinds of cartilage in the joint. The first type is the white cartilage on the ends of the bones (called articular cartilage) which allows the bones to glide and move on each other. When this type of cartilage starts to wear out (a process called arthritis), the joint becomes painful and stiff. 

The labrum is a second kind of cartilage in the shoulder which is distinctly different from the articular cartilage. This cartilage is more fibrous or rigid than the cartilage on the ends of the ball and socket. Also, this cartilage is also found only around the socket where it is attached.

The shoulder must be mobile enough for the wide range actions of the arms and hands, but also stable enough to allow for actions such as lifting, pushing and pulling. The compromise between mobility and stability results in many shoulder problems not faced by other joints such as the hip.

1941–42 NHL season

The 1941–42 NHL season was the 25th season of the National Hockey League. Seven teams played 48 games each. The Toronto Maple Leafs would win the Stanley Cup defeating the Detroit Red Wings winning four straight after losing the first three in a best-of-seven series, a feat only repeated twice in NHL history as of the 2010 season.

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
"Note: all dates in 1942"

Boston Bruins vs. Chicago Black Hawks
"Boston wins best-of-three series 2–1"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Detroit wins best-of-three series 2–1"

New York Rangers vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Boston Bruins vs. Detroit Red Wings
"Detroit wins best-of-three series 2–0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Detroit Red Wings
"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4–3"


1942–43 NHL season

The 1942–43 NHL season was the 26th season of the National Hockey League NHL). Six teams played 50 games each. This is the first season of the "Original Six" era of the NHL. The league's long-time president Frank Calder died due to heart disease. The Detroit Red Wings defeated the Boston Bruins to win the Stanley Cup.

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"


Wilfred Owen

Wilfred Edward Salty Owen MC (18 March 1893 – 4 November 1918) was an English poet and soldier, one of the leading poets of the First World War.

Owen was born in Shropshire, and had three siblings; two brothers and a sister. When he was very small, the family moved to Birkenhead, where he went to school. Later, he attended Shrewsbury Technical School. Although he passed the exams necessary to go to university, he was unable to go because his parents could not afford the fees. Before the war, he worked as an assistant to a vicar, and then went to France to teach English to the children of a French family. About a year after war broke out, he joined the army as a junior officer, and was eventually sent back to France with the Manchester Regiment in 1916.

Conditions for troops on the Western Front were very harsh, and Owen suffered several bad experiences that led to him being considered unfit to continue fighting. He was sent to Craiglockhart War Hospital in Edinburgh for treatment by a psychiatrist. While there, he wrote poetry, and became editor of the hospital magazine, which was called "The Hydra". Soon afterwards, a better-known poet called Siegfried Sassoon arrived at the hospital as a patient, and the two became great friends. Sassoon helped Owen to improve his writing, and introduced him to other writers and publishers. Although Sassoon had made a public protest against the war, he quickly grew tired of life at the hospital, and went back to France to continue fighting. In the meantime, Owen was given a job in the Northern Command Depot at Ripon, where he did not have to do any fighting.

When Owen was considered to be well enough to return to fighting, his friends were very worried about him. He spent an afternoon with Siegfried Sassoon, who had been sent home after being seriously wounded; Sassoon tried to persuade Owen not to go back, but Owen had little choice. He returned to France in July 1918.

Perhaps because he had previously been accused of being a coward, Owen was determined to show what a good soldier he could be. On 1 October 1918 he led his men in an attack near the village of Joncourt, and his bravery was recognised by his being awarded the Military Cross. However, shortly afterwards, while trying to cross the Sambre canal with his men, he was killed. He died at the age of 25, only a week before the end of the war.

Owen never married, and is thought to have been homosexual, although there is no surviving evidence to prove this.

Two of his most famous poems are "Anthem for Doomed Youth" and "Dulce et decorum est", which borrows a phrase from Horace.

World Cup of Hockey

The World Cup of Hockey is an international ice hockey tournament, and is the successor to the Canada Cup, which was held from 1976 to 1991. The World Cup of Hockey has been held twice, in 1996 and 2004.

Pop icon

Pop icon is a celebrity whose popularity stays the same or even increases as time goes by.

Most pop icons achieve their status through death, typically at a young age. The worship of pop icons is due only in part to their actual accomplishments. Some of the most notable pop icons are Whitney Houston, James Dean, Michael Jackson, John F. Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe, and Elvis Presley.

Death nearly always increases the fame of a pop icon. Many people respect the dead. Others feel a close personal connection with the dead icon and want to remember the celebrity. Death also increases any value of all items that belonged to the pop icon.




Canada Cup

The Canada Cup was an international ice hockey tournament that was held five times from 1976 to 1991. Canada won the Cup four out of five times, and the Soviet Union won it once.


Donna Summer

Donna Adrian Gaines (December 31, 1948 – May 17, 2012), known by her stage name Donna Summer, was an American singer-songwriter. She was an African American Christian who was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts. She became famous during the disco era in the 1970s and became a pop icon. She died of lung cancer in Englewood, Florida. In 1982 she released a single with Michael Jackson, Lionel Richie, and Stevie Wonder called "State of Independence". She became known for songs like "Hot Stuff", "Last Dance", and "She Works Hard for the Money".

In 1974, Summer married Helmuth Sommer (which led to her stage name Summer) but divorced him two years later. She married Bruce Sudano in 1990 and had two children with him.


Drug Abuse Resistance Education

Drug Abuse Resistance Education, better known as DARE or D.A.R.E., is an educational program for elementary students. Students who enter the program sign a pledge to never use illegal drugs and attend a series of speeches for seventeen weeks provided by local law enforcement warning of the dangers of drug abuse.


Fundraising

Fundraising is the process of raising money for charities. Charities may use these to continue providing free after school activities for children, raise money for a cure and help elders and other patients with low income.

This may be achieved in many ways.

Some ways include:


Life imprisonment

Life imprisonment is a term used for a sentence of imprisonment. The effect of such a sentence is different in each jurisdiction. Life in prison is known by others as a humane alternative to the death penalty for the most serious crimes such as murder, terrorism, etc. A formerly used form of life imprisonment was Immurement.

In some cases, a person with a life sentence can leave prison on parole after a number of years. In the United States, this is usually 15 to 25 years. However, the person must convince a court or parole board that they will not commit more crimes. If a person leaves on parole, they are not completely free, and they have some restrictions. 

In other cases, the court may decide that the person should never leave prison, which is called life without parole. This sentence is used for even more serious crimes. 


Gregory Nava

Gregory James Nava is an American movie director. Nava was born on April 10, 1949 in San Diego, California. He won several awards for his movies.



People en Español

People en Espanol is a Spanish-language magazine published by Time Warner, Inc. that debuted in 1996 out of the success of the Selena tribute issue. As of 2006, it was the Spanish-language magazine of largest readership in the United States, reaching 4.2 million readers with each issue.


Golden Eagle Award

Golden Eagle Award () is a Russian national award for movies and TV series, run by the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts since 2002. It like the Academy Awards and gives out in 20 nominations each January. The ceremony is held at the Mosfilm studios, where some of the most acclaimed Soviet features were filmed.

American Bank Center

The American Bank Center is a convention center and 8,156-seat arena in Corpus Christi, Texas. The center is host to many conventions, concerts, performances, and sporting events. The arena is home to the Corpus Christi Rayz ice hockey team, as well as the Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi Islanders men's and women's basketball teams. As well as the convention facilities and arena, the American Bank Center also features the Selena Auditorium, named after Selena. The American Bank Center is in Corpus Christi's Bayfront Arts and Science Park.


Selena Forever

Selena Forever is a musical. It is about American singer Selena's life. It stars Veronica Vazquez as "Selena". The musical is based on the movie "Selena".



Murder of Selena

The murder of American singer Selena Quintanilla happened on March 31, 1995. Fans were saddened when the news of her death was released by the media. She was shot dead by Yolanda Saldivar. Saldivar was an employee and manager for Selena's boutiques and fan club and was found to have been embezzling money.

Selena did not believe her best friend could do something like that and tried to maintain their friendship. However, by March, 1995 Saldivar and Selena's friendship had begun to crumble. Selena and her husband Chris Pérez visited Saldívar on 30 March 1995 to get the documents that she had stolen. Saldívar did not give Selena all the documents. On the morning of 31 March 1995, Selena met up with Saldívar to collect paperwork and missing documents for tax preparations. At the hotel, Selena demanded that Saldívar give her the missing financial papers. Saldívar then claimed that she was raped in Mexico. Selena took her to a local hospital where doctors found that Saldívar was lying. This made Selena decide to end her friendship with Saldívar. When Selena went to close the door, Saldivar took a gun from her purse and held Selena at gunpoint. In order to stop her from closing the door, she pulled the trigger and shot Selena in the back. Selena was taken to a local hospital, but was declared dead. Saldivar went to her pickup truck and threatened suicide, but gave herself up after nine hours.

Saldivar pleaded not guilty to the charge of murder, claiming that the shooting was an accident. However, she was found guilty by jury and sentenced to life in prison with eligibility for parole in 2025. A lot of tributes were done throughout the United States and Mexico. Two life-sized statues were made in her honor. A 1997 movie was produced by Warner Bros.. It starred Jennifer Lopez as her breakthrough role.

Selena's death has been compared to those of Elvis Presley and John Lennon. Selena's death was called "Black Friday" by some Texans. George W. Bush declared April 16 as "Selena Day" in Texas. The event has gone on to become known as one of the darkest days in music history and helped to increase Selena's popularity in the United States.

After Selena won a Grammy Award "Selena Live!" (1993), Selena opened Selena Etc. The boutiques had a beauty salon built inside. The boutiques were also a place where fans could buy merchandise made by Selena herself and official clothing. Selena hired Yolanda Saldivar as the registered agent for the San Antonio boutique. Saldivar became the manager for the Corpus Christi boutique. Selena's family believed that Saldivar was the best choice because Saldivar was boosting membership at the fan club. The fan club eventually became one of San Antonio's largest clubs in history. Saldivar believed that she could help Selena further if she moved closer to her. Saldivar moved from south San Antonio to Corpus Christi after she became manager of Selena Etc.

In Saldivar's room there were posters of Selena on the wall. Saldivar also had many pictures of Selena and a burning candle for Selena. When guests would arrive, Saldivar would entertain them with video tapes of Selena performing. During an interview with the "Dallas Morning News" in 1995, interviewers believed that Saldivar seemed very obsessive. Over time, Saldivar complained to staff members that she would like "to be just like Selena". Around this time, Selena gave Saldivar her American Express card for business purposes. With this, Saldivar rented luxurious cars and limousines. She also traveled to and from Mexico. Saldivar also used the card to take personal friends to fancy restaurants.

When Saldivar became a business associate, her friendship with Selena began to worsen. Staff members began complaining about Saldivar to Selena. Selena didn't believe that her "friend" would hurt her or her business. Staff members then told Selena's father Abraham Quintanilla Jr. Quintanilla Jr then stepped in and reminded Selena that Saldivar could be a bad influence. Selena told her father that he thinks everyone is a bad person.

Selena's cousin, Debra Ramirez, was hired in 1995. Ramirez's job was to help Selena expand her business into Mexico. However, she quit in a week. Ramirez told Saldivar that she felt unhappy. She also did not like the way other staff members reported sales information. Saldivar then told her that it was not any of her business and that she would take care of it soon. Martin Gomez, a fashion designer for Selena, did not get along with Saldivar either. He and Saldivar argued all the time. Gomez complained that Saldivar was badly managing the boutiques. Gomez also complained that Saldivar destroyed some of his works. He also complained about Saldivar's way of paying bills. He stated that Saldivar did not pay any bills. Gomez tried to tell Selena that Saldivar was "bad news". However, Selena told Gomez that she felt he was exaggerating.

When Saldivar visited seamstresses in Mexico, Saldivar made them feel that they had to work with her or that Selena would fire them. A week later, Saldivar asked employees to help fund a special gift for Selena. Saldivar asked Philip Randolph to create a diamond egg-shaped ring. Selena had collected fabergé eggs since she was a little girl. Randolph noticed that Saldivar did not want Selena to know about anything that she had bought. He also noticed that Saldivar did not want Selena to know the cost of the items she had bought.

In December 1994, the two boutiques began to suffer. Staff members had shrunk from 38 to 14 employees. This was because Saldivar fired anyone who she did not like. In January 1995, Quintanilla Jr began receiving phone calls from angry Selena fans. They called Quintanilla Jr because they sent in their payments for the fan club and did not get anything. Within a week, Quintanilla Jr found vellum envelopes with checks signed by Saldivar. With the information gathered, Quintanilla Jr believed Saldivar was stealing money from the fan club and from Selena Etc.

On March 9, 1995, Quintanilla Jr, Selena's sister Suzette Quintanilla held a meeting with Selena and Saldivar. Quintanilla Jr asked Saldivar "where'd the money go?" but Saldivar just stared at him and gave no response. When Quintanilla Jr told Saldívar that he was going to get the police involved. Saldivar abruptly got up and left the meeting. The next morning, Saldivar showed up at Q-Productions. Eddie Quintanilla, Selena's uncle, called Quintanilla Jr. Quintanilla Jr then told Saldivar that she was no longer allowed to be there.

The same day, Saldivar and Selena had an argument over the phone. Selena told her husband Chris Perez that Saldivar could not be trusted anymore. However, Selena did not want to lose her friendship with Saldivar. Selena believed that Saldivar could help her expand her business into Mexico. Selena also needed the missing documents and bank statements, which Saldivar had stolen, for tax purposes. The day after Saldivar was banned from Q-Productions, she bought a hand gun. She told the clerk that she was an in-house nurse for terminally ill patients. She also told the clerk that a patient's family member had threatened her life. Saldivar said she needed protection.

Two days later, Selena asked Saldivar to come with her on a tour of Monterrey, Mexico. Saldivar then returned the hand gun to the gun shop. She told the clerk that her father had given her a pistol. When Selena and Saldivar came back, Selena began asking Saldivar for the missing documents. Saldivar then bought the gun back. Within a week, Saldivar's name was removed from anything that had to do with Selena Etc. Irene Herrera replaced Saldivar as fan club president. On March 26, 1995, Saldivar stole perfume samples that Selena needed and more bank statements in Mexico.

At midnight on March 30, 1995, Selena and Perez drove to Saldivar's motel room. Perez waited for Selena by his pick-up truck. Selena went inside Saldivar's motel room. Selena asked for the documents that she needed for taxes. Saldivar gave her some of the missing documents, but when Selena and Perez arrived back home Selena noticed that Saldivar did not give her everything needed. At the motel Selena demanded the financial papers at which point Saldivar called Selena and asked her to come back to her motel room, alone. Selena was met by Perez who told her that it was too late. Selena then told Saldivar that she would see her the next morning without Perez's knowledge.

On the morning of March 31, Selena drove to Saldivar's motel room. When she arrived, Selena asked for the missing documents. Saldivar delayed and told Selena that she had been raped in Mexico by a gang member. Selena felt bad and took her to a local hospital. There, a doctor and nurse checked to see for any signs of rape. When they were finished, the doctor and nurse took Selena aside and told her that Saldivar was making the whole thing up. Selena, now frustrated, took Saldivar back to her motel room and asked once again for the missing documents. Saldivar began to argue with Selena. A complaint was made from the next room asking the two ladies to stop arguing. Around this time, Selena removed the ring Saldivar had bought her. Selena announced that she could no longer trust Saldivar and Selena tried to leave.

At 11:49 am, Saldivar took a pistol out of her purse. As Selena turned around, Saldivar shot her in the back. The gunshot instantly damaged a major artery near Selena's heart. Selena ran out of the motel room and screamed "Help me! help me! help me!" Saldivar chased after Selena and called her a "bitch". Saldivar was attempting to shoot Selena again, but decided to flee back to the motel room.

Selena ran 392 feet to the motel lobby. She left behind a trail of blood. Selena fell to the floor and asked the clerk to lock the doors, saying "she's going to shoot me again". The staff tried to comfort Selena to get answers on what had happened. A staff member called 9-1-1. Someone in the lobby recognized Selena and screamed "that's Selena!" Selena gave the room number where she had been shot. The information was then given to the local police. By this time an employee noticed that Selena began fading away. He noticed that there was little moaning and moving from Selena.

The ambulance arrived in less than one minute. They ripped off the top portion of Selena's jogging suit. They then put a Vaseline gauze on Selena's wound, which stopped the internal bleeding. At this time, Selena's heartbeat was very slow. A paramedic began CPR so that blood could get to Selena's brain and heart.

Saldivar entered her pickup truck and tried to leave the parking lot of the motel. However, a police officer was already heading that way. The police officer saw Saldivar's car. Saldivar then reversed and parked her car between two cars. The police then blocked the car from leaving the spot. The police came out and ordered Saldivar to freeze, at which point she then put the pistol to her right temple. More police officers tried to get Saldivar to give herself up. They then called the FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit and SWAT team.

Around this time, a paramedic tried to start an IV on Selena. However, because Selena lost so much blood, her veins collapsed. This made it very hard to insert an IV. The paramedic then called Memorial Hospital to tell them that they have a shooting victim and that they could not insert an IV.

Navigation Boulevard was shut down by local police as they investigated the crime scene. At noon, the paramedics arrived at the hospital. Doctors and nurses tried to revive Selena. When they opened her chest, they found there was no blood at all. They gave a blood transfusion. Selena was a Jehovah's Witnesses and did not believe in blood transfusions, but Selena was unconscious and therefore unable to tell doctors her religion. After 50 minutes, doctors believed the damage was too severe and Selena was pronounced dead at 1:05 pm local time. They announced the cause as cardiac arrest and extensive bleeding. Selena was only two weeks away from her 24th birthday and two days away from her third anniversary to Chris Perez.

During the second hour, the FBI had communication with Saldivar. They tried to convince Saldivar to give herself up. One of the negotiators tried talking to Saldivar as if the shooting were an accident. Saldivar began believing that she did not mean to shoot Selena. She then stated that the pistol was meant for herself; she was going to commit suicide. She stated that the "gun went off". Around this time, a press conference was ordered. Assistant Police Chief Ken Bung and Selena's father, Abraham Quintanilla Jr, made an on-air announcement about the murder. Saldivar's name was still not being named in the media.

During the third hour, an autopsy was performed. This was because of the growing media interest. The autopsy revealed that the bullet entered Selena's lower back. It passed through Selena's chest cavity, which instantly damaged Selena's right subclavian artery. The bullet then exited the right upper chest. The autopsy also revealed that Selena's heart, fueled by adrenaline, pumped her blood out. The doctor said that if the bullet had hit Selena a millimeter higher or lower, the wound would not have been as severe.

During the fourth hour, Saldivar exclaimed that the gun was meant for herself. She also stated that when Selena tried to open the door, she asked her to leave the door closed. She said at that instant the gun went off. During the sixth hour, Saldivar agreed to give herself up. However, a police officer had a rifle. This caused Saldivar to panic and she went back to her truck. Saldivar gave herself up during the ninth hour. As police drove Saldivar away, fans cheered and cried tears of joy nearby.

MG 34

The "Maschinengewehr" 34, or MG 34, was a general-purpose machine gun. It was developed in Nazi Germany. It was first made and accepted in 1934. It was first given to soldiers in 1935. It fires the 7.92 x 57mm Mauser cartridge.

It was designed to be able to be a light machine gun and be able to do other things as well. This was an early example of a general-purpose machine gun. When it is being used as a light machine gun, a bipod can be attached to it. If it is being used for other things, it is put onto a tripod and is belt-fed. In a battle, the bipod version was used mostly. This turned the MG 34 into an infantry support weapon. Later, the MG 34 started to be used less for the MG 42.

The MG 34 was used as Germany's main machine gun in the 1930s. It stayed the main tank and anti-aircraft machine gun. It was supposed to be replaced by the MG 42. However, there were not enough MG 42s. The German Armed Forces still wanted the MG 34 to be made. It kept being made until the end of WWII in 1945. However, the German Armed Forces wanted more MG 34s than could be made.

The MG 34 was designed by Mauser Werke. It was based on the Solothurn 1930 (MG 30). The Solothurn was developed by Rheinmetall. It was starting to be used in Switzerland.

The MG 34 began being made right away. It was used in all parts of the German Armed Forces and even by the police. When it was first brought into service, it was the very first general-purpose machine gun. However, the MG 34 took a long time to make, and it was expensive and difficult to make. The Germans ended up using a weapon they could not afford. However, because so many were needed, it was still made.

Some MG 34s given to Chinese Nationalist forces were used during both World War II and the Chinese Civil War.

The MG 34 could use 7.9 mm cartridge from both magazines and belts.

The MG 34's barrel is designed to be replaced quickly to keep the gun cool. Changing the barrel took just a few seconds when done by a well trained gunner. However, when the barrel was being replaced, it was very hot. The gunner changing the barrel had to wear an asbestos glove to protect his hands while he was changing the barrel.

The MG 34 had a special trigger. It was split into two parts. It gave select fire. Pressing the upper part of the trigger made semi-automatic fire. Holding the lower part of the trigger made fully automatic fire.

When the MG 34 was being used as a light machine gun it was used with a bipod. It weighed just with its bipod.

The MG 34 broke easily if it was used in dirt or dust.

The MG 34 could be carried around by an infantry squad and be fired from a bipod. It could also be put onto a tripod to fire for a long time. It was kept cool by the air.

The MG 34/41 was the MG 34 used for anti-aircraft. It could only fire fully automatically. The length of the MG 34/41's barrel is .

The MG 34 "Panzerlauf" was the standard machine gun for tanks during World War II. To be used in a tank, the barrel of the MG 34 was covered with armour and the butt stock was removed.

The MG 81 machine gun was based on the MG 34. The MG 81 was used on aircraft. It got its ammunition from a belt and fired 7.9 mm rounds. There were never enough MG 34s made to make its users happpy. Even though the MG 81 was much better than the MG 15 and MG 17 used before it, they were still used until the end of the war.



Ramy Ayach

Ramy Ayach () is a Lebanese singer. He was born on August 18, 1980 in Baakleen, Lebanon. Ayach was born as the oldest child. He was raised in the mountains of Lebanon. He became aware of his music and started singing in public places. He then became one of the most popular Arabian singers in the Middle East.


Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (1996–2001)

The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (Pashto: د افغانستان اسلامي امارت, Da Afġānistān Islāmī Amārāt) is an Islamic state governed by the Taliban that is the de facto current government of Afghanistan since 2021, and has also ruled the country from 1996 to 2001.

Between 1996 and 2001, it controlled approximately 90% of the country as an insurgency, whereas remaining regions in the northeast were held by the Northern Alliance, which maintained broad international recognition as a continuation of the Islamic State of Afghanistan. After the September 11 attacks and subsequent declaration of a "War on Terrorism" by the United States, international opposition to the regime drastically increased, with diplomatic recognition from the United Arab Emirates and Pakistan being rescinded.

The Islamic Emirate was overthrown by the Northern Alliance on 17 December 2001, which had been bolstered by the ISAF coalition established after a U.S.-led invasion of the country two months prior. The Taliban has continued to refer to itself as the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in official communications from 2001 until 2021.

During the 2021 Taliban offensive, the Islamic Emirate regained effective control of the governance of Afghanistan following the Fall of Kabul on 15 August 2021.


Palestinian Jews

A Palestinian Jew is a Jewish inhabitant of Palestine (or Land of Israel) at various points in the region's history. Jews in Palestine before the establishment of the State of Israel are more commonly referred to as "Yishuv" (Jewish Community). A distinction is drawn between the "Old Yishuv," that is, the pre-existing Jews in the land of Israel, and the "New Yishuv," that is, the newly-arrived Jewish immigrants after the First Aliyah in 1881. After the modern State of Israel was born in 1948, native Jews in Palestine became citizens of Israel, and the term "Palestinian Jews" largely fell into disuse.

Christianity in Palestine

Some people who speak Arabic and live on the territory called Palestine today are Christians. These include Oriental Orthodoxy, Eastern Orthodoxy, Catholic (Eastern and Western rites), Protestant, and others. About half of them belong a branch of the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Greek Orthodox Church of Jerusalem.

Today, less that four percent of the Palestinian Arabs living inside the borders of Palestine are Christians. Many Arabs emigrated, mainly because of wars fought between Egypt, Israel and Jordan. There is also a pressure to join Islam. Surveys done by the British in 1922 and 1946 showed that in 1922, about 9.5% and in 1946 approximately 7.6% of the Palestinian Arabs were Christians.

Dalmatian pelican

The Dalmatian pelican ("Pelecanus crispus") is a large bird. It lives in wet places such as in swamps and shallow lakes. It can be found from southeastern Europe to Pakistan and China.

It is the largest member of the pelican family. The average length is 170–190 cm (67-75 inches) The average weight is 11–15 kg (24-33 lbs). The wings are around 3 m (10 ft) across. It is the world's heaviest flying bird on average. However, sometimes a few birds from another species may also be as large or larger.

Platyzoa

The Platyzoa ("flat animals") are a group of protostomes proposed by Thomas Cavalier-Smith in 1998. This is a taxon above the level of phylum, and is not part of the usual system of classification.

Cavalier-Smith included here the Platyhelminthes (flatworms), and a new phylum Acanthognatha, into which he gathered several previously described phyla of microscopic animals. Subsequent studies have supported Platyzoa as a viable clade, while differing on the phyla included and on relationships within Platyzoa.

Lophotrochozoa

The Lophotrochozoa ("crest-bearing animals") are a group of animals above the level of phylum. It is not part of the usual system of classification. They were recently discovered through molecular phylogeny. They include two of the most successful animal phyla, the Mollusca and Annelida. 

The Lophotrochozoa comprise two groups, the trochozoans and the Lophophorata. The exact relationships between the different phyla are not entirely certain. However, it seems that neither the lophophorates nor the trochozoa are monophyletic groups by themselves, but are mixed together.



Other phyla are included on the basis of molecular data.

French food

French food has influenced the style of cooking throughout Europe, and its chefs work in restaurants throughout the world.

The roots of modern "haute cuisine" lie in chefs like La Varenne (1615–1678) and the notable chef of Napoleon, Marie-Antoine Carême (1784–1833). These chefs developed a lighter style of food compared to the food of the Middle Ages. They used fewer spices, and more herbs and creamy ingredients.

Typical ingredients like roux and fish stock, and techniques such as marinading, and dishes such as ragout, were invented. Carême was an expert pâtissier (pastry-maker), and this is still a mark of French cooking. He developed basic sauces, his 'mother sauces'; he had over a hundred sauces in his repertoire, based on the half-dozen mother sauces.

French cooking was introduced in the 20th century by Georges Auguste Escoffier (1846–1935). He was a genius at organisation. He worked out how to run large restaurants, as in a big hotel or a palace: how the staff should be organised; how the menu was prepared. He had methods for everything. Escoffier managed the restaurants and cuisine at the Savoy Hotel and Carlton Hotel in London, the Hôtel Ritz Paris, and some of the greatest cruise ships of the day.

Escoffier's other main contribution was the publication of "Le Guide Culinaire" in 1903, which spread the understanding of French cookery. However, Escoffier left out much of the culinary character to be found in the regions of France.

Gastro-tourism and the "Guide Michelin" helped to acquaint people with the rich bourgeois and peasant cuisine of the French countryside in the 20th century. Gascon cuisine has also had great influence over the cuisine in the southwest of France. Many dishes that were once regional have proliferated in variations across the country. Cheese and wine are a major part of the cuisine, playing different roles regionally and nationally. In the north of France, people often prefer to use butter to cook. In the south, they prefer olive oil and garlic. In France, each region has its own special dish; choucroute in Alsace, quiche in Lorraine, cassoulet in the Languedoc-Roussillon, tapenade in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, bouillabaisse in Marseille.

In November 2010, French gastronomy was added by UNESCO to its lists of the world's 'intangible cultural heritage'.

Rock pool

Rock pools (or 'tide pools') are rocky pools by the sea. They are in the intertidal zone. They are filled with seawater during high tides, and exist as separate pools at low tide. 

Tide pools are habitats of uniquely adaptable animals that have engaged the special attention of naturalists and marine biologists.

Tide pools are a home for hardy organisms such as sea stars, mussels and clams. They must be able to cope with a constantly changing environment — fluctuations in water temperature, salinity, and oxygen content. Huge waves, strong currents, exposure to midday sun and predators are only a few of the hazards that rock pool animals must endure to survive.

Waves can dislodge mussels and draw them out to sea. Gulls pick up and drop sea urchins to break them open. Starfish prey on mussels and are eaten by gulls themselves. Even black bears sometimes feast on intertidal creatures at low tide. Although tide pool organisms must avoid getting washed away into the ocean, drying up in the sun, or getting eaten, they depend on the tide pool's constant changes for food.

The water level is always changing. Twice a day, the tide rises up the shore and then goes back again . When the tide starts to go back out, the upper shore is left exposed until the next high tide, 12 hours later. The rocks around the rock pool are covered by seaweed, a type of algae that thrives in the ocean.

This zone receives spray from wave action during high tides and storms. At other times the rocks experience other extreme conditions, baking in the sun or exposed to cold winds. Few organisms can survive such harsh conditions. Lichens and barnacles live in this region. In this zone, different barnacle species live at very tightly constrained elevations. Tidal conditions precisely determine the exact height of an assemblage relative to sea level.

Since the intertidal zone often desiccates when the tide is out, barnacles are well adapted to water loss. Their calcite shells are impermeable, and they possess two plates which they slide across their mouth opening when not feeding. These plates also protect against predation.
The high tide zone is flooded for hours during each high tide. Organisms must survive wave action, currents, and exposure to the sun. The high tide zone is inhabited by sea anemones, starfish, chitons, crabs, green algae, and mussels. Marine algae can provide shelter for such organisms as nudibranchs and hermit crabs. The same waves and currents that make the life in the high tide zone difficult bring food to the filter feeders and other intertidal animals.

This area is mostly submerged – it is exposed only during low tide. It is teeming with life. There is much more marine life, especially seaweed. There is greater biodiversity, but organisms in this zone are not well adapted to dryness and temperature extremes. Low tide zone organisms include abalone, sea anemones, brown seaweed, chitons, crabs, green algae, hydroids, isopods, limpets, mussels, nudibranchs, small fish, sea cucumber, kelp, sea stars, sea urchins, shrimp, snails, sponges, sea grass, tube worms, and whelks.

These creatures can grow to larger sizes because there is more available energy and better water coverage: The water is shallow enough to allow more light for photosynthetic activity, and the salinity is at almost normal levels. The area is still protected from large predators because of the wave action and relatively shallow water.

Sea anemone, such as "Anthopleura elegantissima", can clone to reproduce. The process is called longitudinal fission, in which the animal splits in two parts along its length.
Some species, such as "Anthopleura sola" can fight for territory. The white tentacles (acrorhagi) are for fighting. The acrorhagi contain stinging cells. The sea anemones sting each other repeatedly until one (usually) moves.

Some species of starfish have the ability to regenerate lost arms in time. Most species must retain an intact central part of the body to be able to regenerate, but a few can regrow from a single ray.The regeneration of these stars is possible because the vital organs are in the arms.

Sea palms look much as palm trees do. They live in the middle to upper intertidal zones in areas with greater wave action. High wave action may increase nutrient availability and moves the blades of the thallus, allowing more sunlight to reach the organism so that it can photosynthesize. In addition, the constant wave action removes competitors.

Doom engine

The Doom engine, sometimes called ID Tech 1, is the computer code behind the video game Doom. It is also used by several other games, including Doom 2 (but not Doom 3, which has its own engine). Heavily modified versions of the Doom engine are used in Heretic, Hexen, and Strife.

The Doom engine uses a technique called binary space partitioning to represent 3D levels in a way that a computer can process quickly. It is written mostly in C. The source code has been released for free under the GNU General Public License. Many Doom fans have made their own modified versions called source ports. Source ports often add new features and fix problems in the original engine. Popular source ports include Boom, PrBoom, PrBoom+, Zdoom, and Chocolate Doom.

The Doom engine represents levels internally using structures called linedefs, sidedefs, sectors, verticies, and things (meaning monsters, items, decorations, etc.). The doom engine reads levels and other data from a file called a WAD.

The Doom engine renders levels entirely on the CPU, not the video card, as most video cards at the time (1993) did not have 3D acceleration. This required very efficient algorithms to make the game work on the slow computers of the time.

The Doom engine has been made available for more types of computers than any other first person shooter engine. It is easy for a programmer to make it work on a new type of computer because it is written in C and it uses very few system resources, allowing it to run on handheld computers and computers without a 3D accelerator.

Sociolinguistics

Sociolinguistics is the study of how language is related to society. It also studies how people affect language usage. Sociolinguistics studies how variety in language changes between groups of people because of things such as race, gender, status, age, etc.

Indian and Japanese linguists first studied the social parts of language in the 1930s. Louis Gauchat in Switzerland also studied this in the early 1900s. However, none of them were known in the West until much later. The study of why s started during the late 1900's in the wave model. was the first person to us the word "sociolinguistics". It was in an article he wrote in 1939 called "Sociolinguistics in India". This was printed in a magazine called "Man in India". Sociolinguistics in the West first came in the 1960s. It was pushed forward by linguists such as (in the US) and (in the UK). In the 1960s, and introduced the simple ideas for the concept of . This explains how varieties are different between countries (e.g. /// ""; // ""; /// "").

For example, a sociolinguist might research how a particular variety of language () would not be considered correct in a business place. Sociolinguists might also study the , , and of this sociolect. Similarly, would study the same things for a .

The study of language focuses on how language changes with social pressure and when in a specific . is a word used to explain the language changes in new environments.

William Labov is often thought of as the most important person who studies sociolinguistics. He is especially known for introducing a way to measure language variation and change. This made the study of language into a scientific area of study.





J. G. Ballard

James Graham Ballard (often "Jim"; 15 November 1930 – 19 April 2009) was an English novelist, short story writer, and important member of the New Wave movement in science fiction. His best-known books are "Crash" (1973) and "Empire of the Sun" (1984).

Ballard's father was a chemist at a company called the Calico Printers Association. The company was based in Manchester and made cloth. Ballard was born and raised in the Shanghai International Settlement, an area under foreign control where people "lived an American style of life". He went to the Cathedral School in Shanghai. After the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Ballard's family temporarily left their suburban home and rented a house in downtown Shanghai to avoid the shells fired by Chinese and Japanese forces.

After the Pearl Harbor attack, the Japanese occupied the International Settlement. In early 1943 they began interning Allied civilians. Ballard was sent to the Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center with his parents and younger sister. He spent over two years in the internment camp. His family lived in a small area in G block, a two-story residence for 40 families. He went to school in the camp.

Many think that Ballard's exposure to the atrocities of war at a young age explains the conflicts and violence in much of his fiction.

In 1946, after the end of the war, his mother returned to England with Ballard and his sister on the SS "Arrawa". They in Plymouth, and he attended The Leys School in Cambridge. After a couple of years his mother and sister returned to China, rejoining Ballard's father. Ballard went to live with his grandparents when he was not at boarding school. In 1949 he went on to study medicine at King's College, Cambridge and planned to become a psychiatrist.

At university, Ballard was writing avant-garde fiction heavily influenced by psychoanalysis and surrealist painters. At this time, he wanted to become a writer as well as pursue a medical career. Ballard stopped his medical studies, and in 1952 he enrolled at Queen Mary, University of London to read English Literature. However, he was asked to leave at the end of the year. Ballard then worked for an advertising agency and as an encyclopedia salesman. He kept writing short fiction but did not get published.

In 1953 Ballard joined the Royal Air Force and was sent to the RCAF flight-training base in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada. He left the RAF in 1954 after two years and returned to England. In 1955 he married Helen Mary Matthews and they lived in Chiswick.

Ballard published several novels and short-story collections during the seventies and eighties. However, he only became popular in the mainstream with his novel "Empire of the Sun" in 1984. This novel was based on his years in Shanghai and in an internment camp. It became a bestseller,

Ballard continued to write until the end of his life. He died of prostate cancer in London.

Bruce Sterling called Ballard is an important writer leading to cyberpunk in the introduction to the "Mirrorshades" anthology.

Jean Baudrillard praised "Crash" as the first great novel of the universe of simulation in "Simulacra and Simulation"

Ballard was interested in the relationship between different media. He was one of the trustees of the Institute for Research in Art and Technology in the early 1970s.








Indian cormorant

The Indian cormorant or Indian shag ("Phalacrocorax fuscicollis") is a member of the cormorant family. It is found mainly along the inland waters of the Indian Subcontinent but extending west to Sindh (S Pakistan) and east to Thailand and Cambodia. It is a gregarious species that can be easily distinguished from the similar sized Little cormorant by its blue eye, small head with a sloping forehead and a long narrow bill ending in a hooked tip.

Oriental darter

The Oriental darter or Indian darter ("Anhinga melanogaster"), sometimes called snakebird, is a water bird of tropical South Asia and Southeast Asia.

Charades

Charades or charade ( or ) is a word guessing game. A player acts out a word or phrase and the other players attempt to guess what the word or phrase is in a certain amount of time. The person who is acting usually pantomimes similar sounding words. The game has also been adapted into television shows like Acting Crazy, Party Game, Give Us a Clue, Body Language and Celebrity Charades.


Aestivation

Aestivation, spelled estivation in the US, is one way an animal can go dormant, which is like being asleep.

Aestivation is similar to hibernation, but the animal does it when it is hot instead of when it is cold. The animals stops moving and it slowly uses much less energy (food). The animal does this when the temperature is high and the weather is dry. Lungfish have been doing this since the Devonian period millions of years ago. Many animals aestivate, including the Nile crocodile, many snails, and lady beetles.

Invertebrate and vertebrate animals aestivate so they do not die from the heat or from drying out. Both land- and water-living animals can do aestivation.


Dormancy

Dormancy is a period in an organism's life cycle when growth, development, and (in animals) physical activity are temporarily stopped. This minimizes metabolic activity and therefore helps an organism to conserve energy. Dormancy tends to be closely associated with environmental conditions. Organisms can synchronize entry to a dormant phase with their environment through predictive or consequential means.

Predictive dormancy occurs when an organism enters a dormant phase "before" the onset of adverse conditions. For example, day length and decreasing temperature are used by many plants as triggers to start dormancy before the onset of winter.

Consequential dormancy occurs when organisms enter a dormant phase "after" adverse conditions arise. This is often found in areas with an unpredictable climate. Sudden changes in conditions may lead to a high mortality rate among animals relying on consequential dormancy. On the other hand, its use can be advantageous, as organisms remain active longer and are able to make greater use of available resources.


A seed, though not active, is a tiny living thing. It contains the embryo of the future plant, which is not changing or developing: it is "dormant". The common idea is that the seed "sleeps" until it gets what it needs to wake up. That is not correct. Different seeds have different habits, no doubt adapted to their habitat. There are different kinds of resting stages in seeds:

When a seed germinates ("wakes up"), it begins to grow into a little plant called a "seedling". It uses the soft fleshy material inside the seed for nutrients (food) until it is ready to make food on its own using sunlight, water and air.

Most seeds germinate underground where there is no sunlight. The plant does not need the nutrients in soil for a few days or weeks, because the seed has all the things it needs to grow. Later, though, it will begin to need sunlight. If there is sunlight, the plant will use it to grow healthy. If there is no light, the plant will still grow for a while, but its plastids will not mature: the chlorophyll does not turn green. If the plant does not get enough light, it will eventually die. It needs light to make food for itself when the reserve in the seed runs out.



Wedding officiant

A wedding officiant is a person who is allowed by the government to perform weddings. This person may be a civil servant, or they may hold a religious position (for example, a priest or a rabbi). In some countries, certain religious officials are automatically allowed to perform weddings. In other countries, they must first ask permission from the government. 

Wedding officiants who work for the government must often follow special rules, that others do not have to follow. For example, the government might not allow them to refuse to perform a wedding, if the people who want to get married are allowed to by the law. 

Some countries allow anyone, not just civil servants or religious officials, to become wedding officiants temporarily. A temporary wedding officiant is usually allowed to carry out only one specific wedding that they asked permission for. If they want to perform another one, they have to ask the government for permission again. 

Masked booby

The masked booby, "Sula dactylatra", is a large seabird of the booby family, Sulidae.

These birds often fight each other for certain types of fish. Many adults will create a flock of their own to take down a school of fish but many boobies hunt alone so their catch is not stolen by the other birds in the area.

They are often mistaken for the common seagull due to the primary white color on its feathers.

The masked booby nests in small colonies. It lays two chalky white eggs on sandy beaches in shallow depressions, which are incubated by both adults for 45 days. 

In most cases, the first chick will kill its smaller, weaker sibling after it hatches. Siblicide is what it is called. Research shows that the boobies can feed two chicks, but they do so at a cost to health and future reproductive success.

Compared to other species of boobies such as the blue-footed booby, siblicide always happens in the masked booby. One reason is because the masked boobies build very shallow flat nests, so older chicks can expel their younger siblings with relative ease. Blue-footed booby parents, meanwhile, build nests with steeper sides, thus preventing some older chicks from engaging in siblicidal behaviour.

Great cormorant

The great cormorant "(Phalacrocorax carbo)", is a member of the cormorant family of seabirds. It is a large black bird which breeds in much of the Old World and the Atlantic coast of North America. There is a lot of in its size in different parts of the world.Weight is reported to vary from to .

Little cormorant

The little cormorant ("Microcarbo niger") is a member of the cormorant family of seabirds.

Pygmy cormorant

The pygmy cormorant ("Microcarbo pygmaeus") is a member of the cormorant family of seabirds.

Biographical movie

A biographical film or biopic is a movie about a particular person or group of people, based on events that actually happened. They are like docudramas but concentrate persons rather than events. They may present events as they actually happened, or may stretch and adjust the truth for other purposes.

Biographical movies often single out the most important events of the lives involved to focus on. They may also cross over between genres, such as drama, comedy and action.

List of Selena songs

Selena was an American singer–songwriter. She became the "Queen of Tejano music" by the early 1990s. She had helped the Tejano genre become very popular in the United States. After dominating the Latin music charts, winning every nominated award and signing a tour sponsorship with Coca-Cola, Selena had begun recording songs for a crossover attempt.

She wrote the songs "Always Mine", "My Love" and "Amame". She co-wrote "Amor Prohibido", "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" and "God's Child (Baila Conmigo)". Her brother, A.B. Quintanilla III, became the main songwriter for Selena's songs in 1989. Selena y Los Dinos band members such as Ricky Vela (lead keyboardist) and Pete Astudillo (backup dancer) also wrote some songs for Selena. All the songs that were recorded were on the independent LP records "Selena y Los Dinos" (1984), "The New Girl in Town" (1985), "Alpha" (1986), "Muñequito de Trapo" (1987), "And the Winner Is..." (1987), "Preciosa" (1988) and "Dulce Amor" (1988). The other recorded songs were on her studio albums, "Selena" (1989), "Ven Conmigo" (1990), "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992), "Selena Live!" (1993), "Amor Prohibido" (1994) and "Dreaming of You" (1995).

Selena also had recorded several duets with other singers. "Buenos Amigos" was a corrido (a Spanish ballad that tells a story) with Salvadorian singer Alvaro Torres. "Donde Quiera Que Estes" was recorded with the Nuyorican band Barrio Boyzz. "God's Child (Baila Conmigo)" was a rock-gospel duet that was recorded with former Talking Heads singer David Byrne. "Puede Ser" had became Selena's final recording, she recorded the song with Puerto Rican-Dominican singer Nando "Guero" Dominguez. Selena had recorded several duets with backup dancer Astudillo as well.

Selena had used polka, jazz fusion and traditional Tejano music in her songs during the 1980s. "My Love" is a freestyle song. Also coming from "Selena" (1989), "No Te Vayas" is a reggae fusion song. Songs on "Ven Conmigo" (1990) had more variety than her last album. On "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992), the album had more Tejano songs. "Missing My Baby" is a contemporary R&B song and "¿Qué Creias?" is a mariachi song. On "Selena Live!" (1993) most of the songs were live versions of the songs that were released before. There were only three new songs that were in the style of cumbia. On "Amor Prohibido" (1994), the album had mostly cumbia and Latin dance-pop songs. "No Me Queda Mas" is a power ballad song, while "Techno Cumbia" had techno fusion mixed with cumbia. "Ya No" is a rock song. On "Dreaming of You" (1995), most of the songs were pop confessionals and contemporary R&B songs recorded in English. "Captive Heart" is an Synthpop song; it also has soul music. "I'm Getting Used To You" used baroque– and dream pop music while the songs "El Toro Relajo" and "Tú Sólo Tú" are ranchera songs.

After Selena was killed in 1995, several songs were released. "Siempre Hace Frio" had a mixture of mariachi and ranchera music and "Only Love" is a pop-confessional. Both of these songs were on "Siempre Selena" (1996). "A Boy Like That" was a charity song to help AIDS patients; it was also a cover version from the "West Side Story" movie. "Where Did the Feeling Go?" is a ballad song, while "Is It the Beat?" is an electronic dance-pop song. The "Disco Medley" is a disco melody song; that contained the "Last Dance", "The Hustle" and "On the Radio" mixed into one song; these songs were originally recorded by Donna Summer ("Last Dance", "On the Radio") and Van McCoy ("The Hustle"). The "Cumbia Medley" is a live cumbia melody song; that contained "Como La Flor", "La Carcacha", "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" and "Baila Esta Cumbia" mixed into one song; these songs are on the (1997). The "Con Tanto Amor Medley" is a ballad melody that contained "Amor Prohibido", "Si Una Vez" and "Como La Flor" mixed into one song; it was featured on "Ones" (2002). "Puede Ser" is a Spanish rock duet and was featured on "Momentos Intimos" (2004). "Lo Dejo Solo" is a polka song and was on the "Classic Series Vol. 1" album in 2007. There are currently more unreleased songs Selena had recorded. Her father, Abraham Quintanilla Jr, and EMI Latin currently hold the rights to those songs.


Joplin, Missouri

Joplin is a city in Jasper County Missouri. In 2011, about 25% of the city was destroyed by an EF5 tornado.

Bonsai Kitten

Bonsai Kitten was a satirical website which claimed that you could make a "shaped" cat by putting a kitten in a jar and letting it grow into the shape of the jar. It was named after bonsai, a Japanese art in which trees are shaped. The site was made by a university student with the nickname "Dr. Michael Wong Chang". The site claimed that many different shapes and "containment vessels" are possible, including a cube, a sphere, a wire cage, and even a Klein bottle. Supposedly, the kittens are force-fed through a tube, and the kitten's anus is sealed with super glue.


Grey heron

The grey heron ("Ardea cinerea") is a bird that lives in temperate parts of Europe, Asia and also parts of Africa. It has long legs and walks through shallow water looking for food. The bird's scientific name is "Ardea cinerea".

The heron is intelligent, and can catch prey so large it can only swallow them with difficulty. Here a green heron uses bread as a bait for fish: YouTube Video

Goliath heron

The Goliath heron ("Ardea goliath") is a large wading bird of the heron family Ardeidae. It is found in sub-Saharan Africa, with smaller numbers in Southwest Asia and South Asia.

Purple heron

The purple heron ("Ardea purpurea") is a kind of bird. It has long legs and walk through shallow water looking for food. The purple heron breeds in Africa, central and southern Europe, and southern and eastern Asia.

Striated heron

The striated heron ("Butorides striata") also known as mangrove heron, little heron or green-backed heron, is a small heron.

Nauplius

A nauplius (plural: "nauplii") is the first larval form of most crustacea. It develops from the egg, and may be followed by later stages before the adult form is reached. In some groups there can be as many as nine larval stages. Sometimes the nauplius stage is passed through in the egg, and then a later stage emerges from the egg.

Arnold Skaaland

Arnold Skaaland (January 21, 1925 – March 13, 2007) was an American professional wrestler and manager, He was best known for wrestling and managing with the World Wide Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Federation. He was nicknamed "The Golden Boy". During his managing career, he managed Bob Backlund, Tony Parisi, Bruno Sammartino and Rick McGraw. He was inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame in 1994 by Bob Backlund.
Skaaland held many championships during his professional wrestling career:





Fiat Duna

The Fiat Duna is an automobile made by Fiat between 1987 and 2000. It is a sedan and station wagon version of the Fiat Uno.


Night of Champions (2011)

Night of Champions (2012) was a professional wrestling event that was done by World Wrestling Entertainment. It happened on September 18th, 2012 at the First Niagra Centre in Buffalo, New York. It was the 4th Annual Night of Champions event, and the 11th overall. Seven matches were played.


2010–11 NHL season

The 2010–11 NHL season was the 94th season of operation (93rd season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL).

The Vancouver Canucks placed first overall, winning the Presidents' Trophy and home advantage throughout the playoffs. The Washington Capitals placed first in the Eastern Conference, earning home advantage in Eastern Conference playoffs.

"Note:" Bolded teams qualified for the playoffs.

Under NHL rules, first-place teams in each division receive a conference ranking between 1 and 3 regardless of overall points. The Pittsburgh Penguins placed fourth yet had more points than the Boston Bruins, but the Bruins placed first in the Northeast Division to get the third-place ranking.

The 2011 playoffs started on Wednesday, April 13, 2011, and ended with the seventh game of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday, June 15, 2011.
In each round, the highest remaining seed in each conference is matched against the lowest remaining seed. The higher-seeded team is awarded home ice advantage. In the Stanley Cup Final series, home ice is determined based on regular season points. Each best-of-seven series follows a 2–2–1–1–1 format: the higher-seeded team plays at home for games one and two (plus five and seven if necessary), and the lower-seeded team is at home for games three and four (and if necessary, game six).

The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the regular season.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus-minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"

The following goaltenders led the league in goals against average at the end of the regular season while playing at least 1800 minutes.
"GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"


Dorothée Pousséo

Dorothée Pousséo (born on February 13, 1979 in Paris, France) is a French voice actress.

She is known for being the official French voice of actresses such as Margot Robbie, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Brittany Murphy; as well as cartoon characters like Diane in "Martin Mystery", Dee Dee in "Dexter's Laboratory", and Mandy in "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy".

Pousséo started acting when she was 8 years old, when she appeared in the play "Le Malade Imaginaire" with French actor Michel Bouquet.

In May 2023, she tells the media "Eklecty-City" that she was particularly marked by the dubbing of the film Ray. She lends her voice to the actress Sharon Warren, who plays the mother of Ray Charles in the flashbacks. She explains that the actress had such strength in her that she didn't know where to draw from to honor her interpretation.


Parallel universe

A parallel universe is a universe that is different from the observable universe. This may be due to time travel or other things.

Parallel universe may also be:






Teen Wolf (2011 TV series)

Teen Wolf is an American TV series. It airs on MTV and in reruns on TeenNick. Season 5 is airing June of 2015.

Teen Wolf is about Scott McCall, who is bitten by a werewolf in the pilot. He falls in love with Allison Argent, whose family are werewolf hunters. Teaming up with his best friend, Stiles, Scott must learn to deal with being a werewolf while at high school and encountering many different obstacles and beasts.


Selena (disambiguation)

Selena may be for:


Odessa, Texas

Odessa is a city in Texas. Odessa had 114,428 people at the 2020 census.

Mission, Texas

Mission is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas. 85,778 people lived there at the 2020 census.


McAllen, Texas

McAllen is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas. As of the 2020 census, 142,210 people lived there. It ranks as the 23rd most populous city in Texas.


Municipal corporation

A municipal corporation is a term used by the local government. An incorporated town is able to create its own laws. These laws are in addition to the laws of the country, province, or state where the town is located.

Municipal corporation happens when an urban neighborhood becomes a self-governing entity under state laws. After this event, an award or declaration is presented by the municipal charter.

A municipal charters is a legal paper that establishes municipality; such as a city or town. This was created in Europe during the Middle Ages time. With a municipal charter, the new towns or cities are given rights.

In Canada, charters are given by the provincial authorities.

In Germany, the municipal charters have existed since the Medieval Times.

In India the municipal corporation has a local government that is in charge of a city population that has 200,000 people or more. Because of the panchayati raj system, the city government has to discuss with the state government. Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad have the biggest municipal corporations. Members are chosen from the wards of the city. The municipal corporations are responsible for roads, public transportation, water supply, records of births and deaths, sanitation that includes waste management, sewage, drainage and flood control, public safety services like fire and ambulance services, gardens and maintenance of buildings. Taxes is where the municipal corporations get their money from to fix problems in their cities.

In Ireland municipal corporations have been in Ireland since the Medieval Times. In Dublin, the municipal corporation have been there since the 13th century.

In Durban the municipal corporation was called the "Durban Corporation".

In Sweden, cities were made by the royal charter until 1951.

In the Philippines, cities are made by the laws enacted by a lot of national legislatures.

In the United Kingdom, cities are made by the royal letter patent.

In the United States, cities are made by the municipal charters. This is usually followed by a referendum vote.

Hunico

José Jorge Arriaga Rodríguez (born September 5, 1977) is a Mexican-American professional wrestler currently working on the Mexican independent circuit, under the ring name Cinta de Oro (Spanish for "Golden Ribbon"). He is best known for his time with WWE under the ring names Sin Cara (Spanish for "Faceless"), Sin Cara Negro, and Hunico. He was the second Sin Cara in WWE, after Luis Urive.

Rodríguez, under the ring name Incognito was a member of Team Mexico along with Puma, Magno, and Shocker during Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's 2006 World X-Cup Tournament. Team Mexico finished in 3rd place with Team USA in 1st place, Team Canada in 2nd place, and Team Japan in last place. As well as his career in Mexico working for AAA, he is also known for competing in Chikara, where he won both the 2008 King of Trios (alongside El Pantera and Lince Dorado) and the 2008 Rey de Voladores tournament. In 2009, he signed with WWE, working there successfully for the next 10 years. He then returned to Mexico as Cinta de Oro.




Lucky Cannon

Jonathon David Emminger (born November 8, 1983) is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring names Johnny Prime and Lucky Cannon. He is best known for working with the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where he appeared on "NXT" as Lucky Cannon and in their developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) as Johnny Prime.

On June 1, 2010, it was announced that Emminger would be participating in the second season of "NXT", under the name "Lucky Cannon", with Mark Henry as his mentor.

He was released from his WWE contract on August 8, 2011.


Orlando Cole

Orlando Cole (August 16, 1908 – January 25, 2010) was a cello teacher who had taught soloists and first cellists in a dozen leading orchestras. Among them are Lynn Harrell, David Cole, Ron Leonard, Owen Carman, Daniel Lee, Lorne Munroe, and Marcie Rosen. He had held master-classes all over the world and continued his seventy-five year teaching career at the Curtis Institute and Temple University with his assistant Metta Watts.

Edwin G. Krebs

Dr. Edwin G. Krebs (June 6, 1918 – December 21, 2009) was an American biochemist. He and Edmond H. Fischer were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1992 for describing how reversible phosphorylation works as a switch to activate proteins and control different cellular processes.


Joseph L. Goldstein

Joseph L. Goldstein (b. April 18, 1940) is a biochemist and geneticist of Jewish descent. He is from Kingstree, South Carolina. He was given the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (together with Michael S. Brown) for his research on the metabolism of LDL.


International human rights law

International human rights law is a series of the international laws on human rights. International human rights law is based upon the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Charter of the United Nations that declare human dignity and rights of all human being on the earth. Its fundamental philosophy and aim are to prevent war and keep world peace on the earth, with the idea of rule of law. 

United Nations has adopted Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948 to affirm all human rights. To give authority to it by international law, United Nations has adopted International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights for civil rights in 1966. Those treaties are to ensure more in detail the contents of human rights and often called "International Human Rights Bill" together with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

Further, the United Nations has adopted treaties on human rights to fortify or supply them. as follow: 

And also United Nations has made United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights accoding to the Vienna Declaration and the Yogyakarta Principles for LGBT rights by International Commission of Jurists and approved by the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2006.

Council of Europe had adopted the European Convention on Human Rights in 1951 to ensure human rights according to Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The European Court of Human Rights is made by this Convention to realize human rights in the member countries of Council of Europe with legal force.

As well, the Organization of American States has adopted the American Convention on Human Rights in 1969 and the African Union has adopted the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights in 1981. Those Organizations also have their own Human Rights Court to ensure human rights affirmed in the Convention or Chater.


Genocide Convention

The Genocide Convention (formally Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide) is a treaty of the international human rights law on genocide created on 9 December 1948 by the United Nations. This is to prevent all form of genocide and its incitation and to show how the actors of those must be punished.

This Convention protects all ethnic groups and races of any kind of religions.

Now actor of genocide written in this convention will be judged by the International Criminal Court but there are some countries which do not ratify this Convention and international law on International Criminal Court.


The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift

The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift is an 2006 action street racing movie that was produced by Neal H. Moritz and was directed by Justin Lin. "The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift" was released on June 16, 2006 in North America. It is the third movie in "The Fast and the Furious" movie series. The movie received mixed reviews with a 34% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 46 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Michael Madsen

Michael Søren Madsen (born September 25, 1957) is an American actor, poet and photographer. He has been in most movies and television series, including "Reservoir Dogs", "Free Willy", "Donnie Brasco", "Kill Bill" and "Sin City". Madsen is also the voice actor for video games, including "Grand Theft Auto III", "" and "DRIV3R".

Madsen was born in Chicago, the son of Elaine (née Melson), an Emmy-winning poet, television producer and playwright, who often works for PBS, and Calvin Madsen, a firefighter. Madsen's mother left a career in corporate business to start a writing career. Madsen's paternal grandparents were Danish and his mother has Irish and Native American ancestry. He has two sisters, Virginia Madsen and Cheri. He began acting at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago, where he served as an apprentice under actor John Malkovich. Madsen is a housemate in Celebrity Big Brother 2012 (UK).

Chris Penn

Christopher Shannon "Chris" Penn (October 10, 1965 – January 24, 2006) was an American movie and television actor. He is known for being in movies such as " The Wild Life", "Reservoir Dogs", "Footloose", "Rush Hour", "True Romance", "All the Right Moves" and "Pale Rider".

Penn was born in Los Angeles, California, the youngest son of Leo Penn, an actor and director, and Eileen Ryan (née Annucci), an actress. His paternal grandparents were Jewish immigrants from Lithuania and Russia, and his mother was a Roman Catholic of Italian and Irish descent. According to Penn's mother, Leo Penn may have had distant Spanish ancestry, as the family's surname was originally "Piñón". His brothers are actor Sean Penn and musician Michael Penn.

St. John's IceCaps

The St. John's IceCaps were an American Hockey League (AHL) team based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Previously the team was the Manitoba Moose and played in Winnipeg, Manitoba.


Grand Theft Auto III

Grand Theft Auto III is a 2001 open world video game that is the third main entry of the "Grand Theft Auto" franchise.

Due to the September 11 attacks, the police cars have been redesigned from their NYPD look to a more generic look and a mission involving hijacking a plane has been removed.

Many people at the time considered the game groundbreaking yet controversial at the same time.

Lawrence Bender

Lawrence Bender (born October 17, 1957) is an American movie producer. He became famous when he was the producer of "Reservoir Dogs" in 1992. He has produced all of Quentin Tarantino's movies except "Death Proof".

In the 1980s, he worked as a grip on the series "Tales from the Darkside". In 1989, he produced the movie "Intruder", in which leading roles are Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell. He has also been the producer on many other successful movies including "Good Will Hunting", "The Mexican", the 2007 Academy Award winning movie "An Inconvenient Truth", "Kill Bill", "Pulp Fiction", and the "From Dusk Till Dawn" trilogy. He was an executive producer of the "Legend of Earthsea" TV miniseries.

Bender makes cameo appearance in many of the movies he produces: he was a police officer chasing Mr. Pink in "Reservoir Dogs", a guest billed as a "long-haired yuppie scum" in both "Pulp Fiction" and "Four Rooms" and a hotel clerk in "Kill Bill Volume 2".

Since May 2005 Bender has been a blogger at The Huffington Post. He now works in Hollywood running the day-to-day operations of his own production company, Lawrence Bender Productions. Bender has been working with Nine Inch Nails' Trent Reznor to create a television TV series based on the 2007 album "Year Zero".



The Cider House Rules (movie)

The Cider House Rules is a 1999 American drama movie. It is set in Maine and was produced by Richard N. Gladstein, Bob Weinstein and Harvey Weinstein and was directed by Lasse Hallström. "The Cider House Rules" was released on December 17, 1999 in North America. The movie is based on the novel of the same name written by John Irving. The movie received positive reviews with a 72% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 75 out of 100 from Metacritic. The movie won "Best Adapted Screenplay" and Michael Caine won "Best Actor in a Supporting Role" at the 72nd Academy Awards.


The Bad Girls Club (season 6)

The Bad Girls Club (season 6) is the sixth season of "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on Oxygen on January 10, 2011 based on P J Soles from Crystal Lake

The season had beat ratings from the previous season. Season six also had a lot of conflicts. Some people in the area, complained to local police that the girls were screaming all night club. They also stated that their children heard curse words coming from them. Season 6 was filmed in Hollywood, California. Perez Hilton hosted the reunion specials. Guinness Book of World Records named their creed as "the tallest creed in history". In this season, there were a high number of "replacements". The season was nominated for "Favorite Reality-Show Guilty Pleasure" at the iVillage Entertainment Awards.

United Nations Convention Against Torture

Convention against Torture is a treaty of international human rights law created by United Nations on December 10 1984 that prohibits all kind of torture, any cruel, inhuman and degrading punishment or treatment harming the person's dignity. The Convention came into force on 26 June 1987. As of April 2022, 173 countries has ratified the Convention.

The Convention is supervised by the Committee Against Torture. 

The Convention also has the optional protocol that enables national or international organization for human rights investigators to research the prisons in a country that ratifies the protocol for knowing if any torture or inhuman treatments or punishments prohibited by the Convention are done. As of April 2022, 91 countries has ratified the protocol.


The Bad Girls Club (season 5)

The Bad Girls Club (season 5) (or "Bad Girls Club:Miami") was the fifth season of "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on Oxygen on August 3, 2010. 

Season five's debut episode had beat the previous season. It was watched by 1.34 million people. It became the #1 program for women 18-34. The season also outperformed CBS and ABC. It was declared as the "most watched" in Oxygen history. Filming was done in Maimi, Florida and South Beach, Florida. Season five also had a high number of replacement "bad girls". After the show, Lea starred in (season 2).

Flow (psychology)

Flow is a term used in psychology to mean the mental state of a person completely immersed in an activity. It is an altered state of consciousness. The person is fully focused, performing actively and successfully. The situation is widely recognized by phrases like "in the zone", "in the bubble", "on the ball", "in the moment", "wired in", "in the groove". The performer almost loses touch with their surroundings: phrases like "lost to the world" reflect this mental absorption.

The term "flow" was given to this experience by a psychologist, Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi. He said it was completely focused motivation. The hallmark of flow is a feeling of spontaneous joy, even rapture, while performing a task. Flow is also described as a deep focus on nothing but the activity – not even oneself or one's emotions.

A flow state can be entered while performing any activity, although it is most likely to occur when one is wholeheartedly performing a task or activity for intrinsic purposes. Intrinsic purposes involve anything that someone does merely because they want to. Extrinsic activities will not cause flow to occur. Extrinsic activities are anything that someone does because there is some other force causing them to do it. Extrinsic activities will not cause flow to occur. Passive activities like taking a bath or even watching TV usually do not elicit flow experiences as individuals have to actively do something to enter a flow state. While the activities that induce flow may vary and be multifaceted, Csikszentmihályi asserts that the experience of flow is similar despite the activity.

Csíkszentmihályi identifies the following ten factors as accompanying an experience of flow:

Not all are needed for flow to be experienced.

Flow operates on both physical and mental tasks. It applies to dance, football, chess and many other areas where people perform tasks in well-defined competitive situations, but also in art where the situation may be much more open. Evidence about flow comes from interviews with people after various types of performance. Efforts are being made to develop ways of enhancing flow for personal and commercial benefit.

Some of the challenges to staying in flow include states of apathy, boredom, and anxiety. Being in a state of apathy is characterized by having little to no challenges in a situation. A person’s skill level is also characterized as apathy when the person has a general lack of interest in the task at hand. Boredom is a slightly different state in that it occurs when challenges are low, but one's skill level exceeds those challenges causing one to seek higher challenges. A state of anxiety occurs when challenges are so high that they exceed one's perceived skill level causing one great distress and uneasiness.

The Bad Girls Club (season 4)

The Bad Girls Club 4 was the fourth season of "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on Oxygen on December 1, 2009.

Season 4 became the "breakthrough season" for "The Bad Girls Club". The episode "Go With The Flo" had 2.27 million views. Season 4 had the highest ratings in the history of the show. After the show, Natalie Nunn had a conflict with Chris Brown and Rihanna. Nunn stated some comments that angered fans of the show. At the reunion show, she said that she does not believe in domestic violence. She made her apologies. After the reunion, Nunn and Kendra have starred in . This season also had the highest number of celebrity appearances.

The Bad Girls Club (season 3)

The Bad Girls Club (season 3) is the third season of "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on Oxygen on December 2, 2008. 

Season 3 was the first season to have one million views. It had beat the records from the second season and first season. Perez Hilton hosted the reunion special. After the show, the Ambers and Sarah competed on . They had done a pilot for their show called "The Amber Show". Oxygen did not pick it up. This was the first season to have the girls on vacation. This was also the first season to have 60 minute episodes.

The Bad Girls Club (season 2)

The Bad Girls Club season 2 is the second season of "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on Oxygen on December 4, 2007. 

Season 2 had an average of 600,000 viewers per episode. The first season had 330,000 viewers per episode. The second season reunion was hosted by Star Jones. After the show, Tanisha Thomas became the host for . She also had done a lot of talk shows. She is regarded as the "godmother of the Bad Girls". She also had done two talk shows for the Bad Girls Club. She later married in early 2011. Hanna started acting on broadway after the show. This was the last time 30 minute episodes would air.

The Bad Girls Club (season 1)

The Bad Girls Club (season 1) was the first season of "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on Oxygen on December 5, 2006.

The first season had on average of 300,000 viewers per episode. This record was later beat in the second season. The show became the "most watched" show on Oxygen history until season two aired. Kerry Harick became a successful country singer. Some of her songs appeared on "Billboard". This is the first season to have a lot of replacements. The reunion show was taped inside the house.

Halifax Mooseheads

The Halifax Mooseheads are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1994. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). They play their home games in Halifax, Nova Scotia at the Halifax Metro Centre.


Johnathan Aitken

Johnathan James Aitken (born May 24, 1978) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman. Aitken was drafted 8th overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft by the Boston Bruins and played three games for them. For the 2000–01 season joined HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Republic. He returned to North America after only a year, and made it back to the NHL during the 2003–04 season with the Chicago Blackhawks, playing 41 games. Afterwards he headed to the Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt AC for the 2006–07 season before retiring from hockey.


Ray Allison

Raymond Peter Allison (born March 4, 1959) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who played 7 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Hartford Whalers and Philadelphia Flyers.

Following his junior career, Allison became the first draft pick in the history of the Hartford Whalers franchise. A year later, Allison was traded in a ten player trade to the Philadelphia Flyers. There he would develop into a scoring forward but suffered a broken ankle during the 1982–83 season. He never regained a regular spot on the Flyers roster, and played his last few seasons in the AHL and Swiss leagues.


Edifício Copan

Edifício Copan is a skyscraper in São Paulo, Brazil. It is 140 meters (460 feet) tall and has 38 floors. It was built in 1966. The building was designed by Oscar Niemeyer.


UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying Group A

This page shows the results for Group A of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualification. Germany qualified, and the Turkey went to the playoffs, which in the end they did not qualify. Germany did not lose a single game, with a record of 10 wins. The top scorer of the group was Miroslav Klose (Germany) with 9 goals.


UEFA Euro 2012

The UEFA Euro 2012 was the 14th UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was "2012 UEFA European Football Championship". It was held in 8 June to 1 July. All the European football teams could compete. In general the contet of match was more higher than FIFA World Cup. The defending champion was Spain. The tournament was hosted in Poland and Ukraine. 16 teams were qualified for the final group stage. The winner of competition qualifies for the FIFA Confederations Cup.

51 teams wanted to join the Euro 2012, so UEFA organized the teams into 9 groups. Qualification began on August 2010 and ended on November 2011. The following teams qualified:

There were 8 stadiums in 8 host cities. The host cities were Warsaw, Gdańsk, Wrocław, Poznań, Kyiv, Lviv, Donetsk and Kharkiv. The Euro 2012 allowed new stadiums to be built. Six of the eight stadiums are either completely new, or greatly improved. Below is a table that will show what stadiums are being used, and in which cities.

"Greece were placed above Russia based on their head-to-head record (1-0)."

"The Czech Republic became the first team to win a European Championship group with a negative goal difference"

"Ukraine was placed on top of Sweden, because of their previous match against each other (2 – 1)"








Private property

Private property is a concept used in law, which is defined as a certain type of thing which is owned and controlled by an individual or a group separate from the state. Private property differs from public property, where such property belongs to all. That way, a person may own a car, but the park in the city is only administered by the city, and belongs to all people (or to no one at all). 

Different schools of thought have different ideas of how private property should be handled. 

For instance, according to capitalism, private property is needed so that a society can work as it should. That way, trade can only be done using private property. As a secondary example, private property in Marxist theory refers to the means of production, such as mines, factories, burger joints, and so on. These are things communists want to be democratically owned by workers. This is different from personal property, such as a toothbrush. 

Radiata

The Radiata is a superphylum which includes both the echinoderms and the ctenophores. It is not part of the usual classification system, and is not used by all biologists.

The group includes the radially symmetric animals of the Eumetazoa. The echinoderms, however, are members of the Bilateria, because they exhibit bilateral symmetry in their developing stages. Their radial symmetry is secondary.

Thomas Cavalier-Smith in 1983 defined a subkingdom called Radiata consisting of the phyla Porifera, Myxozoa, Placozoa, Cnidaria and Ctenophora in Radiata, that is, all the animals that are not in Bilateria. 

The "Five Kingdom" classification of Lynn Margulis and K.V. Schwartz keeps only Cnidaria and Ctenophora in Radiata. 

Cladistic classifications do not recognize Radiata as a clade. The radiata, in this sense, are diploblastic, meaning they have two primary germ layers: endoderm and ectoderm. Cavalier-Smith's use of the term Radiata includes animals with a single germ layer such as sponges.

Although radial symmetry is usually given as a defining characteristic of radiates, a few members of the class Anthozoa, which are now considered as the most basal and oldest group of cnidarians, are actually bilaterally symmetric. 

Newer research strongly indicates that bilateral symmetry evolved before the split between Cnidaria and Bilateria: the radially symmetrical cnidarians have evolved radial symmetry secondarily. This means the bilaterism in species like "N. vectensis" has a primary origin. Also the free-swimming planula larvae of cnidarians exhibit bilateral symmetry. Ctenophores show biradial symmetry.


Wangari Maathai

Wangari Muta Mary Jo Maathai (1 April 1940 – 25 September 2011) was a Kenyan environmentalist, political activist and the first African woman to receive the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004. 



Trochophore

A trochophore is a type of larva found in marine plankton. It belongs to animals of several related phyla, in the superphylum Lophotrochozoa.

They have two or more bands of cilia. By moving their cilia rapidly, a water eddy is created. In this way they control the direction of their movement. Also, in this way they bring their food closer, to capture it more easily.

Orthonectida

Orthonectida is a small phylum of poorly-known parasites of marine invertebrates. They are among the simplest of multi-cellular organisms. 

The adults are microscopic wormlike animals. They have a single layer of outer cells surrounding a mass of sex cells. They swim freely within the bodies of their hosts, which include flatworms, polychaete worms, bivalve molluscs, and echinoderms. They have separate male and female individuals.

When they are ready to reproduce, the adults are released from the host, and sperm from the males penetrates the bodies of the females to achieve fertilisation. The resulting zygote develops into a ciliated larva that escapes from the mother to seek out new hosts. Once it finds a host, the larva loses its cilia and develops into a syncytial plasmodium larva. This, in turn, breaks up into numerous individual cells that become the next generation of adults.

The orthonectids were originally described in 1877 as a class, and placed as an order of the phylum Mesozoa. Recent study shows that orthonectids are quite different from the rhombozoans, the other group in Mesozoa.

Lophophore

The lophophore is the characteristic feeding organ of four major groups of animals: the Brachiopoda, Bryozoa, Entoprocta, and Phoronida. All lophophores are found in aquatic organisms.

It can most easily be described as a ring of ciliated tentacles surrounding the mouth. It is often horseshoe-shaped or coiled. Phoronids have their lophophores in plain view, but the valves of brachiopods must be opened wide to get a good view of their lophophore.

The lophophore surrounds the mouth and is an upstream collecting system for suspension feeding. The gut is U-shaped with the anterior mouth at the center of the lophophore. The anus, where present, is also anterior, and is above the mouth. In the Bryozoa it is outside the ring of the lophophore; in the Entoprocta the anus is within the ring of the lophophore. Some brachiopods do not have an anus.

Rhombozoa

The Rhombozoa, or Dicyemida, are a group of tiny parasites that live in the renal appendages of cephalopods.

Classification is controversial. They are probably a new phylum. Traditionally, dicyemids have been grouped with the Orthonectida in the Mesozoa. However, molecular phylogeny indicates that dicyemids may be more closely related to the roundworms. 

Adult dicyemids range in length from , and they can be seen through a light microscope. They have eutely: each adult individual of a given species has the same number of cells. Cell number is a useful identifying character. 

The organism's structure is simple: a single axial cell is surrounded by a jacket of twenty to thirty ciliated cells.

Dicyemids exist in both asexual and sexual forms. The asexual forms are found in juvenile and immature hosts; and the sexual forms in mature hosts. 

The asexual stage is termed a "nematogen"; it produces "vermiform" (worm-like) larvae in the axial cell. These mature through direct development to form more nematogens. Nematogens proliferate in young cephalopods, filling the kidneys. Later, as the hosts mature, sexual forms called "rhombogens" are formed. They are hermaphrodites, with gonads of both sexes. The rhombogens self-fertilise, and later release larvae.

Besitos

"Besitos" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song became the fourth and last single from "Selena" (1989). The song peaked at number-twenty on the US Hot Latin Tracks.

Baila Esta Cumbia

"Baila Esta Cumbia" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song was the lead single from "Ven Conmigo" (1990). It peaked at number-one on the Mexican Singles Chart (1994), Italy Singles Chart (1996), Argentinian Singles Chart (1994) and France Singles Chart (1995). It peaked in the top 20 on the US Hot Latin Tracks (1990), Latin Regional Mexican Airplay (1991) chart and the Spanish Singles Chart (1996). It then became one of Selena's signature songs. Her brother, A.B. Quintanilla III remixed the song as "Baila Esta Kumbia". It peaked at number 44 on the US Hot Latin Tracks and number 16 on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay chart. A.B. performed the song during the Selena ¡VIVE! tribute concert with his band.

No Quiero Saber

"No Quiero Saber" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song was featured at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia as a remix version.

Ya Ves

"Ya Ves" () is a song by American singer Selena. It was the second single released from "Ven Conmigo" (1990). The song was covered at the Selena ¡VIVE! tribute concert. "Ya Ves" was selected as "AMG pick tracks".

La Tracalera

"La Tracalera" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song was first recorded in 1985 for "The New Girl in Town". It was re-recorded in 1990 for "Ven Conmigo". The original version of the song called "El Tracalero" () was recorded by Selena's father Abraham Quintanilla Jr. Abraham had his own band called "Los Dinos" from the 1960s-1970s. Anselmo Sanchez Chavez covered the song in 1996.

El Chico Del Apartamento 512

"El Chico Del Apartamento 512" () is the sixth and final single released from Selena's grammy nominated album "Amor Prohibido" (1994). The song never had a music video because it was released one day before Selena was killed. The song had positive feedback from music critics. The song was performed on C minor with 102 beats per minute. The song was covered by many Latin American artists.

Greatest Hits (Selena album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American singer Selena. The songs used in the album were all in English. The only two other English songs Selena recorded that did not made it on the album were "Give Me One More Chance" and "Call Me". Both of those songs were on "Selena y Los Dinos" (1984). The album peaked at number 108 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2003. A special edition of the album was released. It had a DVD of all of Selena's music videos.


Momentos Intimos

Momentos Intimos () is a compilation album by American singer Selena. It was released on March 23, 2004.

An unreleased duet called "Puede Ser" () was included in the album. It was a duet with Nando "Guero" Dominguez. It was recorded two weeks before Selena was murdered. It then became the very last song to be recorded by her. "No Llores Mas Corazon" () and "Como Te Quiero Yo A Ti" () were digitally remastered. Both of those songs were turned into ballad songs. The album had bonus tracks that her family tells fans how it was like when Selena recorded those songs. The album peaked at number seven on the US Regional Mexican Albums Charts. The album also peaked at number eleven on the Top Latin Albums chart on "Billboard" in 2004.


Dos Historias

Dos Historias () is a compilation album by American singer Selena and Mexican singer Ana Barbara. The album peaked at number three on the US Latin Regional Mexican Albums chart. It also peaked at number 21 on the Top Latin Albums Chart on "Billboard" in 2006.


A special edition was released as well. It included a DVD of four music videos, two each, from Selena and Ana.

2011 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2011 Atlantic hurricane season was one of the most active Atlantic hurricane seasons since 1851. The season started on June 1, 2011 and it ended on November 30, 2011. This season has been "above-average". This means that there has been a lot of tropical cyclones that have developed in the Atlantic basin. The season started when Tropical Storm Arlene formed on June 29. It formed in the Gulf of Mexico. It then made landfall on Veracruz. The storm killed 25 people. The amount of damage was $223 million (2011 USD). After Arlene dissipated, a lot of tropical storms began developing. Most of them developed from a frontal boundary. Which makes this season the first time to have the first eight named storms to have not reached hurricane status.

The record ended when Hurricane Irene formed in late August. Irene also became the first major hurricane (being a category three or higher on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale). After Irene dissipated, Hurricane Katia became the second major hurricane of the season. With seventeen tropical storms, only four became hurricanes. The following hurricane was Hurricane Rina. Between September 7-9, there were three tropical cyclones active, which were Katia, Maria and Nate. This information made the Climate Prediction Center issue a La Niña Advisory.

Tropical Storm Arlene formed off of a tropical wave. It moved across Central America. It brought a lot of rain and caused local flooding. Because of this, three people were killed. On June 27, the disturbance crossed the Yucatán Peninsula and into the Bay of Campeche. The storm began to develop over warm water. It was then given the name Arlene on June 29, around midnight. Arlene made landfall on Cabo Rojo with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph. It then died on July 1. About 22 people were killed while the storm passed through. Arlene cost over 2.6 billion pesos ($207.4 million) of damage.

Tropical Storm Bret formed off of a cold front. This front was near Florida. On July 16, a low-pressure area formed north of the Bahamas. It then began strengthening. The storm became tropical depression number 2 when it was near the Great Abaco Island. Within three hours, the storm was given the name Bret. Bret strengthen while it moved north-east. The storm began to weaken because of wind shear. It then died on July 22 with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph.

Tropical Storm Cindy formed on July 20, when it developed into a tropical depression east of Bermuda. It then died two days later. It did not make landfall.

Tropical Storm Don formed on July 27. It then made landfall as it weakened at Galveston, Texas. The storm did not help the drought the state of was in, dropping no more than of an inch, which was lower than was forecasted.

Tropical Storm Emily formed on August 1. The storm made landfall as a remnant low in Haiti. It then strengthened while it passed through the Bahamas. When the storm left, it began to die.

Tropical Storm Franklin formed on August 12. It did not make landfall. Bermuda was able to get some rain bands from the storm when it moved close by. The storm began to dissipate after it had left Bermuda.

Tropical Storm Gert formed on August 14. It did not make landfall. As Gert neared Bermuda, a small eye-like feature became apparent on radar imagery. Coinciding with this, Gert reached its peak strength with winds of 60 mph (100 km/h).
Passing roughly 90 mi (150 km) east of Bermuda, Gert brought light rain and winds up to 25 mph (40 km/h) to the islands.
By August 16, convection associated with Gert had mostly dissipated and whether or not the system retained a closed surface low was ambiguous. As a result, Gert deteriorated into a post-tropical cyclone over the open Atlantic.

Tropical Storm Harvey formed on August 18. Harvey made landfall in Belize. It was upgraded to Tropical Storm Harvey on August 19. By late August 19 the storm was strengthening rapidly and it was announced that it could become a hurricane just before landfall. However, it only strengthened a little bit. The storm then broke the Atlantic record for having eight tropical storms that did not become a hurricane. Harvey was then downgraded into a depression though it briefly regained tropical storm status in the Bay of Campeche. The storm then dissipated on August 22.

Hurricane Irene formed on August 20. It became a hurricane while it passed through Puerto Rico. Irene then became the first hurricane of the season. Irene became a category 2 hurricane before reaching the Bahamas. It then strengthen into a major hurricane. Irene then became the first major hurricane of the season as well. Irene made landfall on Cape Lookout, North Carolina as a category 1 hurricane with 85 mph winds with an unusually low pressure for a category 1 hurricane. It then moved northeast. After weakening to a tropical storm, Irene made a second U.S. landfall at Brigantine Island in New Jersey at 5:35 a.m. The storm then moved northern and impacted New York City and New England. A total of 56 people were confirmed dead across the Caribbean, 10 U.S. states and Canada in the aftermath and damage from Hurricane Irene totaled $19 billion (2011 USD), making it the fifth costliest hurricane in the Atlantic basin. Irene then dissipated on August 29.

Tropical Depression Ten formed on August 25. It moved off the coast from Africa. It then began to move northeast. The storm dissipated the next day.

Tropical Storm Jose formed on August 27. Jose did not make any landfall.
Yet very early on August 28 and during the next few hours, the tropical wave partially strengthened as conditions for development slightly improved. However, early on August 28 – during the morning hours – the tropical wave nearly dissipated due to the high wind shear once again, this time generated by Hurricane Irene, after the tropical wave passed east to the south of Bermuda. But soon afterwards on August 28, the tropical wave managed to develop into Tropical Storm Jose, just to the west of Bermuda; Jose then began to move north-northeast, slowly. It lasted only 27 hours, as it dissipated on August 29.

The eleventh named storm of the season formed south of the Cape Verde Islands on August 29. The system became a tropical storm on August 30, at which time it was named Katia.
Hurricane Katia formed on August 29. It became the season's second hurricane early on September 1; however, its strength until September 4 when it reached category 2 hurricane strength. On September 5 the system reached Category 3 (major hurricane status). Katia further strengthened into a Category 4 hurricane on September 5. It was downgraded to a category 1 storm by the end of the following day, and remained at that strength even as it became extra-tropical. The storm was of potential concern and was being monitored closely as it may have indirectly impacted the east coast of the United States and Canada. Warnings of severe weather were made for Northern Ireland and Scotland for the remnants of Katia. Its remnants struck the UK and the Republic of Ireland on September 11 and September 12, killing one. Its remnants caused blackouts as far east as Saint Petersburg.

The Unnamed Tropical Storm formed on September 1 east of Boston, Massachusetts as a tropical depression. The storm continued to strengthen and became a tropical storm later that day. It lost all of its tropical characteristics on September 2.
Tropical Storm Lee formed on September 1. It moved into the Gulf of Mexico. It made landfall in Lafayette, Louisiana as a minor tropical storm. It then moved northeastern before it dissipated on September 5.

Hurricane Maria formed on September 6. It moved close to Puerto Rico bringing a lot of rain to the island. Maria became a category 1 hurricane before it made landfall in Newfoundland. Maria then dissipated on September 16.

Hurricane Nate formed on September 7. Nate made landfall near the Mexican coastline. It dissipated on September 12.

Hurricane Ophelia formed on September 20. Ophelia then became a remnant low five days later. On September 27, the storm began to build strength. It then became a category 1 hurricane on September 30. On the same day, it became a category 2 hurricane. The next day, the storm became a category 3 hurricane. On October 1, the storm became a category 4 hurricane. After wards, the storm weakened quickly and lost its tropical features on October 3.

Tropical Storm Philippe formed on September 24. It was a tropical storm for 12 days before becoming a category 1 hurricane on October 6. It weakened again to a tropical storm the next day and was no longer tropical on October 8.

Hurricane Rina formed on October 23 in the Caribbean Sea as a tropical depression. It began to strengthen quickly and became Tropical Storm Rina just hours later. On October 24, Rina reached Category 1 hurricane status. It was still strengthening quickly by October 25, with Rina becoming a category 2 hurricane in the morning hours. It later weakened again to a Category 1 hurricane, then a tropical storm. It continued to weaken, it then became a tropical depression (39 mph or less) on October 28. It became post-tropical (lost its tropical features) later that day.

A large area of cloud that moved off North Carolina became Tropical Storm Sean with winds of 50 mph on November 8. The storm continued to strengthen and peaked at 65 mph. It dissipated on November 12 because of being merged with a cold front.
In the spring of 2012, the WMO (World Meteorological Organization) has retired the name "Irene". The name "Irene" will never be used again in the Atlantic. "Irma" was chosen to replace that name.


Oxygen (TV channel)

Oxygen is a US TV channel, currently available in 65 million homes. It was launched in 2000 and carries programming aimed at women.







Kerry Harvick

Kerry Harvick (born September 10, 1974; Comanche, Texas) is an American country music singer. She first appeared on Oxygen's first season of "The Bad Girls Club". 

Ireland's Call

Ireland's Call is the anthem for the Ireland national rugby union team. The anthem replaced "Amhrán na bhFiann" because the players had came from both Ireland and Northern Ireland.

In most games today, the first part has been sung, then the chorus two times.

Part 1

Come the day and come the hour

Come the power and the glory

We have come to answer our country's call

From the four proud provinces of Ireland

Chorus

Ireland, Ireland

Together standing tall

Shoulder to shoulder

We'll answer Ireland's call

Part 2

From the mighty glens of Antrim

From the rugged hills of Galway

From the walls of Limerick and Dublin Bay

From the four proud provinces of Ireland

Part 3

Hearts of steel and heads unbowing

Vowing never to be broken

We will fight until we can fight no more

For the four proud provinces of Ireland

Part 4

Erin's warriors, clad in emerald

Steadfast souls confront their challenge

'Neath the glass sky they assemble

For the four proud provinces of Ireland

Chinese musical system

The ancient Chinese musical system depends on very ancient mathematics used to determine sound frequencies. The easiest way to explain it is to work through a real example.

Suppose that somebody wanted to make a musical instrument that could play any song in the ancient Chinese system. Here are the instructions:

Make a wooden box 105 cm long and 60 cm wide. Put guides for the strings near each end of the box, and fix it so that these two guides are 99 cm apart. 
Multiply 99 cm by 2/3, which is 66 cm. Place a fret all the way across the box on the 66 cm line.<br>
Multiply 66 cm by 4/3, which is 88 cm. Place a fret along the 88 cm line.<br> 
Multiply 88 cm by 2/3, which is 58.66...6 cm. Place a fret along this line.<br> 
Multiply 58.66...6 cm by 4/3, which is 78.22...2 cm. Place a fret along this line. <br>
Multiply 78.22...2 cm by 2/3, which is 54.148148...148 cm. Place a fret along this line.<br>
Multiply 54.148148...148 cm by 4/3, which is 69.531 cm. Place a fret along this line.<br>
Multiply 69.531 cm by 2/3, which is 46.354 -- and which is too short, so double it to get 92.708 cm. Place a fret along this line.<br>
Multiply 92.708 cm by 4/3...<br>
Multiply the previous answer by 2/3...<br>
Keep going until you have put down eleven frets.

Counting the frequency on the open string and the frequencies on the fretted strings, for each string there will be 12 defined frequencies.

Tune the bottom string to some basic frequency. Tune the next string to the frequency of the bottom string at the first fret. Tune the third string to the bottom string's second fret. Keep going until you have tuned all twelve strings. 

When you pluck these strings at all the fretted and unfretted positions, you will get 144 frequencies. Some of them will be duplicates, but not as many as you might think because this system is not like the Equal tempered system now used for almost all Western music.

Out of each twelve frequencies on a single string, you can make many selections of either five frequencies (for the pentatonic scales) or seven frequencies (for the heptatonic scales).

Here is a chart showing how frequencies and scales can be produced. The frequency of 440 hertz could have been any other frequency. Once this frequency is chosen, it is multiplied by the ratios to produce the first column of frequencies. Each of these 12 frequencies is used to start its own column. (See the dotted red line for one example.) Any five frequencies in a column can be chosen to make a pentatonic scale, as long as they are not right together and are not more than two apart. 

In the United States, students are taught the scale whose notes are named: "do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, and ti." Those seven (known to many from the "Doe, a deer, a female deer" song) produce a major scale. In Western music we also use a minor scale fairly frequently. But we only have those two. Chinese traditional music uses five different scales of five notes each. It also has pentatonic scales, but they are not discussed in this article. 

The Enemy (Higson novel)

The Enemy is a young adult horror novel. It was written by English author Charlie Higson. The novel takes place in London. It is about the life of children after a worldwide sickness has turned adults into zombies. It was published by Puffin Books in the UK on 3 September 2009.


David Norris

David Patrick Bernard Norris (born 1 July 1944) is an Irish scholar, independent Senator, and gay and civil rights activist.

He was in the election for President of Ireland in 2011. If elected, he would have become the world's first openly gay head of state. He left the race before the election.

Norris lives in his house in Dublin. The house is on North Great Georges Street. When he bought the house he became a landlord.

He was a lecturer in Trinity College Dublin. He is especially interested in James Joyce.

Spinneret

A spinneret is the part of a spider's body that makes its silk. Spiders have one, two, or three pairs of spinnerets. The spinnerets are usually close together. 

Endocardium

The Endocardium is the innermost layer of tissue which lines the inside of the heart. It plays a role in controlling the function of the myocardium, the heart muscle. The endocardium is made of simple epithelial cells similar to those which line blood vessels.

In addition to lining the inside of the heart, the endocardium also regulates heart contractions and aids cardiac embryo development.

Selena singles discography

This is the singles discography page of American singer Selena. This list has her 93 singles, two EPs and eight duets she had made in her music career. Selena was named the "top Latin artist of the '90s" as well as the "Best selling Latin artist of the decade" by "Billboard". Mostly because of her fourteen top-ten singles in the Top Latin Songs chart, including seven number-one hits. To date, Selena has sold over 5,000,000 singles worldwide.

"Contigo Quiero Estar" () was the lead single from "Selena" (1989). The song peaked at number eight on the US Hot Latin Tracks. "Baila Esta Cumbia" () was the lead single from "Ven Conmigo" (1990). The song peaked at number 20 on the Hot Latin Tracks. The song "Buenos Amigos" () was a duet with Salvadoran singer Alvaro Torres. The song peaked at number-one on the Hot Latin Tracks. It became Selena's and Torres' first number-one single. The song was a non-album single for Selena because it was not included in any of Selena's albums when she was alive. "La Carcacha" () became the lead single off of "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992). The song peaked at number seven on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay chart. "Como La Flor" () became one of Selena's signature songs. The song peaked at number-one on the Hot Latin Tracks. It became Selena's first song to peak at number-one as a solo artist. "¿Qué Creias?" () became the third single released from "Entre A Mi Mundo". The song peaked at number 14 on the Hot Latin Tracks. "Como La Flor", "La Carcacha" and "¿Qué Creias?" helped Selena to be accepted into Mexico. She began touring there for the first time and broke several audience attendance records. After Selena had won her first Grammy Award for "Selena Live!" (1993), the album released three singles. "No Debes Jugar" (), "La Llamada" () and "Tu Robaste Mi Corazon" () peaked within the top five of the Hot Latin Tracks chart.

When "Amor Prohibido" (1994) was released, it had four number-one singles. Selena became the first Hispanic singer to do this. The four number-one singles were "Amor Prohibido" (), "Bidi Bidi Bom Bom", "No Me Queda Mas" () and "Fotos y Recuerdos" (). These songs helped expanded Selena's fan base. The non-album single "Donde Quiera Que Estes" () peaked at number-one on both the Hot Latin Tracks and Latin Regional Mexican Airplay charts. The song was a duet with the Barrio Boyzz. The song made Selena to tour in New York City, Puerto Rico, South America and Central America where she was not known before. The songs "Amor Prohibido" and "No Me Queda Mas" became the most successful singles of 1994 and 1995 in the United States Hispanic communities and Mexico.

Selena began recording songs for her crossover album. She only recorded six by January 20, 1995. She was killed on March 31, 1995. The album was released on July 18, 1995 as "Dreaming of You". "I Could Fall in Love" peaked at number-one on the Hot Latin Tracks while also peaking in eight different countries worldwide. "Dreaming of You" peaked at number-one in five different music charts worldwide. The song peaked in 13 different countries worldwide. It sold 4,798,706 copies worldwide, while selling 2,000,000 copies in the United States. The song was certified double-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. The song was given 11 certifications worldwide. It is among the best-selling singles worldwide. It is the second-fastest-selling single of 1995 in the United States. The song was the 83rd best-selling single of the 1990s in the United Kingdom. It also became the 65th best-selling single of the 1990s in France. "Dreaming of You" and "I Could Fall in Love" continues to be played on radio stations in the United States. The most recent peak positions for the songs was in 2010. The Barrio Boyzz recorded their duet with Selena in English for the crossover album. The English version stood on Spain's music chart for two years straight. After Selena's murder, eighteen singles were released. Many of those peaked in music charts in the United States, Spanish-speaking countries, France and Canada.



Beelzebufo

Beelzebufo was a large frog discovered in the Upper Cretaceous of Madagascar. The media called it 'Devil Toad', and 'The Frog From Hell'. The frog lived some 70 million years ago.

With a body length of about 16 inches (40.5 cm) the frog was larger than any living frog. Its weight in life was about 9-10 lbs (4.5 kg).

The bones of the skull roof shows a rugous (wrinkled) external surface, indicating that at least parts of the head may have borne bony scutes.

The "Beelzebufo" was a member of the horned toad sub-family, the Ceratophryinae. Living members of the family are found only in South America, but were once more widely distributed in Gondwana. Both South America and Madagascar were part of the supercontinent Gondwana before it broke up in the Cretaceous.

"Beelzebufo" was an ambush predator whose wide mouth let it eat relatively large prey, perhaps even juvenile dinosaurs. It probably lived in warm, seasonally dry habitats with occasional pools of water. Its modern relatives live in similar habitats, and can burrow.

Fezouata Formation

The Upper and Lower Fezouata formations of Morocco are Burgess Shale type deposits dating to the Lower Ordovician. In the fossilized fauna were numerous organisms previously thought to have died out after the mid-Cambrian. The discovery proves conclusively that the Burgess Shale biota did not go extinct in the Cambrian.

Over 1500 non-mineralized Burgess Shale types, representing 50 taxa, have been recovered from the formations. There are also a less abundant shelly fauna. The make-up of the community varies significantly through the stratigraphic sequence, with both abundances and faunal composition changing as time progresses. Small (1–3 mm wide) burrows are present in the sediment, but major burrowing is absent; this may suggest a paucity of oxygen in the water or sediment. 

Particularly notable is the presence of bryozoa and graptolites, forms that are absent in the Cambrian period. Various echinoderms indicate a normal range of salinity, and the overall shelly assemblage is not significantly different from the normal shelly fauna expected in open Ordovician waters. 

The non-mineralized (soft-bodied) fossils contains a range of forms familiar from the Burgess Shale. Other Ordovician oddballs are also present, including cheloniellids and horseshoe crabs in abundance.

The fossiliferous strata were deposited in quiet, deep waters, below the influence of wave action in all but the fiercest of storms. Such storms, or similar high-energy events, would have mobilized sediment that could be quickly deposited, trapping animals and leading to their preservation. Consequently, the assemblage is dominated by benthic organisms.

Fossils of the Fezouata formation, which are usually squashed flat (although some do retain some degree of their original three-dimensionality) are often coated with a dusting of pyrite, and tin; this aspect of the fossil preservation is very similar to that at Chengjiang. Non-mineralized appendages are often preserved.

The fossils a span an area of 500 km, in southeast Morocco's Draa Valley, north of Zagora. Fossils are found are found through a 1.1 km-thick column of rock that spans the two lowest epochs of the Ordovician.

The lagerstätten were first identified in the late 1990s when a local fossil collector, Ben Moula, showed some of the finds to a PhD student who was then working in the area.

1961–62 AHL season

The 1961–62 AHL season was the 26th season of the American Hockey League. The league initiates the James C. Hendy Memorial Award for outstanding team or league executives. The league resumes East and West Divisions. The John D. Chick Trophy is first awarded for the West Division champions of the regular season. The F. G. "Teddy" Oke Trophy is awarded to East Division champions of the regular season. Eight teams played 70 games each in the schedule. The Springfield Indians finished first overall again in the regular season, and won their third consecutive Calder Cup championship.


"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points; 

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"







1961 World Ice Hockey Championships

The 1961 World Ice Hockey Championships was the 28th time the Ice Hockey World Championships were held. The tournament was in Geneva and Lausanne, Switzerland from March 1 to March 12, 1961. Canada won their nineteenth international title. It would be the last championship for Canada in thirty-three years. Canada was represented by the Trail Smoke Eaters.


1961 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1961 Stanley Cup Final was played by the Detroit Red Wings and the Chicago Blackhawks. Chicago had not been in the Final since , and Detroit had last played in the Final in . The Blackhawks won the best-of-seven series four games to two, winning their third Stanley Cup. This ended up being the last time Chicago won the Cup until , a 49-year drought.


Wolf spider

A Wolf spider is a member of the group of spiders whose is the "Lycosidae." "Lycos" means "wolf" in . These spiders get their name from the way they hunt, which the people who named them thought was like the way wolves hunt. However, wolves hunt in but spiders are animals. Their way of hunting is more like that of solitary cats such as the cheetahs. They generally wait for their to close by, and then they in to kill it.

The wolf spiders belong to a large group. The smallest are less than 0.04 inches (1 mm) in body length. The largest are around 1.5 inches (38 mm) in body length. Some wolf spiders spend all of their lives above ground (taking the best shelter they can find), others dig burrows but come out of the burrows to wander about and hunt, and some spend almost all of their lives waiting for passing insects in their burrows.

One species of wolf spider gives us the name that is now used in English for an entirely different kind of spider. This is "Hogna tarantula" because it found around Taranto, a city in Italy. People there once believed that if a human were bitten by one of these wolf spiders, they would surely die unless made to do a wild dance. Actually, "Hogna tarantula" does not give bites that need medical help. Any deaths from spiders in the area of Taranto probably came from the local Widow spider.

After a female wolf spider mates, she creates a clear space on the ground, lays down a rough sheet of silk, and on top of that sheet she makes a silken cup in which she lays her eggs. She next closes the cup, making a round ball, and holds onto it using her spinnerets until the babies begin to hatch. She then opens the silk ball and lets the baby spiders come out. They all run up her legs and cover the top part of her body.. There may be more than one hundred baby spiders on her back.

As you can see from the second photograph, mother wolf spiders carry their baby spiders around on their backs. They protect the babies for a few days, and then the babies leave her and go off on their own. 

There are several kinds of spiders that look almost like wolf spiders. The best way to be sure is to look at the eyes. There are four small eyes at the bottom, then two very large eyes, then two somewhat smaller eyes.

Wolf spiders come in various sizes, ranging from 2 millimeter to 40 millimeter in size (more than an inch in body size). 

Andrea Cano

Andrea Cano (born 18 May 1976) is an Italian football manager and former player. He played as a goalkeeper. He is currently a coach for goalkeepers at Padova.


Web feed

A web feed is an XML-based document which contains a sequence of content items. Web logs or blogs are a common source for web feeds. However, web feeds may also be associated with different sources other than blogs.

The term syndication is used to describe the availability of a web feed for an information source, such as a blog. This is also known as "publishing" a feed.

The term aggregation is used to describe the process of combining the contents of multiple web feeds, such as for display on a single web page. This is also known as "subscribing" to a web feed.

Web feeds are designed to be machine readable, so there is no requirement that they be destined only for user consumption. For example, business partners could use web feeds to exchange information without any user intervention.

Web feeds are commonly in RSS or Atom "feed" format. They may also be in RDF format.


Sagrera railway station

Estació de la Sagrera () is an upcoming major transport railway. It will be in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. The railway is currently under construction. They believe it will be finished by 2016-2020. The train will be at Barcelona Metro station that will serve the north of the city. It will include services from AVE high-speed rail. The Spanish Ministry of Public Works, Generalitat de Catalunya and the Barcelona City Council gave money to have the train completed. The complex will be fully underground excepting for the station building, with two levels of platforms, accounting for a total of 18 railway tracks.


Connectivity

Connect, connection, connections, connected, or connectivity can be:




Cross-conjugation

In chemistry, cross-conjugation is a special type of conjugation (a form of connection between two things) in a molecule. When in a set of 3 Pi bonds two pi bonds interact with each other by "conjugation".


Eric Serra

Eric Serra (born September 9, 1959) is a French composer, often working with Luc Besson on his movie scores. He has won many awards for his works.

Éric Serra's father Claude was a famous French songwriter in the 1950s and '60s. Because Claude worked on his music around his son Eric; he became aware of music when he was very young. Eric's mother had died when he was only seven years old. In the early 1980s, Serra had met Luc Besson. Besson was a movie director. Besson had asked Serra to write a score his first movie "Le Dernier Combat" (1983). Serra then began creating scores to most of Besson's movies.

In 1995, Serra was chosen to write the score to GoldenEye. The 17th James Bond movie was directed by Martin Campbell. The score had mixed feedback from film critics.



Education in the United States

Education in the United States is provided by the public sector. The federal, state and local governments control and give funds to help local schools. Public education is available everywhere in the United States. School's curriculum, funds, teaching, employment and other policies are created by the elected school boards. There are also private schools, which cost money to attend.

School districts are sometimes different from other local jurisdictions. They have their own officials and budgets. Education standards and state tests are created by the state governments. Since child education is required by law, ages to start school are different from each state. Children usually start school between the ages of five to six. They usually end their education when they are between the ages of seventeen and eighteen. Education requirements can be done by educating children in public schools, private schools (who is known by the government to be trusted) or a home school program. In most public schools, education is divided into three levels. The first level is elementary school. Grades in elementary school are different in each state. The second level is middle school. Grades in middle school are different in each state as well. The last level is high school. In some states, middle school is called "junior high school". Grades in high school are also different in each state. After a child has completed their senior year (12th grade), they will earn a high school diploma.

If a child would like to continue on with their education or want to start a career, they can apply for college. After four years at a university or college, they will earn a bachelor's degree in one subject. Students can also choose to attend a two-year community college. Some two-year community colleges are called "Junior colleges". Colleges are not required and are not forced by local laws. Students must pay to attend college, but the price is lowered if they get a scholarship. After college, the now adult can earn a number of certificates for a career. Graduate school is another option after college. A student can earn a master's degree or Ph.D. in any subject. They may go to medical school to earn an M.D. and become a physician, law school to earn a J.D. and become a lawyer, or business school to earn an MBA.


1961 Memorial Cup

The 1961 Memorial Cup final was the 43rd junior ice hockey championship of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. The teams involved were the Toronto St. Michael's Majors of the Ontario Hockey Association who played against the Edmonton Oil Kings of the Central Alberta Hockey League. St. Michael's won their 4th Memorial Cup, defeating Edmonton 4 games to 2.


Arnie Brown, Andre Champagne, Gerry Cheevers, Jack Cole, Paul Conlin, Terry Clancy, Bruce Draper, Dave Draper, Dave Dryden, Roger Galipeau, Paul Jackson, Larry Keenan, Duncan MacDonald, Bill MacMillan, Barry MacKenzie, Peter Noakes, Terry O'Malley, Sonny Osborne, Brian Walsh. Coach: Father David Bauer.

Ergonomic keyboard

An ergonomic keyboard is a computer keyboard. It has a more comfortable, ergonomic design to lower the chances of muscle strain and a lot of other related problems. These keyboards are created in a "V" shape. This can allow the right and left hand to type in a more natural position.

1962 Memorial Cup

The 1962 Memorial Cup final was the 44th junior ice hockey championship of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. The teams playing were the Hamilton Red Wings of the Ontario Hockey Association who completed against the Edmonton Oil Kings. Hamilton won their 1st Memorial Cup, defeating Edmonton 4 games to 1. 


Bud Blom, Joe Bujdoso, Bryan Campbell, Bob Dean, John Gofton, Bob Hamilton, Ron Harris, Larry Harrop, Earl Heiskala, Paul Henderson, Roger LaFreniere, Lowell MacDonald, Pit Martin, Jim Peters, Wayne Rivers, Bob Wall, Jack Wildfong, Larry Ziliotto. Captain: Howie Menard Coach: Eddie Bush

1961 in sports

1961 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.









Men's professional
Men's amateur
Women's professional


Steeplechases
Flat races









2011 in sports

2011 in sports will describe the year's events in world sport.












28 April- 2 May – The Walt Disney World Resort, Orlando, Florida, USA




September 24-25, Sydney Olympic Park Sports Centre, New South Wales















The following is a list of major noteworthy MMA events during 2011 in chronological order.
UFC Fight Night: Seattle






2011
April
15th – 20th National Netball Championships 17/U & 19/U

June
9th Diamonds v Silver Ferns, Palmerston North

12th Diamonds v Silver Ferns, Auckland

July
3rd – 10th World Netball Championships 2011

12th – 17th National Netball Championships 21/U

30th Jul – 18th Sep Australian Netball League 2011

September
8th – 11th NetFest 2011 – Netball on the Gold Coast

October
9th Diamonds v England, Newcastle

12th Diamonds v England, Canberra

16th Diamonds v England, Sydney

23rd Diamonds v Silver Ferns, Perth

26th Diamonds v Silver Ferns, Adelaide

30th Diamonds v Silver Ferns, Melbourne












Rafael Correa

Rafael Vicente Correa Delgado born April 6, 1963 in Guayaquil, was the 43rd President of Ecuador, and in 2009-2010 was the president "pro tempore" of the UNASUR.

Correa was elected President of Ecuador in late 2006 and took office in January 2007. In December 2008, he declared Ecuador's national debt illegitimate, based on the argument that it had been contracted by despotic prior regimes.

Correa's first term in office had been due to end on January 15, 2011, but the new approved constitution, written by the new National Assembly, called for general elections for April 26, 2009. In that election, Rafael Correa won in the first round with 51.9% of votes counted.

Rafael Correa was raised in a working class family from Guayaquil, the country's largest city. His father was Rafael Correa Icaza, born in the Province of Los Ríos, Ecuador, 23 March 1934, and deceased 10 June 1995. His mother is Norma Delgado Rendón, born 1 September 1939. His parents had three more children: Fabricio Correa, Pierina Correa and Bernardita Correa.

He attended primary and secondary school in San José-La Salle School in Guayaquil. During his youth he was a boy scout. Correa met his future Vice President, Jorge Glas while they were scouts as youth.

During his secondary studies he was president of the Lasallian Student Cultural Association ("ACEL" in Spanish). Afterwards and based on his academic achievements, he was given a scholarship to study at the Catholic University of Santiago de Guayaquil (UCSG in Spanish), a private higher education institution in Guayaquil, Ecuador, where he obtained an undergraduate degree in economics in 1987.

Elissa

Elissar Zakaria Khoury () was born on October 27, 1972 in Deir el Ahmar, Lebanon. She is known simply as "Elissa". She is a Lebanese singer. 

Elissa was born on October 27, 1972 to a Lebanese father Zakaria Khoury and a Syrian mother Youmna Suud. In 1992, she competed in "Studio El Fan" and won a silver medal. She released her debut album "Baddi Doub" in 1999 with EMI. In 2006, Elissa released "Bastanak", her fifth studio album. "Bastanak" () became her most successful album. It peaked at number-one in eight Arab music charts. The album won the World Music Award for "Best Arabic Artist". She has done a lot of duets with famous Arab and international singers as well. She has done duets with Ragheb Alama, Cheb Mami, Fadl Shaker, Chris DeBurgh and Gypsy Kings.


Bastanak

Bastanak (; in ) is the fifth studio album by Lebanese singer Elissa. The album won the World Music Award in 2007. Elissa was awarded "Best Lebanese Artist of the Year". The album peaked at number-one in eight Arab music charts.

The lead single from the album was also called "Bastanak". The song became one of Elissa's signature songs, and helped Elissa to perform at more venues across the world. The song "Bastanak" peaked at number-one in several Arab music charts.

A conflict between Elissa and another female Arab singer began to get media attention. The other Arab singer accused Elissa of stealing the lyrics of the song from a composer that left the lyrics by mistake at her house. The composer was Elissa's friend who had helped her with writing songs for her albums. Elissa then stated that she was wrong and said that she indeed wrote the entire song by herself.

"Bastanak" is performed on E minor with 100 beats per minute. The song has folk fusion, roots reggae, R&B and Arabic pop music genres. The song talks about a lonely sad girl wishing to be with her boyfriend. In the song she states that each guy she has been has not been the same. She also states that she will wait for days, months and even years to be with him once again.

A music video, which was directed by Brandon Dickerson, was released in the summer of 2007. The music video starts off with Elissa in a restaurant enjoying her day with her friends. The video then turns to the next scene with Elissa in a angel outfit. The concept of the song was also in the music video. Elissa goes about her day feeling sad while guys hit on her.

Pepsi also released a commercial with Elissa singing the song. The commercial also had American singer Christina Aguilera singing a song from her album "Back to Basics" (2006). The video has Elissa singing the hook of the song to a guy during a snow storm and to two young Chinese girls in China.


Order of the Solar Temple

The Order of the Solar Temple (or Ordre du Temple Solaire, International Chivalric Organization of the Solar Tradition) was a secret society that existed in the second half of the 20th century and that was based on the belief that the Knights Templar still existed. OTS was started by Joseph Di Mambro and Luc Jouret in 1984 in Geneva as "l'Ordre International Chevaleresque de Tradition Solaire" (OICTS) and renamed "Ordre du Temple Solaire". OTS is considered to be a sect. The organisation was involved in mass suicides in France, Switzerland and Canada. The beliefs of the society were a mix of protestant Christianity and New Age philosophy; it also used and changed different Freemason rituals. 

Epistemic community

Epistemic community is a large network of people who work towards a common knowledge-based goal—like the community of people who work together to create and maintain Wikipedia.

An epistemic community is a group of people who do not have any specific history together. They join to form a kind of community based on a similar focus on an information-based project. 

The community group can be made of people with a range of special interests.

This kind of community has four characteristics or typical features:

The shared explanations for how the community functions includes "the appalling silence of good people", which encourages the growth of perverse incentives.

An example of a scientific epistemic community is the 1975 Mediterranean Action Plan (MAP). This is a marine pollution control regime for the Mediterranean Sea developed by the United Nations.




Biosemiotics

Biosemiotics is a science where the models of sign processes are used to study living systems. Unlike biophysics, biochemistry and molecular biology, sciences where the quantitative physical laws are used to explain the living things, biosemioticians study the organisms and phenomena of life on the basis of qualitative semiotic principles.


University of Tartu

University of Tartu is the main university in Estonia. It is in Tartu. It is the second oldest university in Northern Europe. It was established in 1632. The first pharmacology department in the world was set up here by Rudolf Buchheim in 1847. 

The university is particularly famous due to its semiotics school established by Juri Lotman.

Marcel Dionne

Marcel Elphege "Little Beaver" Dionne (born August 3, 1951) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings and New York Rangers. Dionne entered the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1992.

Infant mortality

Infant mortality is a measure of how many babies die during the first 12 months after birth. It is usually measured as being a number of deaths for every thousand births. The rate of infant mortality in a given place is the total number of babies dying under one year of age divided by the total number of live births during the year, then all multiplied by 1,000. For example, in 2009 the infant mortality rate in the USA was 6.8. That means for every 1000 births, 6.8 babies will die before the age of one.


What a Girl Wants

"What a Girl Wants" is a 1999 pop song by American singer Christina Aguilera, from her first album "Christina Aguilera". It peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was nominated for "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance" at the 43rd Grammy Awards but lost to Macy Gray's "I Try".

Bryan Trottier

Bryan John Trottier (born July 17, 1956) is a Canadian-American retired professional ice hockey centre who played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Islanders and Pittsburgh Penguins. He won four Stanley Cups with the Islanders, two with the Penguins and one as an assistant coach with the Colorado Avalanche.

On August 4, 2014, Trottier was hired to be an assistant coach of the Buffalo Sabres.


Woohoo

"Woohoo" is a song sung by Christina Aguilera and Nicki Minaj, from Aguilera's 2010 album "Bionic". The song was written by Aguilera, Minaj, Claude Kelly, Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones and Ester Dean. It is a uptempo electrohop song with R&B and hip hop influences; lyrically it speaks of cunnilingus. The song was released on May 18, 2010 as the second single from Aguilera's "Bionic" album.

Australian gold rushes

The Australian gold rush was a large number of gold discoveries in Australia. Thousands of people came to Australia in the hope of finding a lot of gold and becoming rich. The rush started in 1851 when gold was found near Bathurst, New South Wales and ended with the last rush in 1893 to Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. At each place gold was easily found in rivers and creeks. This was known as alluvial gold and could be found by individual miners using very basic equipment such as a spade and a dish. In most places this alluvial gold was taken in the first few months. To get at the gold that was buried deeper in the ground meant that the miners needed to work together to dig tunnels. Eventually large companies were formed to raise money so that deep gold mines could be built.

The gold rushes happened when alluvial gold was found. Miners would quickly move there in the hope of being the first to find the surface gold. For example, miners rushing to Clunes, Victoria in August 1851, quickly changed their minds and went to Buninyong when they heard of a new gold discovery. Weeks later gold was found at Ballarat a few miles to the north and within six weeks there were more than 10,000 people digging. But by 1852 most miners had left Ballarat and rushed to the new goldfields at Bendigo. In 1854, miners in Ballarat were angry and upset at paying for gold licences. They burned their licences and raised the Eureka Stockade flag in protest. The miners fought soldiers and police officers to protect their rights. This was called the Eureka Stockade. Many people died, but afterwards the miners didn't have to pay for their licences anymore.

The gold rush finished at the end of the 1850s, but gold was still found throughout Australia up until the 1890s.

Gold had been found in Australia before the 1851 gold rush. At first people would not believe the stories. A convict who found gold near Bathurst in 1823 was given 150 lashes with a whip as it was believed he must have stolen it. The explorer Count Paul Strzelecki found gold in the Australian Alps in 1839. The government kept it a secret as they did not want to lose control of the convicts if they went rushing off to search for gold. Gold was also found at:

The first gold rush was in New South Wales. There were many others during the next 30 years.






Romney Marsh

Romney Marsh is a coastal marshland of southern England. It runs from Hythe in Kent to Rye in East Sussex. It covers about 100 miles (260 km). Romney Marsh is one of three English wetlands, the others being The Fens of East Anglia and the Somerset Levels.

Much of the area has been reclaimed over the centuries, and is now flat farmland. Before the area was drained, it was a cause of malaria among the inhabitants. For much of its history, the Marsh was fringed by a lagoon, which was protected by a shingle beach at Dymchurch.

The Marsh still contains some water features, particularly the Royal Military Canal, completed in 1809, and the River Rother.

At Romney Marsh the coast is at its closest to France, and was several times the point of invasion. In AD 892, a Danish fleet of 250 ships sailed right into the River Rother and took the fortress at Appledore (allegedly built by King Arthur), which they destroyed.

The Romans used the Romney area for a salt industry. Pans of brackish water were left to evaporate, and the salt collected for use in food.

The marsh includes two of the ancient Cinque Ports, New Romney and Hythe, and two ancient towns, Rye and Winchelsea. New Romney was once a port, but is now a mile and a half from the sea. It is the main centre of population on the Marsh.

Padua Airport

Padua Airport or Gino Allegri () , in Padua, Italy, is the principal airport serving Padua.

Toxaphene

Toxaphene is a chemical substance that is very toxic. It is a persistent organic pollutant, and one of the twelve substances listed in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants. Its use is banned since 1993. It was used as an insecticide. It was mainly the cotton and soybean growers who used it. It was also used to treat Mange in cattle. The substance damages the lungs, the nervous system and the kidneys. It is a carcinogen and causes mutations and birth defects. Because it is very volatile, it travels easily through the environment. 

Eduard Strauss

Eduard Strauss (b. Vienna, 15 March 1835, d. Vienna, 28 December 1916) was a Viennese composer of light music. He was also a conductor. He was the brother of the more famous composers Johann Strauss II and Josef Strauss, the son of Johann Strauss I, and the father of Johann Strauss III.


Jug (container)

A jug is a type of container that holds liquid (e.g. water). It has an opening that is often small. This is where the liquid is poured from. Jugs nearly always have a handle.


Paul Goldschmidt

Paul Edward Goldschmidt (born September 10, 1987 in Wilmington, Delaware) is an American baseball player. He currently plays as a first baseman for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball (MLB). He debuted for the Diamondbacks on August 1, 2011 in a game against the San Francisco Giants.


Dendritic cell

Dendritic cells (DCs) are white blood cells forming part of the mammalian immune system. They process antigen material from pathogens and put it on their surface. There it touches other cells of the immune system. So, dendritic cells are antigen-presenting cells. They act as messengers between the innate and adaptive immune systems.

Dendritic cells are present in tissues in contact with the external environment. These tissues are the skin, and the inner lining of the nose, lungs, stomach and intestines. They can also be found in an immature and mature state in the blood.

Dedritic cells develop from monocytes, white blood cells which circulate in the body. Depending on the signal, monocytes turn into either dendritic cells or macrophages. The monocytes are formed from stem cells in the bone marrow.

Immature dendritic cells constantly sample their surrounds for pathogens such as viruses and bacteria. This is done through pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) such as the toll-like receptors (TLRs). 

They eat pathogens and break down their proteins into small pieces and put these fragments on their cell surface using MHC molecules. Once activated, these cells move to the lymph nodes and become mature. They switch on cell-surface receptors which activate T cells and B cells to start and shape the adaptive immune response.

Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans (Langerhans cells) in the late nineteenth century. It wasn't until 1973, however, that Ralph Steinman and Zanvil Cohn gave them the name 'dendritic cells'. For discovering the central role of dendritic cells in the adaptive immune response, Steinman was awarded the Albert Lasker Award in 2007, and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2011.

Ralph Steinman

Ralph Marvin Steinman (January 14, 1943 – September 30, 2011) was a Canadian immunologist and cell biologist at Rockefeller University. He studied a kind of cell in the immune system and called them "dendritic cells". He made these discoveries while working in the laboratory of Zanvil A. Cohn. He was of Jewish descent.

On October 3, 2011, the Nobel Committee announced that Steinman had received one-half of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for "his discovery of the dendritic cell and its role in adaptive immunity". The other half went to Bruce Beutler and Jules Hoffmann, for "their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity". However, the committee did not know that Steinman had died three days earlier, on September 30, from pancreatic cancer. The committee considered what to do about Steinman's prize, since the rule is that the prize is not awarded posthumously.

The committee later decided that, as the decision to award the prize "was made in good faith", they would not change the award.

Steinman's daughter said that he had joked the previous week with his family about hanging on until the prize announcement. Steinman said: "I know I have got to hold out for that. They don't give it to you if you have passed away. I got to hold out for that".

Steinman had received numerous other awards and recognitions for his life-long work on dendritic cells, such as the Albert Lasker Award (2007), the Gairdner Foundation International Award (2003), and the Cancer Research Institute William B. Coley Award (1998). In addition, he was made a member of Institute of Medicine (U.S.A.; elected 2002) and the National Academy of Sciences (U.S.A.; elected 2001).

Residual-current device

A ground fault circuit interrupter (GFCI), or Residual Current Device (RCD) is a type of circuit breaker. This type shuts off electric power (or breaks the electrical circuit), to protect people from an electric shock caused when some of the current travels through a person's body due to an electrical fault such as a short circuit, insulation failure, or equipment that is not working right. 

Standard circuit breakers shut off power when the current is too high, like 10, 15, or 20 amps. This protects machinery, and is often good enough to prevent hurting people.

The GFCI / RCD breaks the circuit when it detects an imbalance of only 0.005 amps (0.030 amps in Australia and some European and Asian countries). Even this small amount of current, 0.030 amps, going through one human body might possibly kill, by causing paralysis of skeletal muscles and stopping the heart. 

A standard circuit breaker protects the house electrical wires, receptacles and switches, and appliances and fixtures from dangerous conditions, which could contribute to overheating and possible fire. A GFCI / RCD protects people from shock and electrocution and is often found in bathrooms or kitchens where electrical devices may be used near water. While using electrical devices in these locations, someone's bare skin may be in contact with water or a wet floor or metal fixtures. Any of these can provide an alternate path for current to travel in the case of an electrical fault. 

A GFCI / RCD can also prevent dangers from short circuits and other electrical faults that don't involve humans such as a low current short where the current never reaches the trigger point for a circuit breaker, e.g. a live wire falls in a tub of water or moist soil and only 1 or 2 amps of current flow.
GFCIs are available in two types: the circuit breaker that installs in an electrical panel, and the receptacle type that installs into an electrical box.

GFCIs are a suitable replacement for two prong outlets without a grounded wire. The National Electric Code requires GFCI protection in dwelling on kitchen counter tops, bathrooms, unfinished basements not intended as habitable rooms, crawl spaces, garages, sinks where the receptacles are installed within 6 feet from the top edge of the bowl of the sink, boathouses, bathtubs or shower stalls where receptacles are installed within 6 feet from the edge of the bathtub or shower, laundry areas, outdoors except for receptacles that are not readily accessible and are supplied by a branch circuit dedicated to electric snow-melting. De-icing, or pipeline and vessel heating equipment shall be installed in accordance with NEC 426.28 or 427.22 as applicable. 

GFCI protection is required on construction sites.

Calico cat

Calico cat is an American name for cats with three colors. Outside of North America they are usually called tortoiseshell cats or 'tortie-and-white'. A calico cat has a coat of orange or brown and black spots on a white background. It is not a breed of cat.

Nearly all calico cats are female. There are male calico cats, but they are very rare. Only one of every 3000 calico cats are male.

A single X chromosome can have either a black allele of the coloration gene or an orange version, but not both. However, a female cat has two X chromosomes, so it can have both versions, black on one chromosome and orange on the other, making the cat a calico. A male cat usually has one X chromosome and one Y chromosome. A Y chromosome does not have a color gene, so the cat can have either an orange or a black gene, but not both. Calico cats are often used as an example in biology classes when discussing sex chromosomes.

During the early stages of development, when the cat is still an embryo, in each cell one of the X chromosomes (either the black one or the orange one) deactivates. It is called X-inactivation. All cells that were copied from a cell with a deactivated X chromosome will also have the same X chromosome deactivated. This is what leads to formation of the spots. The earlier in development the X chromosomes deactivate, the larger the spots will be. Deactivation of one of the X chromosomes happens in all female mammals. The white coloring on a calico is from a separate gene unrelated to the orange or black genes. Whether or not a cat is a calico is determined by genetics, but the actual layout of the spots is not. The layout of the spots is almost random. It is not possible to selectively breed or clone calico cats: an attempt to clone a calico cat will produce a black and white cat or orange and white tabby cat. The tortoiseshell cat is similar, although on a tortoiseshell cat the spots are usually smaller and closer together and there is less or no white.
It is possible for a male cat to be a calico if it has Klinefelter's syndrome, where it has two X chromosomes and one Y chromosome, though not all cats with Klinefelter's syndrome are calico.

In Japan, calico cats are said to bring good luck. In many Japanese shops there is a calico Japanese Bobtail figurine called the Maneki Neko, which is said to bring good luck to the shop's owner.

Calico cats were, and still are, popular choices for a ship's cat. They are said to bring good luck to the ship's crew.




Bruce Beutler

Bruce Alan Beutler M.D. (born December 29, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American immunologist and geneticist of Jewish descent. Together with Jules Hoffmann, he received one-half of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for "discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity" (the other half went to Ralph Steinman for "his discovery of the dendritic cell and its role in adaptive immunity").

Beutler is currently Director of the Center for the Genetics of Host Defense at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas and Professor and Chairman of the Department of Genetics at The Scripps Research Institute, in La Jolla, California. His father, Ernest Beutler, a hematologist and medical geneticist, was also a Professor and Department Chairman at Scripps.

Beutler is best known for his pioneering molecular and genetic studies of inflammation and innate immunity. Interested in the mechanism by which lipopolysacchride (LPS) activates mammalian immune cells, Beutler identified the LPS receptor. Identification of the receptor hinged on the positional cloning (a method of gene identification) of the mammalian "Lps" locus, which had been known since the 1960s as a key gene for biological responses to LPS.

Beutler thus discovered the key sensors of microbial infection in mammals. He found that one of the mammalian toll-like receptors, TLR4, acts as the membrane-spanning component of the mammalian LPS receptor complex. The TLRs work in the perception of microbes. Ten are now known in humans. Each detects signature molecules produced early in an infection. These receptors also work in severe illness, including shock and systemic inflammation as it occurs in the course of an infection. They are also active in sterile inflammatory and autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus. The research on TLRs won him the Nobel Prize in 2011.

The positional cloning of "Lps" was completed in 1998. Beutler continued to analyse immunity in mammals. His work found numerous signalling molecules of the innate immune response, and helped to work out the biochemistry of innate immunity.

Jules Hoffmann

Jules A. Hoffmann (born 2 August 1941) is a Luxembourg-born French biologist. He is a research director and member of the board of administrators of the National Center of Scientific Research (CNRS) in Strasbourg, France. In 2007, he became President of the French Academy of Sciences. 

Together with Bruce Beutler, Hoffmann received one-half of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity". Hoffmann discovered the function of the fruit fly "Toll" gene in innate immunity. Its mammalian homologues, the toll-like receptors, were discovered by Beutler. Toll-like receptors identify constituents of other organisms like fungi and bacteria, and trigger an immune response. This explains how septic shock can be triggered by bacterial remains.

Hoffmann completed his PhD in biology at the University of Strasbourg in 1969. His post-doctoral training was at the Institut für Physiologische Chemie at Philipps-Universität in Marburg an der Lahn, Germany in 1973–1974.

Hoffmann was a research assistant at CNRS from 1964 to 1968, and became a research associate in 1969. Since 1974 he has been a Research Director of CNRS. Between 1978 and 2005 he was Director of the CNRS research unit "Immune Response and Development in Insects", and from 1993 to 2005 he was director of the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biology of CNRS in Strasbourg.

Hoffmann is a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, the French National Academy of Sciences, the Academia Europaea, the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Autoimmune disease

Autoimmune disease is when the body's immune system attacks its own body. The function of the immune system is to recognise and reject foreign bodies like bacteria. Sometimes the system goes wrong, and the body itself gets damaged by its immune system. Examples are:


Factoid

Factoid is stating a fact that is not backed up by evidence. The factoid may not be trusted because
Factoids become widely treated as if they were true. 

In 1973, the term "factoid" was created and first used by Norman Mailer. 

A factoid is "an item of unreliable information which is repeated so often that it becomes accepted as a fact". The most important thing is that the factoid is widely believed. A factoid refers to something that looks like a fact, could be a fact, but in fact is not a fact.

The term can also be used to describe partial information without context.

Allotropes of carbon

There are several allotropes of carbon. Diamond and graphite are the most famous. Graphite is a conductor, a semimetal (an element that is partially a metal and a nonmetal, such as black phosphorus and grey selenium). It can be used, for instance, as the material in the electrodes of an electrical arc lamp. Graphite is the most stable form of solid carbon ever discovered.

Allotropes are different forms of the same chemical element. All elements are made up uniquely of their own atoms. Any physical differences are because of how the atoms are joined together. Many elements show allotropy because there are a number of ways in which the atoms can be linked together. Also there are different ways in how the molecules can be arranged to make larger structures.

Diamond is one of the best known allotropes of carbon. Its hardness and high dispersion of light make it good for use in jewellery. It also has industrial uses. Diamond is the hardest known natural mineral. This makes it an excellent abrasive. A diamond also holds its luster well. Both diamond and graphite have extremely high melting point, which is unusual for nonmetallic element.

SpySheriff

SpySheriff, also known as Brave Sentry, SpyAxe, SpywareSheriff, Pest Trap, SpyTrooper, Spywareno, and MalwareAlarm, is malware that pretends to be real anti-spyware program. SpySheriff tries to trick the user into buying the program by making false warnings and alerts. It is very difficult to remove SpySheriff from computers, since it hides its parts in "System Restore" folders. SpySheriff also blocks some parts of the computer's administrative tools. Like other rogue antivirus programs, SpySheriff asks the user to register when they click "Remove found threats". SpySheriff can be removed by real antivirus programs.

Lunokhod 1

Lunokhod 1 was a lunar rover made by the Soviet Union. It was part of the Lunokhod programme. It was the first man made rover (vehicle) to land on another planet. It landed on the Moon on November 17, 1970. It drove around on the Moon for nearly a year, collecting information about the soil and landscape. The Lunokhod had only two speeds, 1 km/h or 2 km/h. It had four TV cameras and was controlled by a five person team on Earth.

It was lost for almost 40 years, but the space rocket which delivered the rover to the Moon was found in photos taken by the NASA Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. Scientists were then able to follow the rover's tracks and found the rover about 10 km away. They can now send laser beams to a reflector on the rover which will send them back to Earth. This will help them with measurements to find the exact centre of the Moon.

Salmonella enterica

Salmonella enterica is a rod-shaped bacterium. It is a member of the genus "Salmonella".

It causes typhoid fever. The symptoms of typhoid fever include nausea, vomiting, and fever. The main source of infection is from swallowing infected water. Food may also be able to pick up the bacterium if it is washed or grown with contaminated water.

Medusa (biology)

In biology, a medusa (plural: medusae) is a form of cnidarian in which the body is shaped like an umbrella. The other main body-form is the polyp. 

Medusae vary from bell-shaped to the shape of a thin disk, scarcely convex above and only slightly concave below. The upper or aboral surface is called the "exumbrella" and the lower surface is called the "subumbrella"; the mouth is on the lower surface, which may be partially closed by a membrane extending inward from the margin (called the "velum"). The digestive cavity consists of the gastrovascular cavity and radiating canals which extend toward the margin; these canals may be simple or branching, and vary in number from few to many. The margin of the disk bears sensory organs and tentacles.

In the class Hydrozoa, medusae are the sexual individuals of many species, alternating in the life cycle with asexual polyps. The medusa form of Hydrozoans are known as hydromedusae. A polyp is the form that attaches to a surface, while a medusa is the form that is free-floating; a species of cnidarian may take each form in a different phase of its life.

The medusa form predominates in the classes Scyphozoa (the common, colourful, large jellyfish) and Cubozoa. Except for freshwater hydrozoans like "Craspedacusta sowerbyi", these are the only classes in which medusae appear.

Medusae may have many tentacles with which they catch their prey. Sometimes, people bathing in the ocean are touched by a medusa. Their tentacles are long and thin and covered in venomous stinging cells (known as nematocysts). They inject poison which immobilizes small fish. People who are stung should seek medical attention. There have been some deaths after severe medusa stings.


Expenditure

In economics an expenditure is when a company buys fixed assets that will create a benefit in the future, or when the company upgrades existing assets so that they can be used for a longer time. This constitutes an investment, as the benefits of the use usually last much longer than the fiscal year. Depreciation also happens: the cost that the company took to upgrade or buy the assets will usually not be deducted directly, in one year; depending on the form of calculation used, a part of the cost will be deducted each year, as a form of expense.

UN Women

UN Women is an organization of the United Nations made in 2010. It was made from United Nations Development Fund for Women for equality of gender and women's rights. Michelle Bachelet was the president of the UN Women.


Ruslan Salei

Ruslan "Rusty" Salei (Belarusian: Руслан Салей; November 2, 1974 – September 7, 2011) was a Belarusian professional ice hockey player. During 14 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) he played for the Detroit Red Wings, Colorado Avalanche, Florida Panthers and the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. On September 7, 2011, the Yakovlev Yak-42 passenger aircraft, carrying the entire Lokomotiv team including Salei crashed near Yaroslavl on its way to Minsk, Belarus.

Mr. Know It All

"Mr. Know It All" is a breakup song by Kelly Clarkson, released in September 2011. Its theme focuses on people that think as though they know it all, but don't really know anything. "Mr. Know It All" is among many hit songs from Clarkson.

Andrei Kostitsyn

Andrej Aliehavič Kaścicyn (Belarusian: Андрэй Алегавiч Касціцын; born February 3, 1985), better known as Andrei Kostitsyn, is a Belarusian professional ice hockey forward. Kostitsyn plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has a younger brother who also plays in the NHL for the Nashville Predators named Sergei.

Zygomycota

Zygomycota, or zygote fungi, is a large group of 1600 species of fungi. 

Fungi are put into groups by the way they reproduce. The name "Zygomycota" comes from zygosporangia, where strong and tough round shaped spores are formed during sexual reproduction. 

They are mostly found living in soil or on decaying plant or animal material. Some are parasites of plants, insects, and small animals. Others form symbiotic relationships with plants, where the plant and the fungi need each other to grow. 

Zygomycete hyphae may be a syncytium, that is, having a mass of nuclei not divided into separate cells. On occasion these can be divided into separate parts by a cell wall called a septum. This only happens where gametes are formed, or to wall off dead hyphae.

Sébastien Bordeleau

Sébastien Bordeleau (born February 15, 1975) is a Canadian-born French professional ice hockey forward, who plays for EHC Biel. NHL player Paulin Bordeleau is his father.

Philippe Bozon

Philippe Bozon (born November 30, 1966 in Chamonix, Haute-Savoie, France) is a former professional ice hockey player who played for the St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League (NHL). Bozon was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame in 2008.

Nizari

The Nizari are the third biggest group of Shiite Ismailites. They emphasize social justice, pluralism and human reason in the framework of Islam. They are the second-largest group of Shiites. There are about 15-20 million, spread over many countries; in Pakistan up to 05% of the people may follow this faith. Nizari still have an imam that is descended from Ali, the current imam is Karim Aga Khan IV.

Invisible College

The Invisible College was the name given to themselves by a group of like-minded scientists and natural philosophers in England in the mid-17th century. The informal association is considered to have been one of the origins of the Royal Society.

The purpose of the invisible college was to encourage each other to develop scientific knowledge through experiments and other kinds of investigation.

Some of the members of the Invisible College were among the founders of the Royal Society in 1660, including Robert Boyle, John Wilkins and Samuel Hartlib.

The concept of invisible college was developed in the sociology of science by Diane Crane, building on de Solla Price's work on citation networks. It is related to, but significantly different from, other concepts of expert communities, such as "Epistemic communities", or "Communities of Practice". Recently, the concept was applied to the global network of communications among scientists by Caroline S. Wagner.

In fiction it is mentioned in the novel "The Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown, and was the inspiration for the Unseen University in the works of Terry Pratchett.


List of WWE Divas Champions

The WWE Divas Championship was a professional wrestling championship made in 2008 by the WWE. The wrestlers with the most reigns as Divas Champion are Eve Torres and AJ Lee with 3 each. The longest reigning champion is Nikki Bella with the aid of her sister Brie Bella, holding the championship for 301 days. There is no longer a Divas championship as the WWE doesn't want the women to be classed as a diva and now calls them WWE Superstars like the men. The WWE Women's Championship replaced the title at WrestleMania 32.




Steve Wozniak

Stephen "Steve" Gary Wozniak (born August 11, 1950) also known by his nickname "WOZ" is an American electrical engineer, computer programmer, and philanthropist. He co-founded Apple Computer with Steve Jobs and Ronald Wayne which later became Apple.

Steve Wozniak was born on August 11, 1950 in San Jose, California. He is the son of Jerry Wozniak and Margaret Kern. His father was an engineer at Lockheed Martin. Wozniak is of Polish, German, English and Irish ancestry. The family emigrated to the United States. He grew up with a strong interest in electronics. He experimented by making his own devices such as a voltmeter, ham radio and electronic games. School, however, bored him. He flunked out at the University of Colorado. He then enrolled at the University of California. In 1971, he and Steve Jobs met while working on a mainframe computer at Hewlett-Packard (HP). Like Wozniak, Jobs was interested in electronics and both hated school. Wozniak dropped out of the University of California.

Wozniak and Jobs worked out of a family garage on developing a personal computer the average person could use. Wozniak worked on the designing and building the machines while Jobs worked on marketing the computers. In 1976 they founded the company called Apple Inc.. But Wozniak was working for Hewlett-Packard at the time. As a condition of his employment he had signed an Intellectual property agreement. This meant that anything he invented was the property of Hewlett-Packard. But HP was not interested in his "Apple I" computer invention which left him free to do what he wanted with it. They began selling Apple I computers that same year. In 1977, they made their second computer called the Apple II which was very successful. They went on to produce the Apple III. But the Apple I, II and III computers were text-based machines. Jobs wanted to invent something completely new. The two were working on a new computer they called the Apple Lisa. Jobs made a deal with Xerox who then owned PARC, the Palo Alto Research Center. In return for three days access to PARC, Xerox could buy 100,000 shares of Apple stock for $10 each. Wozniak and Jobs were amazed at what they saw at PARC. Xerox had built a computer called the Xerox Alto but had not marketed it. The Alto had a Graphical user interface instead of being simply text-based. It used a computer mouse to point and click on objects on the computer's screen. Jobs decided all Apple computers from that time on would use a mouse.

In 1985, Wozniak left Apple and sold most of his stock. He remained an Apple employee and still received an annual salary. He returned to the University of California, Berkeley in 1986 to complete his degree in electrical engineering.

He also started a number of other projects. These include starting CL 9, which created a universal remote control. Wozniak founded Wheels of Zeus which developed wireless GPS-enabled products. He joined the board of directors of Danger Inc. which produces mobile computing hardware and software. He also spent a few years teaching grade school.

In 1985, US President Ronald Reagan presented Wozniak (with Steve Jobs) the National Medal of Technology. In December 1989, he received an honorary Doctor of Engineering degree from the University of Colorado at Boulder, where he studied in the late sixties. Later he donated funds to create the "Woz Lab" at the University of Colorado at Boulder. In 1997, the Computer History Museum named him one of its Fellows. Wozniak was a key contributor and benefactor to the Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose; the street in front of the museum has been renamed Woz Way in his honor.

In September 2000, Wozniak was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 2001 he was awarded the 7th Annual Heinz Award for Technology, the Economy and Employment. The American Humanist Association awarded him the Isaac Asimov Science Award in 2011.

In December 2005, Kettering University gave Wozniak an honorary Doctor of Engineering degree
He also received an honorary degrees from North Carolina State University, Nova Southeastern University, and the Telluride Tech Festival Award of Technology. In May 2011, Michigan State University gave Wozniak an honorary Doctor of Engineering degree.

On June 22, 2011, he was awarded an honorary degree at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada.


Krzysztof Oliwa

Krzysztof Artur Oliwa (pronounced ; born April 12, 1973) is a Polish former professional ice hockey player.


Edward Leier

Edward "Eddie" Leier (born 3 November 1927) is a Polish-born former baseball player, track athlete, and ice hockey player. As a professional ice hockey player he played two seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League.

Knut Andresen

Knut Andresen (born 1959 in Asker, Norway) is a former Norwegian ice hockey player who played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics.

Nik Antropov

Nikolai Aleksandrovich Antropov (Russian: Николай Александрович Антропов; born February 18, 1980) is a former Kazakh professional ice hockey forward for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Kevin Dallman

Kevin Jonathan Dallman (born February 26, 1981) is a former Kazakhstani-Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that plays for and captains Barys Astana of the KHL. He also played for the Boston Bruins, St. Louis Blues, and Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Dallman became a citizen of Kazakhstan and is now eligible to play for the country in international competitions. Kevin has also expressed interest in playing for Kazakhstan internationally.

Alliance, Nebraska

Alliance, Nebraska is an average-sized city in the panhandle of Nebraska. The community consists of mostly farmers and ranchers.

Yelena Chernykh

Yelena Chernykh (née Kolesnichenko; August 24, 1979—October 4, 2011) was a Russian theatre actress.

32-year-old Yelena was killed in a car crash that took place October 4, 2011 in Novoanninsky. Together with her died her colleagues, 59-year-old Alexander Egorov and 52-year-old Valentin Yudina.

At the time her death Yelena was married to Yegor Chernykh with whom she had a daughter named Anastasia Chernykh (b.2002).

Brian Schmidt

Brian P. Schmidt (born February 24, 1967) is a Distinguished Professor, Australian Research Council Laureate Fellow and astrophysicist at the Australian National University Mount Stromlo Observatory and Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics. He is widely known for his research in using supernovae as Cosmological Probes. He currently holds an Australia Research Council Federation Fellowship. Schmidt shared both the 2006 Shaw Prize in Astronomy and the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics with Saul Perlmutter and Adam Riess for providing evidence that the expansion of the universe is accelerating.

Schmidt, an only child, was born February 24, 1967 in the Montana mountains. His father, Dana C. Schmidt, was a fisheries biologist. When he was 13, his family moved to Anchorage, Alaska.

Schmidt went to Bartlett High School in Anchorage, and graduated in 1985. He has said that he wanted to be a meteorologist "since I was about five-years-old" but "... I did some work at the US National Weather Service up in Anchorage and didn't enjoy it very much. It was less scientific, not as exciting as I thought it would be - there was a lot of routine. But I guess I was just a little naive about what being a meteorologist meant." He decided to study astronomy just before he started at university. He was graduated BS(Physics), BS(Astronomy) from the University of Arizona in 1989. He received his MA (1992) and then PhD from Harvard University in 1993. Schmidt's PhD thesis was supervised by Robert Kirshner and used Type II Supernovae to measure the Hubble Constant.
At Harvard, he met his future wife, an Australian, Jenny Gordon who was studying for a PhD in economics. In 1994, he moved to Australia.

Schmidt was a Postdoctoral Fellow at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (1993-94) before moving to Mount Stromlo Observatory in the Australian Capital Territory in 1995. 

Schmidt and Adam Riess led the High-z Supernova Search Team which found evidence that the Universe's expansion rate is now accelerating. They discovered this by looking at Type 1a Supernova. The discovery was the opposite of the current theory that the expansion of the universe was slowing down. By studying the color shifts in the light from the supernova from Earth, they discovered that these billion-year old nova were still accelerating. This result was also found about the same time by the Supernova Cosmology Project, led by Saul Perlmutter. With two studies getting the same result scientists now accept the accelerating universe theory. New research is now trying to understand the nature of the universe, such as the existence of dark matter. The discovery of the accelerating universe was named 'Breakthrough of the Year' by Science Magazine in 1998. Schmidt was jointly awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics along with Reiss and Perlmutter for their groundbreaking work.

Schmidt is currently leading the SkyMapper telescope Project and the associated Southern Sky Survey.

Schmidt has received the Australian Governments Malcolm McIntosh Prize in 2000, Harvard University's Bok Prize in 2000, the Australian Academy of Science's Pawsey Medal Medal in 2001, and the Vainu Bappu Medal of the Astronomical Society of India in 2002. He was the Marc Aaronson Memorial Lecturer in 2005, and in 2006, he shared the Shaw Prize in Astronomy with Adam Riess and Saul Perlmutter.

Schmidt and the other members of the High-Z Team (the set defined by the co-authors of Riess et al. 1998) shared the 2007 Gruber Cosmology Prize, a $500,000 award, with Saul Perlmutter of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the Supernova Cosmology Project (the set defined by the co-authors of Perlmutter et al. 1999) for their discovery of the accelerating expansion of the universe.

Schmidt, along with Riess and Perlmutter, jointly won the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics for their observations which led to the discovery of the accelerating Universe.




Crab Nebula

The Crab Nebula (catalogue designations M1, NGC 1952, Taurus A) is a supernova remnant and 'pulsar wind nebula' in the constellation of Taurus. The nebula was observed by John Bevis in 1731; it corresponds to a bright supernova recorded by Chinese and Islamic astronomers in 1054. In 1840, astronomer William Parsons gave it the name it has today.

The nebula is about 6,500 light-years (2 kpc) from Earth. It has a diameter of 11 ly (3.4 pc) and expands at a rate of about 1,500 kilometers per second. It is part of the Perseus Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy.

At the center of the nebula lies the Crab pulsar, a neutron star (or spinning ball of neutrons), 28–30 km across, which emits pulses of radiation from gamma ray bursts to radio waves with a spin rate of 30.2 times per second. The nebula was the first astronomical object identified with a historical supernova explosion.

The nebula acts as a source of radiation for studying celestial bodies between it and us. In the 1950s and 1960s, the Sun's corona was mapped from observations of the Crab's radio waves passing through it, and in 2003, the thickness of the atmosphere of Saturn's moon Titan was measured as it blocked out X-rays from the nebula.

The cloudy remnants of SN 1054 are now known as the Crab Nebula. The nebula is also referred to as Messier 1 or M1, being the first Messier object catalogued in 1758.

Previous analysis showed that with X-ray and gamma ray energies above 30 keV, the Crab is the strongest persistent source in the sky. Its flux (energy emission) was known to be above 10 eV.

However, recent work has shown the energy levels are much higher than previously thought. Scientists found emissions at more than 100 GeV (gigaelectronvolts) – 100 billion times more energetic than visible light.

The creation of the Crab Nebula corresponds to the bright SN 1054 supernova, which was recorded by Chinese astronomers in 1054 AD. The Crab Nebula itself was first observed in 1731 by John Bevis. The nebula was independently rediscovered in 1758 by Charles Messier as he was observing a bright comet. Messier catalogued it as the first entry in his catalogue of comet-like objects. The Earl of Rosse observed the nebula at Birr Castle in 1848, and referred to the object as the Crab Nebula because a drawing he made of it looked like a crab. 
In the early 20th century, the analysis of early photographs of the nebula taken several years apart revealed that it was expanding. Tracing the expansion back revealed that the nebula must have become visible on Earth about 900 years ago. Historical records revealed that a new star bright enough to be seen in the daytime had been recorded in the same part of the sky by Chinese astronomers in 1054. Given its great distance, the daytime 'guest star' observed by the Chinese could only have been a supernova—a massive, exploding star, having exhausted its supply of energy from nuclear fusion and collapsed in on itself.

Recent analysis of historical records have found that the supernova that created the Crab Nebula probably appeared in April or early May, rising to its maximum brightness of between apparent magnitude −7 and −4.5 (brighter than everything in the night sky except the Moon) by July. The supernova was visible to the naked eye for about two years after its first observation. Thanks to the recorded observations of Far Eastern and Middle Eastern astronomers of 1054, Crab Nebula became the first astronomical object recognized as being connected to a supernova explosion.

Trackball

In computing, a trackball is a pointing input device. It consists of a ball held by a socket containing sensors to detect a rotation of the ball about two axes. It is like an upside-down mouse with a ball that sticks out. The user rolls the ball with the thumb, fingers or the palm of the hand to move a cursor and can click one of two buttons (identical to mouse buttons) near the trackball to select desktop objects or position the cursor for text entry. Currently only three major companies: Logitech, A4Tech and Kensington make many of them. Microsoft was once a major producer. 

Large trackballs are sometimes seen on computerized special-purpose workstations, such as the radar consoles in an air traffic control room, or sonar equipment on a ship or submarine, or computer-aided design. Potentiometers capture the trackball orientation.

Many notebook and laptop computers in the late 20th century used a small trackball. It was usually located in front of the keyboard toward the user. IBM's ThinkPad series of notebook computers use a "pointing stick", called a TrackPoint, that is integrated into the middle of the keyboard keys.

Binary pulsar

A binary pulsar is a pulsar with a binary companion, often a white dwarf or neutron star. In at least one case, the double pulsar PSR J0737-3039, the companion star is another pulsar as well. 

Binary pulsars are one of the few objects which allow physicists to test general relativity in the case of a strong gravitational field. Although the binary companion to the pulsar is usually difficult or impossible to observe, the timing of the pulses from the pulsar can be measured with extraordinary accuracy by radio telescopes. Binary pulsar timing has indirectly confirmed the existence of gravitational radiation and verified Einstein's general theory of relativity.

Two objects orbiting do not do so in absolutely circular paths. the paths are virtually always elliptical. So twice a circuit they are closest, and twice a circuit they are furthest away. This is obvious for the Earth and Sun, but the idea applies much more widely.

When the two bodies are close, the gravitational field is stronger, and the passage of time is slowed. With pulsars, the time between pulses (or ticks) is lengthened. As the pulsar clock travels more slowly through the weakest part of the field it regains time. This is a relativistic time delay. It is the difference between what one would expect to see if the pulsar were moving at a constant distance and speed around its companion, and what is actually observed.

Binary pulsars are one of the few tools scientists have to detect evidence of gravitational waves. Einstein’s theory of general relativity predicts that two neutron stars would emit gravitational waves as they orbit a common center of mass, which would carry away orbital energy, and cause the two stars to draw closer together. As the two stellar bodies draw closer to one another, often one pulsar will absorb matter from the other, causing a violent accretion process. This interaction can heat the gas being exchanged between the bodies and produce X-ray light which can appear to pulsate, causing binary pulsars to occasionally be referred to as X-ray binaries. This flow of matter from one stellar body to another is known as an accretion disk. Millisecond pulsars (or MSP's) create a sort of "wind", which in the case of binary pulsars can blow away the magnetosphere of the neutron stars and have a dramatic effect on the pulse emission.

The first binary pulsar, PSR B1913+16 or the "Hulse-Taylor binary pulsar" was discovered in 1974 at Arecibo by Joseph Taylor and Russell Hulse, for which they won the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physics. Pulses from this system have been tracked, without glitches, to within 15 μs since its discovery.

The 1993 Nobel Prize was awarded to Joseph Taylor and Russell Hulse after they discovered two such stars. While Hulse was observing a new pulsar, named PSR B1913+16, he noticed that the frequency with which it pulsed fluctuated. It was concluded that the simplest explanation was that the pulsar was orbiting another star very closely at a high velocity. Hulse and Taylor determined that the stars were equally heavy by observing these pulse fluctuations, which led them to believe the other spacial object was also a neutron star.

The observations made of the orbital decay of this star system was a near perfect match to Einstein’s equations. Relativity predicts that over time a binary system’s orbital energy will be converted to gravitational radiation. Data collected by Taylor and his colleagues of the orbital period of PRS B1913+16 supported this relativistic prediction. They reported in 1983 that there was a difference in the observed minimum separation of the two pulsars compared to that expected if the orbital separation had remained constant. In the decade following its discovery the system’s orbital period had decreased by about 76 millionths of a second per year. This means the pulsar was approaching its maximum separation more than a second earlier than it would have if the orbit had remained the same. Subsequent observations continue to show this decrease.

Zacarias Moussaoui

Zacarias Moussaoui (, Zakariyyā Mūsawī; born May 30, 1968) is a French citizen who plead guilty to conspiring to kill citizens of the United States as part of the September 11 attacks. As a result of his conviction, he is serving a life sentence without parole at the Federal ADX Supermax prison in Florence, Colorado.

Massari

Sari Abboud () or simply known as Massari () which means "money" in Arabic, is a Lebanese-born contemporary R&B/hip-hop singer. Massari was born in Beirut, Lebanon on December 10, 1980. His family moved to Canada while he was teenager. Massari began performing at a young age. Massari released his debut album "Massari" in 2005. The album was certified gold by the CRIA for selling 50,000 copies in that country alone. In 2009, Massari released "Forever Massari". The album sold over 120,000 copies in Lebanon and Canada, combined. 



Kid Nation

Kid Nation was a reality show. It first aired on the CBS network on September 19, 2007. The show featured 40 children, aged 8–15, living in a ghost town named "Bonanza Town". No one had lived in the town since the 19th century. The children were required to create a functioning society in the town, as well as set up a government system used to solve problems in the town.

At the end of each episode the council awards a cash prize which is a "gold star" worth $20,000 to one of the kids.


Big Brother 14 (American season)

Big Brother 14 is the upcoming fourteenth season of the US reality television show "Big Brother". The new season was announced during the season finale of "Big Brother 13". Julie Chen will continue to host the season. The season premier is scheduled to air on CBS in July 2012.


Austrian Hockey League

The Austrian Hockey League (Erste Bank Eishockey Liga) for sponsorship reasons, is the top level of ice hockey in Austria. EC KAC has won the most league titles, with 23.





bold - seasons in which league had teams outside Austria


Tamura, Fukushima

There are two well-known places to visit in Takine-cho. Abukuma Limestone Caves and the "Hoshi no Mura" ("Village of Stars") Observatory are popular with tourists.

Tamura has a only one international sister city:

And, one sister city in Japan:



Mount Stromlo Observatory

Mount Stromlo Observatory (MSO) just outside of Canberra, Australia, is part of the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the Australian National University (ANU).

The observatory was built in 1924 as The Commonwealth Solar Observatory. Mount Stromlo had already been used for observations in the previous decade, with a small observatory being built in 1911 by Pietro Baracchi using the Oddie telescope. The dome built to house the Oddie telescope was the first Commonwealth building built in the new Australian Capital Territory. Until World War II, the observatory specialised in solar and atmospheric observations. During the war the workshops made gun sights, and other optical equipment. After the war, the observatory began stellar and galactic astronomy and was renamed The Commonwealth Observatory.

When ANU began in 1946 in nearby Canberra, they shared staff and started graduate studies. In 1957 the Mount Stromlo Observatory became part of the ANU.

On January 18, 2003, a huge bushfire hit Canberra and Mount Stromlo. The observatory was surrounded by a plantation pine forest. Five telescopes, workshops, seven homes and the historic administration building were destroyed. The only telescope to escape the fires was the 1868 15-centimetre Farnham telescope. Some items from the fire are on display in the National Museum of Australia. They include a melted telescope mirror and a piece of melted optical glass (flint). The latter has pieces of charcoal and wire fused into it from the fierce heat of the fire.

Rebuilding is largely completed and the Observatory is now a major partner in the construction of the Giant Magellan Telescope. A copy of the Oddie telescope has been put on display at the observatory.

The MACHO project found the first example of the gravitational lensing of one star by another, known as Gravitational microlensing, in 1993 (Alcock et al. 1993; Paczynski 1996). This discovery was made by repeated imaging of the Magellanic Clouds with the 50-inch Great Melbourne Telescope using a mosaic of 8 2048 by 2048 pixel CCDs. The camera was made by the Centre for Particle Astrophysics in California (CFPA). At the time it was the largest digital camera ever built (Frame & Faulkner 2003). Between July 1992 and December 1999, the MACHO project made over 200 billion stellar measurements. The data was studied at the observatory and at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.

Brian Schmidt, an astrophysicist at Mount Stromlo, led an international group, the High-z Supernova Search Team, which looked at the rate of change of the Cosmic Expansion using type Ia supernovae. In 1998, the team discovered that cosmic expansion was accelerating, which was the opposite of the current theory. This universal acceleration means that dark energy must exist. The discovery was named the top science breakthrough of 1998 by "Science" magazine. In 2011, Brian Schmidt shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with Saul Perlmutter and Adam Riess for finding the evidence for the accelerating Universe.

The 2dF Galaxy Redshift Survey, co-led by Matthew Colless, began the largest galaxy red shift survey of its time. It was based at the Anglo-Australian Observatory (AAO) using the 3.9m Anglo-Australian Telescope between 1997 and 11 April 2002. The survey measured more than 245,000 galaxies. With the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, this provided the measurements of large scale structure in the low-redshift Universe.

The workshops at Mount Stromlo Observatory have built two instruments for the Gemini Telescope. This includes the near infrared integral field spectrometer, NIFS, used on Gemini-North, and the adaptive optics imager for Gemini-South, GSAOI. The NIFS was destroyed in the bushfires of 18 January 2003 and had to be rebuilt.

A new rapid survey telescope, SkyMapper, is under construction. SkyMapper will be built at the ANU's other observatory (Siding Spring) and operated remotely from Mount Stromlo.

Mount Stromlo Observatory is at an altitude of above sea level on Mount Stromlo.



Pietro Baracchi

Pietro Paolo Giovanni Ernesto Baracchi (1851–1926) was an Italian astronomer. He moved to Australia in the 1870s and worked at the Melbourne Observatory. In 1910 the Australian government asked him to find a suitable place for an observatory in the new Australian Capital Territory. Barrachi set up a small observatory on Mount Stromlo in May 1911. This was the first government building in Canberra and was the beginning of the Mount Stromlo Observatory. The observatory had a 9-inch (23 cm) telescope, donated by Ballarat gold miner, James Oddie.

Melbourne Observatory

The Melbourne Observatory, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, was built in 1861. It replaced an earlier observatory at Williamstown. The Melbourne Observatory is now part of Melbourne's Royal Botanic Gardens. The observatory had an important role as it used observations of the stars to keep accurate time. It also kept the weather records and scientists were able to make weather predictions.

In 1869 the observatory installed the Great Melbourne Telescope (48 inch) which at that time was the largest steerable telescope in world. There were problems with its size and image accuracy and by 1890 it was no longer used. As Melbourne increased in size the light from the city limited the use of the observatory for serious astronomy. The Great Melbourne Telescope was sold to the Mount Stromlo Observatory in Canberra in 1944. It was destroyed in a bushfire in 2003, but there are plans to rebuild it and set it up as a display at the Melbourne Observatory.

The Melbourne Observatory is no longer used, but the historic equipment is kept in working condition by the Astronomical Society of Victoria. This is an amateur group of volunteers interested in astronomy. They have regular tours, talks and observation nights using the telescopes. The historic buildings are now used as offices for the gardens, a cafe and a shop.


Matt Cooke

Matthew David Cooke (born September 7, 1978) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He plays for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Vancouver Canucks, Washington Capitals and Pittsburgh Penguins.

He is known as a pest because of his way of aggravating opponents. He has also faced many suspensions by the NHL. In 2009, He won the Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins.


Mencius

Mèng Kē (), who is usually known as Meng Zi ()，which means "Master Meng," or Mencius (which is the Latin form of Meng Zi), was not in the generation of students who worked directly with Confucius, but in the second generation after it. He lived from about 371 B.C. to about 289 B.C. Mencius regarded Confucius as the greatest teacher, and he wrote a book in which he tried to explain the full picture behind what Confucius taught. The book is just called by his name, so in English it is called the "Mencius."

In his book, Mencius taught that humans are born with four gifts: The first is the natural ability to feel what other people feel and to want to help and protect them. The second is to recognize when you are not doing your share of the job of maintaining a good society. The third is to recognize conflict situations before they grow big and to defuse them. The fourth is to recognize when some other people are hurting other people and want to obtain justice for those being hurt.

Mencius believed that just as the people owed things to the ruler, the ruler also owed things to the people. So if a man held the position of ruler but did not do the things for the people that a ruler should do, then it was acceptable for the people to get rid of the ruler, and even to kill him.

Mencius lived during the Zhōu dynasty.

The culture that Mencius came from believed that after people died they would have some kind of existence after life. That belief goes back to prehistorical times. At some time, people began to say that the dead go to 天 Tiān. Tiān has several meanings including "sky," "day," "Heaven," and "God." The earliest versions of the character 天 is a picture of a man with a very large head, which suggests "head man" or "leader." Since Chinese people believed that when any person dies he or she goes to Tiān, and that dead ancestors are more powerful than they were while still alive, it is possible that Tiān originally was the name of the earliest ancestor of the Zhōu ruling house from long before the fall of the previous dynasty, the Shàng. If that idea is correct, then "Tiān" first was a name for an ancestor. Later people may have forgotten that this very powerful spirit was originally a living human being, so Tiān became regarded as a god. After that, "Tiān" could have been used to name the place where the god lived, and since that place was high above us, it came to mean not only "Heaven," but also "the heavens," "sky," "day," etc.

China has myths that go back long before the Shàng and Zhōu dynasties. There were several culture heroes who were regarded as ancient wise emperors. There were Huáng Dì, known in English as the Yellow Emperor, Yáo, Shùn, and Yǚ, who all came before what is called the first dynasty, the Xià.

The story of how Yǚ came to be made emperor is very important to the Confucians. The myth says that the world started to become flooded and the father of Yǚ (whose name was Gǔn) tried to fix the problem by building dams. Gǔn was not successful because the water just kept coming and when it went over the top of the dams then all of the water that had built up came out very fast. So Yǚ took over the job of saving China and cleaned out all of the rivers so that the extra water could easily go to the sea.

Mencius does not tell the part of the story about Gǔn, but he does tell the part about how Yǚ made all the rivers deeper to drain the land. The lesson Mencius and the Chinese people learned from the story of Yǚ was that in all things it is better to give forces a way to get out that will not cause harm, and that damming forces up will always be bad in the long run.

The founders of the Zhōu dynasty believed in the idea that King Wen, the father of King Wu (who was the first to actually rule after the Shàng rulers were defeated), continued to be able to act in the world of human beings even after his death. He and his own father and grandfather were central figures in an important document called "The Brass-bound Coffer." Another important document is called "The Announcement of Duke Shao." Both of these documents introduce and support the idea that Tiān decides who will be the human to act as steward or helper to carry out the will of Tiān on earth, and the idea that Tiān will only let someone be king as long as he looks out for the welfare of all human beings.

Mencius told the story of Yü in his book at 3B:9:

At the time of [the sage emperor] Yao, the rivers ceased their normal flow and flooded the Central Kingdom. Then snakes and dragons took up residence and humans had no fixed abodes. Those in lower places created nests in the trees for themselves, and those in higher places made underground redoubts.

The "Book of Records" says: "The inundation alarms me." "Inundation" means "flood waters." Yü was employed to manage the flood. Yü dredged the earth and conveyed the water to the sea. He drove away the snakes and dragons and exiled them to the marshes. When water traveled through the land it formed the Yangze River, the Huai River, the Yellow River, and the Han River. Since the marshes were in remote and cut off places, the depredations visited upon humans by birds and beasts were eliminated, and after that humans got to live on the plains. After people's memories of both Yao and Shun fell into obscurity the way of the sages went into a steep decline.

At 4B:26, Mencius also said:If these wise ones could conduct themselves as did Yü in managing the flood waters, then what would there be to dislike about them? Yü managed the flood waters by doing his work in ways that involved no great fuss. If these wise ones could also conduct themselves without making any fuss, then their wisdom would be great.

For Mencius, Yü's way of doing things was the best. Yü was one of the great heroes of Mencius.

In the West there was a scientist named Konrad Lorenz (1903 - 1989) who studied animals. He was an ethologist, which means that he carefully studied the behavior of animals and tried to understand why they do the things that they ordinarily do. He saw, for instance, that if baby ducks see a human instead of a duck right after they hatch, they will ever after follow humans and take them to be their parents. He called this kind of learning "imprinting."

Mencius studied humans the way Lorenz studied other animals. Mencius was an ethologist too, but in the language of ancient China he was regarded as a "master," that is, a teacher. He was a Confucian, and Confucianism is sometimes called a religion. However, Mencius does not quote religious texts and try to get people to act the way those books say to act. He also does not name fundamental truths or axioms and try to figure out how people ought to act. So he is not like most people that we regard as either religious leaders or philosophers.

In modern times we separate philosophy from science, but in earlier times the kinds of studies we now call science were called "natural philosophy," and Mencius was basically a natural philosopher. His work led to the same general kind of knowledge that Lorenz learned about ducks and other animals. Mencius asked: what kinds of things do people do that keep families and communities working well, what kinds of things do they do that harm families and communities, and why do they do these thing?

Mencius said that we do not need to teach people to love the taste of good food. The feeling we have for fine cooking is natural. Similarly, he said, we have other natural feelings that are good gifts that we are all born with. We cannot really get rid of these gifts except by destroying ourselves, but we can allow them to be covered over so that they do not work right. It is a little like the way humans cannot just take off their noses and throw them away, but they can put plugs in their nostrils and spoil their ability to smell things. So it is important that humans not do anything that would prevent their four gifts from working well. It is too bad that people often let their four gifts get messed up. When humans are well nurtured and are protected from negative forces, then they will be good of their own free will.

The virtues or powers that humans have are things that they get directly from Heaven. These same things are in Heaven. When people do bad things, it is because their other parts have taken control away from their virtues/powers. Mencius gives a wonderful story that is called Ox Mountain as proof.

The Chinese word for what has been called "gifts" above is dé. It is a cognate of a word that means "to get," so one way of explaining it is to say that a dé is something that we get from Heaven. It means "virtue," but only in the sense that it is the power to do something. ("Virtue" has this meaning in English, too.) Humans have four virtues or powers. Here are their Chinese names, a translation of each, and an explanation of each:





Human beings might be able to live perfect lives if they had only these four kinds of motivations or emotional reactions to the world, but they have many other motivations. They include fear, anger, greed for wealth and power, sex, etc. Humans very easily learn that they can satisfy these drives more easily if they ignore the inputs from their virtues. For instance, a child who is large for his age may easily learn that he can take by force whatever he wants from other children his age.

Human beings are born with the four powers that would keep them from doing bad things, and they are also born with the many drives or motivations that can lead them to do bad things to satisfy these needs. So what determines who will be good and who will be bad?

Mencius observed that humans depend on one more important mental function. He called it the Zhì, which can sometimes be translated as "aspirations," but which in the case of Mencius is what we would call the will. Something has to decide what to do when the ethical impulses, the moral feelings, of what Mencius called the "four virtues," conflict with the ordinary impulses that are involved with hunger, sex, aggression, fear, etc. The part of humans that balances things and makes decisions is the zhì.

For Mencius, if an individual is functioning well, then his or her will can strike a healthy balance among all the impulses and can keep the virtues from being swamped by the ordinary desires. If a person's will is not in control, then that person may do damage to himself or herself, or to other people. So it is important while growing up to learn how to keep the zhì from getting taken over by other forces—or by other people.

The individual has a free-will choice about whether to integrate (put together so they will not fight each other) all his impulses and also his intellect, or to give up and just act on whatever impulse is being felt at the moment. So for Mencius the best path for a human being is to plan and to act to make himself or herself well balanced, integrated (not in a fight with himself or herself and wanting to do both one thing and its opposite), and so a useful person to society.

Somebody who operates at the very high end of the moral scale by "having his act together" is called a jūn zǐ, or "morally noble man." Mencius said: "That by which humans differ from the birds and the beasts is extremely small. Ordinary people get rid of it, but the morally noble man keeps it safe. [The sage emperor] Shun clearly saw the many creatures, and he made a close examination of human social relationships. His actions came out of his benevolence and his sense of duty. He did not act out [a phony] benevolence and sense of duty." So a jūn zǐ is somebody who has managed to hold onto the gifts that Heaven has given him, the gifts that can make humans act with benevolence, be led by a sense of duty, want to act in ways that will keep good relations with others, and try to aid and protect people who are being treated unfairly. To be a real jūn zǐ, the person has to have these true feelings and to act on them. It is not enough just to act as though one has these feelings.

According to Mencius, anyone can choose become a morally noble man. All it would take would be to really make that decision and then do it. Mencius talked about Yan Yuan, who was the favorite disciple of Confucius:

Yan Yuan said: "What kind of a man was Shun? What kind of a man am I? All it takes to be like him is to do it."

Of course Mencius realized that "just doing it" is much harder than talking about it. One has to keep watching oneself all the time.

One goal that Mencius had was to grow what he called an "unmovable mind." By those words he meant a mind that could not be knocked around by being hit from the outside. An "unmovable mind" is guarded against doing the wrong thing because one is angry, afraid, etc. Anything that can pull or push from the outside and make us go out of control could cause harm, but Mencius says that if the will and the four virtues/powers are well integrated, if the person is "really together," then these outside forces cannot take over control.

Every culture and every society has developed ways to prevent children from getting into too much trouble. Even in one community people may used several different strategies for getting and keeping control over their children. One way of controlling children is to beat them when they do things that the parents do not want them to do. Another way of controlling children is to make them feel guilty and expect to be severely punished because they are bad humans. A third way is to make children feel shame and expect people to laugh at them and then turn away from them. Method number four is to explain to children the likely results of their actions. "If you pull the dog's ears he will bite you." Many parents the world over use more than one of these methods, and they may use all of them from time to time.

The Chinese culture has another method that may not be well known and may be rarely practiced in other places—calling forth the use of the child's own virtue/power. When a child does something hurtful to someone else, instead of telling the child how bad he or she is the parents may say something like: "Just now we saw you take the eggs out of the sparrow's nest. We know that you are a good person at heart. So we wonder whether you thought about how the mother sparrow will feel when she comes back and finds her children gone. Would you like to put the eggs back now while they are still warm? The mother sparrow will be coming back soon."

The object of getting the child to look at the feelings that come up in his heart/mind when he or she really thinks about what he or she did is not to make the child feel like a horrible person, and not to make the child fear punishment. Once the child really listens to the quiet voice of what we in the West would call "the conscience," then the child will naturally feel what the mother sparrow would feel if she came home to an empty nest. The child will then do something so that the mother sparrow will not need to have that bad feeling. The next time the child may think about how the mother sparrow will feel before he or she steals any eggs.

It takes a long time to get really good at listing to these four gifts from Heaven, and it takes practice to understand the possible consequences of some things that one might do. So becoming a really good person is a lifetime job that is never really finished. In the traditional Chinese society, young people were encouraged to read both the stories of the past that showed good acts and also to read the books by people like Confucius and Mencius to get help in learning to see all the results and learning how to keep anger, fear, and all the other ordinary emotions from overpowering the four moral virtues/powers.

"Three Ways of Thought in Ancient China", by Arthur Waley

Radio frequency

The term Radio frequency refers to electromagnetic radiation in the range of frequencies lower than microwaves. Radio waves at these frequencies have been found useful for long-range communications. Among these frequencies, shortwave radio communications operate at frequencies that can be reflected by the ionosphere and therefore can bounce around the earth. Longwave frequencies are used for relatively short range communications such as the most ordinary of the commercial amplitude modulation (AM) radio stations. Their transmissions ordinarily do not get long bounces.

Different short-wave frequencies (with wavelengths shorter than 120 meters) can be reflected well and transmitted by long bounces around the world during times when different conditions prevail in the ionosphere. So transmitters for such organizations as VOA (Voice of America) and BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation) will change operating frequencies from month to month and also from time to time during a 24 hour period.

White-flippered penguin

The white-flippered penguin ("Eudyptula minor albosignata") is a subspecies of the little penguin. Their name comes from the unique white edges on their flippers (wings).

Chris Nilan

Christopher John Nilan (born February 9, 1958 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American retired professional ice hockey forward. He played 15 seasons and 688 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers and Boston Bruins organizations. He won the Stanley Cup with the Montreal Canadiens in 1986. His nickname was "Knuckles" because he was to fight with other players.

Solar telescope

A solar telescope is a special telescope used to look at the Sun. By using a range of special filters astronomers are able to study the Sun and look at sunspots and solar eclipses. A solar telescope also known as a special telescope orbits space.

a) Hubble

b) Observing the X-ray Chandra

Dave Semenko

David John Semenko (July 12, 1957 – June 29, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre that played 2 seasons in the WHA and 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Edmonton Oilers, Hartford Whalers and Toronto Maple Leafs organizations. He won back-to-back Stanley Cups in 1984 and 1985 with the Edmonton Oilers. Fans nicknamed Semenko "Cementhead" even though his official team nickname was always "Sammy".

Semenko died on June 29, 2017, 13 days before his 60th birthday after a short battle with liver and pancreatic cancer.

Saraikistan

Saraikistan (Saraiki, Punjabi, ) describes a cultural geographic region in the southwest of the Punjab province in Pakistan. Some residents of the region support the idea forming a new province of Saraikistan, in part motivated by movements promoting the Saraiki language.

Hexachlorobenzene

Hexachlorobenzene is an aromatic compound. The molecule structure resembles benzene, except that hydrogen atoms are replaced by chlorine. It is a colorless powder that is produced using catalysis from Iron(III) chloride or from Hexachlorocyclohexane. Hexachlorobenzene was used as a fungicide, mostly to treat cereals. The Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants forbids its production and use. The main reason for this restriction was that the outbreaks of rare diseases. Certain people eating food that had been treated became ill, and the illness could be linked to this substance. 

Chlordane

Chlordane is an insecticide, introduced in 1947. It is an organochloride that acts like a contact poison. It can be produced using the Diels–Alder reaction, and has at least 147 constituents. Its main use was in treating seeds, e.g. of potatoes, wheat, or vegetables. It was also used for wood preservation, and against ants and termites. Chlordane only degrades slowly, which means that it is relatively easy to spread it over long distances. It accumulates in the body of animals, in mammals mostly in the nervous system and the liver. Chlordane has been shown to cause cancer in mice; it may cause cancer in humans. Chlordane is toxic. It is listed in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.

