Borat Sagdiyev

Borat Sagdiyev (Kazakh and Russian: Борат Сагдиев) is a fictional Kazakh journalist, created and portrayed by the English comedian Sacha Baron Cohen.

Humor is often derived from Borat being a foreigner and having strange customs, thoughts, and behavior. There is also a lot of toilet humor in the series. Borat hates Gypsies and is also Anti-Semitic.

The Borat character first appeared in short clips on "F2F - The Granada Talk TV Show" that Sacha Baron Cohen presented in 1996-1997.

Borat was born in the fictional village of Kuzcek, Kazakhstan to Asimbala Sagdiyev and Boltok the town rapist (who is also his mother's father). He has a 13-year-old son named Hooeylewis and 12-year-old twin boys named Biram and Bilak, as well as 17 grandchildren. He has an older sister named Natalya (whom he has claimed at different times to be either "the number four" or "number two prostitute" in Kazakhstan) and a younger brother, Bilo, who is mentally retarded. It is revealed that he has a second wife in addition to a mistress, a girlfriend and a prostitute.

Borat is shown to have been married several times, after first having been betrothed to his half-sister's plough while in his teens. His first wife Oksana was reported in the "Borat" movie to have been "broken" by a bear while taking his brother Bilo for a walk in the forest. The death of Borat's wife did not bother him; he thanks the man who brings him this "good news" — and celebrates by trying to marry Pamela Anderson and eventually reuniting with Luenell, a black prostitute he met while filming his documentary.

Borat is a professional journalist and announcer on Kazakh television. According to various in-character interviews with Sacha Baron Cohen, Borat learned at Astana University, where he studied English, journalism, and plague research. He claims to have created five new plagues which supposedly "killed over 5 million goats and whores in Uzbekistan."

Before this Borat was an ice maker, animal sperm retriever, gypsy catcher, and someone who removes dead birds from a computer.

Borat was a pagan for most of his life. However, in the movie he attends a Pentecostal church service and later converts his village neighbors to Christianity.

Borat greatly admires Joseph Stalin, and claims that both he and Stalin are strong men with powerful "khram" (genitals). He hates women's rights and was surprised to learn that women can vote in some countries. In his spare time, he enjoys playing ping pong, sunbathing while wearing a lime green "mankini", disco dancing, spitting, sitting on comfortable chairs, and taking pictures of women while they "make toilet".

Borat is shown in each episode of "Da Ali G Show", doing funny interviews with real people in the United Kingdom and the United States. The segments were shot in low-quality video to make fun of how poor Kazakhstan is and how it cannot afford good cameras. Of Ali G, Borat comments on his website, "I appear on Alee G shows–He idiot, but it give me lot of girls & pickles; I like..."

The Borat segments on "Da Ali G Show" use a rock and roll version of the Russian folk tune "Korobeiniki" as the theme song.

Was part of a six-part Ali G show originally on Channel 4 (UK) in March 2000.

Five Borat sketches were shown: "Etiquette", Hunting, Cambridge, Edinburgh and Henley. The "Guides" to "English Gentlemen", "Politics" and "Sport" were also filmed at this time but released later as part of "Ali G" DVDs.

A special shown on the E4 launch night (UK) in January 2001 known as "The Best of Borat."

Some of the best parts were the "Guide to Sport" and a some video of Borat's village in Kazakhstan. Though the village they used was really in Romania.

Shown as part of a six part "Ali G Show" originally on HBO (USA) in February 2003.

Six Borat sketches were shown in the form of "Guides" to "Dating," "Etiquette," "Acting," "Men," "Baseballs," and "The (Deep) South." A "Guide to Animals" was filmed, but released at a later date as part of an "Ali G" DVD. Alyssa Greenfill was also in it.

Shown as part of a six-part "Ali G Show" originally on HBO (USA) in July 2004. (C4 was the UK channel where Ali G and Borat originally appeared, and the series for America was a HBO/C4 co-production).

Six Borat sketches were shown: "Wine Tasting", "Politics", "Country Music", "Hobbies", "Buying a House" and "Jobs" (careers). A "Guide to Hunting" was filmed but only aired in the UK because it bothered animal rights people in America.

Borat appeared in the Ali G movie "Ali G Indahouse" as a Kazak diplomat. Borat greets Ali G with a hug and kiss, but Ali pushes him away. Borat then calls Ali a "cocksucker". In the end, Borat performs a hip-hop song with superstar Max Allard.

Subtitled "Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan", the movie "Borat" is mockumentary comedy. Most of those appearing in the film are not paid performers, but real people whom Borat met on his journey. The movie was distributed by 20th Century Fox, and directed by Larry Charles. It premiered at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival, and was released across Europe and North America on November 3, 2006.

The film follows Borat in his travels across the United States as he commits cultural solecisms and exposes a few American ones. Over the course of the film, Borat falls in love with Pamela Anderson after watching a rerun of "Baywatch" and vows to make her his wife.

The film opened at # 1 in the United States, taking in $26.4 million on a limited release of 837 screens during its first weekend, beating "Fahrenheit 9/11" as the biggest opening weekend for a film released in fewer than 1,000 cinemas. Cohen celebrated the release of the movie with a host of promotional 'in-character' interviews.

On November 9, 2006, the Russian Federal Agency for Culture and Cinematography issued an opinion, citing "it could offend viewers in relation to certain ethnic groups and religions."

The movie expanded its release on the second weekend to 2,566 screens, where it took in an additional $29 million.

In 2007, Baron Cohen won a Golden Globe for "Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical Or Comedy."

With a production budget of $18,000,000, the movie earned $128,501,044 in the United States and another $128,848,505 in the rest of the world. $257,349,549 in total as of March 2007.

In 2007, a book from Cohen was released entitled, "Touristic Guidings to Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan/ Touristic Guidings to Minor Nation of U.S. and A.", with humor about both countries in the same style as movie.

Though he pretends to speak Kazakh, Borat really speaks in Hebrew mixed with some Polish and other Slavic language phrases, such as "" and "" (Polish "how are you" and "thank you"). As such, the film became popular in Israel.

Borat also lapses into Hebrew while purporting to sing the Kazakhstani national anthem at a Savannah Sand Gnats game. He kept repeating a famous Hebrew folk song: (; kum bachur atzel ve'tze la'avoda; "get up lazy guy and go to work [...]" ) [...] ; kookooriku kookooriku ha'tarnegol kara; "cock-a-doodle-do the cock has crowed"), and also called Kazakhstan a distant/desolate place (literally "hole" ()("hor")).

His producer Azamat Bagatov (Ken Davitian) speaks Armenian, while his daughter Tutar (Maria Bakalova) speaks Bulgarian

In the opening scenes in the town of Kuzcek, the villagers speak Romanian because these scenes were shot in Glod, Romania. As in the rest of the movie, what is spoken does not match the translation given in the subtitles. For example, when Borat's wife Oksana speaks, the subtitles show her telling Borat to "do something useful and dig his mother's grave," when she is actually telling him to go into "the devil's cunt."

Some say that Kazakhstan is not as bad as Borat says it is and that it is wrong of him to say such things.

In August 2004, the Chief Rabbi of Kazakhstan, at an international religious meeting in Brussels, stated that in 10 years in the country, he had never faced anti-Semitism. He praised the Government of Kazakhstan for its treatment of the Jewish community.

On October 19, the Associated Press reported that Kazakhstan's Deputy Foreign Minister, Rakhat Aliyev, had invited Cohen to visit Kazakhstan to see how wrong he was about it. In an interview, Aliyev asserted that:

His trip could yield a lot of discoveries—that women not only travel inside buses but also drive their own cars, that we make wine from grapes, that Jews can freely attend synagogues and so on.

Borat's film has frequently been accused of promoting antiziganism. The scenes supposedly filmed in Borat's Kazakhstani village were actually filmed in an impoverished Roma (gipsy) village of Glod in Romania. "USA Today" reports that poverty villagers were offered between $3.30 and $5.50 to bring animals into their houses and perform other acts some critics called humiliating. The studio contends that
participants were paid double the rate recommended by the Romanian movie office for extras.

Two villagers of Glod have hired reparation attorney Ed Fagan to sue the makers of the film for $30 million for human rights abuses. Fagan intends to submit lawsuits in New York and Florida state courts, as well as in Frankfurt, Germany. Fagan said that he hoped to "teach Hollywood a very expensive lesson." The lawsuit was thrown out by U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska in a hearing in early December 2006 on the ground that the charges were too vague to stand up in court. Fagan plans to refile.

The Borat character has elicited some controversy, mostly related to his frequent displays of anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism.

Baron Cohen, who is himself Jewish, has explained his character's racism by stating that the segments show how people are sometimes racist because others around them are too and that it is important to stand up against racism.

When I was in university, there was this major historian of the Third Reich, Ian Kershaw, who said, 'The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference.' I know it's not very funny being a comedian talking about the Holocaust, but it's an interesting idea that not everyone in Germany had to be a raving anti-Semite. They just had to be apathetic.

Regarding the enthusiastic response to his song "In My Country There is Problem" (detailed below), he says, "Did it reveal that they were anti-Semitic? Perhaps. But maybe it just revealed that they were indifferent to anti-Semitism."

However, the Anti-Defamation League, a U.S.-based group that “...combat[s] anti-Semitism and bigotry of all kinds”, complained to HBO after Borat performed a country western song titled "In My Country There Is Problem" that called on people to 'throw the Jew down the well', warning them that 'you must be careful of his teeth' and that 'you must grab him by his horns', to applause and joining in from some of the audience in Tucson, Arizona. The chorus goes: "Throw the Jew down the well/So my country can be free/You must grab him by his horns/Then we have a big party."

In another scene, Borat visits the Serengeti Range ranch in Texas, where the owner of the ranch confides that he believes the Holocaust was a necessity for Germany. He further implies that he would have no problem running a ranch where people can hunt, in Borat's words, "deer... then Jew."

An interview with James Broadwater, an evangelical Christian and Republican candidate for U.S. Congress from Mississippi, caused Broadwater to receive some hateful emails after an episode of "Da Ali G Show" aired in which Broadwater stated that Jews will go to Hell. He was told that the interview would be played in foreign countries to teach others about the American political system. Broadwater later posted a letter on his website against "Da Ali G Show," explaining that his statement referred to a theological belief that anyone that "accepts Jesus Christ as Lord and Saviour will spend eternity in Heaven, while everyone who rejects Him will spend eternity in Hell." Broadwater did not apologise for his comments. Instead, he insisted that "the liberal, anti-God media needs to be brought under the strict control of the FCC, and that as soon as possible."

In the movie, Borat continues to hate Jews and be fearful of them. He does not like to fly while in America in case the Jews "make another 9/11". Later, as he finds himself in a hotel run by an old Jewish couple, he tries to "escape" and throws money at two bugs on the floor, afraid that the Jews have shapeshifted into cockroaches.

Cohen later joked, upon receiving a British comedy award, that Borat was guest of honour at the International Conference to Review the Global Vision of the Holocaust in Tehran.

In January 2005, after pretending to be making a documentary, Cohen angered a crowd at a rodeo in Salem, Virginia. The crowd first cheered his statements of "support" for the Iraq war, including statements like "We is support your war of terror", and "May George Bush drink the blood of every single man, woman, and child of Iraq". However, the applause softened when he exclaimed "May you destroy their country so that for the next thousand years, not even a single lizard will survive in their desert!" The crowd then got infuriated when he sang the (fictional) Kazakhstan national anthem to an off-key version of the US national anthem.

"If he had been out there a minute longer, I think somebody would have shot him," said one witness. "People were booing him, flipping him off." For his own safety, Cohen was escorted from the venue. (Much of the event appears in the movie. A credulous news report about the incident, aired on a local television station, is included in the DVD extras).

Baron Cohen has also been accused of creating a derogatory image of Kazakhstan.

In November 2005, following Borat's hosting of the MTV Europe Music Awards in Lisbon, Kazakhstan's Foreign Ministry said he was worried about the character. Spokesman Yerzhan Ashykbayev told a news conference: "We view Mr Cohen's behaviour at the MTV Europe Music Awards as utterly unacceptable, being a concoction of bad taste and ill manners which is completely incompatible with the ethics and civilised behaviour of Kazakhstan's people", concluding "We reserve the right to any legal action to prevent new pranks of the kind."

Baron Cohen has since posted a video on the "Official Borat Homesite" where Borat responds to Ashykbayev in character. In the video, Borat states, in part:

In response to Mr. Ashykbayev's comments, I'd like to state I have no connection with Mr. Cohen and fully support my government's decision to sue this Jew. Since the 2003 Tuleyakiv reforms, Kazakhstan is as civilized as any other country in the world. Women can now travel on "inside" of bus, homosexuals no longer have to wear blue hats, and age of consent has been raised to eight years old. Please, captain of industry; I invite you to come to Kazakhstan where we have incredible natural resources, hardworking labour, and some of the cleanest prostitutes in whole of Central Asia. Goodbye! Dzienkuje!

Reuters quoted an unnamed Western diplomat as saying, "They (the Government of Kazakhstan) are damned if they do [respond] and damned if they don't," he said. "It's sort of unfortunate that he hit upon Kazakhstan." Another unnamed source inside Kazakhstan's Washington embassy called Borat a "one-man diplomatic wrecking ball."

The next week, the government hired two Western public relations firms to counter Borat's claims, and ran a four-page advertisement in "The New York Times". The ad carried testimonials about the nation's democracy, education system and the power and influence enjoyed by women. On a previous occasion, Borat responded to such official complaints by issuing his own "press release", a bunch of random Cyrillic characters. He would again respond when promoting his movie in front of the Kazakhstani Embassy in Washington, roundly denouncing the advertisements as "Uzbek propaganda".

On December 13, 2005, the right to use the domain name www.borat.kz was suspended, and the site attached to it was closed down. The domain-issuing body said that they took this action since false names were given for the site's administrators, and also because the site www.borat.kz was hosted outside Kazakhstan. However, the stated underlying cause of the action was in order to censor the content of the site: "We've done this so he can't badmouth Kazakhstan under the .kz domain name," Nurlan Isin, President of the Association of Kazakh IT Companies, told Reuters. "He can go and do whatever he wants at other domains."

Reporters Without Borders petitioned the ICANN ombudsman to allow Borat to keep the website. Meanwhile, the "Official Borat Homesite" was moved to the .tv domain, where it remains. As of October 14, 2007, the former domain name was still suspended. The 2006 annual human rights report released by the US State Department cited the loss of the .kz website as evidence of the Kazakhstani government's efforts to stop free speech.

Borat has, however, recently been defended by Dariga Nazarbayeva, a politician and daughter of Kazakhstan's President Nursultan Nazarbayev. She stated on a national news programme "Karavan" that Cohen's website "damaged our image much less than its closure, which was covered by all global news agencies," and "We should not be afraid of humour and we shouldn't try to control everything, I think."

On September 28, 2006, Cohen appeared in character as Borat at the White House gates to give a press conference and invite "Supreme Warlord Premier George Walker Bush" to a screening of his forthcoming movie, along with "O.J. Simpson", "Melvin Gibsons" and other "American dignitaries", after which they would join him for drinks at Hooters. Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers would not admit him on to the grounds.

On October 18, 2006, European Centre for Antiziganism Research, which pleads against discrimination of Gypsies, filed a complaint with prosecutors based on Borat's comments about Gypsies in his movie. The complaint accuses him of spreading lies and inciting violence against the ethnic group.

At a press conference just hours before the live broadcast of the 2005 MTV Europe Music Awards, he shocked local and international journalists in Lisbon, Portugal, by bringing a bag of birds from Romania (the first European country to detect avian influenza) as a gift, then proceeded to apologize for them all dying.

WAPT (Jackson, Mississippi) TV news producer Dharma Arthur states in "Newsweek" she lost her job as a result of her booking Borat on a local afternoon news program. At the time of the appearance, she was unaware of Cohen's act. During an interview with anchor Brad McMullan, Borat made sexual and scatological references, kissed McMullan, and later disrupted a live weather report. She said: "Because of him, my boss lost faith in my abilities and second-guessed everything I did... I spiralled into depression, and... was released from my contract... It took me three months to find another job, and now I'm thousands of dollars in debt and struggling to keep my house out of foreclosure... How upsetting that a man who leaves so much harm in his path is lauded as a comedic genius."

The broadcast, including the initial interview, the disrupted weather report, and several behind-the-scenes shots made by Borat's own movie crew, is seen in the "Borat" movie.

Not all hoax victims threaten to sue, however. Behind-the-scenes interviews with Randall Shelley ("Guide to Baseball"), Danny Passmore ("Guide to Hobbies USA"), Jennifer Defrancisco / Charles Di Cagno ("Guide to Acting"), Ken Goldberg ("Guide to Being a Real Man"), and Peta Heskell ("Guide to English Gentlemen") have all resulted in the subjects deciding not to sue.





Dermatology

Dermatology is a branch of medicine that deals with skin, hair, sweat glands, etc. 

Dermatologists are doctors who diagnose and treat diseases and tumors of the skin, hair, and sweat glands.

Maria Röhl

Maria Christina Röhl, (1801-1875), was a Swedish artist. She was a sketch artist and drew portraits of many famous people. In Sweden, her name is spelled as Maria Röhl.

Her paintings are displayed at the national museum at in Stockholm, and in the royal library, there are one thousand eight hundred of her portraits.

She was born in a rich family, but in 1822, her parents died, and she became poor. She then thought that she would become a teacher, but the artist Christian Forsell taught her to draw portraits of people like an artist.

She made portratis of friends of the rich family she lived with, and soon, it had become popular to go to her when you wanted to have a picture of yourself. This was before photography, and it was cheaper than having your portrait painted in oil.

The king made her a court-painter in 1843, and in 1843-1846, she studied in Paris. She worked as a portrait-drawer for thirty years. Eventually, however, the new art of photography led to less assignments for her.

Basil Hume

George Basil Cardinal Hume OSB, OM, MA, STL (2 March 1923 – 17 June 1999) was a British prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Westminster from 1976 and President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales from 1979 until his death. Hume was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976.

George Haliburton Hume was born in Newcastle upon Tyne to Sir William Errington Hume and Marie Elizabeth Tisseyre. His father was a Protestant heart doctor from Scotland, and his mother the French Catholic daughter of an army officer. He had three sisters and one brother.

Hume joined the Benedictine monastery at Ampleforth Abbey in North Yorkshire at the age of 18. He took the name Basil when he made his final promise to be a monk 1945. He became a priest on July 23, 1950. 

On 9 February 1976, Pope Paul VI made Hume the Archbishop of Westminster, the highest ranking Catholic priest in England and Wales. He was the first monk to be archbishop since 1850 when Roman Catholic bishops returned to England.

Hume was told he was being appointed at dinner 
Cardinal Hume's time in office saw Catholicism become more accepted in Britain than it had been for 400 years. 1995 saw the first visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Westminster Cathedral. He also read from the Bible at the installation ceremony of Archbishop Robert Runcie as of Canterbury in 1980. It was also during his term in Westminster that Pope John Paul II made first ever visit of a pope to England.
In 1998, Hume asked John Paul II for permission to retire, so that he could go back to his monastery at Ampleforth and spend some time fly fishing and watching Newcastle United Football Club. The request was refused.

He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999. On 2 June of that same year, Queen Elizabeth awarded him the Order of Merit. He died just over two weeks later in London, at age 76. His funeral was broadcast live on British national television and he was buried in Westminster Cathedral. John Paul II said he was a "shepherd of great spiritual and moral character".



Proteus (moon)

Proteus or Neptune VIII, is the second biggest moon of Neptune, and its biggest close moon. It is named after Proteus, the shape-changing sea god of Greek mythology.

Proteus was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" probe during the Neptune flyby in 1989. It got the designation S/1989 N 1. Stephen P. Synnott and Bradford A. Smith said (IAUC 4806) its discovery on July 7, 1989, speaking only of “17 frames taken over 21 days”, which gives a discovery date of sometime before June 16. The name was given on 16 September 1991.

Proteus is more than 400 kilometres in diameter, bigger than Nereid, another moon of Neptune. However, it was not found by Earth-based telescopes because it is so close to the planet that it is lost in the glare of reflected sunlight.

Proteus is one of the darkest objects in the solar system. Like Saturn's moon Phoebe, it reflects only 6 percent of the sunlight that hits it. Proteus is very cratered, showing no sign of any geological changes. It is also not a sphere; scientists believe Proteus is about as big as a body of its density can be without being pulled into a spherical shape by its own gravity. Saturn's moon Mimas has much more spherical shape despite being less massive than Proteus.


Nereid (moon)

Nereid or Neptune II, is a moon of Neptune.

Nereid was found on 1 May 1949 by Gerard Kuiper, who suggested the name in the report of his discovery. It is named after the Nereids, sea-nymphs of Greek mythology.

It was the farthest of Neptune's known moons for a long time (Halimede through Neso have since taken that honour), and is the third biggest, with a diameter of 340 km. Its orbit averages 5,513,400 km in radius, but is very eccentric and varies from 1,353,600 to 9,623,700 kilometres. For a long time this was the most highly eccentric orbit of any known moon in the solar system, but Bestla, a more recently discovered moon of Saturn has a more eccentric orbit. The unusual orbit suggests that it may be a captured asteroid or Kuiper belt object, or possibly that it was perturbed during the capture of Neptune's largest moon Triton. Very little else is known of Nereid.

Nereid was too far to be properly imaged by the "Voyager 2" probe when it visited the Neptune system in 1989. Photos sent back show only its very non-spherical shape, and no surface features could be seen at the resolution available.


38 (number)

Thirty-eight is a number. It comes between thirty-seven and thirty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 19, and 38.

39 (number)

Thirty-nine is a number. It comes between thirty-eight and forty, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 13, and 39.

41 (number)

Forty-one is a number. It comes between forty and forty-two, and is an odd number. It is also the 13th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, and 37.

Ocean Springs, Mississippi

Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, USA, about 2 miles east of Biloxi. It is part of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 18,429 at the 2020 census.


42 (number)

Forty-two is a number. It comes between forty-one and forty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 14, 21, and 42. 

42 is an extremely interesting number to mathematicians, because of its many features. For example:

There are at least a dozen more features of interest to number theory enthusiasts.

"42" is the "Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything" in Douglas Adams' "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" books. 

The number makes regular appearances in Lewis Carroll's writings, such as in "The Hunting of the Snark". Rule Forty-two in "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" is "All persons more than a mile high to leave the court". Charles Dodgson was a mathematician.

Gautier, Mississippi

Gautier is a city along the Gulf of Mexico, west of Pascagoula, in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States. It is part of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 19,024 at the 2020 census. Locally, the name is pronounced as "go-CHAY," reflecting its French origin. Descendants of the Gautier family, for whom it was named, still live in the area.


Pascagoula, Mississippi

Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States. It is the main city of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, as a part of the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. The population was 22,010 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

43 (number)

Forty-three is a number. It comes between forty-two and forty-four, and is an odd number. It is also the 14th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, and 41.

44 (number)

Forty-four is a number. It comes between forty-three and forty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 11, 22 and itself, 44.



Sonoma County, California

Sonoma County is a county in the U.S. state of California. It is located north of the San Francisco Bay. It is the northernmost of the nine San Francisco Bay Area counties. Sonoma County is surrounded by 4 counties: Marin County to the south, Mendocino County to the north, Lake County to the northeast, and Napa County to the east. The county seat is in Santa Rosa.

Sonoma County was one of the original counties formed when California became a state in 1850.

The population was 488,863 in 2020.

Some of the cities in Sonoma County include:


<br>

45 (number)

Forty-five is a number. It comes between forty-four and forty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 5, 9, 15, and 45.

46 (number)

Forty-six is a number. It comes between forty-five and forty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 23, and 46.

Russian River

The Russian River is the largest river and watercourse in Sonoma County, California. In addition to flowing through Sonoma, part of the river is also in Mendocino County, California. The mouth of the river is at the Pacific Ocean at Goat Rock Beach.

47 (number)

Forty-seven is a number. It comes between forty-six and forty-eight, and is an odd number. It is also the 15th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, and 43.

Halimede (moon)

Halimede is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman "et al." on August 14, 2002.

Halimede follows a very inclined and very eccentric orbit seen on the image in relation to other non-spherical moons of Neptune. 

Halimede is about 62 kilometres in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04) and appears neutral (grey) in the visible light. 
Given the very similar colour of the moon to that of Nereid together with a high probability (41%) of their collision in the lifespan of the Solar system, it has been suggested that the moon could be a piece of Nereid.

Halimede, or Neptune IX, like many of the farther moons of Neptune, is named after one of the Nereids, the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Halimede was known by the designation S/2002 N 1.


Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak

The Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak was a tornado outbreak across the eastern United States from August 29 to 31, 2005, spawned mostly by the outer bands of Hurricane Katrina (or the remnants of it).

One person was killed and numerous communities suffered damage of varying degrees from central Mississippi to Pennsylvania, with Georgia the hardest hit. It was the worst tornado outbreak ever in the month of August in that state.

There were a total of 44 confirmed tornadoes - 18 in Georgia, 11 in Mississippi, 5 each in Virginia and Pennsylvania, 4 in Alabama, and 1 isolated tornado in Florida three days before the main outbreak.



Square number

A square number, sometimes also called a perfect square, is the result of an integer multiplied by itself. 1, 4, 9, 16 and 25 are the first five square numbers.
In a formula, the square of a number "n" is denoted formula_1 (exponentiation), usually pronounced as ""n" squared". The name square number comes from the name of the shape; see below.

Square numbers are non-negative. Another way of saying that a (non-negative) number is a square number, is that its square root is again an integer. For example, formula_2, so 9 is a square number.

The squares smaller than 70 are:

There are infinitely many square numbers, as there are infinitely many natural numbers.

The number "m" is a square number if and only if one can compose a square of "m" equal (lesser) squares:

A square with side length "n" has area formula_1.

The expression for the "n"th square number is "n". This is also equal to the sum of the first "n" odd numbers as can be seen in the above pictures, where a square results from the previous one by adding an odd number of points (shown in magenta). The formula follows:
So for example, formula_5.

A square number can end only with digits 0, 1, 4, 6, 9, or 25 in base 10, as follows:

A square number cannot be a perfect number.

All fourth powers, sixth powers, eighth powers and so on are perfect squares.


Squares of even numbers are even (and in fact divisible by 4), since formula_11.

Squares of odd numbers are odd, since formula_12.

It follows that square roots of even square numbers are even, and square roots of odd square numbers are odd.

As all even square numbers are divisible by 4, the even numbers of the form formula_13 are not square numbers.

As all odd square numbers are of the form formula_14, the odd numbers of the form formula_15 are not square numbers.

Squares of odd numbers are of the form formula_16, since formula_17 and formula_18 is an even number.




Miami-Dade County, Florida

Miami-Dade County (formerly known as "Dade County" and many times referred to as simply "Miami" or "Dade") is a county in the southeastern part of the state of Florida. At the 2020 census, about 2.7 million people lived in the county. That is more than any other county in Florida. Among all United States counties, it is in seventh place. The county seat is the city of Miami.






Broward County, Florida

Broward County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, 1,944,375 people lived there. This makes it the second most populated county in the state. Its county seat is Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Broward County is part of the "Miami metropolitan area", which was home to more than 6 million people at the 2020 census.

In the U.S. Census of 2020 the Ethnic/Race Demographics were:

Broward county was created in 1915 and was named with the second surname name of the former Florida governor: Napoleon Bonaparte Broward. Since then it has had a great growth in the XX century, mainly as "retirement place" for old people from northeastern US and French Canada.




Max Mayfield

Britt Max Mayfield (born on September 19, 1948 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a meteorologist. He was the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007. As director, Mayfield became a trusted voice in preparing for weather-related disasters, particularly those involving tropical storms and hurricanes.


Levee

A levee, or levée, is a raised bank of a river. The levee or "dyke" is a protection against floods. There are two types of levee: riverdykes and seadykes. 

The seadyke was invented in Holland in 1277. Rotterdam is largely below sea level, but is protected by its dykes. It is quite clear now that other coastal cities are going to need protection from the sea. 

The first dykes were built in ancient Mesopotamia. The levees they used were earth walls and gave protection against the meltwater. 3000 years ago levees were used in ancient Egypt for irrigation systems.

'Levée' comes from the French verb "lever", "to raise". Other names are 'floodbank' or 'stopbank'. It is a natural or artificial wall, usually earthen, and often parallels the course of a river. The term "levee" came into English use in New Orleans around 1672. The word 'dyke' or 'dike' comes from the Dutch word "dijk".

The general term for devices such as dykes is "flood control". Another useful term is "embankment", which is used to build up banks of a river
The lower River Thames was a broad, shallow waterway winding through malarious marshlands. It has been transformed into a deep, narrow tidal canal. Floods from the North Sea are held back at the Thames Barrier.

Artificial levees may lead to an elevation of the natural river bed over time. Alluvial rivers with intense accumulations of sediment may do this. The river bed may get higher than the adjacent ground surface behind the levees. This is so in the Yellow River in China, and the Mississippi in the United States.

There are many earthworks. Some are not related to rivers or water.

A separate page deals with Dyke (geology)

There is a long history of land being reclaimed from the sea (for example in Holland), and marshlands being drained to make them good farming land (southern England). In many places water is held back by sluices. Sluice is a word for a channel controlled at its head by a movable gate. The gate is called a sluice gate. 

Dredging is lowering the base of a river. It is another approach to the problem of rising water levels. Of course, it can and is used together with levees as a standard method. We all know that rivers drop sediment as they flow, and all main rivers are regularly dredged. Dredging has the disadvantage of disturbing the life at the bottom of rivers, but it will certainly be used more in future.


River delta

A river delta is a landform shaped like a triangle. It is where the mouth of a river flows into an ocean, or even into a desert. It is formed by sediment carried by the river being deposited in the wider mouth. This happens because the water moves less quickly there.

Over time, the delta forms a series of fingers: places where the water flows, and places above water where plants grow. As time passes, these "fingers" change their position. The landform is typical of the tropical rivers of the past as well as the present.

The word "delta" comes from the Greek letter delta, Δ , because the deltas are shaped like the letter. A river delta can cover just a few square miles, or an area of hundreds or thousands of square miles of land. 

There have been times in the past when the tropical rivers were larger than today. The South of England was, in the Jurassic period, part of a larger continent. There is today just a remnant of this huge tropical river. The mud from this river is like huge fingers, with gravel between the fingers. This can be seen in quarries where building materials are sorted for sale.

The deposition of mud and sand causes an alluvial fan, which is the name given to the phenomenon.


Lockheed C-5 Galaxy

The C-5 Galaxy is a very big military cargo aircraft made by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin) used by the United States Air Force. It first flew in 1968 and was introduced in 1970. It is one of the biggest transports in the world. It is 247 feet (75 meters) long, 65 feet (19 meters) high, has a wingspan of 222 feet (67 meters), and can weigh up to 840,000 pounds (378,000 kilograms).

It is used to fly military equipment on to battlefields, and because of its size, it can even carry tanks and helicopters. Five C-5s have crashed.

Template (word processing)

The term template, when used in the context of word processing software, refers to a sample "fill-in-the-blank" document that can be completed either by hand or through an automated iterative process, such as a with a wizard. Once the template is completed, the user can edit, save and manage the result as an ordinary word processing document. Word processing templates give the ability to bypass the original setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume. They also give the automatic configuration of the User Interface of the Word processing software, with features such as autocompletion, toolbars, thesaurus, and spelling options.

Hurricane Betsy

Hurricane Betsy was a strong hurricane of the 1965 Atlantic hurricane season which caused a lot of damage in the Bahamas, Florida, and Louisiana. Betsy made its most strongest landfall near the mouth of the Mississippi River, causing major flooding of the waters of Lake Pontchartrain into New Orleans; at the time it was the costliest hurricane in the history of the United States, and, as the first hurricane to cause over a billion dollars in damages, earned the nickname "Billion-Dollar Betsy".
It first hit the Lesser Ahtilles then Miami and New Orleans. 75 people died.

Houston Chronicle

The Houston Chronicle is the largest daily newspaper in Texas, USA. As of March 2007, it is the ninth largest newspaper circulating in the United States. With the demise of its long-time rival the "Houston Post", its nearest major competitors are located in Dallas-Fort Worth.




Delta wing

A delta wing is a wing used on fixed-wing aircraft, mainly supersonic fighter aircraft. Delta wings are triangles. Some were "tailless" (which means they had no elevators) and others were "tailed." Many of the Dassault Aviation Mirages had delta wings (like the Mirage III, Mirage V, Mirage 50, and Mirage 2000).


Popular Mechanics

Popular Mechanics is an American magazine devoted to science and technology. It was first published January 11, 1902 by H.H. Windsor, and has been owned since the 1950s by the Hearst Corporation There is also a Latin American edition that has been published for decades and a newly formed South African version available.

"Popular Mechanics" features regular sections on cars, trucks, science, technology, home how-to and outdoor adventures. A recurring column is "Jay Leno's Garage" featuring observations by the famed late-night talk show host and vehicle enthusiast.


Scientific American

Scientific American is a popular science magazine, published (first weekly and later monthly) since August 28, 1845, making it the oldest continuously published magazine in the United States. It brings articles about new and innovative research to the non-scientific audience.


The Times-Picayune

The Times-Picayune is a tri-weekly newspaper published in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.


Poultry

Poultry are a form of domesticated bird kept by humans for their eggs, their meat or their feathers. These birds are most typically members of the superorder Galloanserae (fowl), especially the order Galliformes (which includes chickens, quails, and turkeys). The term also includes birds that are killed for their meat, such as the young pigeons (known as squabs) but does not include similar wild birds hunted for sport or food and known as game. The word "poultry" comes from the French/Norman word "poule", which itself is derived from the Latin word "pullus", which means small animal.
Poultry is the second most widely eaten type of meat in the world, accounting for about 33% of total meat production all around the world compared to pork at 36%.

World production of duck meat was about 4.2 million tonnes in 2011. China was producing two thirds of that total which means around 1.7 billion birds.

Global egg production reached 76.7 million tonnes in 2018, a huge 24% growth since 2008.



Gas station

A gas station, also known as a filling station, fueling station, service station or petrol station is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles. The most common fuels sold are gasoline (petrol) or diesel fuel.

The fuel is dispensed by a gas pump. Some of the different kinds of fuel are:

Many gas stations have a convenience store close to the pumps, to make extra earnings. Some have tunnel car washs. 

Warehouse

A warehouse is a commercial building for storage of goods. Warehouses are used by manufacturers, importers, exporters, wholesalers, transport businesses, customs, etc. They are usually large plain buildings in industrial areas of cities and towns. They have loading docks to load and unload trucks; or sometimes are loaded directly from railways, airports, or seaports. They also often have cranes and forklifts for moving goods, which are usually placed on ISO standard pallets loaded into pallet racks.

In logistics, the warehouse performs the function of accumulating reserves of material resources necessary to dampen fluctuations in supply and demand volumes, as well as synchronizing the flow rates of goods in systems of promotion from manufacturers to consumers or material flows in technological production systems.

Nursery (horticulture)

A nursery is a place where plants are cultivated and grown to usable size. There are retail nurseries which sell to the general public, wholesale nurseries which sell only to other nurseries and to commercial landscape gardeners, and private nurseries which supply the needs of institutions or private estates. Some retail and wholesale nurseries sell by mail.

Credit union

A credit union is a cooperative financial institution that is owned and controlled by its members. Credit unions differ from banks and other financial institutions in that the members who have accounts in the credit union are the owners of the credit union - there are no external shareholders. Profits from the operations of a credit union are distributed to members in the form of dividends.

The basic services of a credit union are to offer savings accounts and loans to members.

Tettigoniidae

The family Tettigoniidae, known in American English as katydids and in British English as bush-crickets, contains more than 6,400 species. It is part of the suborder Ensifera.

They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers, though they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers.
Their antennae may be longer than their own body length, those of the grasshoppers are always relatively short.

Katydids may disguise themselves brilliantly. Some look exactly like dead brown leaves, complete with holes, lying still on the forest floor of the rainforests of Asia and South America. Others act like green, living leaves fluttering from a branch. They even have vein-like markings like real leaves.


Bills, Bills, Bills

"Bills, Bills, Bills" was the first single from Destiny's Child's second album "The Writing's on the Wall". A track which echoed the men-bashing sentiments of TLC's massive summer hit "No Scrubs", and even featured the same producer (Kevin She"kspere Briggs). The song provided the group with their first US chart-topper in July 1999, and also reached the UK Top 10. The album featured a greater creative input from the group, although they still relied on a production crew including Rodney Jerkins, Missy Elliott, Chad Elliot, and Dwayne Wiggins of Tony! Toni! Tone!

Anna Maria Thelott

Anna Maria Thelott (1683 – 1710) was a Swedish artist. She was one of the first professional female artists in Sweden and also in Scandinavia. She was an engraver, an illustrator, a woodcut-artist, and a miniaturist. 
Anna Maria was the daughter of the artist Philipp Jacob Thelott the Older, and sister of the artist Philip Jacob Thelott the Younger. When she was a child, she worked together with her brother and her father to illustrate the books ""Campus Elysii"" and ""Atlantica"", by Olof Rudbeck, and when she was grown up, she started to work alone and illustrate papers and maps and other things. She made miniature portraits of people, she drew animals, cities and landscapes. 

Her family lived in Uppsala until 1702, when the city burnt down, and they moved to Stockholm. 

In 1710, Anna Maria became one of the many victims of the last plague in Sweden.

Justina Casagli

Justina Kristina Casagli, (1794-1841), was a famous singer and actor. She was born in Sweden, but worked in all Europe, especially in Italy and Germany, where she became famous. 
She was born with the name Justina Kristina Wässelius. Her sister, Jeanette Wässelius, also became a singer, but she only worked in Sweden. Justina went to the theatre school Dramatens elevskola in 1805. When she graduated in 1812, she began to work at the theatre Royal Swedish Opera. The same year, she married the Italian dancer Ludovico Casagli, and got the name Justina Casagli. 
She left Sweden with her husband in 1818 and went to Italy. In Italy, she played in the play "Cerentola" in Turino in 1818, in the play "Donna del Lago" in Rome in 1823 and in Lucca 1827 in the play "Matrimonio Segreto". She was a great success, and then worked in Munich in Germany for several years. After that, she tried to get work in the Opera in Sweden again, but her place there was occupied by a new singer, Henriette Widerberg. 

The last years, she lived in Parma, where she died after she had fallen from a window.

48 (number)

Forty-eight is a number. It comes between forty-seven and forty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16, 24, and 48.

49 (number)

Forty-nine is a number. It comes between forty-eight and fifty, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 7. 49 is the 7th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, and 36.

Cynthia Lennon

Cynthia Lillian Lennon (born Cynthia Lillian Powell 10 September 1939 - 1 April 2015) was the first wife of John Lennon. Cynthia divorced Lennon in 1968 after he left her for Yoko Ono. She is the mother of Lennon's elder son Julian. 

She was born in Blackpool, Lancashire and raised in Hoylake, Cheshire.


51 (number)

Fifty-one is a number. It comes between fifty and fifty-two, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 17, and 51.

53 (number)

Fifty-three is a number. It comes between fifty-two and fifty-four, and is an odd number. It is also the 16th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, and 47.

52 (number)

Fifty-two is a number. It comes between fifty-one and fifty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 13, 26, and 52.

54 (number)

Fifty-four is a number. It comes between fifty-three and fifty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 9, 18, 27, and 54.

55 (number)

Fifty-five is a natural number. It is one of those numbers used for counting. It comes between fifty-four and fifty-six. It is an odd number. 

It is divisible by 1, 5, 11, and 55.

Mandrill

The mandrill ("Mandrillus sphinx") are the world's largest monkeys. They are also the most colourful primates. The skin colours brighten as the animal gets more excited. Males live mostly on the forest floor, while females and young climb up into trees and bushes. This monkey looks rather like a baboon, but they are in a different genus. They live in large groups, mostly in rain forests.

Males have an orange/yellow beard and an unmistakable bright red and blue snout and rump. Females and juveniles have a duller blue snout and a buff beard. Mandrills can live up to 40 years in captivity. They feed on fruits, leaves, roots, seeds, nuts, greens and invertebrates.

Mandrills live in Cameroon, Gabon and the Congo. They live in dense rainforest and coastal forests, although they sometimes go onto the savannah. Mandrills live on the ground and in trees.

Mandrills seem to live in large, stable groups called "hordes". Hordes often number in the hundreds, possibly averaging around 600+ individuals and reaching as many as 845. It is difficult to accurately estimate group size in the forest, but filming a group crossing a gap between two forest patches or crossing a road is a reliable way of estimating group size. The largest group verifiably observed in this way contained over 1,300 individuals, in Lopé National Park, Gabon—the largest aggregation of nonhuman primates ever recorded. These groups are made of adult females and their dependent offspring. 

Males live a solitary lifestyle, and only enter hordes when females are ready for mating, which lasts three months each year. All-male bachelor groups are not known to exist.

Carburization

Carburization (often also called carburizing) is how carbon is introduced into a metal. It is done to make the surface harder and more abrasion resistant. 

Depending on the amount of time and temperature, the affected area can vary in carbon content.
In earlier times, direct application of charcoal was packed onto the metal for carburization. Modern techniques use carbon-bearing gases or plasmas (such as carbon dioxide or methane). Carburization is mainly used to harden the surface of low alloy steel.

Too great a concentration of carbon makes metal brittle and unworkable, so then metals may be decarburized.

56 (number)

Fifty-six is a number. It comes between fifty-five and fifty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 7, 8, 14, 28, and 56.

Sao (moon)

Sao is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman "et al." on August 14, 2019. 
Sao orbits Neptune at a distance of about 22.4 million km and is about 44 kilometers in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04).

Sao has a very inclined and eccentric orbit seen on the diagram in relation to other non-sperical moons of Neptune. 

Sao, or Neptune XI, like many of the farther moons of Neptune, is named after one of the Nereids; Sao was associated with sailing and is referred to as "The rescuer" or "Safety". Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Sao was known provisionally as S/2002 N 2.


Dresden University of Technology

The Dresden University of Technology (; TUD) is a university in Dresden, in Germany. It is the largest university in the state of Saxony and one of the ten largest universities in Germany with around 35,000 students.

Dresden University is one of the oldest colleges of technology in Germany. In 1828, the Saxon Technical School was founded to teach workers in technological subjects such as mechanics and ship construction. In 1871, the institute was renamed the Royal Saxon Polytechnic, and other subjects, such as history and languages, were introduced. By the end of the 19th century the institute had grown into a university covering all subjects. It was given its current name in 1961.

The Dresden University of Technology is organised into 14 departments. Almost all departments are on the main campus south of the city centre, except for the Faculty of Medicine which has its own campus near the Elbe River, east of the city centre, and the Department of Forestry in a town nearby called Tharandt.

The university's annual budget is around €400 million.

The TU Dresden offers a wide range of courses and research. It has a high reputation in technical fields such as electrical engineering or computer science.

The university also has a strong research tradition in microelectronics and transport sciences in the Dresden area, and now is becoming more important in new fields of research such as biotechnology.

TU Dresden is a campus university, meaning most of its buildings are in one area rather than being spread out across the city. Some of its buildings are more than a hundred years old. In recent years these historic building have been complemented by modern buildings (e.g. the library, the main auditorium, the biochemistry department or the life sciences building).

About 60% of the students come from Saxony (about three-quarters live in Dresden), 19% from other eastern German states, 12% from the western German states and 10% from other countries.

In 2005/2006, there were 3,442 international students enrolled at TU Dresden. Most of the foreign students come from Europe (1,527), followed by Asia (1,404) and America (170). Ranked by countries the largest group of students comes from China (710), followed by Poland (294), Vietnam (196), Bulgaria (160) and Russia (154). The university is also quite popular among Central and East European countries such as the neighbouring Czech Republic (which is only away or Ukraine.

Because of the Erasmus programme and partnerships with universities in the United States, there are many English-, French- and Spanish-speaking students. But the language spoken during lessons is nearly always German. To prepare for the university, many international students attend German language courses at the university.

Sports are very popular among the TUD students. There are eight big students' clubs and the summer campus party is among the biggest in Germany. There are cafeterias as at most universities and the largest refectory can compete with some restaurants even as far as menu size.


57 (number)

Fifty-seven is a number. It comes between fifty-six and fifty-eight, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 19, and 57.

58 (number)

Fifty-eight is a number. It comes between fifty-seven and fifty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 29, and 58.

59 (number)

Fifty-nine is a number. It comes between fifty-eight and sixty, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

Laomedeia (moon)

Laomedeia also Neptune XII, is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman, et al. on August 13, 2002. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), it was known as S/2002 N 3.

It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 23,571,000 km and is about 42 kilometers in diameter (assuming albedo of 0.04). It is named after Laomedeia, one of the 50 Nereids.



Tropical Storm Jerry (2007)

Tropical Storm Jerry was the tenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It was a very short-lived storm over the north-central Atlantic Ocean. The storm lasted less than 48 hours, half of that time as a subtropical cyclone. It was never a threat to land.

The system that would later become Tropical Storm Jerry started as a non-tropical low pressure area over the central Atlantic Ocean on September 21. The system moved in a shaky path over the north-central Atlantic over the next two days. It slowly developed deeper convection and became more organized. On September 22, the system had become organized enough that the National Hurricane Center mentioned a possible tropical or subtropical development in the area. Late that evening, it had been determined that a subtropical depression had formed, as a warm core had developed but the system was still involved with an upper-level low and had its strongest winds well removed from the center. Early on September 23, both satellite estimates and QuikScat data determined that the depression had strengthened into Subtropical Storm Jerry, despite the lack of a well-defined inner core. The storm slowly acquired tropical characteristics including a better-defined warm core, and became fully tropical that evening as a weak and sheared tropical storm with 40 mph (65 km/h) winds over a small radius.

Jerry began to weaken once again early on September 24 as it accelerated northeastward over cooler waters with sea surface temperatures below 24 °C (75 °F). It remained a tropical storm until later that morning.Then it weakened to a tropical depression ahead of a powerful cold front with little deep convection remaining in the system. Jerry remained a tropical depression as the cold front approached and began to absorb the system that afternoon as it continued to accelerate northeastward. That evening, a QuikScat pass determined that Jerry had opened up into a trough which was being absorbed into the larger frontal system. It completely dissipated by early on September 25.

Jerry never came near land during its lifespan, and no damage or deaths were reported. No ships were impacted by Jerry.



Jenner, California

Jenner is a small town in Sonoma County, California, U.S.. The town is small, with about 121 people. Just south of Jenner is Goat Rock Beach, a unit within the Sonoma Coast State Beach.

Tropical Storm Ingrid (2007)

Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed from September 12 – 17, 2007. It was the ninth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm developed as Tropical Depression Eight. Tropical Depression Nine appeared at the same time as Eight but was much quicker to develop. Tropical Depression Nine strengthened into Humberto–the next name on the list–before Eight became a named storm. Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak storm. It only lasted for a short amount of time. The storm got weaker in the Atlantic because of high wind shear. Ingrid died out before reaching land areas. There was rain in Saint Martin and Antigua because of the storm.

The system formed from a big tropical wave that moved off the coast of west Africa on September 6. Because of strong wind shear, it did not get stronger over the next three days. On September 9, it developed an area of low pressure in the central Atlantic, between the coast of Africa and the Lesser Antilles. Slowly, the wind shear began to go away. Dvorak classifications were started on the weather system on September 11. By the morning of September 12, it had developed into Tropical Depression Eight. This took place about east of the Lesser Antilles. The same tropical wave eventually created another area of weather activity that became Tropical Depression Ten, with the help of other weather systems.

The system moved towards the west-northwest for almost all of its life. It stayed on the southern edge of a meteorological ridge. Wind shear slowed down development greatly. The system stayed a tropical depression for 24 hours before convection increased. The storm became a weak tropical storm early on September 13. The storm kept getting stronger that afternoon. It reached its highest strength of 45 mph (75 km/h) that evening.

The storm did not get stronger because of a very strong wind shear from a strong tropical upper tropospheric trough. Despite the high shear, Ingrid remained a weak tropical storm until the afternoon of September 15. It then weakened to a tropical depression while east of the Leeward Islands. Ingrid kept getting weaker as it passed to the northeast of the islands. The system stayed a tropical depression, because it continued to create strong thunderstorms. Ingrid became more organized for a short time on September 16. This event was short-lived. The storm became very disorganized once again that afternoon. It kept getting weaker. The final National Hurricane Center advisory was given out early on September 17 as the system weakened into a tropical wave while remaining north of the Leeward Islands. The remnant low turned to the northwest within the low-level steering flow. It died out on September 18 without any reforming.

Ingrid stayed just to the east and northeast of the Lesser Antilles. It weakened without impacting any land. Its remnants produced rain and thunder to Antigua. On Saint Martin, the system produced of rain in about an hour. This caused some roads to become flooded. No damage or deaths were caused by the storm. No ships reported tropical storm-force winds.

Because there was no damage from Tropical Storm Ingrid, the name "Ingrid" was not removed from the tropical cyclone names list, and will be used again during for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season. This was the first time that the name "Ingrid" was used for a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean. However, the name has been used in other parts of the world.



61 (number)

Sixty-one is a number. It comes between sixty and sixty-two, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

67 (number)

Sixty-seven is a number. It comes between sixty-six and sixty-eight, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

Psamathe (moon)

Psamathe or Neptune X, is a non-spherical moon of Neptune.

Psamathe was found by Scott S. Sheppard and David C. Jewitt in 2003. It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 46,695,000 km and takes almost 25 Earth years to make one orbit. It is about 24 kilometers in diameter.

It is named after Psamathe, one of the Nereids. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), it was known by the designation S/2003 N 1.


Given the similarity of the orbit's parameters with Neso (S/2002 N 4), it was suggested that both non-spherical moons could have been a bigger moon that broken up.


62 (number)

Sixty-two is a number. It comes between sixty-one and sixty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 31, and 62.

63 (number)

Sixty-three is a number. It comes between sixty-two and sixty-four, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 7, 9, 21, and 63.

64 (number)

Sixty-four is a number. It comes between sixty-three and sixty-five, and is an even number.

It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, and 64. 64 is the 8th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, and 49. It is the fourth cube after 1, 8, and 27.

There are sixty-four 1x1 squares on a chess, checkers and draughts board. It is also a power of two.

65 (number)

Sixty-five is a number. It comes between sixty-four and sixty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 5, 13, and 65.


66 (number)

Sixty-six is a number. It comes between sixty-five and sixty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 11, 22, 33, and 66. In numerical form, it is "66". 

Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough

A Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough (TUTT) is a trough in upper-level (at about 200 hPa) tropics. Its formation is usually caused by the expansion of the Trough of Westerlies Wind to the tropics. It can also develop from the inverted trough adjacent to a upper level anticyclone. TUTTs are different from mid-latitude troughs in the sense that they are maintained by subsidence warming near the tropopause which balances radiation cooling.

TUTTs sometimes bring a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances and cyclones so TUTTs can reduce cyclone development. But, there are also times when TUTTs help start tropical cyclones or make them stronger by providing additional forced ascent near the storm center and an efficient outflow channel in the upper troposphere. Moreover, under specific circumstances, TUTTs can grow into upper cold lows and may enhance the development of low level disturbances.


Leeward Islands

The Leeward Islands are the northern islands of the Lesser Antilles chain of islands, parts of the West Indies. They are where the Caribbean Sea meets the western Atlantic Ocean. The western Leewards are the Virgin Islands. 

The southern part of the Lesser Antilles chain is called the Windward Islands.

68 (number)

Sixty-eight is a number.sixty-eight looks like this 68 It comes above sixty-seven and below sixty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 17, 34, and 68.

69 (number)

Sixty-nine is a number. It comes between sixty-eight and seventy, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 23, and 69.

Saint Martin

Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 km southeast of Puerto Rico. The 87 km² island is divided roughly in half between France and the Netherlands; it is the smallest inhabited sea island divided between two nations.



The main towns are Marigot (on the French part) and Philipsburg in the Dutch one.
About 60.000 people live on the island.

Antigua

Antigua (IPA: /ænˈtiːgə//an-tee-gah) is an island in the West Indies, Leeward Islands in the Caribbean region, the main island of the country of Antigua and Barbuda. It is also known as Wadadli, which means approximately "our own". The island's circumference is about 87 kilometres (54 miles) and its area is 281 km² (108 square miles). About 69,000 people lived there as of July 2006. It is the largest of the Leeward Islands, and has a busy economy based on tourism, internet gambling, and education, including two medical schools.

Indigenous peoples like the Ciboney, Taíno, and Kalinago had lived on and around the island for a long time. But in 1493, Christopher Columbus became the first European to visit, and he renamed it Antigua after Mary, the mother of Jesus. The British came in 1632 and colonized the island. They brought slaves to the island from Africa who were forced to grow sugar cane. The slaves were legally freed in 1834. 

The island stopped being a part of Britain in 1981. It is now a country with Barbuda.


Tropical Storm Melissa (2007)

Tropical Storm Melissa was the thirteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It was a short-lived storm that formed southwest of the Cape Verde islands, remaining weak because of high wind shear. It dissipated without affecting any land areas. It was only notable for being the eighth named storm of September 2007, which tied the record for the month of September.

The system began as a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on September 26. An area of low pressure formed on September 27 near Cape Verde in association with the wave, and convection slowly increased as a result of the low. Early on September 28, a rapid increase in convection and a well-organized outflow pattern allowed the low to develop into Tropical Depression Fourteen while about 115 miles (185 km) west-southwest of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands. Since the depression was far removed from the subtropical ridge and an upper-level low pressure area was sitting to the north, steering currents were weak at first and the depression moved very slowly on a general west-northwest track. Vertical wind shear from the west also slowed down development. Small amounts of strengthening took place early on September 29 as convection increased in the system, and the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Melissa.

Like previous storms Ingrid and Karen, high wind shear in the deep tropics delayed Melissa's development. Operationally, Melissa was briefly upgraded to 45 mph (75 km/h) late on September 29 as some satellite estimates showed a slightly stronger storm with deeper convection, but Melissa was found to have been weaker in the post-storm analysis, remaining at 40 mph (65 km/h). By early on September 30, wind shear began to severely increase and a weakening trend began. That morning, the increased shear, combined with cooler sea surface temperatures, weakened Melissa to a tropical depression with a poorly-defined surface center as it continued to move west-northwest at a somewhat faster speed. The system lost its deep convection and by the afternoon of September 30, Melissa degenerated into a remnant low as thunderstorm activity decreased. After the circulation dissipated, the remnant low continued its general west-northwest track south of a rebuilding subtropical ridge in the central Atlantic. The low produced discontinuous amounts convection until it was absorbed by a frontal zone late on October 5 northeast of the Leeward Islands.

Melissa remained away from land during its lifespan, never threatening any land areas. There were no ship reports of tropical storm-force winds as a result of Melissa. No damage or deaths were reported.

When Tropical Depression Fourteen was upgraded to Tropical Storm Melissa on September 29, it was the eighth named storm to form in the month of September. That tied a record for the month of September, which was first set in the 2002 season.



71 (number)

Seventy-one is a number. It comes between seventy and seventy-two, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

Neso (moon)

Neso also known as Neptune XIII, is the farthest non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman, Brett J. Gladman, "et al." on August 14, 2002, though it went unnoticed until 2003. 
Neso orbits Neptune at a distance of more than 48 million km, making it the farthest known moon of any planet.

It follows a very inclined and very eccentric orbit illustrated on the diagram in relation to other irregular satellites of Neptune. 

Neso is about 60 km in diameter, and assuming the mean density of 1.5 g/cm. Its mass is estimated at 1.6 kg.

Given the similarity of the orbit's parameters with Psamathe (S/2003 N 1), it was suggested that both non-spherical moons could have been a bigger moon that broke up.

Neso is named after one of the Nereids. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Neso was known by its designation S/2002 N 4.

Weather front

A weather front is a boundary in between two masses of air of different densities, and is the main cause of significant weather. In surface weather analyses, fronts are depicted using various colored lines and symbols. The air masses separated by a front usually differ in temperature and humidity.

Cold fronts may feature narrow bands of thunderstorms and severe weather, and may on occasion be preceded by squall lines or dry lines. Warm fronts are usually preceded by layered precipitation and fog. The weather usually quickly clears after a front passes. Some fronts produce no precipitation and little cloudiness, although there is usually a wind shift.

Subtropical ridge

They are called Downdrafts. Areas of sinking air are called these.


Vorticity

Vorticity is a mathematical concept used in fluid dynamics. It can be related to the amount of "circulation" or "rotation" (or more strictly, the local angular rate of rotation) in a fluid.

The average vorticity in a small region of fluid flow is equal to the circulation formula_1 around the boundary of the small region, divided by the area A of the small region.

Notionally, the vorticity at a point in a fluid is the limit as the area of the small region of fluid approaches zero at the point:

Mathematically, the vorticity at a point is a vector and is defined as the curl of the velocity:

One of the base assumptions of the potential flow assumption is that the vorticity formula_5 is zero almost everywhere, except in a boundary layer or a stream-surface immediately bounding a boundary layer.

Because a vortex is a region of concentrated vorticity, the non-zero vorticity in these specific regions can be modelled with vortices.



Barbuda

Barbuda is an island in the eastern Caribbean, and forms part of the state of Antigua and Barbuda. It has a population of about 1,500, most of whom live in the town of Codrington.

Barbuda is located north of Antigua, in the middle of the Leeward Islands. To the south are the islands of Montserrat and Guadaloupe, and to the north and west are Nevis, St. Kitts, St. Barts, and St. Martin.

Émile Durkheim

David Émile Durkheim (April 15, 1858 – November 15, 1917) was a French sociologist. He is known for his contributions to sociology and anthropology. He is considered as one of the founding fathers of sociology. He thought that sociology should be scientific.
Durkheim was born in the eastern French province of Lorraine. He studied at École Normale Supérieure. He made contributions on topics such as education, crime, religion, suicide, and many other topics related to sociology.

Durkheim died in Paris, aged 59.



Popcorn

Popcorn is a snack food made by heating certain kinds of corn. There is a small amount of water inside the seeds, which causes them to explode. When the seed shell breaks a sharp noise is made. The name "pop" is because of this noise. After it pops it is white and fluffy.

Salt and melted butter are often added to popcorn. Sometimes caramel and other flavors are melted and mixed into the popcorn.

Popcorn is a popular food to eat at the cinema.

Many accidents of choking on popcorn kernels were reported. This is because the popcorn kernel does go into the airway and throat, and gets stuck. Many people want other people to take kernels out of the popcorn for children.
Popcorn that is already popped when you buy it is usually tastier and puffyer than just buying popcorn kernals and popping them with a microwave

https://www.nasimahealth.com/carbs-in-popcorn/ 

Douglas SBD Dauntless

The SBD Dauntless (SBD means Scout Bomber Douglas) was a dive bomber made by Douglas Aircraft Company (now Boeing) during World War II. It first flew in 1940 and was introduced the same year. It was made from the Northrop BT. The Dauntless's first bombing in the war happened on December 10, 1941. The target was a Japanese submarine.

The SBD-3 Dauntless was a unique American dive-bomber. This was used by the U.S. Navy in many ship attack missions, such as the Battle Of Midway. It was credited for sinking the Akagi, and many other Japanese aircraft-carriers and other battleships. This dive-bomber had unique airbrakes to prevent it from ripping apart at high speeds. These air brakes were painted in a bright red, which was a noticeable feature of the SBD-3. Also, the SBD was a carrier based aircraft, meaning it had an arrester hook, and many antennas for communication.

In the War, the Dauntless was used to take off aircraft carriers and attack enemy ships and submarines.
The SBD-5 (5th version) could go 255 miles per hour (410 kilometers per hour), and it had a Wright R-1820-60 Cyclone air-cooled radial piston engine with 1,200 horsepower. It had two 12.7 mm and two 7.62 mm machine guns and it could carry one bomb or torpedo. It weighed around 6,404 pounds (2,905 kilograms) to 10,699 pounds (4,853 kilograms). It could fly for 1,115 miles (1,795 kilometers) without running out of fuel. It could go as high as 25,525 feet (7,780 meters) above the ground.
The Dauntless was retired in the late 1940s.

John Bardeen

John Bardeen (23 May 1908 – 30 January 1991) was an American physicist and electrical engineer. He is the only person to win two Nobel Prizes in Physics.

Bardeen was born in Madison, Wisconsin. His father, Charles Bardeen was a Professor at the Medical School of the University of Wisconsin. He completed his bachelor's degree and master's degree in Electrical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He completed his PhD in Physics at Princeton University in 1936.
Bardeen worked with William Shockley and Walter Brattain to invent the transistor on 23 December 1947. They shared the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1956.

Later, Bardeen worked with Leon Cooper and John Robert Schrieffer. They created the BCS theory of superconductivity, named after them. For this work they shared the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1972.

Bardeen was a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Physics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign from 1951 to 1991.



Reconnaissance

Reconnaissance, sometimes called scouting, is the act of exploring to gain military information. Often referred to as "recce" (UK, Canada and Australia, ) or "recon" (U.S., ), the associated formal verb is "reconnoitre" (British spelling) or "reconnoiter" (American spelling). In informal English, both "recce" and "recon" are often also used as a verb. The term is sometimes used in civilian / paramilitary and various government contexts.

Often, units sent out for reconnaissance are armed only for self-defense. They rely on stealth to gather information. Others are well-enough armed to also deny information to the enemy by fighting and or destroying their reconnaissance parties.

"Reconnaissance-in-force" (RIF) is a method of probing an enemy's position. An attack, even with a small force, may get a strong reaction by the enemy. Hopefully that reveals the enemy's strength, deployment, and other tactical information. The RIF commander can fall back with the information or expand the conflict into a full engagement. Other methods consist of hit-and-run tactics using moving very fast. In some cases light-armored vehicles are used for added fire superiority, as the need arises.

Cape Verde-type hurricane

A Cape Verde-type hurricane is an Atlantic hurricane that develops near the Cape Verde islands, off the west coast of Africa. The average hurricane season has about two Cape Verde-type hurricanes, which are usually the strongest storms of the season because they often have plenty of warm open ocean over which to develop before coming across land.

Windward Islands

The Windward Islands are the southern islands of the Lesser Antilles in the West Indies. They are south of the Leeward Islands.

The Antillean Windward Islands from north to south are:

Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago are not part of the Windward Islands.

List of professional wrestlers

Batista

Batista is a Spanish or Portuguese surname. Notable persons with the name include:




Birth certificate

A birth certificate is a vital record that documents the birth of a child. The certificate itself usually includes some or all of the following information:


Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births. In the United States, it is the responsibility of the mother's physician, midwife, or a hospital administrator to prepare the official birth certificate.

The birth certificate itself is not proof of a person's identity, but only a record stating that a birth occurred at the time, date, and place stated on the certificate.
To prove one's identity, a person may need a photo ID, generally issued to an adult.



Vital record

Vital records are records of life events. They include birth certificates, marriage licenses, and death certificates. In some jurisdictions, vital records may also include records of civil unions or domestic partnerships. In modern times these would be state-held records, though prior to civil registration these were often church-held records.


Tzitzernavank Monastery

Tzitzernavank Monastery (, "Swallows Monastery") is an Armenian monastery in the region of Kashatagh (under control of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic). The monastery dates from the fourth to sixth centuries and recognized as a native Armenian example of an “oriental” architectural type.

The church of St. Gregory was reopened after a restoration in 1999-2000.


Hérens District

Hérens is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Leuk District

The district of Leuk in the canton of Valais contains the following municipalities:

The municipalities of Guttet and Feschel were combined on October 1, 2000

Martigny District

Martigny is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Mariner 10

Mariner 10 was a robotic NASA space probe. It was launched on November 3, 1973, to fly by the planets Mercury and Venus. It passed Mercury three times and photographed much of it. Mariner 10 is no longer working today but is still orbiting the Sun. It was launched about two years after Mariner 9 and was the last spacecraft in the Mariner program. Mariner 10 was the first space probe sent to Mercury.

Saccharide

Saccharide can mean different things:

Fender

Fender is a well known company that produces guitars and bass guitars. These are sold all over the world. The founder is Leo Fender. Fender makes the Stratocaster and Telecaster guitars; and the Precision and Jazz basses.

Myra

Myra is an ancient town in Lycia. The small town of Kale (Demre) is near it today. It is in Antalya Province of Turkey. It was on the river Myros (Demre Çay), in the fertile alluvial plain between Alaca Dağ, the Massikytos range and the Aegean Sea.

Nicholas of Myra (also known as "Saint Nicholas") did many things there.

Metis (moon)

Metis or , is Jupiter's closest moon.

Metis was found in 1979 by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 probe. Its designation was . In 1983 it was named after the mythological Metis, a Titaness who was the first wife of Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter).

Metis is not a sphere and measures 60×40×34 km across. The composition and mass of Metis are not known, but assuming that its mean density is like that of Amalthea (~0.86 g/cm³), its mass can be estimated as ~7×10 kg. Amalthea's density implies that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10-15%, and Adrastea may be similar.

The surface of Metis is very cratered. It is dark and appears to be reddish in color.

Metis is the closest moon to Jupiter. It orbits Jupiter at a distance of ~128,000 km. It has a very small orbital eccentricity (~0.0002) and inclination (~ 0.06°) relative to the equator of Jupiter.7

The images taken by "Voyager 1" showed Metis only as a dot, and very little was known about Metis until the arrival of the "Galileo" spacecraft. "Galileo" took pictures of almost all of the surface of Metis and put constraints on its composition.


Goblin Valley State Park, Utah

The Goblin Valley State Park is a State park in the southern Utah.

The valley, which is only about across and long, is full of thousands of mushroom-shaped pinnacles. These pinnacles are each a few meters high. Because of their height and shape, people referred to them as goblins. They are made of large orange-brown boulders of hard rock on top of weaker sandy layers. The sandy layers have eroded more quickly causing their shape. The "Goblins" are well hidden from the nearby road. The land to the east is flat and empty. It is near a long narrow ridge with eroded layers of grey and red-brown rocks. The far side of this empty land gives the best views of the landscape. The Goblins look as if they join with the cliffs. This gives giving the look of a strange skeletal structure with skull-like rocks and bony ridges. 

There are several trails passing through the park. These trails are not easy to notice and people can walk almost anywhere. 

The land west of Goblin Valley State Park is part of the San Rafael Swell. It is similar to much of south Utah. The land is far away from most things and beautiful. It is crossed only by a few dirt tracks. 4WD vehicles are very useful here. There are many slot canyons in this area. Some of these, for example Little Wild Horse Canyon, may be explored easily.

European Article Number

The European Article Number (often shortened to "EAN") is a standard to encode product numbers. The EAN is a special case of a Global Trade Item Number. The EAN is made of either 8 or 13 digits (EAN-8, and EAN-13). In many cases, the EAN allows to uniquely identify the item. Most of the time, the EAN is printed on the packaging of a product. Special scanners are able to decode these numbers. They then look up the product-specific data (such as the price) and print it on the bill, for exampe.

Note that the EAN is often encoded using a barcode (such as the ones in the example), but this does not have to be thecase. There are other machine-readable codes which can also be used.

The standard EAN has 13 digits. The EAN is composed of different sections:


The normal length of an EAN is 13 digits. There is also a shorter version called EAN-8, for small packages, where the full 13-digit number would take too much space on the package. The EAN-8 consists of:


There are special organisations which give out both EAN-8 and EAN-13 numbers. Since EAN-8 numbers with a starting digit 2 are free use, many retailers (such as Aldi) use them for their own products. As an example, Aldi uses EAN-8 codes starting with 290 or 221; 290 and 221 are the country-specific parts "for internal use".

Eta (disambiguation)

Eta or ETA may mean:

Words:
Abbreviations:

Carrefour, Haiti

Carrefour is a poor district in the Ouest Department of Port-au-Prince, Haïti. Its population is 408,000. The neighborhood is very poor and ill-serviced however as of recently, small-scale construction has gone on in the area along with street renovations. A slum called Feuilles of Carrefour is notorious for the illegal execution of eleven young men that took place there in 1999.

Mochi

Mochi is a type of Japanese confectionary made from pounded pasty rice and molded into shape. Mochi normally has a filling inside, such as ice cream, azuki (red bean) paste, and others. In Japan, mochi is often eaten in New Year's Day in one of two dishes: ozoni (お雑煮) or osiruko (おしるこ).

Mochitsuki is a traditional mochi-making ceremony in Japan. It requires two people. One person pounds steamed rice into the dough with a traditional mortar (臼:usu）and a mallet（杵:kine). The other person turns over rice each time it is pounded. They have to keep rhythm to make mochi well. These days, normal families rarely do classic mochitsuki, but it is still popular at community events or with children's groups.


Mochi can be dangerous food for old people because it is difficult to bite off and is sticky.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi every year.
Japanese know mochi is dangerous traditional food, so the accident is one's own responsibility.

Donkey Kong (video game)

Donkey Kong is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1981. It was designed by Shigeru Miyamoto and Gunpei Yokoi after their other games failed in North America. It is the first game starring Mario (then called Jumpman) and Donkey Kong, where Mario has to climb a construction site to save his girlfriend Pauline from Donkey Kong, an escaped gorilla.

The player is Jumpman (Mario). He must climb to the top of the level to reach his girlfriend Pauline who has been kidnapped by Donkey Kong, who escaped from a zoo. There are four different levels, and Donkey Kong has different weapons in each. Donkey Kong rolls barrels down a busted construction site, and Mario has to climb ladders and jump over these barrels until he reaches the top. He can grab a hammer to defeat obstacles, and each level has three of Pauline's things that will give him bonus points.

When Mario beats the fourth level, it goes back to the first level and it gets harder. Like all arcade games with looping levels has an end level because the game cannot go farther than that. In this, Mario dies ten seconds into the final level.

The music was made by Hirokazu "Hip" Tanaka. Several remixes have been made of music from this game and used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

Shigeru Miyamoto made "Donkey Kong" with the help of other people, such as Gunpei Yokoi. It was based on an older Nintendo game called "Radar Scope", which did not do very well in the United States, so Hiroshi Yamauchi, the president of Nintendo, asked Miyamoto to make a game to replace "Radar Scope".

There are a lot of rumors about where the name comes from. One rumor says that someone misheard or mistranslated the phrase "Monkey Kong" into "Donkey Kong" when talking over the phone or on a fax machine. Another rumor is that Miyamoto used a Japanese-to-English dictionary to find words that meant stubborn gorilla and came up with "Donkey Kong".

When "Donkey Kong" was first announced in America, game magazines thought it was not going to be a good game because it was not like other games being made at the time, which were mostly shooting games. But when it came out, it got great reviews and made a lot of money at the arcades. It is one of Nintendo's most famous games ever made.

There was a documentary made about the game called "" where someone tries to beat the high score for the game.

A lot of items from this game are used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl". There is also a stage that copies the third level.

"Donkey Kong" has had many sequels. "Donkey Kong Jr." and "Donkey Kong 3" were sequels to this game. The playable character called Mario went on to become the biggest game character of all time, making Nintendo more than 1 billion dollars and releasing more than 200 games, more than any other series. Donkey Kong went on to have his own series apart from Mario, starting with "Donkey Kong Country" for the Super NES. Donkey Kong also starred in many more sequels, as well as spin-offs like the "Donkey Konga" music games.

"Donkey Kong" has been re-released many times; first on the Nintendo Entertainment System where it was the same game except that it does not have the second level. It has also appeared on other consoles including Atari consoles. A sequel came out for the Game Boy called "Donkey Kong", which has the first four levels and 100 new levels after that.

"Donkey Kong" appeared as a bonus game in the Frantic Factory level for "Donkey Kong 64".

This game has not to be confused with the Game & Watch "Donkey Kong Jr." portable game console, because the history of the game is a little different. In the Game & Watch version, the main character is Donkey Kong Jr., that has to save its father Donkey Kong from Mario. This game recently released for the Nintendo DSi as a downloadable for the cost of 200 Nintendo Points.

Léogâne

Léogâne is the name of both a coastal city and a district in Ouest Department, Haiti. The city of Léogâne is around . The arrondissement of Léogâne contains three communes: Petit-Goâve, Grand-Goâve, and the city of Léogâne. The town was at the epicenter of the 12 January 2010 earthquake and was catastrophically affected, with 80–90% of buildings damaged. This is because the country could not afford earthquake-proof buildings as it is very poor.

The port town is about West of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. Léogâne is the birthplace of the Taíno queen Anacaona (the town was originally called the Amerindian name "Yaguana" and the city's name is a corruption of that) and of Marie-Claire Heureuse Félicité, the wife of the Haitian revolutionary Jean-Jacques Dessalines (1758).

Atlantic Beach, Florida

Atlantic Beach is a city in Duval County, Florida, United States. When the majority of communities in Duval County consolidated with Jacksonville, Florida in 1968, Atlantic Beach, along with Jacksonville Beach, Neptune Beach, Ponte Vedra Beach and Baldwin, Florida, remained quasi-independent. Like the other towns, it maintains its own municipal government but its residents vote in the Jacksonville mayoral election and have representation on the Jacksonville city council. The population was 13,513 at the 2020 census.

Pity

Pity means feeling for others, particularly feelings of sadness or sorrow. In a positive sense it means "sympathy" and "empathy". More commonly Pity is a negative judgement of others and their situation. An example of pity is how most people feel about the homeless. Pity and compassion are closely related words but have subtle differences. The difference is that compassion usually involves some commitment to help. Pity does not usually require any personal involvement. Sometimes pity can also have feelings of contempt and dislike that go with it. In a positive sense, and especially as practiced in many religions, it can involve feelings the person does not deserve what has happened to him or her. In this case the person feeling pity feels sorry it happened.


<br>

First ascent

In climbing, the first climb to reach the top of a mountain is called first ascent. 
The risks for the climbers are often very high, because the way to the top is not known. That is why first ascents are often carefully recorded as part of the history of a mountain and usually mentioned in books about that mountain. 

Some use the words "last ascent" as a joke for a way that was no pleasure and no one wants to do it like the first climbers.


ZIP code

The ZIP code is the system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service (USPS). The letters "ZIP" is an acronym for Zone Improvement Plan. The letters are written properly in capital letters. The word ZIP was chosen to suggest that the mail travels more efficiently, and more quickly, when senders use it. The basic ZIP code is made up of five numbers. An extended ZIP + 4 code includes the five digits of the ZIP code, a hyphen and then four more digits. This lets a piece of mail to be sent to a more exact location than by the ZIP code alone. "ZIP Code" was a trademark of the U.S. Postal Service but its registration has since ended.

The postal service started the use of postal zones for large cities in 1943. By the early 1960s a more general system was needed. On July 1, 1963, ZIP codes were created for the whole country but they were not mandatory. In 1967, these were made mandatory for many types of mail. The system was soon used for all mail.

In 1983, the U.S. Postal Service began using an expanded ZIP code system called "ZIP + 4", often called "plus-four codes" or "add-on codes."

A ZIP + 4 code uses the basic five-digit code plus an additional four digits to identify a geographic area inside the five-digit delivery area, such as a group of apartments, or a location which gets a large amount of mail.

ZIP codes are numbered with the first number representing a certain group of U.S. states. The second and third numbers represent a region in that group of states or, in some cases, a large city. The fourth and fifth numbers representing a group of delivery addresses within that region. The main town in a region (if applicable) often gets the first ZIP codes for that region. Other towns are often given ZIP codes in numerical order alphabetically.
The first digit of the ZIP code is used as follows:




Eastern European Time

Eastern European Time (EET) is one of the names of UTC+2 time zone, 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. It is used in some European, North African, and Middle Eastern countries. Most of them also use Eastern European Summer Time (UTC+3) as a summer daylight saving time.

Two countries uses Eastern European Time all the year: 

The following countries, parts of countries, and territories use Eastern European Time during the winter only:

Moscow used EET between 1922-30 and 1991-92. In Poland this time was used between 1918-22.
Turkey, used EET between 1910-2016 except for the years 1978-85 and has switched to Moscow Time all year long.

In time of World War II MET (CET) was used in eastern countries, occupied by Germany.


Tom Clancy

Thomas Leo "Tom" Clancy Jr. (April 12, 1947 - October 1, 2013) was an American writer and screenwriter. His books are thrillers about politics, spys and the military. Most of his books include many technical details about their subjects. Seventeen of his novels were best-sellers, with over 100 million copies in print. His stories take place during and after the Cold War. He owned with some other people a Major League Baseball team. Clancy also produced popular video games.

Thomas Leo Clancy Jr. was born on April 12, 1947, in Maryland. He finished school 1965. After school he studied English Literature at Loyola College in Baltimore and finished that in 1968. He said he studied English because he was not smart enough to do physics.

Clancy married his first wife, Wanda, in the 1970s. They have four children together and separated in 1998.

In 1993, Clancy bought with some other people the Baltimore Orioles (Baseball team) from Eli Jacobs.

In 1999, Clancy, at age 52, married the 32-year-old writer Alexandra Marie Llewellyn, on June 26. Llewellyn is a distant relative of Colin Powell.

Clancy is known to have been politically conservative, and gave over $200,000 to Republican Party politicians.

Clancy died October 1, 2013, of heart failure at Johns Hopkins Hospital, near his Baltimore home at age 66. Clancy is survived by his wife, Alexandra; their daughter, Alexis; and four children from a previous marriage to Wanda King: Michelle Bandy, Christine Blocksidge, Kathleen Clancy and Thomas Clancy III. His cause of death was later confirmed to be heart failure.

From the books "The Hunt for Red October", "Patriot Games", "Clear and Present Danger", and "The Sum of All Fears" films were made, that many people wanted to see. The first NetForce book was filmed for television.

The website IMDB says that Tom Clancy's novel "Without Remorse" is to be made into a movie in 2008. No other details are available (27 June 2007).

Several books that are written by other writers have Tom Clancy's name on them, because the books are written in the same way and have the same stories as his own. These are:

Only two books of Clancy are not with Jack Ryan and/or John Clark.



Mount Thor

Mount Thor is a mountain on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. It is the steepest mountain on Earth. It has a straight drop at 1,250 m (4,100 feet), with an average angle of 150 degrees.

Waluigi

Waluigi is a character in Nintendo's series of Mario video games. He is the villain version of Luigi in the same way that Wario is the evil version of Mario. Waluigi is a very long, thin, tall man, who wears purple.

Waluigi is very tall and thin. He wears black overalls with a purple shirt, and has brown, pointed shoes. He has upside-down Ls (Γs) on hat, gloves and mustache which is a Greek letter Gamma, and is the evil counterpart to Luigi.

He was made as a partner for Wario by the company Camelot in Mario Tennis and other Mario spinoff games and has no real story behind him. He is in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U", and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" as an Assist Trophy. Waluigi is known to be smarter than Wario, but acts sillier.

Waluigi was ranked in the tenth slot on GameDaily's top 10 Nintendo characters that deserve their own games. They also listed him as one of the top 25 video-game anti-heroes, saying that it was too bad that he has never had the spotlight.

However, he also ranked number one on the Top 10 Worst "Mario" Characters list from Game Daily, which said, ""for every likable character there's one that continues to annoy us even years after we're done with the game they came from"". Waluigi has been criticised by others as well. Cracked.com said that he was a lazy excuse to add a new villain to the spin-off games and even called him an "abomination".


Alexander von Humboldt

Alexander von Humboldt (Berlin, 14 September 1769 – Berlin, 6 May 1859) was a Prussian naturalist and explorer. Humboldt's work on botanical geography was very important in the field of biogeography.

Humboldt was born in Berlin. His father, Alexander Georg von Humboldt, was a major in the Prussian Army. He married Maria Elizabeth von Colomb in 1766. The couple had two sons, the younger was Alexander. Alexander's elder brother was the Prussian minister, philosopher, and linguist Wilhelm von Humboldt. 

In his childhood Humboldt already liked to collect plants, shells, and insects. Humboldt's father died very early (in 1779). From that time on his mother took care of his education.

Between 1799 and 1804, Humboldt travelled to Latin America and was the first scientist who wrote about it. He was one of the first who said that South America and Africa were once one continent. 

Late in his life he attempted to bring together different fields of science in his work "Kosmos".

Honors and namesakes: Many places and species are named after him, as is the Humboldt Current.




Nike, Inc.

Nike, Incorporated is a company formed in the United States. It is based near Beaverton, Oregon. 

Nike is the world’s biggest brand of sports shoes, clothes and equipment.

Nike has approximately 62,600 employees worldwide as of 2015.

Their net income is $2.7 billion and their revenue is $27.8 billion.

The company was founded on 25 January 1964. Nike was named Blue Ribbon Sports at first ( it changed to Nike in 1971). The original founders of Nike are Bill Bowerman and Philip Knight. The company is named after Nike, the Greek goddess of victory.

Nike sells its products under its own name as well as Nike Golf, Nike Pro, Nike+, Air Jordan, and Team Starter. Nike also owns the brands Bauer, Cole Haan, Hurley International, and Converse. "Nike, Incorporated" also funds certain sports events such as the FIFA World Cup 2014.


Pound sterling

The pound sterling (GBP; £ or ₤), also called just the pound, is the official currency used in the United Kingdom. It is also used in British overseas territories and the British Crown dependencies of the Isle of Man, Bailiwicks of Guernsey and Jersey. The pound is divided into 100 .

Today's coins are 1 penny, 2 pence, 5 pence, 10 pence, 20 pence, 50 pence, £1 and £2. The banknotes are £5, £10, £20 and £50.

As of October 2022, one pound was equal to 1.11 United States dollars.

A pound coin originally weighed one troy pound of sterling silver, giving the currency the name "pound sterling". "Sterling silver" means mixed metal that has 92.5% or more real silver. One pound sterling was originally divided by 240 sterling pence. This was because there are 240 pennyweights in a troy pound. So a single one–pound coin weighed one troy pound (about 373 grams) and a single 1–penny coin weighed one pennyweight (about. 1.5 gram).

The Latin word for "pound" is "libra". The £ or ₤ is a stylised writing of the letter L, a short way of writing "libra". This is similar to how a pound of mass is abbreviated "lb". Up until around the 1970s, especially on typewriters or keyboards without a "£" symbol, it was common to write "L" instead of "£".

The symbol for pennies is p. The British write 50p or £0.50 and say it "fifty pence" or simply "fifty pee"

The pound has only been divided into 100 pence since 1971. Before this time it was divided into 20 shillings. Each shilling was divided into 12 pennies.

The symbols for shilling and penny came from Roman coins: "s" for shilling (from the Latin word "solidus") and "d" for penny (from the Latin "denarius"). The penny was divided into 4 farthings. The farthing became obsolete (was no longer used) in 1961 because it was worth so little.

Coins just before the change in 1971 were: 1/2d (ha'penny), 1d (one penny), 3d (threepence; the coin was called a "thrup'ny bit"); 6d (sixpence); 1s (one shilling, also called one "bob"); 2s (a florin); 2s6d (half a crown; the crown, 5s (a quarter of a pound sterling), was not used in modern times).

How prices were written and pronounced in the old system:

There was also a guinea. Originally the guinea was a gold coin. Although the coin had not been minted or circulated for a long time, prices were still sometimes given in guineas. A guinea was 21s (or £1 1s 0d). A price of 58 guineas was, in fact, £60 18s 0d, which sounds more than "58 guineas".

In circulation before 1971 were the halfpenny, penny, threepence, sixpence, shilling, florin, crown, sovereign, ten shilling note, and the one, five, 10, 20 and 50 pound notes.

The crown and sovereign were legal currency before 1971. By then they were commemorative coins and not commonly found in circulation. They are both still legal currency at a value of 25 pence and £1 respectively.

In 1971, the pound sterling of the United Kingdom and the Irish Pound of Ireland were decimalised (divided into 100). Most coins were de-monetised. £1 was equal to 100 pence after then. One shilling became 5 pence, remaining of £1. £1 stayed the same.


Vestfold

Vestfold is a county in Norway. (It became a county again in 2024.)
It bordered Buskerud and Telemark. The county administration was in the city of Tønsberg. Vestfold was west of the Oslo Fjord. The river Numedalslågen runs through the area. Many islands are at the coast. Vestfold is mostly lowland areas. It is among the best agricultural areas of Norway.

On 1 January 2020 the county merged with Telemark to the county of Vestfold og Telemark.

Vestfold used to be a headquarters for whaling fleets. The economy of the coastal towns of Vestfold now is centered around fishing and shipbuilding. Some lumbering is done away from the coast. The district also has some of the best farmland in Norway. 

Buskerud

Buskerud is a county of Norway. It became a county again, in 2024. (It was a county, before 2020.) The main city of Buskerud is Drammen.

On 1 January 2020 the county merged with Akershus and Østfold to the current county of Viken.

Telemark

Telemark is a county in Norway. Skien is the main city in Telemark.

On 1 January, 2020 the county merged with Vestfold to the county of Vestfold og Telemark. On 1 January, 2024, they split apart again.

Akershus

Akershus is a county of Norway. It became a county again, in 2024.

It is bordered by Buskerud, Oslo and Østfold and former counties Hedmark and Oppland.

It has a short border with Sweden. Akershus was the second largest county in population after Oslo. 

It has more than half a million people living in it.

The county administration is in Oslo, which was not part of the county.

Animal life: Wolves exist in the county. The government has no policy for causing extinction, but at least two wolves were killed in 2024.

The county is named after Akershus Fortress.

Most of the county is in the districts Follo and Romerike. There are also the two smaller districts of Asker and Bærum which are west of Oslo.

Akershus includes some of the lake Mjøsa and some of the river Glomma. Because it includes many suburbs of Oslo, notably Bærum, Akershus has a large number of people living in a small area. The main national railway lines into Oslo run through Akershus with many stations such as Asker, Ullensaker, Ski and Lillestrøm.

The county includes the historical place Eidsvoll, 48 km north of Oslo. This is where the National assembly voted the Norwegian constitution in 1814. South of Eidsvoll is the international airport of Oslo Airport at Gardermoen. The home of the crown prince is in Asker.

The county has a major international airport, the Oslo Airport. It also has two university hospitals, Akershus University Hospital and Sunnaas Hospital.

Akershus became a fief in the 16th century. At that time it included the current counties of Hedmark, Oppland, Buskerud and Oslo. It also included municipalities of Askim, Eidsberg and Trøgstad in the county of Østfold. In 1685 Buskerud was separated from Akershus. In 1768 Hedmark and Oppland were also separated from Akershus. In 1842 Christiania (Oslo) was made separate as well. In 1948 Aker was transferred to the county of Oslo.

On 1 January 2020 the county merged with Buskerud and Østfold to the current county of Viken.

The county is named after Akershus Fortress. The fortress was built in 1299. Its name means "the (fortified) house of (the district) Aker". 



West Highland White Terrier

The West Highland White Terrier or Westie is originally a Scottish dog. 

The Westie was first used for hunting foxes and otters. The breed is well known for high stamina, courage and agility. Westies have a double white coat which protects them from attacks and cold weather. They have dark black eyes.

They are small dogs and are lively, playful and alert. They are loyal to their owner, but can be stubborn at times. They are known to kill small animals, such as moles, squirrels, chipmunks and birds. They like to be outdoors.

Soldier (song)

"Soldier" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rich Harrison, Sean Garrett, T.I., and Lil Wayne for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). It was produced by Knowles and Harrison and released as the album's second single in fall 2004. The song reached number 3 in Australia and the United States. It became the group's tenth and final consecutive top 10 hit in the US. It peaked in the top 10 in New Zealand, the UK, Denmark, Ireland, Israel, Finland, Italy, Greece and Switzerland. The song also was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration category. It won the Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best R&B/Soul Single by a Group, Band or Duo.



Abrasion (medical)

In dermatology, an abrasion is a damage to the skin that affects only the surface, generally not deeper than the epidermis. But it can give mild bleeding. Mild abrasions, also known as 'grazes' do not scar, but deep abrasions may lead to the development of scarring tissue.

Abrasion injuries occur rather often when exposed skin comes into moving contact with a rough surface causing trauma to the upper layers of the epidermis.

Such injuries, where caused by abrasive contact with textiles or carpet, are sometimes referred to as 'rug burn' or 'carpet burn'. 


Abrasion (disambiguation)

Abrasion may mean:


Wear (erosion)

In materials science, wear is the erosion of material from a solid surface by the action of another solid. The study of the processes of wear is part of the discipline of tribology.
There are four principal wear processes:


The definition of wear does not include loss of dimension from plastic deformation, although wear can happen without loss of material. Also this definition does not include impact wear where there is no sliding motion or cavitation (also corrosion) where counterbody is a fluid..

Wear, along with other aging processes such as fatigue, creep, and fracture toughness, causes progressive degradation of materials with time leading to failure of material at an advanced age. Under normal circumstances, the property changes during usage normally occur in three different stages as follows:-
• Primary or early stage or run-in period, where rate of changes can be high. 
• Secondary or mid-age process where a steady rate of aging process is maintained. The useful or working life is at this stage.
• Tertiary or old-age stage, where rapid rate of aging leads to early failure.

With increasing severity of environmental conditions, such as, higher temperatures, strain rates, stress and sliding velocities, the secondary stage is shortened and the primary stage tends to merge with the tertiary stage, thus drastically reducing the working life. Surface engineering processes are used to minimize wear and extend working life of material.

Adhesive wear is also known as scoring, galling, or seizing. It happens when two solid surfaces slide over one another under pressure.

This happens when material is removed by contact with hard particles. The particles either may be present at the surface of a second material or may exist as loose particles between two surfaces. 
Abrasive wear can be measured as loss of mass by the Taber Abrasion Test according to ISO 9352 or ASTM D 1044.

Often referred to simply as “corrosion”, corrosive wear is deterioration of useful properties in a material due to reactions with its environment.

Surface fatigue is a how the surface of a material is weakened by cyclic loading, which is one type of general material fatigue.


Compacted oxide layer glaze

Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny, wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals (or a metal and ceramic) are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere. The layer forms on either or both the surfaces in contact and can protect against wear.



Wound

In medicine, a wound is a type of physical injury where in the skin is torn, cut or punctured (an "open" wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a bruise (a "closed" wound). In pathology, it specifically means a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin. A mortal wound is one that leads directly to the death of the victim.

To heal a wound, the body undertakes a series of actions collectively known as the wound healing process.



Chick Corea

Armando Anthony "Chick" Corea (June 12, 1941 – February 9, 2021) was a famous American jazz pianist/keyboardist and composer.

He was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts and learned to play drums and piano with his father. His career began in 1962 and he moved to New York City where he went to music schools and played with famous jazz musisicans such as Stan Getz, Sarah Vaughan and Miles Davis. In 1972 he started his own jazz band called Return to Forever, where he played electric piano. In the 1980s he formed one band called the Acoustic Band and one called the Electric Band. He also had small trios and bigger bands. One of his recents bands was called "Spanish Heart Band" and had 8 members.

All together he made around 80 records and won 23 Grammy Awards. Some of his best known jazz compositions were called "Spain", "500 Miles High", "Fiesta", "Armando's Rhumba" and "Windows".

Corea died from cancer at his home in the Tampa Bay Area of Florida on February 9, 2021, at age 79.

Monthey District

Monthey is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Raron (district)

Raron was a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Street children

Children that are homeless, and that have to look for themselves are called street children. They may have run away, or they may have no relatives who look after them. 

Looking at it more closely, there are two different concepts: 

According to the European Federation for Street Children, they are an extremely vulnerable group living in very difficult conditions. The human rights of many of these children are often violated: They are exposed to violence or sexual exploitation and abuse. They may be addicted to drugs.

Article 27 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC) says that the state recognises the right of every child to a standard of living that is adequate for the development of the child. 

“State parties recognize the right of every child to a standard of living adequate for the child's physical, mental, spiritual, moral and social 

development.” Homelessness denies each one of those rights. According to an Inter-NGO Program on street children and youth, a street child is “any girl or boy who has not reached adulthood, for whom the street (in the widest sense of the word, including unoccupied dwellings, wasteland, etc.) has become his or her habitual abode and/or source of livelihood, and who is inadequately protected, directed, and supervised by responsible adults.”

Children who have no home but the streets, and no family support. They move from place to place, living in shelters and abandoned buildings.
In institutionalized care: children in this situation come from a situation of homelessness and are at risk of returning to a life on the street or facing at the child labour or child prostitution.

Saint-Maurice District

Saint-Maurice is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Sierre District

Sierre is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Sion District

Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Visp District

Visp is a district in the canton of Valais in southern Switzerland. It contains the following municipalities:

Steckborn District

Steckborn is a former district of the canton of Thurgau. The capital city was Steckborn.

It contains the following municipalities:

Frauenfeld District

Frauenfeld is a district of the canton of Thurgau. The capital city, and the capital of Thurgau, is the city of Frauenfeld.

These municipalities are in the district:

American badger

The American badger ("Taxidea taxus") is an animal usually found in the Great Plains area of North America. 

It looks similar to the European badger, but it is not closely related to them. It is found in the western, central, and eastern United States, northern Mexico, and south-central Canada.

The American badger's habitat lives in open grasslands eating prey (such as mice, squirrels, and groundhogs). The badger likes areas such as prairies with sandy loam soils where it can dig easily for its prey. They are found in many places from high alpine meadows to sea level.

American badgers are excellent diggers, and can tunnel rapidly through the soil using their powerful forelimbs.

Badgers are carnivorous. Unlike many carnivores that stalk their prey in open country, badgers catch most of their food by digging. They can tunnel after ground-dwelling rodents with amazing speed.

Kreuzlingen District

Kreuzlingen is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Kreuzlingen.

It contains the following municipalities:

Weinfelden District

Weinfelden is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Weinfelden.

It contains the following municipalities:

Bischofszell District

Bischofszell is a former district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city was Bischofszell.

It contains the following municipalities:

Diessenhofen District

Diessenhofen is a former district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city was Diessenhofen.

It contains the following municipalities:

Münchwilen District

Münchwilen is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Münchwilen.

It contains the following municipalities:

Arbon District

Arbon is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Arbon.

It contains the following municipalities:

Steckborn

Steckborn is a municipality in Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It was the capital city of Steckborn.

Steckborn is near Lake Constance. In 2005, 3,398 people lived there.

People already lived in the area around Steckborn in the 100s. There are also Roman ruins of walls and other buildings. Probably in the 800s, the village became part of the territory of the monastery of Reichenau. This is the period when it is first written about.



Frauenfeld

Frauenfeld is the capital city of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is also the capital city of the district of Frauenfeld.

The city is first written about in 1246. It grew up around the Frauenfeld castle on the land of the Reichenau convent.

In 1264, it became the property of the Habsburgs. In 1374, the Habsburgs bestowed the right of judgment for all of Thurgau (which then included St. Gallen) on the Duke of Frauenfeld.

Twice in the 1700s, Frauenfeld was partly destroyed by fire, in 1771 and in 1788.

The fall of the old Old Swiss Confederacy in 1798 as a result of the French invasion brought an end to the gatherings in Frauenfeld.

In 1919, the municipalities of Langdorf, Kurzdorf, Huben, Herten, and Horgenbach became part of Frauenfeld. In 1998, Gerlikon, Schönenhof, and Zelgli joined Frauenfeld.


Benito Jeronimo Feijoo

Benito Jerónimo Feijoo y Montenegro (8 October 1676 - 26 September 1764) was a Galician neoclassical monk and scholar noted for encouraging scientific thought in Galicia and Spain.

He was born in Casdemiro, and joined the Benedictines at the age of 12, and had taken classes in Galicia, León, and Salamanca. He later taught theology and philosophy at the university of Oviedo, and died at Oviedo. Padre Feijoo studied in Salamanca, Spain, at the University of Oviedo, earning a professorship in theology. Feijoo was a prominent essayist for the Spanish, and his critiques, letters, and plays helped change the steadfast beliefs of many during the 18th century.

His two famous multi-volume collection of essays, "Teatro critico universal" (1726-1739) and "Cartas eruditas y curiosas" cover a range of subjects, from education, law, and medicine, to superstitions and popular beliefs. 

Father Feijoo was a debunker of myths. He had great interest in natural science and many of his essays touch on topics related to this subject and to the many myths about creatures and lands that abounded at that time. One example of how far his naturalistic bent went can be found in a story told by Julio A. Feijoo, one of his descendents, born in Cuba in 1910. Father Feijoo believed that demonic possession was a psychological phenomenon. Once he was called upon to perform an exorcism, and in order to demonstrate that this phenomenon was more due to suggestibility than anything else, in performing a spurious exorcism on the "possessed" subject, he read from Bocaccio's famous bawdy work the "Decameron". Upon hearing the Latin lines, the "possessed" individual settled down and declared himself to be free of demonic influence.

Kreuzlingen

Kreuzlingen is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is the second largest city of the canton, after Frauenfeld, with a population of over 18,000. 

In 1874, the municipality of Egelshofen was renamed "Kreuzlingen". It reached the present size with the adding of Kurzrickenbach in 1927 and Emmishofen in 1928.

It is located on Lake Constance. It is halfway between Schaffhausen and Rorschach.

The name of the municipality stems from the Augustinian monastery "Crucelin", which was later renamed Kreuzlingen Abbey. It was built in 1125 by the Bishop of Constance, Ulrich I. In the Swabian War and the 30 Years' War after the siege of Constance by Swedish troops, Kreuzlingen Abbey was burned down by the people of Constance. The monks were blamed for having supported the enemy. In 1650, the monastery was rebuilt in its present location. Because of secularization in 1848, the buildings became a school. The chapel became a Catholic church

People already lived in the area during the Bronze Age. Celtic and Roman coins and artifacts show that people were settled in the area pre-writing. Kurzrickenbach is first mentioned as "Rihinbah" in 830, Egelshofen is mentioned as "Eigolteshoven" in 1125, and Emmishofen is mentioned as "Eminshoven" in 1159. The territory, except for the Augustinian monastery, belonged to the Bishop of Constance. 

Until the beginning of the 19th century, the centre of Kreuzlingen was still largely agricultural. The first steamboats began to operate on Lake Constance in 1824. The first train line to Romanshorn was finished in 1871, and the second to Etzwilen in 1875. This brought commerce and industry to the area. In 1874, Kreuzlingen became the capital of the district, instead of the previous capital, Gottlieben. However, until World War I, Kreuzlingen was a kind of suburb of Constance. Most of its profits went to German firms. The war made Kreuzlingen more independent.

The Sanatorium of Bellevue (1857-1980), which occupied part of the old monastery, played an important role in the history of Kreuzlingen. In 1842, a man called Ignaz Vanotti from Constance bought a large area of land and constructed a building to house the emigrant press of Bellevue in 1843, which had been in Römerburg. In 1857, Ludwig Binswanger, a psychiatrist from Münsterlingen bought the property and opened a private sanatorium. The clinic was very modern and stayed in the control of the Binswanger family for nearly 120 years. Important psychiatric discoveries, particularly under the founder's grandson's control, especially in the development of existential psychotherapy, were made at the sanatorium. However, few of its buildings remain.

Most of the people in Kreuzlingen made a living in the wine industry. However, because of diseases and bad harvests, the last wine grapes were raised in Kreuzlingen in 1938.

Today, the local economy is mostly shopping and handcraft, with the largest employer being a clothing maker.


Weinfelden

Weinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is the capital of the district of the same name.

In December 2004 it had about 9500 people. Since it is in the middle of the canton, part of the canton's government is in the town. The Thurgau cantonal bank is also there. The grand council of the canton meets in Weinfelden during the winter.

Already in the year 124 AD, there was a Roman bridge over the Thur at Weinfelden. The name "Weinfelden" is first documented in 838.

Weinfelden was by far the biggest town in the canton of Thurgau. In 1798, Paul Reinhart and his committee led the area to freedom from the domination of the "Eidgenossen". In 1803, Thurgau became an independent canton, through the mediation of Napoleon, with Frauenfeld as capital.

In 1830, Thomas Bornhauser spoke to a large crowd in Weinfelden, demanding a liberal constitution for the canton. It is one of the first (if not the first) such document.

Portraits of both Paul Reinhart and Thomas Bornhauser hang in the "Rathaus".


Bernardino de Sahagún

Bernardino de Sahagún (1499 – October 23 1590), was a Franciscan missionary to the Aztec (Nahua) people of Mexico, best known as the compiler of the "Florentine Codex," also known as "" ("General History of the Things of New Spain").

Bruise

A bruise, also called a contusion or an ecchymosis, is a visible bluish or purplish mark or patch appearing beneath the surface of the skin, resulting from blood that leaked out of the deeper layers of the tissues. Bruises are usually caused by a blow or pressure. In older people, bruises may also occur without a special reason.

Bruises often cause pain but are normally not dangerous. Sometimes bruises can be serious and lead to other more life-threatening forms of hematoma, or they can be associated with serious injuries such as fractures and internal bleeding. Minor bruises may be easily recognized, in people with light skin color, by their characteristic blue or purple appearance (idiomatically described as "black and blue") in the days following the injury.

Bruises change color over time. That is because the body is fixing the bruise by breaking down and reabsorbing the blood, which makes the bruise to go through many colors before it later disappears. The age of a bruise can be guessed by looking at its color.


Usually, a bruise takes about two weeks to fade away. Some people bruise easily, but others do not. This is because they may have more tough skin tissue, certain diseases or conditions, or they take certain kinds of medication.

Also, blood vessels tend to become fragile as people get older, which is why elderly people receive a bruise much more easily.

Applying cold when the bruise is discovered helps make it smaller, because it stops the blood that's flowing to the area. It also keeps the swelling down. It is best to apply ice to the bruise for half an hour to an hour at a time for a day or two after the bruise first appears. However, it is not advisable to place ice right on the skin. Putting some icecubes in a plastic bag and wrapping a towel around the bag is a better idea to stop the bruise from getting worse.

Another way to help heal the bruise is to put the bruised area above the level of the heart. This helps to slow the flow of the blood because more of the blood in the bruise will flow back toward the rest of the body instead of leaking out into the tissues. If this is not done, more blood will flow into the bruise and make it grow.

If the bruise causes pain, painkillers, such as NSAIDs may be used against the pain. Certain creams exist to help with bruises. These creams usually combine a substance that helps skin growth with one that acts against the pain. Gently massaging the area of the bruise may also help recovery, and stop the pain, according to the gate theory of pain. If the massage is painful, it will not help the healing process. As for most injuries, these techniques should not be applied until at least three days after the initial damage to ensure all internal bleeding has stopped. Increasing blood flow will allow more healing factors into the area and encourage drainage, but if the injury is still bleeding this will also allow more blood to seep out of the wound and cause the bruise to become worse. In most cases, hematomas spontaneously revert. In cases of large hematomas or those localized in certain organs (<nowiki>"e.g."</nowiki>, the brain), a physician may perform a puncture of the hematoma to allow the blood to exit.

Bruises that do not result from the application of force (blunt trauma) may be a symptom for other conditions: People with such bruises often have a problem with their blood. Platelet or coagulation disorders often lead to the increased bruising. Unexplained bruising may be a warning sign of child abuse, domestic abuse, or serious medical problems such as leukemia or meningoccocal infection. Unexplained bruising can also indicate internal bleeding or certain types of cancer.

During an autopsy, bruises accompanying abrasions indicate the abrasions occurred while the person was alive, as opposed to damage that occurred after death


Leopoldo Alas

Leopoldo Alas y Ureña (25 April 1851 – 13 May 1901), also known as Clarín, was a Spanish realist writer born in Zamora. He died in Oviedo on 13 May 1901.

Clarin lived in León and Guadalajara in his childhood, then he moved to Oviedo in 1865. There he studied "at" high school and he started his law career. He lived in Madrid from 1871 to 1878, where he started his career as a journalist and he graduated with the thesis "Law and Morality". He taught in Zaragoza from 1882 to 1883. In 1883 he returned to Oviedo to take up a position as teacher of Roman law.

His books include "La Regenta". It is a long work, similar to Flaubert's "Madame Bovary", one of the books that helped to inspire it. Other influences included Naturalism and "Kraussism", a philosophical trend which made cultural and moral change in Spain. He also wrote Nuevo viaje al Parnaso and La Literatura en 1881 (1882), working with Armando Palacio Valdes.

"La Regenta" is special for its great number of characters and other stories around the main story of the novel. The main character is shown in a way that is not very clear. The downfall of the provincial lady who is between two very different men who want to marry her: the most handsome man in the city, who is the winner in the end, and the cathedral's priest. The way the priest is shown is a very important part of the book.

For the description of the provincial setting and the city's collective life, Clarín used styles such as the internal monologue or the free indirect style, which makes the story be told by the characters, not the narrator.

In 1890, he published a new novel, "Su único hijo". Most critics do not think it is as good as "La Regenta". "Su único hijo" was originally meant to be the first of a series of three books, but these were not written. The only parts of them that exist are an outline and a few fragments of two of the novels. "Su único hijo" was Clarín's last long book.

Clarín also wrote some stories and some journalistic articles.

Clarin remains a rather unknown figure in the Spanish literary world. He searched for God and was Humanist at the same time. This strange mix has led to there being different views on the meaning of his writings. "La Regenta" in particular has many different views on what it could mean.



Pasiphaë (moon)

Pasiphaë is one of Jupiter's moons. It was found in 1908 by Philibert Jacques Melotte and was named after Pasiphaë from Greek mythology, the wife of Minos and mother of Minotaur.

Anthe (moon)

Anthe is a very small moon of Saturn between the orbits of Mimas and Enceladus. It is also known as Saturn XLIX and its designation was S/2007 S 4. It is named after one of the Alkyonides; the name means "flowery".

It was found by the Cassini Imaging Team in images taken on May 30, 2007. Once the find was made, a search of older Cassini images showed this small moon in observations from as far back as June 2004. It was first announced on July 18, 2007.

Kiviuq (moon)

Kiviuq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 5.

It was named in 2003 after a "giant" of Inuit mythology. Kiviuq (also spelled Keeveeok, Qiviuq or Kivioq) is a legendary and heroic Inuk, a sort of Inuit Odysseus. He has lived very long (or has had several lives), has wandered and journeyed, living all sorts of adventures whose details depend on the story-teller's local tradition.

Kiviuq is about 16 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 11.1 million kilometers in 450 days. It is a member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.

Kiviuq displays "light-red" colours and the infrared spectrum very similar to Siarnaq and Paaliaq, further supporting the thesis of a possible common origin of the Inuit group in the break-up of a bigger body.


Manchukuo

Manchukuo was a puppet state of the Empire of Japan in China and Inner Mongolia from 1932 until 1945. It was first a republic, but in 1934 it became a constitutional monarchy. It had little international recognition and was under the "de facto" control of Japan. Japan also took Inner Mongolia in 1936 and renamed it Mengjiang in 1936.

Manchuria was the place of the Manchus, including the kings of the Qing dynasty. In 1931, Japan occupied Manchuria after the Mukden Incident. A pro-Japanese government was created one year later with Puyi, the last Qing emperor, as the nominal regent and later emperor. Manchukuo's government was removed in 1945 at the end of World War II. The Soviet Union invaded in August 1945, and formally transferred the territory to Chinese administration in the following year. 

Although the territories came under the jurisdiction of the Nationalist government, the brief Soviet occupation helped make the region a base for the Chinese Communist troops led by Mao Zedong. The People's Liberation Army got Japanese equipment and a strategic advantage against the National Revolutionary Army led by Chiang Kai-shek.

Manchus were a minority in Manchukuo: the largest ethnic group were Han Chinese. The number of Koreans increased during the Manchukuo period, and there were also Japanese, Mongols, White Army Russians and other minorities. The southern part of the Liaodong Peninsula was ruled by Japan as the Kwantung Leased Territory. 

Manchukuo had a Japanese death camp called Unit 731 where up to half a million died from medical experiments and other causes. This is similar to the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz in Nazi-occupied Poland. 

In August 1945 Stalin invaded Manchukuo as well as Mengjiang and North Korea. America got South Korea, so the two large countries split Korea in half. Stalin controlled Manchuria until 1946. In the same year, 1946, Stalin helped Mao Zedong in the Second Chinese Civil War (19461949).

Manchukuo means Manchuria in Japanese 満州国 ; manchukoku . The Mongolians called it (Mongolian : Манеж-Го : Manjugo) the Russians called it (Russian : Маньчжоу-Го : Man’chzhou-Go) the Chinese called it (Chinese : 满洲国 : mǎnzhōuguó) the Koreans called it (Korean : 만주국 : Manjugug).

Ijiraq (moon)

Ijiraq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by the team of
Brett Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation .

Ijiraq orbits Saturn at an average distance of 11,100,000 km in 451 days on an orbit very similar to Kiviuq's. The diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other non-spherical moons of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.

While Ijiraq is a member of the Inuit group non-spherical moons, recent observations revealed that Ijiraq is redder than Paaliaq, Siarnaq and Kiviuq.

Kavelaars, an astronomer at McMaster University, suggested this name to help astronomical nomenclature to get out of its Greco-Romano-Renaissance rut. He spent several months trying to find names that were both multi-cultural and Canadian, consulting Amerindian scholars without finding a name that seemed good. In March 2001, he was reading an Inuit story to his children and had a revelation. The ijiraq plays at hide-and-seek, which is what these small moons of Saturn do: they are hard to find, and cold like the Canadian Arctic (the team of discoverers includes Canadians, Norwegians and Icelandic's—Nordicity is their common trait). Kavelaars contacted the author of the tale, Michael Kusugak, to get his assent, and the latter also suggested the names for Kiviuq and 90377 Sedna.


Armenian genocide denial

Denial of the Armenian Genocide is the belief that the Armenian Genocide did not happen or that what happened was not genocide.

From 1915-1923, the Ottoman Empire (which later became the Republic of Turkey), tried to remove many Armenian people from the Empire. Between 800,000 and 1,800,000 Armenians were killed. Also many Armenians had to leave their homes (this is called relocation or displacement).

People who deny the Armenian Genocide say that these things never happened or that it was not that serious. They also say that the Ottoman government never centrally organised genocide against the Armenian people. For example, the Republic of Turkey, and Azerbaijan do not believe at all that the Ottoman government tried to remove and kill the Armenian people in the Empire.

The Armenian Genocide happened in 1915-1916, but since 1789, Turkey has denied many acts of violence towards the Armenian people. Fatma Gocek, who studies the Armenian genocide, believes that because Turkey has denied violence towards Armenians since 1789, Turkey was more likely to deny the Armenian genocide.

Since the Armenian Genocide happened, the main claim of denial used by the Ottoman Empire (later the republic of Turkey) has remained the same.The Ottoman Empire believes that the genocide never happened, that Turkey is not responsible for the genocide and that “Genocide” is too strong of a word to use to describe what happened.

The leaders of the Ottoman Empire thought they could not say the Armenian Genocide was real. This was because most of the countries the Ottoman Empire was allied with had mainly Christian people. Armenians were also Christian, and if the Ottoman Empire’s allies found out the Ottoman Empire used violence against other Christians, the allies would have been upset. The leaders of the Ottoman Empire instead tried to say Armenians were a national security (making sure a country is safe) threat as the reason why the deportations happened.

During the time the genocide was happening, Enver Pasha, told Ambassador Morgenthau (the American Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire) that Armenians were separatists (wanting to create their own country on Ottoman Land), traitors (people who betray their country) and violent towards Ottoman soldiers and that was why the Ottoman government had to displace them. This was untrue, Armenians were only violent after the genocide had started.

After World War 1, Talat Pasha (another leader of the Armenian Genocide and the Ottoman Empire), followed Enver’s strategy to minimize the Armenian Genocide. 


The Armenians did not participate in violence against the government until after the genocide had started. The violence the Armenians participated in was for their self-defense.

After World War 1, the Ottoman Empire tried to prove they were not responsible for the genocide by trying to place the blame on other groups. The Ottoman Empire blamed corrupt officials, Kurds, and criminals for the events of the genocide.

Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was the founder of Turkey, and still holds a very important role in how Turkish people see themselves. Ataturk originally supported justice for people responsible for the genocide. He said the genocide was 


In 1920 the Treaty of Sevres was signed. This would have resulted in a loss of land and loss of sovereignty (the ability for a country to govern itself independently) for Turkey. In 1921 Greece invaded Turkey. In two ways Turkey’s territory and sovereignty were threatened. Because of this, Ataturk changed his opinion on the Armenian Genocide so he could bring Turks together. Ataturk denied the Armenian Genocide to promote nationalism and unity against the two major threats (The Treaty of Sevres and the Greek invasion). 

Later, Turkey began a campaign claiming that people who survived the genocide were lying. Turkey also said that foreigners who said the Armenian Genocide happened were part of a group conspiring against Turkey (trying to cause harm to Turkey). Also, Turkey said any documents proving the Armenian Genocide happened were fake. 

Today, denial of the Armenian Genocide is a large part of Turkish nationalism and how Turks define themselves. If a Turk agreed that the Armenian Genocide was real, this would go against how Turks see their country. This would cause problems with self and national-identity.

Many people in Turkey still do not believe the Armenian Genocide happened. This is because of five reasons. Firstly, there were laws which said that people who publicly said they believe the Armenian Genocide is real could go to jail. Secondly, people who believe in the Armenian Genocide are seen as traitors. This creates a lot of social pressure to continue denial. Thirdly, many Turkish people do not learn about Armenian history. Fourthly, many Turkish and Kurdish people gained property and wealth because the genocide. When Armenian people were removed from their homes, their homes and belongings were divided between other people. Fifthly, Turkish people were affected by social amnesia (a group of people start to forget their past because other people remove evidence of the truth).

In 1990, psychologist Robert Jay Lifton got a letter from the Turkish Ambassador to the United States. In the letter, the Ambassador asked Lifton how he could have talked about the Armenian Genocide in one of his books (because the Ambassador believed the Genocide never happened). By mistake, the Ambassador also included a draft of a letter written by scholar Heath Lowry, which told him how to keep the Armenian Genocide from being talked about in books. Lowry was later named to a chair (an important position) at Princeton University. Princeton had been given a $750,000 grant from the Republic of Turkey. This led to many arguments about ethics in scholarship.

Open University of Israel scholar Yair Auron has talked about the different ways the Turkish government has tried to make it seem like the Armenian Genocide never happened:
→ Auron is saying that since the 1980s, the Turkish government has given money to some good universities to create "institutes" that should study Turkish history and culture more in details. However, these institutes helped to deny the Genocide and the events of it even more.

University of California, Los Angeles scholar Leo Kuper, in a review on Ervin Staub's "The Roots of Evil: The Origins of Genocide and Other Group Violence" research, writes:
→ Kuper is saying that the Turkish government keeps saying the Genocide never happened. But in courts-martial after World War I, the Turkish government admitted that it organized, planned, and committed the genocide of Armenians.

In the aftermath of the Armenian Genocide, the newly founded Republic of Turkey created an organization that investigated how many Armenians had died between 1915 and 1918. It was discovered that 800.000 people had died during this time, though many historians believe the death toll is much higher. The founder of modern Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, admitted to the killing of Armenians more than once after the First World War, and many within his movement agreed accountability was needed. This changed in the following years, when it was discovered that many of Turkey's founders were involved in the genocide. Since these men were celebrated as heroes during the First World War, their crimes were not recognized by Turkey.

Turkey continues to deny that the killings of Armenian people in the Ottoman Empire was a genocide. While there is no specific law in Turkey today that forbids people from talking about the genocide, there have been many cases of Turkey using the law to stop education on the Armenian Genocide. Scholars of history have named several reasons as to why Turkey still continues to deny that the Armenian Genocide happened. For example, many Turkish policymakers have expressed that admitting to the genocide would result in Armenia calling for reparations, or even demand back the territories they lost in World War I.

Some countries, for example, Switzerland, have laws that punish people who deny genocides or crimes against humanity. A Turkish politician Dogu Perinçek was found guilty by this Swiss law in March 2007 because he said that the Armenian genocide is “a great international lie.” He did not agree with the court`s decision, and he said that the decision went against his freedom of speech (the right to express ones opinion without legal intervention). He went against the court`s decision, and his law case went to the European Court of Human Rights. The court decided that Dogu Perinçek is not guilty and that this law is against the freedom of expression.

There are some countries which do not formally recognize the genocide, and are neutral about the recognition or the denial. These countries include Israel and the United Kingdom. 

In the June 6, 2005 edition of the TIME Europe magazine, the Ankara Chamber of Commerce (a group of business people and corporations interested in business matters) paid for tourism advertisements. These advertisements included DVDs accusing Armenian people of killing Turkish people. Time Europe later apologized for sharing the DVD and published a letter saying the DVDs were wrong. The February 12, 2007 edition of TIME Europe had a page that said that the Armenian Genocide did really happen. It also included a DVD of a documentary by French director Laurence Jourdan about the Genocide. 

In 2014, Armenian-American singer-songwriter Serj Tankian wrote a letter addressed to the "People of Turkey" in which he posed the question "Must I fight propoganda and corruption internationally to regain justice?" In it he talks about how the Denial of the Armenian Genocide has impacted him, and how he feels Turkey could do better moving forward. 

The 24th of April is the Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day. In 2015, exactly 100 years after the genocide, lots of seminars, workshops, and events were organized in the capital city of Armenia, Yerevan. Presidents, politicians and important people from all around the world were invited, and the Turkish President Recip Tayyip Erdogan as well. Erdogan answered back with an invitation for a celebration of the battle of Gallipoli. For the first time, the celebration of this battle was on the same day as the Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day. This decision might have been a trick to turn international attention away from the Armenian Genocide. Armenian president at that time, Armen Sargystan, said in his answer to Erdogan`s invitation that “it is not our rule to be hosted by guests.”

On this day, there were protests all around the world. For example, in Tehran, around 1,000 people protested in front of the Turkish embassy. Even in Istanbul around 100 people called for the recognition of the Armenian genocide.


On 22 April 1981 American President Ronald Reagan talked about the Armenian Genocide in reference to a speech he made about the Holocaust, saying "Like the genocide of the Armenians before it ... the lessons of the Holocaust must never be forgotten". 

In 2021 President Joe Biden said that the killing of the Armenians in the Ottoman Empire was a genocide. This was the first time when an American president formally and publicly recognised this event as a genocide. This decision made relationships between USA and Turkey more complicated but was important for Armenians living in the United States. 



Paaliaq (moon)

Paaliaq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, Jean-Marc Petit, Hans Scholl, Matthew J. Holman, Brian G. Marsden,
Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns in early October 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 2. It was named in August 2003 after a fictional shaman in the book "The Curse of the Shaman," written by Michael Kusugak, who supplied Kavelaars with the names of giants from Inuit mythology that were used for other Saturnian moons. 

Paaliaq is thought to be about 22 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15,200,000 km in 687 days. It is a member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.

Together with Kiviuq and Siarnaq, Paaliaq has "light-red" colours, further supporting that the Inuit group might have been formed when a bigger body broken up.


Hebrew Bible

The Hebrew Bible, which is also called the Tanakh is the Biblical canon of Hebrew scriptures, including the Torah, Nevi'im and Ketuvim. These texts are almost exclusively in Hebrew, with a few passages in Aramaic.

It means the same as the Jewish Tanakh and the Protestant Old Testament, but does not include the deuterocanonical portions of the Roman Catholic Old Testament and is meant for the text only, not for naming, numbering or ordering of books (what both Tanakh and Old Testament do).

"Hebrew Bible" is a term that refers to the common portions of the Jewish canon and the Christian canons. In its Latin form, "Biblia Hebraica", it is used as a title for printed editions of the masoretic text.

The "Tawrat" () is the Arabic name for the Torah within its context as an Islamic holy book believed by Muslims to be given by God (Allah) to prophets and messengers amongst the Children of Israel, and often refers to the entire Hebrew Bible.

On the one hand, the term "Hebrew Bible" is not often used among adherents of either Judaism or Christianity. On the other hand, it is widely used in academic writing and interfaith discussion.



Skathi (moon)

Skathi or Saturn XXVII, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett Gladman, Kavelaars, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 8.

Skathi is about 6.4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15,576,000 km in 725.784 days, at an inclination of 149° to the ecliptic (150° to Saturn's equator) with an eccentricity of 0.246.

Skathi may have been formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe by big impacts at some point in the solar system's history.

Its name comes from Norse mythology, where Skaði is a giantess (female giant) who is the wife of the Vanir god Njord.

Targum

A targum (, plural: "targumim") is an Aramaic translation of the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) that was written or compiled in Palestine or in Babylonia from the Second Temple period until the early Middle Ages (late first millennium). 

Targum also means translation or interpretation. In Arabic Targem (verb) means to translate or interpret. (Mutargem = Translator/Interpreter).


Adam Gilchrist

Adam Craig Gilchrist (born 14 November 1971 in Bellingen, New South Wales) is a former Australian cricketer. He was a wicket keeper and a left handed batsman. In his test career, Gilchrist hit 100 sixes, something nobody else in history has done. He holds the record of the second fastest century maker in history.

Department store

A department store is a store that sells many different products. It does not sell the products of only one company, as some other stores do. In a department store a person can usually buy clothing, furniture, electronics, and sometimes paint, hardware, toiletries, cosmetics, photographic equipment, jewellery, toys, and Sports equipment. Department stores are often upmarket places. 

Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores. They are then called discount department stores.

The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement

The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement is a 2004 Disney movie based on the Princess Diaries book series by Meg Cabot. It is a sequel to the 2001 movie "The Princess Diaries". The movie is a romantic comedy movie about 21-year-old Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Princess of Genovia, (Mia Thermopolis for short). The movie stars Anne Hathaway, Tobey Maguire, Julie Andrews, Heather Matarazzo, James Franco, Hector Elizondo and Raven. It was directed by Garry Marshall.

Five years after the first film, Mia has just graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and are returning to Genovia with the bodyguard, Joe. There she must wait for her grandmother, Queen Clarisse, to abdicate. During Mia's twenty first birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband. She becomes attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey, who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown. While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia finds a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in. Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can become Queen is if she marries within the month. Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is actually Nicholas. Mia and Peter's best friends, Lilly Moscovitz and Harry, surprise them by visiting. Together, they pick through potential husbands. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby, Duke of Kenilworth, and days later, they are engaged. Mabrey plans to have Nicholas woo Mia and dissolve the engagement.

For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle, but is inexperienced. Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia's horse with a rubber snake, and Joe rushes to help Mia, but accidentally tears off the wooden leg. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her. At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting she doesn't love Andrew. Frustrated, she argues, but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses him back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop.

During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia and Peter see some boys harassing a little girl and a little boy. They stop the parade to comfort the girl and boy. Learning that the girl, Carolina, the boy Henry, and the other children are orphans, Mia and Peter have a vendor give them all tiaras and crowns and let them walk with them in the parade. Everyone is impressed by their acts of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political trick. Mia and Peter later decide to turn one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's center. That night, Mia and Peter have their bachelor and bachelorette party, inviting princes and princesses from around the world, Peter invites some special guests to the party and Mia's wedding. Mabrey realises Nicholas has fallen for Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard.

That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's window and asks her to come out. Lilly, Peter and Harry encourage her to go, and Mia sneaks out. Lilly and Peter have sex while Mia and Nicholas ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance, and eventually fall asleep. They wake up to find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea. By the time Mia returns to the palace, the scandalous footage is already being broadcast. Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them. They realise that they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia and Peter's mother, Helen comes with her new husband, Patrick and their newborn son, Trevor. Nicholas decides against attending, but his surly housekeeper, Gretchen, tells him that Mabrey engineered their televised scandal.

Before the wedding, Joe informs Mia and Peter that Nicholas is innocent. While walking up the aisle Mia suddenly stops and charges out of the church. Queen Clarisse and Peter follow and Mia says she doesn't want to marry because of the law. Clarisse encourages Mia and Peter to follow their hearts, something they have never done and has now cost her Joe, the only man she truly loved. Mia and Peter re-enter the church, and after pointing out how their grandmother has ruled Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant women in their lives. She asks if they would have them do what they're trying to force her to do (marry someone she does not love). Mabrey cites the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named King, but Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but also disowns Mabrey as his uncle. Mia and Peter propose the law on royal marriages be abolished, and the Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Encouraged by Mia and Peter to have their own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are promptly married.

About a week later, Mia and Peter are preparing for their coronation when Nicholas arrives with Peter's girlfriend Mary Jane (M.J. for short) at the palace. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they share a private loving kiss, while Peter and Mary Jane kiss. The next day, Queen Clarisse finally steps down, and Mia and Peter are crowned "Their Majesties Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi and Peter James Themopolis Renaldi, King and Queen of Genovia", with all in attendance in the royal palace.

An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte (Clarisse's lady-in-waiting). In a final scene, Queen Mia and King Peter (along with The Wiggles) officially open a new children's home with the help of Carolina and Henry.


Bughouse chess

Bughouse chess (also known as transfer chess or exchanged chess) is a version of the game chess. It is played by four people in two teams. Each team has two players. Teammates sit next to each other, and use opposite colored pieces. (This means that one player on a team will have white pieces and the other will have black pieces.) The game is played on two chess boards. Two chess clocks can also be used. Two games of chess are played in at the same time. If a player one game captures a piece, following the regular rules of chess, they give that piece to their partner to use in the other game. The partner can put the piece on the board instead of making a normal move. Pawns can not be placed in the first or last row but other pieces can be placed in any empty space. 

If one player wins, that team wins the match.

The game is usually played with a clock, which is often set from as short as one minute (usually when played online) to five minutes or longer. If a player runs out of time, that player's team loses.

There are many variations in how to play bughouse; most of these variations have to do with pawns.

Harry Kewell

Harry Kewell (born 22 September 1978 in Sydney) is a former Australian football player. He has played for the Australia men's national soccer team.

He used to play for Leeds United in the Championship and then Galatasaray in the Süper Lig. His junior club was Marconi Stallions. He played as a midfielder, a striker or a wing.

Harry Kewell started playing for Liverpool in 2003 before that he played for Leeds United. He was offered more money at other clubs such as Arsenal, Chelsea, Milan, Manchester United, Barcelona, Juventus and Real Madrid but eventually he chose to play at Liverpool. And Now Galatasaray

Maiasaura

Maiasaura was a large, plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur. "Maiasaura" was the first dinosaur which was found alongside its young, eggs, and nests. This suggests that "Maiasaura" nurtured its young.

"Maiasaura" lived about 80 to 65 million years ago in the Upper Cretaceous period. It ate plants, leaves and berries. Its name "Maiasaura" means “Good Mother Lizard”. The name refers to the find of nests with eggs, embryos and young animals, in a nesting colony. These showed that Maiasaura fed its young while they were in the nest. It was the first time such evidence was got for a dinosaur. 

Fully grown "Maiasaura" measured about 9 metres long, 2-2.5 metres tall and weighed around 1800 kg.

"Maiasaursa" fossils have been found in Montana, United States, and Alberta, Canada.

Bait

Bait is something used to attract prey. People have used it for thousands of years. Fishermen use bait to catch fish. There are many different types of bait depending on the kind of animal. Frequently the bait is cast using a fishing rod and reel. For a shark, adult squid is often used. When trying to get a salmon, crab is commonly used. Some fishermen use plastic bait. Recently, fishermen have been using electronic lures. Bait can be used to catch most animals. 

Dennis Kucinich

Dennis John Kucinich (born October 8, 1946) is a United States Representative from Ohio. He was a hopeful for President of the United States in 2008. He is a Democrat. Kucinich was raised in Cleveland, and was elected Mayor of the city in 1977. His tenure as mayor was a hard one, and he lost reelection to Republican challenger George Voinovich in 1979. Kucinich got back into politics in the 1990s, and became a member of the United States House of Representatives in the 1994 elections. A political progressive, he ran for president twice in 2004 and 2008.

In December 2020, Kucinich filled paperwork to run for Mayor of Cleveland in the 2021 election.

Tusk

Tusks are very long teeth that some animals have. Tusks are made of ivory. Ivory is very rare and expensive. Many elephants are killed for their tusks. One third of a tusk is in the elephant’s head.


Bill Richardson

William Blaine "Bill" Richardson III (November 15, 1947 – September 1, 2023) was an American politician. He was the Governor of the United States state of New Mexico from 2003 until 2011. He was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. He was U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations and Energy Secretary in the Clinton administration. He was a Democrat.

Richardson died at his summer home in Chatham, Massachusetts, on September 1, 2023, at the age of 75.

Mike Huckabee

Michael Dale "Mike" Huckabee (born August 24, 1955) is a former governor of the U.S. state of Arkansas. He was governor from 1996 to 2007. He is a Republican. He is also a Southern Baptist minister. He wanted to be President of the United States in the 2008 election, but did not get picked by his party.

Huckabee was born in Hope, Arkansas. His parents were Mae Elder and Dorsey Huckabee. Several of his ancestors were slave owners in Georgia and Arkansas. He studied at Ouachita Baptist University and at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary.

In 1996, incumbent Democratic governor Jim Guy Tucker was convicted of fraud. Within a few hours, Tucker reinstated his resignation after Huckabee threatened to initiate impeachment proceedings against Tucker. Huckabee was sworn in as Governor of Arkansas on July 15, 1996.

In November 1998, Huckabee was elected to a full four-year term by defeating retired Colonel Gene McVay in the primary and Jonesboro attorney Bill Bristow in the general election, becoming the state's third elected Republican Governor since Reconstruction.

In November 2002, Huckabee was reelected to his second four-year term by defeating State Treasurer Jimmie Lou Fisher, garnering 53 percent of the vote. His reelection came despite the defeat in the general election of fellow Republican U.S. Senator Tim Hutchinson. By the end of his term, Huckabee held the third-longest tenure of any Arkansas Governor. Only Democrats Orval Faubus, who served six consecutive two-year terms (1955–1967), and Bill Clinton, who served 11 years, 11 months (1979–1981; 1983–1992), had longer tenures.

During his time as a governor Huckabee raised taxes 21 times for a net tax increase of $505 million.

Huckabee announced his run for the White House on "Meet the Press" on January 28, 2007. He lost the Republican primaries to John McCain.

On May 5, 2015, Huckabee announced that he would seek the 2016 Republican nomination for President of the United States. It was his second run for the U.S. presidency. Huckabee made the announcement in his hometown, Hope, Arkansas. He suspended his campaign on February 1, 2016.

After 2008, he began hosting a news talk show on the Fox News television channel. The show, called "Huckabee", ran until 2015 when Huckabee retired. He has also written several books, many of which have been best sellers.

In his spare time, Huckabee plays guitar in a band. On his television show he has played guitar with a number of famous artists, including Willie Nelson, Def Leppard, and Ted Nugent.

Huckabee married Janet Huckabee in 1974. They have four children - John, Mark, David, and Sarah. Sarah was the White House Press Secretary under the Donald Trump administration.


Rudy Giuliani

Rudolph William Louis "Rudy" Giuliani (born May 28, 1944) is a politician from New York in the United States. He is a Republican and campaigned to become President of the United States in 2008. Giuliani was mayor of New York City from January 1, 1994 to December 31, 2001. Giuliani became more well known during and after the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center. In 2001, "Time" magazine named him "Person of the Year" and he received an honorary knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II in 2002, and acclaimed as one of the greatest mayors in American history.

Rudy was campaigning in 1993 with the show "Seinfeld" where he appeared as the NYC Mayor candidate as the "over count" cholesterol man by eating too much yogurt. This "product placement" of Mayor Giuliani is often referred to as an excellent example of electioneering and boosted his popularity accordingly.

On January 12, 2017, President-elect Donald Trump named Giuliani his Cyber Security Adviser. Giuliani was also an important person in the Trump–Ukraine scandal, where he was accused of being one of the people who asked the Ukrainian government to investigate Joe Biden.


Albiorix (moon)

Albiorix is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Holman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 11.

Albiorix is the biggest member of the Gallic group of non-spherical moons.

It was named in August 2003 from one of the Celtic names for the god of tribal unity, better known as Toutatis.

Albiorix orbits Saturn at a distance of about 16,000,000 km and its diameter is estimated at 32 kilometers, assuming an albedo of 0.04. A day on Albiorix is 13 hours and 19 minutes long. 

The diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other prograde non-spherical moons of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre. 

Different colours seen recently suggest a possibility of a big crater, suggesting that Erriapo and Tarvos could be pieces of Albiorix following a near break-up collision with another body.


S/2007 S 2

S/2007 S 2 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 1, 2007, from observations taken between January 18 and April 19, 2007. Telescope used is the Subaru 8.3-m optical infrared telescope at Mauna Kea.

S/2007 S2 is theorized to have a mean radius of 1.9 miles, assuming an albedo of 0.04. It is 6 kilometres in diameter and orbits Saturn at an eccentricity of about 0.218 and an inclination of about 176.68° at a mean distance of 10.4 million miles (average distance of 16,560,00 million kilometres) from Saturn. The satellite was first thought to be orbiting for about 793 Earth days from its first discovery. The satellite takes about 808 Earth days to complete one orbit.

Like Saturn's other irregular moons, S/2007 S2 is thought to be an object that was captured by Saturn's gravity, rather than having accreted from the dusty disk that surrounded the newly formed planet as the regular satellites are thought to have done.


Bebhionn (moon)

Bebhionn or Saturn XXXVII (provisional designation S/2004 S 11) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

Bebhionn is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 16,898,000 km in 820.130 days, at an inclination of 41° to the ecliptic (18° to Saturn's equator), and with an eccentricity of 0.333.

It was named in April 2007 after Bébinn, an early Irish mythology goddess of birth, renowned for her beauty.


Erriapus (moon)

Erriapus or Saturn XXVIII, is non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 10. It was named in August 2003 after Erriapo, a giant in Gaulish mythology. Later, the spelling was corrected to "Erriapus".

Erriapus is about 10 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,300,000 km in 871 days.

Erriapus is a member of the Gallic group of non-spherical, sharing a similar orbit and displaying a similar "light-red" colour, Erriapus is thought to have been formed in a break-up of a bigger body.


Skoll (moon)

Skoll or Saturn XLVII (provisional designation S/2006 S 8) is non-spherical moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt and Jan Kleyna on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and April 30, 2006.

Skoll is about 6 kilometres in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04), and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,600,000 km in 869 days, following a highly eccentric and inclined orbit.

It was named in April 2007 after Sköll, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, son of Fenrisulfr and twin brother of Hati.


Siarnaq (moon)

Siarnaq or Saturn XXIX, is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000 and given the designation S/2000 S 3.

It was named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq (also known as Sedna) in Inuit mythology, it is the biggest member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.
Siarnaq is thought to be about 40 kilometres in diameter and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,500,000 km in 895 days.

The diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other prograde non-spherical moons of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.

Siarnaq has light-red colours very similar to Paaliaq and Kiviuq, supporting that the moons formed during a break up of a bigger body.


Tarqeq (moon)

Tarqeq or Saturn LII (provisional designation S/2007 S 1) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on April 13, 2007, from observations taken between January 5, 2006 and March 22, 2007.

The semi-major axis of Tarqeq is 17,910,000 km and it orbits Saturn in 894.86 days. The orbit is at an inclination of 49.90° (to the ecliptic; 49.77°to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1081. The diameter of the moon is 7 km. It is a member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.

Tarqeq is named after Tarqeq, the Inuit moon god.

Brunswick, Georgia

Brunswick is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia and the county seat of Glynn County. In 2020, the city had an population of 15,210 and a metropolitan population of 113,495. Brunswick is the principal city of the "Brunswick, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area", which is often called "Metropolitan Brunswick".


Cocoa Beach, Florida

Cocoa Beach is a city in Brevard County, Florida, United States. The population was 11,354 at the 2020 census.


Santee River

The Santee River is a river of South Carolina in the United States, 143 mi (230 km long). The Santee and its tributaries give the main drainage and navigation for the central coastal plain of South Carolina, emptying into the Atlantic Ocean about 440 mi (710 km) from its farthest headwater on the Catawba River in North Carolina. Much of the upper river is in the expansive horn-shaped Lake Marion reservoir. The reservoir is made by the 8 mi (13 km) long Santee Dam. The dam was built during the 1930s as a WPA project to give a major source of hydroelectric power for the state.


Federal Emergency Management Agency

The Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security. The purpose of FEMA (begun by Presidential Order on March 30, 1979)

is to coordinate the response to a disaster which has occurred in the United States and which overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities. The governor of the state in which the disaster occurred must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the President that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster. The only exception is when an emergency or disaster occurs on federal property or to a federal asset, for example, the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, in the 1995 bombing, or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return-flight disaster.


Tropical Depression Ten (2005)

Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. The depression formed on August 13 from a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8. Because of strong wind shear, the depression stayed weak and did not strengthen much. The cyclone itself had no effect on land and did not cause any damage. It mostly died out on August 14, but its remains later helped to form another storm, Hurricane Katrina. Katrina became one of the worst hurricanes in the history of the United States. In general, Tropical Depression is a tropical cyclone that has maximum sustained surface winds of 38 mph or less. 

The tropical depression began as a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8, 2005. The wave moved west and began to become stronger on August 11. The system formed into Tropical Depression Ten at 12:00 UTC on August 13. It was about to the east of Barbados. When the storm was first called a tropical depression, it had a large area of thunderstorms, with curved rainbands.

The depression slowly moved west, but wind shear stopped the storm from becoming much stronger. Late on August 13, a weather forecaster said that it was "beginning to look like Irene-junior". They said this because it was mid-level shear happening in the storm towards the southwest "beneath the otherwise favorable upper-level outflow pattern". This means that the storm looked similar to Hurricane Irene.

Early on August 14, the wind shear tore apart the storm. The center of the storm separated from the thunderstorm areas. Later that day, the cyclone became even weaker. The National Hurricane Center gave their final warning on Tropical Depression Ten, and the storm mostly disappeared. However, its remains produced a few bursts of thunderstorm activity for several days, before completely stopping on August 18.

Energy left over from Tropical Depression Ten helped to form Tropical Depression Twelve over the southeastern Bahamas on August 23. Normally, if a depression disappears and forms again, it keeps the same number. However, the formation of Tropical Depression Twelve involved other weather systems, including another tropical wave. Tropical Depression Twelve later became Hurricane Katrina. 

Tropical Depression Ten did not hit land. So, no tropical cyclone watches and warnings were given out. It did not damage anything or cause any people's deaths, and no ships reported strong winds. Also, the depression never became a tropical storm, so the National Hurricane Center did not give it a name. 

After the depression mostly died, part of its remains became part of Tropical Depression Twelve, which later intensified into Hurricane Katrina. Katrina later became a Category 5 hurricane and reached land in Louisiana. Katrina caused much damage and became one of the worst hurricanes in the history of the United States.



Utahraptor

Utahraptor was a large mid-Cretaceous dromaeosaurid predator with 9-15 inch (23-38 cm) middle-toe claws. 

It was a fast-moving, agile, bipedal (walked on two legs), bird-like dinosaur. It had a curved, flexible neck and a big head. Sharp, serrated teeth were set into very powerful jaws. Each of its three fingers on each arm had large, sharp, curved claw.

It had four-toed feet; the second toe had a 9-15 inch (23-38 cm) sickle-like claw and the other toes had smaller claws. Its long tail had bony rods running along the spine giving it rigidity; the tail was used for balance and fast turning ability. 

It had a relatively large brain and large, keen, eyes. Utahraptor was 16-23 feet (5-7 m) long and may have weighed about .5 ton.

Albertosaurus

Albertosaurus was a relative of "Tyrannosaurus". It was smaller than "T. rex" and lived a few million years earlier. "Albertosaurus" walked on two legs and had a large head with sharp, saw-toothed teeth. It had two-fingered hands on short arms. Its long tail provided balance and quick turning. It had powerful back legs with clawed, three-toed feet.

"Albertosaurus" was about 30 feet (9 m) long, about 11 feet (3.4 m) tall at the hips, and up to 3 tons in weight (averaging roughly 2500 kg). Its lower jaw had 14 to 16 teeth; the upper jaw had 17-19 teeth. It had one row of teeth in each jaw and had at least one replacement tooth growing up under each working tooth.

"Albertosaurus" was more lightly built than "Tyrannosaurus". Most "Albertosaurus" specimens were found in a single place. 

Compared with the robust tyrannosaurines (such as "Tarbosaurus" and "Tyrannosaurus"), albertosaurines had slender builds, with proportionately smaller skulls and longer bones of the lower leg (tibia) and feet (metatarsals and phalanges). That suggests they were taking smaller or younger prey than "Tyrannosaurus", and were able to run faster to do so.

Michael Clarke

Michael John Clarke (born 2 April, 1981 in Liverpool, Sydney, New South Wales) is the former captain of the Australian cricket team. He is nicknamed 'Pup' or 'Clarkey', he is a right-handed batsman, highly-regarded fielder and occasional left-arm orthodox spin bowler. He captained the Australian team to a 5-0 whitewash in the 2013 Ashes series.

S/2004 S 13

S/2004 S 13 is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

S/2004 S 13 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,056,000 km in 905.848 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (143° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.261.


Greip (moon)

Greip or Saturn LI (provisional designation S/2006 S 4) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and May 1, 2006.

Greip is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,066,000 km in 906.556 days, at an inclination of 172.7° to the ecliptic (159.2° to Saturn's equator), and with an eccentricity of 0.3735.

It is named after Greip, a giantess (female giant) in Norse mythology.


Hyrrokkin (moon)

Hyrrokkin or Saturn XLIV (provisional designation S/2004 S 19) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and April 30, 2006.

Hyrrokkin is about 8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,168,300 km in 914.292 days, at an inclination of 153.3° to the ecliptic (154.3° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3604.

It was named in April 2007 after Hyrrokkin, a giantess (female giant) from Norse mythology, who launched Hringhorni, Baldr's funeral ship. It was originally listed as being spelled "Hyrokkin", but the spelling was later corrected.


Jarnsaxa (moon)

Jarnsaxa or Saturn L (provisional designation S/2006 S 6) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from images taken between January 5 and April 29, 2006.

Jarnsaxa is about in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of in 943.784 days, at an inclination of 162.9° to the ecliptic (164.1° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1918. It is a member of the Norse group of non-spherical moons.

It is named after Járnsaxa, a giantess (female giant) in Norse mythology.


Tarvos (moon)

Tarvos or Saturn XXI is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by John J. Kavelaars, et al. on September 23, 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 4. The name, given in August 2003, is after Tarvos from Gaulish mythology.

Tarvos orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18 million km in 926 days and is about 15 km in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04).

It is a member of the Gallic group of non-spherical moons.

Sharing similar orbit and displaying similar "light-red" colour, Tarvos is thought to have been formed in a break-up of a bigger body or to be a piece of Albiorix. 


1450

1450 was a common year in the 15th century.



Product (business)

A product is something that is made (produced) and often something that is sold.

In economics, things that one person has and another person wants are called goods. If the thing was made by people, then it is called a product. If it is something that was found in nature, it is called a natural resource.

In marketing, it is an object made for people's use and it satisfies the need of a customer. 

In retail, products are often connected with "merchandise", and in manufacturing, products are some materials to create final goods. 

Products are often connected with services but they are described and used in different ways. 

Products are classified: 

The system of dividing products on departments. For example, retailer Sears, Roebuck and Company created several groups of his products. It helps customers to choose the product by its function. 

A product line is "a group of products that are closely related". There are many product lines for various types of using. For example, within the insurance industry, product lines are divided by the type of risk coverage, such as auto insurance, commercial insurance and life insurance.

There are also national and international classifications. They can be used by different organizations. For example, the European Union uses a "Classification of Products by Activity". The United Nations classifies products for making reports of international economic activity. 


Yippee

Yippee is a 2006 documentary movie created by Jewish-American director Paul Mazursky. The movie follows a Jewish pilgrimage to the town of Uman in the Ukraine on Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. The city is the burial site of the founder of Bratslav Hasidism, Rabbi Nachman.


Vung Tau

Vung Tau (Vietnamese: "Vũng Tàu") is a city in Ba Ria-Vung Tau Province, Vietnam. This city has a population of 240,000 and an area of 154.0 km2. This is a petroleum and tourism centre of Vietnam. 

Vung Tau is located about 120 km northeast of Ho Chi Minh City. Vung Tau town was founded by French colonists under the administration of Paul Doumer, then the Governor General of French Indochina. This city borders Vietnam Sea and has several beautiful beaches.

Medium access control

A Media Access Control address (often shortened to MAC address) is a 48-bit code which allows a computer to be part of a computer network. Usually, a computer has only one MAC address. Each computer has a MAC address which identifies it uniquely on the network. No other device on the Internet will have the same MAC address. A MAC address contains two pairs of 24-bit hexadecimals: the first pair is the international standard identifier of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the last pair is the serial number for the network interface card to uniquely identify the card.

Arabic Wikipedia

The Arabic Wikipedia () is the Arabic language version of Wikipedia. It started in September 2001.

It was the 23rd largest edition of Wikipedia by article count, but grew to 17th largest edition.

, it has over 1,100,000 articles, over 7,700,000 pages, over 2,260,000 registered users and over 49,000 files.

French Wikipedia

The French Wikipedia, the free Wikipedia ( or ) is the French language edition of Wikipedia, spelled "Wikipédia". It started in March 2001. It is the largest Wikipedia in a Romance language. It was the third largest Wikipedia after the English language and German language editions, but dropped to sixth.

As of 2024, it has about articles.

German Wikipedia

The German Wikipedia () is the German language edition of Wikipedia. Founded 16 March 2001, it is the second-oldest and the first non-English-language Wikipedia.

By count of articles, it is the third largest Wikipedia, after the English Wikipedia and the Swedish Wikipedia. As of 2024, it has about articles.

Mundilfari (moon)

Mundilfari or Saturn XXV, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 9.

Mundilfari is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,360,000 km in 928.806 days, at an inclination of 170° to the ecliptic (150° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.198.

Mundilfari may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe by big impacts at some point in the solar system's history.

It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology, where Mundilfari is a Jotun or giant who is the father of the goddess Sol and the god Mani.


S/2006 S 1

S/2006 S 1 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 4 and April 30, 2006.

S/2006 S 1 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,930,200 km in 972.407 days, at an inclination of 154.2° to the ecliptic (175.4° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1303.


S/2004 S 17

S/2004 S 17 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 13, 2004, and March 5, 2005.

S/2004 S 17 is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,099,000 km in 985.453 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (162° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.226.


Bergelmir (moon)

Bergelmir or Saturn XXXVIII (provisional designation S/2004 S 15) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

Bergelmir is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,372,000 km in 1006.659 days, at an inclination of 157° to the ecliptic (134° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.152.

It was named in April 2007 after Bergelmir, a giant from Norse mythology and the grandson of Ymir, the primordial giant. Bergelmir and his wife alone among their kind were the only survivors of the enormous deluge of blood from Ymir's wounds when he was killed by Odin and his brothers at the dawn of time. Bergelmir then became the progenitor of a new race of giants.


Narvi (moon)

Narvi ( ) or Saturn XXXI is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and given the designation S/2003 S 1.

Narvi is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,371,000 km in 1006.541 days, at an inclination of 137° to the ecliptic (109° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.320.

It was named in January 2005 after Narvi from Norse mythology, also known as Narfi or Nari, a son of Loki by Sigyn who was killed to punish Loki for his crimes. The gods turned his brother Váli into a slavering wolf who tore his throat out. His entrails were used to bind Loki to a stone slab for all eternity, or at least until Ragnarok. The name was approved by the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature on January 21, 2005.


Suttungr (moon)

Suttungr or Saturn XXIII, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 12.

Suttungr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,667,000 km in 1029.703 days, at an inclination of 174° to the ecliptic (151° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.131.

Suttungr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past.

It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology, where Suttung is a Jotun or giant who once owned the mead of poetry.

The name was said as Suttung in IAU Circular 8177. However, the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending "-r" to the base form "Suttung". 


Hati (moon)

Hati or Saturn XLIII (provisional designation S/2004 S 14) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.

Hati is about 6 kilometers in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,303,000 km in 1080.099 days, at an inclination of 163° to the ecliptic (165° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.291.

It was named in April 2007 after Hati, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, son of Fenrisulfr and twin brother of Skoll.


S/2004 S 12

S/2004 S 12 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

S/2004 S 12 is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,906,000 km in 1048.541 days, at an inclination of 164° to the ecliptic (162° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.396.


Farbauti (moon)

Farbauti or Saturn XL (also called S/2004 S 9) is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, and Jan Kleyna on December 12, 2004. Farbauti was found using the Mauna Kea Observatory and is the 40th moon from Saturns surface. The public did not know about Farbauti until May 4, 2005.

Farbauti is 5 kilometres wide, and 20,291,000 kilometres from Saturns surface. Farbauti travels around Saturn (orbit) once every 1079 days.

The moon was named in April 2007 after the "storm giant" Fárbauti, father of Loki in Norse mythology.


Thrymr (moon)

Thrymr or Saturn XXX, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 7.

Thrymr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,810,000 km in 1120.809 days, at an inclination of 175° to the ecliptic (151° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.453.

Thrymr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past.

Its name comes from Norse mythology, where Thrymr is a Jotun or frost giant.

The name was said as Thrym in IAU Circular 8177. However, the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending "-r" to the root "Thrym". 


Aegir (moon)

Aegir or Saturn XXXVI (provisional designation S/2004 S 10) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.

Aegir is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,618,000 km in 1025.908 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (140° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.237.

It was named in April 2007 after Ægir, a giant from Norse mythology, the personification of tranquil seas, the one who soothes storms away. He is a son of Fornjót, and brother of Logi (fire, flame) and Kári (wind).


S/2007 S 3

S/2007 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 1, 2007, from observations taken between January 18 and April 19, 2007.

S/2007 S 3 is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,518,500 kilometres in about 1100 days, at an inclination of 177.22° to the ecliptic, with an eccentricity of 0.130.


Porrentruy District

The District of Porrentruy is one of the districts of the canton of Jura, Switzerland. The capital city is Porrentruy. The French-speaking district has a population of 24,012 (end of 2005).

Porrentruy is divided into 36 municipalities:

Franches-Montagnes District

The District of Franches-Montagnes is a district of the canton of Jura, Switzerland. The capital city is Saignelégier. The French-speaking district has a population of 9,865 (end of 2005).

Franches-Montagnes contains 19 municipalities:

Bestla (moon)

Bestla or Saturn XXXIX (provisional designation S/2004 S 18) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 13, 2004, and March 5, 2005.

Bestla is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,959,000 km in 1052.722 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (151° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.772. This moon has the most eccentric orbit of any moon in the solar system.

It was named in April 2007 after Bestla, a frost giantess (female giant) from Norse mythology, mother of Odin.


S/2004 S 7

S/2004 S 7 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 8, 2005.

S/2004 S 7 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,577,000 km in 1101.989 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (166° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.554.


Beckenried

Beckenried is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Beckenried are: the church "St. Heinrich" and its cemetery chapel, the "Ridli" chapel, the chapel "St. Anna", the "Klewen" chapel, fun fair ("Älplerkilbi"), and the St. Nikolas market.


Buochs

Buochs is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Buochs are the church "St. Martin", the "Loreto" chapel in "Ennerberg", a monument of Johann Melchior Wyrsch, and the quay.


S/2006 S 3

S/2006 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.

S/2006 S 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 21,076,300 km in 1142.366 days, at an inclination of 150.8° to the ecliptic (128.8° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.4710.


Bern (disambiguation)

Bern can mean:

Fenrir (moon)

Fenrir or Saturn XLI (provisional designation S/2004 S 16) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 13, 2004, and March 5, 2005.

Fenrir is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,611,000 km in 1269.362 days, at an inclination of 163° to the ecliptic (143° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.131.

It was named in April 2007 after Fenrisulfr, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, father of Hati and Skoll, son of Loki, destined to break its bonds for Ragnarök.


Surtur (moon)

Surtur or Saturn XLVIII (also known as S/2006 S 7) is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006.

Surtur is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,243,600 km in 1238.575 days, at an inclination of 166.9° to the ecliptic (148.9° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3680.

It was named in April 2007, after Surtr, leader of the fire giants of Norse mythology.


Kari (moon)

Kari or Saturn XLV (provisional designation S/2006 S 2) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.

Kari is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,305,100 km in 1243.71 days, at an inclination of 148.4° to the ecliptic (151.5° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3405.

It was named in April 2007 after Kári, son of Fornjót, the personification of wind in Norse mythology.


Ymir (moon)

Ymir ( ), or Saturn XIX is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 1. It was named in August 2003, from Norse mythology, where Ymir is the ancestor of all the Jotuns or frost giants.

Ymir is about 16 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,175,000 km in 1317.137 days, at an inclination of 172° to the ecliptic (146° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.358.



Loge (moon)

Loge or Saturn XLVI (provisional designation S/2006 S 5) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.

Loge is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,142,000 km in 1314.364 days, at an inclination of 166.5° to the ecliptic (165.3° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1390.

It was named in April 2007, after Loge (also spelled Logi), a fire giant from Norse mythology, son of Fornjót, sometimes confused with the god Loki.


Fornjot (moon)

Fornjot or Saturn XLII (provisional designation S/2004 S 8) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.

It is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 24,505,000 km in 1432 days at an inclination of 168° to the ecliptic (152° to Saturn's equator) with an eccentricity of 0.186. It is the farthest moon from Saturn.

It was named in April 2007, after Fornjót, a storm giant from Norse mythology, father of Ægir, Kári, and Loge.


Cordelia (moon)

Cordelia is the closest moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on January 20, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986 U 7. It was not seen again until the Hubble Space Telescope observed it in 1997. Cordelia takes its name from the youngest daughter of Lear in William Shakespeare's "King Lear." It is also designated Uranus VI. This moon is wide and is the same size of Mars' smallest moon called Deimos.


Leberkäse

The word ""Leberkäse"" literally translates to ""liver-cheese"". In Bavaria there is neither cheese nor liver in the dish, though. Some linguists say, that the word may be related to the German word "Laib" (loaf). Perhaps it also contains the Slavic root "quas" (yeast).

According to German food laws, only products called "Bavarian Leberkäse" are allowed not to have liver in them; otherwise, there must be a minimum liver content of 4%. Some local variants must contain even more liver; for example, the liver content of "Stuttgarter Leberkäse" must be at least 5%.

There are several ways of eating Leberkäse:



Albula District

Albula is one of the districts in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It has an area of 723.13 km² and a population of 8,720 people (as of December 2004). 

Albula contains 4 "Kreise" (sub-districts) Alvaschein, Belfort, Bergün and Surses, which contains 23 municipalities:

Bernina District

Bernina is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 237.2 km² and a population of 4,687 people (as of December 2004).

Bernina consists of two "Kreise" (sub-districts) Brusio and Poschiavo, each of which contains a single municipality of the same name.

Ophelia (moon)

Ophelia is a closer moon of Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on January 20, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986 U 8. It was not seen until the Hubble Space Telescope saw it in 2003.

Ophelia was named after the daughter of Polonius, Ophelia, in William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet". It is also designated Uranus VII.

Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 23 km and geometric albedo of 0.08, almost nothing is known about it. At the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as a streched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.


Hinterrhein District

Hinterrhein is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 617.67 km² and a population of 12,508 people (as of December 2004). 

Hinterrhein consists of five "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 39 municipalities.

On 1 January 2006, Medels im Rheinwald became part of Splügen.

On 1 January 2003, the municipalities of Donath and Patzen-Fardün became part of Donat.

Imboden District

Imboden is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 203.78 km² and a population of 17,528 people. (as of December 2004). 

It contains 2 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and seven municipalities:

Inn District, Switzerland

Inn is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 1,196.77 km² and a population of 9,371 people (as of December 2004). 

It contains 4 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 18 municipalities:

Landquart District

Landquart is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 193.91 km² and a population of 22,450 people as of December 2004.

It contains 2 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 11 municipalities

Maloja District

Maloja () is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of and a population of 17,810 people (as of December 2004). Most of the population of Maloja speaks Italian.

It contains 2 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 16 municipalities:

Moesa District

Moesa is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 496.11 km² and a population of 7,640 people (as of December 2004). 

It contains 3 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 17 municipalities:

Plessur District

Plessur is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 266.73 km² and a population of 38,899 people (as of December 2004). The district is named after the river Plessur which crosses it. 

Plessur contains 3 "Kreise" (sub-districts) Chur, Churwalden and Schanfigg, which makes a total of 16 municipalities:

Davos (district)

Davos is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 823.95 km² and a population of 25,728 people (as of December 2004). 

It contains 7 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 16 municipalities:

The sub-districts Davos, Jenaz, Klosters, Küblis and Luzein belonged until 1986 to the defunct district "Oberlandquart"; the sub-districts Schiers and Seewis to the defunct district "Unterlandquart".

Adrastea (moon)

Adrastea or ', is the second closest moon to Jupiter. It was found by David C. Jewitt and G. Edward Danielson in "Voyager 2" probe photographs taken in 1979 and received the designation '. In 1983, it was named after the mythological Adrastea, who was a daughter of Jupiter and Ananke.

Adrastea was the first moon to be found from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft, rather than through telescopic photography.

Adrastea is non-spherical and measures 20x16x14 km³ across. What Adrastea is made of and the mass of Adrastea are not known, but assuming that its mean density is like that of Amalthea (~0.86 g/cm³) its mass can be estimated at ~2×10 kg. Amalthea's density implies that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10-15%, and Adrastea may be similar.

No surface details of Adrastea are known, due to the low resolution of available images.
Adrastea is the smallest and second closest member of the closer moons to Jupiter. It orbits Jupiter at ~129,000 km (1.806 Jupiter radii) within the planet's Main Ring. The orbital eccentricity of ~0.0015 and inclination of ~ 0.03° relative to the equator of Jupiter are very small.

Adrastea was found in "Voyager 1 and 2" images, but appeared only as a dot. The "Galileo" spacecraft was able to see its shape, but the images remain poor.


Surselva (district)

Surselva is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 1,373.39 km² and a population of 22,381 people (as of December 2004).

It contains 5 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 43 municipalities:

Almens

Almens was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged into the new municipality of Domleschg.
German is the most common language in Almens.


Bernese Jura

Bernese Jura (German:"Berner Jura", French: "Jura Bernois") is a part of the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is the French speaking part of the canton. It was made after the canton of Jura split from the canton of Bern. The Bernese Jura is made of three districts, Courtelary, La Neuveville and Moutier. The people living there are mainly protestants, they chose to stay with the canton of Bern in 1979.

Alvaneu

Alvaneu is a former municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It consists of Alvaneu-Dorf and Alvaneu-Bad. The area is 35.68 km² and the population is 421 people.

On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Alvaneu, Alvaschein, Brienz/Brinzauls, Mon, Stierva, Surava and Tiefencastel merged into the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.

This table shows the languages of Alvaneu:


Birgisch

Birgisch was a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Birgisch and Mund merged into the municipality of Naters.

Amalthea (moon)

Amalthea is the third closest moon to Jupiter. It was found on September 9, 1892, by Edward Emerson Barnard and named after Amalthea, a nymph in Greek mythology. It is also known as .

On Amalthea, Jupiter would be an amazing sight in its sky, looking 92 times bigger than the Full Moon. Amalthea is the biggest of the closer moons of Jupiter. Non-spherical and reddish in colour, it is thought to have of water ice with unknown amounts of other materials. Its surface has big craters and high mountains.

Pictures of Amalthea were taken in 1979 and 1980 by the "Voyager 1 and 2" spacecraft, and later, in more detail, by the "Galileo" orbiter in the 1990s.

Amalthea was found on September 9, 1892 by Edward Emerson Barnard using the 36 inch (91 cm) telescope at Lick Observatory. It was the first new moon of Jupiter since Galileo Galilei's discovery of the Galilean moons in 1610.

The moon is named after the nymph Amalthea from Greek mythology who nursed the infant Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter) with goat's milk. Its Roman numeral designation is . The name "Amalthea" was not adopted by the IAU until 1975, although it had been in use for many decades. The name was suggested by Camille Flammarion. Before 1975, Amalthea was most commonly known simply as . The adjectival form of the name is "Amalthean".

Amalthea circles Jupiter at a distance of 181,000 km (2.54 Jupiter radii). The orbit of Amalthea has an eccentricity of 0.003 and an inclination of 0.37° relative to the equator of Jupiter.

The surface of Amalthea is very red The reddish color may be due to sulfur coming from Io or some other non ice material. Bright patches of green appear on the major slopes of Amalthea, but the nature of this color is currently unknown. The surface of Amalthea is a bit brighter than surfaces of other closer moons of Jupiter.

From Jupiter's surface —or rather, from just above its cloudtops— Amalthea would appear very bright, shining with a magnitude of −4.7, similar to that of Venus from Earth.

From the surface of Amalthea, Jupiter would look enormous: it would look 92 times bigger than the Full Moon.

In 1979-1980, the "Voyager 1 and 2" spacecraft made the first images of Amalthea, which resolved its surface. They also measured the moon's surface temperature. Later, the "Galileo" orbiter completed taking pictures of Amalthea's surface and a close flyby enabled it to constrain the moon's internal structure and composition.


Eggerberg

Eggerberg is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Mund

Mund was a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Mund and Birgisch merged into the municipality of Naters.

Dallenwil

Dallenwil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Dallenwil are the ski and summer resort "Wiesenberg/Wirzweli", the church "St. Laurentius", and the pilgrimage chapel "Wiesenberg".


Emmetten

Emmetten is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Emmetten are the "St. Anna" chapel in Schöneck, the church "St. Jakob und St. Theresia", the chapel of the holy cross with frescos of "danse macabre" in "Sagendorf", and the chapel in "Erlen".


Ennetbürgen

Ennetbürgen is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Ennetbürgen are the Saint Jost Chapel and the Church of Saint Anton.


Ennetmoos

Ennetmoos is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Ennetmoos are the chapels of Saint Jakob, Saint Leonhard (in Rohren), and Saint Magnus (in Allweg), a monument (Überfalldenkmal) in Allweg, ruins at Rotzberg, the Stanserhorn mountain and resort, and the pilgrimage route St. Jakobsweg.


Carpo (moon)

Carpo or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and was designated as ' until it got its name in early 2005.

Carpo is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 17,145,000 km in 458.625 days, at an inclination of 56° to the ecliptic (55° to Jupiter's equator), and with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2736.
It was named in March 2005 after Carpo, one of the Horae, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Sari, Iran

Sari () is the capital city of the Mazandaran province in Iran.

Rasht

Rasht is the capital city of the Gilan province of Iran.

Mazandaran province

Mazandaran () is a province in the north of Iran. It south of the Caspian Sea. It has borders with Golestan, Semnan, Tehran, Qazvin and Gilan provinces.

Kallichore (moon)

Kallichore or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2003. It got the designation '.

Kallichore is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,112,000 km in 717.806 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2042.

It was named in March 2005 after the nymph Kallichore.

Kallichore belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Eurydome (moon)

Eurydome or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Eurydome is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,231,000 km in 723.359 days, at an inclination of 149° to the ecliptic (147° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3770.

It was named in August 2003 after Eurydome in Greek mythology, who is sometimes described as the mother of the Graces by Zeus (Jupiter).

Eurydome belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Sari (clothing)

A Sari (also known as a Saree or a Shari) is a type of clothing for women worn throughout South Asia. It is used as a daily clothing by many ethnic groups of Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Nepal. The history of Sari-like drapery can be traced back to the Indus Valley civilization, which existed during 2800–1800 BCE mainly in modern-day Pakistan. It is a very long strip of cloth which is wraped around the body.

There are different kinds of saris for different occasions. The first mention of saris (alternately spelled sarees) is in the Rig Veda, a Hindu book of hymns dating to 3,000 B.C.; draped garments show up on sculptures from the first through sixth centuries, too.

West Berlin

West Berlin was the name of the western part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990. It was the American, British, and French occupied sectors that were created in 1945.

In many ways it was integrated (joined) with West Germany, but it was not a part of West Germany or East Germany. The Soviet sector became East Berlin, which East Germany claimed as its capital. The Western Allies never recognized this claim. They said that the whole city was still under four-power occupation. The building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 surrounded West Berlin.

West Berlin was called "Berlin (West)" by the West Germany government, and usually by the East German government. The east German spelling suggested that West Berlin was not really part of "Berlin" as a whole, but a separate place. East Berlin was officially called "Berlin, Hauptstadt der DDR" ("Berlin, Capital of the GDR"), or simply "Berlin," by East Germany.

The Potsdam Agreement of the four wartime allies decided on dividing up Germany. At first it was only a temporary measure, until a permanent way to reunite a peaceful Germany and Berlin could be worked out.

When the cold war began, the joint administration of Germany and Berlin broke down. Soon Soviet-occupied Berlin and western-occupied Berlin were managed by separate governments.

In 1948, the Soviets tried to force the western allies out of Berlin by a blockade of the western sectors. The Soviets blocked roads, railways and waterways, but the Potsdam Agreement guaranteed air corridors to Berlin. Because the western allies flew in all the supplies that normally came by land, the Berlin Blockade is also known as the Berlin Airlift. The Blockade ended in May 1949. By the end of 1949, two new states had been created out of occupied Germany - the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany) in the West and the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) in the East - with West Berlin an enclave that was not part of either.

According to the western allies, the occupation of most of Germany ended in 1949 when the Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic were set up. But the occupation of Berlin could only be ended by a quadripartite (four power) agreement, so Berlin remained an occupied territory under the formal control of all the allies. This is why the "Grundgesetz" (constitution of the Federal Republic) never applied in West Berlin.

The Soviets declared the occupation of East Berlin ended when East Germany was set up. This move was not recognised by the western allies who continued to view all of Berlin as a jointly occupied territory belonging to neither of the two states.

However, in many ways, West Berlin functioned as the "de facto" 11th state of West Germany.

But the western allies remained the ultimate political authorities there. The allies could appoint the Mayor and city government at Rathaus Schöneberg, but they never chose anyone except the elected mayor.

There were differences between West Germany and West Berlin.

While West Berlin was separate from East Berlin after 1949, people could easily move between the two parts until 1961. In many ways Berlin worked as a single city. The U-Bahn and S-Bahn public transit networks, rebuilt after the war, spanned all occupation sectors. Many people lived in one half of the city and had family members, friends, and jobs in the other.

As the Cold War continued, many East Germans began leaving East Germany for the West. East Germany closed the borders between East and West Germany in 1952, but did not seal off West Berlin; because there was freedom of movement between West Berlin and West Germany, Easterners could use the city as a crossing point to the West. To stop this drain, the East German government built the Berlin Wall, thus physically closing off West Berlin from East Germany, on 13 August 1961. It was still possible to travel from West Berlin to West Germany by air and by specific rail and autobahn transit routes set aside for that purpose, but inhabitants of the two Berlins were now physically and legally separated from each other.

The Four Power Agreement on Berlin (September 1971) and the Transit Agreement (May 1972), helped to ease the tensions over West Berlin and made it a little easier for West Berliners to travel to East Germany and for Germans travelling along the road routes into the city instead of flying.

On 9 November 1989 the wall was opened, and the two cities were once again physically - but not legally - united. German reunification soon ended the western occupation of West Berlin. On 3 October 1990 West Berlin and East Berlin were united as the city of Berlin, which then joined the Federal Republic as a "state," along with the rest of East Germany. West Berlin and East Berlin thus both formally ceased to exist.

West Berlin comprised the following boroughs:

In the American Sector:

In the British Sector:

In the French Sector:



Thyone (moon)

Thyone or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2001, and given the designation '.

Thyone is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,406,000 km in 639.803 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (147° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2526.

It was named in August 2003 after Thyone, better known as Semele, one of Zeus' conquests in Greek mythology.

Thyone belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Sukhoi Su-27

The Su-27 Flanker is a Soviet/Russian single-seat fighter aircraft made by Sukhoi. It first flew on 20 May 1977, and was introduced on 23 August 1990. It was first made by the Soviet Union as a fighter, but now it is in the Russian Air Force. It can hold up to 10 guided Air-to-Air medium-range R-27E or short-range R-73 or unguided Air-to-Ground missiles, unguided bombs, and a GSh-301 30mm cannon with 150 bullets. It has two AL-31F turbofan engines, a multi-purpose onboard search and track radar, an optical infrared search and track station with a laser rangefinder linked to pilot's helmet-mounted target designator and with a wide-angle HUD.

The Su-27 was made to pair with the MiG-29 Fulcrum, but in the Eritrean-Ethiopian War, Ethiopian Su-27s shot down 5 Eritrean MiG-29s. It was also supposed to fight American fighters like the F-15 Eagle and F-16 Fighting Falcon. There are the prototype versions T10 Flanker-A and T10S, the version S Flanker-B for the Russian Air Force, the interceptor version P Flanker-B without Air-to-Ground weapons for the Russian Air Force, the two-seat trainer version UB Flanker-C for the Russian Air Force, the export versions SK and UBK, the upgraded export versions SKM and UBM. There are fighters similar to the Su-27, like the Su-33 Flanker-D and the Su-30 Flanker-C .

The Su-27 is still in service with the Russian Air Force and others. Russian Air Force has hundreds of aircraft.
Half the fleet -about 100 fighters- has been modernized in the SM version from 2004 to 2012. The SM version has improved avionics, guided Air-to-Ground missiles and guided bombs and a “glass” cockpit. Russian Air Force received 12 newly built modernized SM3 aircraft in 2011.


F. W. Murnau

Friedrich Wilhelm "F. W." Murnau (28 December 1888 – 11 March 1931) was a German movie director. He was one of the most influential directors of the silent movie era. He was born in Bielefeld and attended the University of Heidelberg. He studied art history. He was openly gay. He was 6'4 (193 cm). He was said to have an icy disposition and an obsession with film. He was a combat pilot during World War I. He directed his first movie "Der Knabe in Blau" () in 1919.

Murnau's most famous movie is "Nosferatu" (1922). It was based on the book "Dracula". "Faust" was Murnau's last German movie. "Nosferatu" and "Faust" were two of the first films to have original music. Some of his German movies were considered to be Expressionist movies.

Murnau went to Hollywood in 1926. He joined the Fox Studio. He made "Sunrise" in 1927. It did not make a lot of money. It did receive an Academy Award in 1929. Murnau's next two movies were sound movies. They were not well received. Murnau was disappointed. He quit Fox. He went to the South Pacific. In Bora Bora he made "Tabu". The movie was censored in the United States for images of bare-breasted Polynesian women. Murnau died in an automobile accident in Santa Barbara, California. He is buried in Stahnsdorf near Berlin.Only 11 people attended his funeral. One of them was Greta Garbo.


Harpalyke (moon)

Harpalyke or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '. In August 2003,the moon was named after Harpalyke, the incestuous daughter of Klymenos, who was in some accounts a lover of Zeus (Jupiter).

Harpalyke belongs to the Ananke group, believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid. It is about 4 kilometres in diameter and appears grey similar to C-type asteroids. The moon orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,064,000 km in 624.542 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (147° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2441.



Giganotosaurus

Giganotosaurus is a large theropod dinosaur. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous, about 99 - 97 million years ago in what is now Argentina. 70 percent of the skeleton has been found. "Giganotosaurus" was probably the second largest carnivorous dinosaur of all time. Another large carnivore, "Mapusaurus", also lived in the same territory. They were both relatives of the North African "Carcharodontosaurus". 

The largest specimen is long, and tall at the hip. Its weight is estimated as . 

Titanosaur fossils belonging to "Andesaurus" and "Limaysaurus" have been found near the remains of "Giganotosaurus". The huge titanosaur "Argentinosaurus" also lived in the area. Probably, the titanosaurs were the main prey of the large theropods.

Orthosie (moon)

Orthosie or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Orthosie is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,568,000 km in 602.619 days, at an inclination of 142° to the ecliptic (143° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2433.

It was named in August 2003 after Orthosie, the Greek goddess of prosperity and one of the Horae. The Horae (Hours) were daughters of Zeus and Themis.

Orthosie belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Eoraptor

Eoraptor is one of the earliest known theropod dinosaurs. It was a very small omnivore or carnivore which lived in the Lower Triassic, about 231-228 million years ago (mya). It is the only one of the possible early dinosaurs which can be exactly dated by a layer of volcanic ash close beneath the fossil. 

"Eoraptor" was a small, lightly-built archosaur that walked on two long legs. It was about it had light, hollow bones, a long head with dozens of small, sharp teeth, and five fingers on its grasping hands (two of the fingers on each hand were very small).

The fossil was found in the Ischigualasto Formation in the Argentine. This contains some of the oldest known dinosaur and archosaur remains. They are of top quality, number and importance. It is the only place in the world where nearly all of the Triassic is represented in an undisturbed sequence of strata. What is now badlands was then a volcanically active floodplain dominated by rivers, with a strongly seasonal rainfall. 

Rhynchosaurs and cynodonts are by far the most common among the tetrapod fossils in the park. Dinosaurs make up only 6% of the findings, but these include early samples of the two major lineages of dinosaurs (ornithischians and saurischians). The carnivorous "Herrerasaurus" is the most numerous of these dinosaur fossils.

The teeth of Eoraptor are of two types. There are serrated, recurved teeth in the maxillae (upper jaws), like the teeth of theropods, and leaf-shaped teeth in the dentary (lower jaw), like the teeth of basal sauropodomorphs.

Below is a cladogram based on the phylogenetic analysis conducted by Sues et al. in 2011, showing the relationships of "Eoraptor":

A large analysis of early dinosaurs by Matthew Baron, David Norman and Paul Barrett (2017) found "Eoraptor" to be the earliest diverging member of Theropoda, within the larger clade Ornithoscelida.

Expressionism

Expressionism is an art and cultural movement of the 20th century.
Expressionist artists try to express a feeling with what they create. Colours and shapes are not used in a way people see them, but as the artist feels them. 

Expressionism emerged as an 'avant-garde movement' in poetry and painting before the First World War. In the Weimar years it was appreciated by a mass audience, peaking in popularity in 1920s Berlin.

Expressionism presents the world as subjective: how the artist feels it, not how it is scientifically. The art looks to get an emotional effect, and transmits personal moods and ideas. Expressionist artists sought to express the meaning of "being alive" and emotional experience rather than physical reality.

Expressionism is exhibited in many art forms, including: painting, literature, theatre, dance, film, architecture and music. The term often implies emotional angst. In a general sense, painters such El Greco could be called expressionist; in practice, the term is applied only to 20th century works.

The Expressionist stress on the individual perspective was also a reaction to positivism and other artistic movements such as naturalism and impressionism.

Typical modern expressionists are Edvard Munch ("The Scream"), August Macke, Ernst-Ludwig Kirchner, Emil Nolde, Marc Chagall, and others. The First World War, with the many young men who died, left deep impressions on artists' minds.

Suchomimus

Suchomimus ("crocodile mimic") was a fish-eating (and meat-eating) large spinosaurid theropod dinosaur with a crocodile-like head. It lived 112 million years ago in the Lower Cretaceous period in what is now Africa.

It was about 10.3–11 m (34–36 ft) long, and weighed 2.7 and 5.2 tonnes (2.7 and 5.1 long tons; 3.0 and 5.7 short tons). It walked on two powerful hind legs, and had short clawed arms with three fingers, the first finger was the longest.

Kale (moon)

Kale or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found in 2001 by astronomers at the University of Hawaii, and was originally designated as '.

Kale is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,409,000 km in 685.324 days, at an orbital inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (166° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2011.

It was named in August 2003 after one of the Charites (Greek Χάριτες, Latin "Gratiae", "Graces"), daughters of Zeus (Jupiter). Kale is the spouse of Hephaestus according to some authors (although most have Aphrodite play that role).

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism

Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism, which is sometimes just called by its initials, "CR", is a religion. People who belong to the religion call themselves "Celtic Reconstructionists" or "Celtic Reconstructionist Pagans". Sometimes they just call themseleves "CRs".

The Celts were the people who lived long ago in many parts of Europe, but mainly in the countries of Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and Gaul (modern-day France). The Modern Celts are the people who live in those countries now, or whose ancestors lived there.

Like the ancient Celts did before them, CRs are polytheistic and have many gods and goddesses. They believe in spirits and ancestors, too, and they often honour them with rituals and offerings. Offerings to the spirits might be food, or songs, or poetry. CRs often learn the languages spoken by the Celts, if they do not speak them already. These languages include the Irish language, Scottish Gaelic, the Welsh language and others.

Celtic Reconstructionists are a type of Pagan Reconstructionist. Reconstructionists believe in practicing a religion that is from one culture. They are different from eclectic Pagans, who mix parts of different cultures together.

Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism (CR) started in the 1980s, when people interested in the Celts and in Paganism were looking for an authentic religion. By the 1990s there were lots of CRs. Some of them met each other at Pagan gatherings, and later more people met each other on the Internet.

The first person to write about being a "Celtic Reconstructionist Pagan" was Kym Lambert ní Dhoireann. She wrote this in the Spring, 1992 issue of "Harvest" Magazine. She says she got the idea for the name from Kathryn Price NicDhàna, who had also written about it. Margot Adler's 1979 book, "Drawing Down the Moon" has a chapter on "Pagan Reconstructionists", and Kathryn NicDhàna says this is probably where she got the idea, even though the book does not mention Celtic Reconstructionists, just other kinds.

Celtic Reconstructionists base their religion on what we know of the Ancient Celtic people's religion, and also on Celtic folklore. They focus on a particular Celtic culture, such as the Gaelic Welsh or Gaulish. Many CRs are scholars, or mystics, though many believe it's important to be both. CRs read lots of books and do things like meditation, prayer, and rituals. CRs believe that honesty and honorable behaviour is important.

Many CRs view each act of daily life as a form of ritual, and they accompany daily activities with traditional prayers, chants and songs from sources such as the Scottish Gaelic "Carmina Gadelica" or manuscript collections of ancient Irish or Welsh poetry.

Community rituals are usually based on traditional community celebrations found in folkloric collections by authors such as Marian McNeill, Kevin Danaher or John Gregorson Campbell. These celebrations often involve bonfires, dances, songs, divination and children's games. More formal or mystical CR rituals are often based on traditional techniques of interacting with the Otherworld, such as the act of making offerings of food, drink and art to the spirits of the land, ancestral spirits, and the Celtic deities. CR ritual structures are based on the ancient Celtic idea of the "Three Realms" - Land, Sea and Sky - with the fire of inspiration seen as a central, uniting force. Many CRs have altars and shrines to the spirits and deities they believe in. They may place these altars at outdoor, natural locations such as wells, streams, and special trees. Some CRs practice divination, such as the taking of omens from the shapes of clouds or the behaviour of birds and animals.

While Celtic Reconstructionism was the earliest name in use, and is still used the most often, other names for a Celtic Reconstructionist approach have also come into use, with varying degrees of success.

Some CR groups have looked to Celtic languages for a more culturally specific name for the tradition, or for their branch of the tradition. There are groups who now described their traditions as "Pàganachd" ("Paganism, Heathenism" in Scottish Gaelic) or the Irish version, "Págánacht". Some Gaelic-oriented groups use the two terms somewhat interchangeably,<ref name="Paganachd/Paganacht"></ref> or further modify these terms to describe the CR sub-tradition practiced by their particular group, such as "Pàganachd Allaidh" (“Wild Paganism”) or "Pàganachd Bhandia" (“Paganism of Goddesses”),
both used by Gaelic Reconstructionist groups on the East Coast of the US.

In the late 1990s, members of Imbas, a Celtic Reconstructionist group in Seattle, began promoting the name "Senistrognata", which they say means "the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples" in reconstructed Old Celtic.




Celtic Reconstructionists rely on primary mythological texts, as well as surviving folklore, for the basis of their religious practices. No list can completely cover all the recommended works, but this is a small sample of sources used.




Hurricane Humberto (2007)

Hurricane Humberto formed and strengthened faster than any other tropical cyclone on record within 18 hours of landfall; developing on September 12, 2007 in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico, the cyclone quickly strengthened and struck High Island, Texas, with winds of about 90 mph (150 km/h) early on September 13. It steadily weakened after moving ashore, and on September 14 it began dissipating over northwestern Georgia as it interacted with an approaching cold front. Humberto was the eighth named storm and third hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, and became the first hurricane to strike the United States since Hurricane Wilma of 2005. Damage was fairly light, estimated at about $50 million.



High Island, Texas

High Island is an unincorporated area in Galveston County, Texas. It is in the extreme eastern part of the county on Bolivar Peninsula, less than one mile from Chambers county and less than two miles from Jefferson county. As of 1990, 500 people resided in High Island.

In 2007, Hurricane Humberto made landfall near High Island.


Preparations for Hurricane Katrina

This article covers the details of the preparations for Hurricane Katrina, a major category 5 hurricane that destroyed parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.

Many people living in the area were caught off guard when Katrina strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane in one day and struck southern Florida on August 25. National Hurricane Center (NHC) forecasts had correctly predicted the strengthening, however, and hurricane watches and warnings were properly given out nearly 36 and 24 hours, before hurricane conditions were felt in the area.

On August 27, after Katrina crossed southern Florida and strengthened to a Category 3 storm, President George W. Bush declared a state of emergency in Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi two days before the hurricane made landfall.

On August 28, the National Weather Service in Slidell, Louisiana, issued a bulletin predicting "devastating" damage rivaling the intensity of Hurricane Camille. Necessary evacuations were issued for large areas of southeast Louisiana as well as coastal Mississippi and Alabama.

On Sunday, August 28, Canadian National Railway (CN) stopped all rail traffic on its lines south of McComb, Mississippi, (lines owned by its subsidiary Illinois Central Railroad that extend into New Orleans), expectating damage from the hurricane. To help continue services after the storm passes, CN also issued an embargo with the Association of American Railroads against all deliveries to points south of Osyka, Mississippi. CSX Transportation also suspended service south of Montgomery, Alabama until further notice.

Amtrak, America's rail passenger carrier, announced that the southbound "City of New Orleans" passenger trains from Chicago, Illinois, from August 29 through September 3, would stop at Memphis, Tennessee, rather than their usual destination of New Orleans. The trains traveling northbound would also start at Memphis. The southbound "Crescent" from New York City, for the same period, stopped in Atlanta, Georgia, with the northbound trains starting in Atlanta as well. Amtrak's westbound "Sunset Limited" started in San Antonio, Texas, rather than its usual starting point of Orlando, Florida. Amtrak announced that no alternate transportation options would be made available into or out of the affected area.

The Waterford nuclear power plant was also shut down on Sunday, August 28, before Katrina's arrival.

By August 26, the possibility of never-before-happened destruction and damage was already being considered. Some computer models were putting the city of New Orleans right in the center of their track probabilities, and the chances of a direct hit were forecast at 17% (with strike probability rising to 29% by August 28). This scenario was considered a potential disaster because 80% of the New Orleans metropolitan area is below sea level along Lake Pontchartrain. Since the storm surge produced by the hurricane's right-front quadrant (containing the strongest winds) was more than 20 ft (6 m) near Biloxi, emergency management officials in New Orleans feared that the storm surge could go over the tops of levees protecting the city, causing major flooding. This risk of devastation had been known for some time; previous studies by FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers had warned that a direct hurricane strike on New Orleans could lead to massive flooding, which would lead to thousands of drowning deaths, as well as many more suffering from disease and dehydration, as the flood waters slowly retreated from the city.

At a news conference 10:00 AM on August 28, shortly after Katrina was upgraded to a Category 5 storm, New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin ordered the first ever mandatory evacuation of the city, calling Katrina, "a storm that most of us have long feared". To speed up the evacuations, authorities used contraflow lane reversal on Interstate 10 leading west of New Orleans, as well as on Interstate 55 and Interstate 59 leading north from the city. The city government also established several "refuges of last resort" for citizens who could not leave the city, including the massive Louisiana Superdome, which housed approximately 26,000 people with food and water for several days as the storm came ashore. The Louisiana National Guard delivered three truckloads of water and seven truckloads of MRE's to the Superdome, enough to supply 15,000 people for three days.

Louisiana's hurricane evacuation plan calls for local governments in areas along and near the coast to call for evacuations in three phases, starting with the immediate coast 50 hours before the start of tropical storm force winds. Persons in areas designated Phase II begin evacuating 40 hours before the onset of tropical storm winds and those in Phase III areas (including New Orleans) evacuate 30 hours before the start of such winds.

However, many parishes were not able to provide sufficient transportation for citizens who did not have private means of evacuation, and many private care-taking facilities who relied on the same bus companies and ambulance services for evacuation were unable to evacuate their charges. Fuel and rental cars were in short supply and many forms of public transportation had been shut down well before the storm arrived. The end result was that hundreds of thousands of residents and tourists were unable to evacuate and remained in the city. Nonetheless, some estimates claimed that 90-92% of the 1.3 million residents of the New Orleans metropolitan region evacuated including 80% of Orleans parish.



Waterford Nuclear Generating Station

The Waterford Steam Electric Station, Unit 3, also known as Waterford 3, is a nuclear power station located on a 3,000-acre (12-km²) up-river from Hahnville, Louisiana, in St. Charles Parish.


Passenger car

A passenger car (North America) is a type of railway rolling stock that is designed to carry passengers. In British English it may be called a coach or carriage.

McComb, Mississippi

McComb is a city in Pike County, Mississippi, about 80 miles south of Jackson, just off of Interstate 55. As of the 2020 census, 12,413 people lived there, nearly the same as in the 1980 census (12,331). It is the principal city of the McComb, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area. McComb was founded in 1872 after Henry Simpson McComb of the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad (which would become the Illinois Central Railroad and now a part of the Canadian National Railway), decided to move the railroad's maintenance shops away from New Orleans, Louisiana, to avoid the New Orleans' saloons.

Singer Britney Spears was born in McComb.


Checkpoint Charlie

Checkpoint Charlie was one of three places where people could travel from the Western occupied sectors of Germany and Berlin to the Soviet occupied sectors.

These places were called checkpoints because they were places where passports and identities were checked.

As it was the only crossing point there were sometimes queues of people waiting to cross. But military traffic was never stopped, because Berlin was supposed to be under the control of all four wartime allies.

After the end of the Cold War, and the reunification of Germany the checkpoints were no longer needed. The big concrete buildings of Checkpoint Bravo are now used by the German Customs Service . Checkpoint Charlie was only a wooden hut in the street. It was moved to what is now the Allied Museum at 110 Clayallee, and a small replica put up in Kochstraße. The fake checkpoint is very popular with tourists who have their photographs taken in front of it.


Customs

Most countries have a Customs Service. The customs service works mostly at ports, airports and the countries borders to make sure that people do not bring things into the country which are banned, or that the right amount of tax has been paid on goods that can be "imported" (brought into the country).

Some customs officers work at a post office. They do not meet the public, they examine letters and parcels which have been sent from outside the country, to make sure nothing illegal is being brought into the country.

In the United Kingdom the customs service was called "Customs and Excise". This is because it was once two separate bodies. The Customs service collected tax (called customs duty) on goods being brought into the country, for example brandy from France or tea from India. The Excise service collected tax (called excise duty) on goods made in the country, for example Scotch whisky or Irish whiskey. Today all cars and lorries must pay a tax to be allowed to drive on the road. Although most people call this "road tax" or "car tax", it is officially called "vehicle excise duty".

Whisky

Whisky, or whiskey, is an alcoholic drink distilled from grain and aged in wooden .

The name comes from a gaelic word. In Ireland, it is called whiskey, with an added letter 'e'. Whiskey made in the United States often uses the Irish spelling.

There are many kinds of whisky, of which most important are:


Most whiskys contain around 40% alcohol.

Scotch whisky is legally defined by Scotch Whisky Order of 1990 (UK), and the Scotch Whisky Act of 1988.

These say that Scotch whisky must:

Alcohol is a favorite way to collect tax (called excise duty) in the United Kingdom. When Gordon Brown, a Scot, became Chancellor of the Exchequer, he concentrated on taxing beers and wines, and did not increased the duty on whisky. This, he said, was to help the Scotch whisky industry to recover, increase exports and make more money.

Iocaste (moon)

Iocaste or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Iocaste orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,723,000 km in 609.427 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (146° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2874.

It was named in October 2002 after Jocasta, the mother/wife of Oedipus in Greek mythology.

Iocaste belongs to the Ananke group, believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid.

The moon is about 5 kilometres in diameter and appears grey, similar to C-type asteroids.



Chaldene (moon)

Chaldene or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation '.

Chaldene is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,713,000 km in 699.327 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (169° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2916.

It was named in October 2002 after Chaldene, the mother of Solymos by Zeus in Greek mythology.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Amanda Jenssen

Amanda Jenssen (born September 12, 1988) was the first runner up at Pop idol Sweden 2007. Her first album was released in 2008 and became a number 1 album on the charts.

Erinome (moon)

Erinome or , is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard "et al." in 2000, and given the designation .

Erinome is about 3.2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,986,000 km in 711.965 days, at an inclination of 164° to the ecliptic (162° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2552.

It was named in October, 2002 after the Roman mythological Erinome, a lover of Jupiter.

Erinome belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Aoede (moon)

Aoede or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003. It received the designation '.

Aoede is about in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of in 714.657 days, at an inclination of 160° to the ecliptic (162° to Jupiter's equator), with an of 0.6012.

It was named in March 2005 after Aœde, one of the three original Muses. Aœde was the Muse of song, and was a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter) by Mnemosyne.

Aoede belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between and , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Italian Wikipedia

The Italian Wikipedia () is the Italian-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started on 11 May 2001 and has over articles. It is currently the 8th largest edition by article count.

Volunteers on the Italian Wikipedia decided they did not like a proposed law before the Italian Parliament. The proposal was from 4 to 6 October 2011. During this time, all of the site's articles were hidden. Wikipedia's administrators blocked the website which was being debated at the time in the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Parliament.

This was the first time that a Wikipedia had blanked all its content to protest. The Wikimedia Foundation released a statement on 4 October. The Foundation Board officially supported the short closing of Italian Wikipedia. In October 2011, the manifesto, which replaced the Italian Wikipedia, had been viewed approximately 19 million times. On 6 October 2011, the website content was put back. Wikipedia added a banner across the top of each page explaining the reason for the protest.

Italian newspaper Il Tempo journalist Alberto Di Majo described the closure of the Italian-language Wikipedia as an "unexpected merit" of the proposed law. Some people questioned whether a non-profit United States foundation should try to change laws written in Italy.

Quraysh

Quraysh or Quraish was the dominant tribe of Mecca upon the appearance of the religion of Islam. 

It was the tribe to which the Islamic Prophet Muhammad belonged and which led the opposition to his message. Not very much of this tribe followed Islam.



Arche (moon)

Arche or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2002, and got the designation '.

Arche is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,717,000 km in 746.185 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (162° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.149.

It was named in 2005 after Arche, whom some Greek writers described as one of the four original Muses, an addition to the earlier three (Aoede, Melete, and Mneme).

Arche belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Eukelade

Eukelade or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and got the designation '.

Eukelade is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,484,000 km in 735.200 days, at an inclination of 164° to the ecliptic (165° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2829.

It was named in March 2005 after Eukelade, described by some Greek writers as one of the Muses, and thus a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Eukelade belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Quraysh (surah)

Surat Quraysh (Arabic: سورة قريش ) (after the tribe of Quraysh) is the 106th chapter of the Qur'an. It is a Makkah sura that consists of four ayat. It urges the Quraysh tribe who dominated Mecca to serve Allah, who had protected them, for the sake of their own future.


Sura

Surah (sometimes spelt sura or surat ('), plural suwar ) is an Arabic term that literally means "something enclosed or surrounded by a fence or wall." 

A surah is a "chapter" of the Qur'an. They are traditionally ordered in order of length and begin with the shortest. Each surah is named for a word or name mentioned in an ayah (section), of that 'surah'. 

The 114 surahs are:




Kore (moon)

Kore or ' is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the designation '.

Kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,239,000 km in 723.720 days, at an inclination of 141° to the ecliptic (139° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2462.

It belongs, which is made up of non-spherical retrograde moon
It was named after Kore, another name for the Greek goddess Persephone (from the Greek κόρη, "daughter [of Demeter]").

Chapter

Chapter could mean:

Chapter could also mean:

Chapter (books)

A chapter is one of the main divisions of a piece of writing of some length, such as a book. Chapters can be numbered in the case of such writings as law code (see "Chapter 7" or "Chapter 11") or they can be titled. For example, the first chapters of some well-known novels are titled:

Many novels of great length do not have chapters. Non-fiction books, especially those used for reference, almost always have chapters for ease of navigation. In these works, chapters are often subdivided into sections. The chapters of reference works are almost always listed in a table of contents. Novels sometimes use a table of contents, but not always.
In ancient civilizations, books were often in the form of papyrus scrolls, which contained about the same amount of text as a typical chapter in a modern book. This is the reason chapters in recent reproductions and translations of works of these periods are often presented as "Book 1", "Book 2", etc.

Tracks on a DVD or laserdisc are also called chapters.

Sura (disambiguation)

Sura can refer to:

632

632 was a leap year.



Sponde (moon)

Sponde or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Sponde is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,253,000 km in 771.604 days, at an inclination of 154° to the ecliptic (156° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.443.

It was named in August 2003 after one of the Horae (Hours), which presided over the seventh hour (libations poured after lunch). The Hours, goddesses of the time of day but also of the seasons, were daughters of Zeus (Jupiter) and Themis.

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Battle of Uhud

The Battle of Uhud () was fought on 23 March 625 (3 Shawwal 3 AH of the Islamic calendar) at Mount Uhud, in what is now north-western Saudi Arabia. It occurred between a force from the Muslim community of Medina led by Prophet Muhammad, and a force led by Abu Sufyan from Mecca, the town from which many of the Muslims had previously emigrated ("hijra"). The Battle of Uhud was the second military encounter between the Meccans and the Muslims, after the Battle of Badr in 624, where a small Muslim army had defeated the larger Meccan army. 

For the Muslims, the battle was a big setback.

Prophet Muhammad had preached the religion of Islam in Mecca from 613 to 622. He had attracted a small community of followers, but also had opposition from the rest of the Quraysh, the clan that ruled Mecca and to which he belonged. The Muslims fled Mecca in 622 after years of persecution and established themselves at Medina (formerly known as "Yathrib"). They considered themselves to be in a state of war with Mecca and raided Meccan caravans that had Muslim belongings left in Mecca. The Meccans sent out a small army to punish the Muslims and stop their raiding. At the Battle of Badr in 624, a small Muslim force had defeated the much larger Meccan army. 

Many Muslims considered this battle's victory a proof that they had been favored by God (Arabic: Allah), and believed they were assured such victories in the future.

Quraysh soldiers met the Muslims at Uhud. Abu Sufyan and his Army flanked the Muslims, 'Amr ibn al-'As was leading the Muslim Cavalry then he fought against them, Muslim archers threw rocks at the Quraysh, they were forced to go back. The person who holds the Quraysh Flag was charging and he fought Ali ibn Abi Talib and then he was hit in the shoulder. Then Hamza ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib came in and fought many people.



625

625 was a common year.




Battle of Badr

The Battle of Badr (), was fought March 13, 624 CE of western Arabia (present-day Saudi Arabia). It was a key battle in the early days of Islam and a turning point in Muhammad's struggle with his opponents among the Quraysh in Mecca. The battle has been passed down in Islamic history as a decisive victory because of divine intervention. Also, it is attributed to the genius of Muhammad. Although it is one of the few battles specifically mentioned in the Muslim holy book, the Qur'an, virtually all contemporary knowledge of the battle at Badr comes from traditional Islamic accounts, both hadiths and biographies of Muhammad, written decades after the battle.





Hermippe (moon)

Hermippe or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Hermippe is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,182,000 km in 629.809 days, at an orbital inclination of 151° to the ecliptic (149° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2290.

It was named in August 2003 by the IAU, after Hermippe, a lover of Zeus (Jupiter).

Hermippe belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Ceasefire

A ceasefire (or truce) is a stoppage of a war or any armed conflict, where each side of the conflict agrees with the other to stop aggressive actions for some time. Ceasefires may be declared as part of a formal peace treaty, but they have also been called part of an informal understanding between opposing forces.

On December 24, 1914, during World War I, there was an unofficial ceasefire as both the Germans and the British sought to observe Christmas (the "Christmas Truce"). There was no treaty signed, and after a few days the war resumed.

A ceasefire was reached on July 27, 1953 to halt the conflict of the Korean War and establish a demilitarized zone. But no peace treaty has been signed. Therefore, officially North and South Korea are still at war.

Pakistan's government has repeatedly claimed that the Republic of India is violating the Simla Agreement by constructing a fence along the cesefire line in the Kashmir Conflict. Then-Pakistani President and ex-Army Chief of Army Staff (Pakistan) Pervez Musharraf promised in 2002 to curb infiltration into the Territorial dispute. After the November 2003 ceasefire line agreement, building resumed and was completed in late 2004. LoC fencing was completed in Kashmir Valley and Jammu region on 30 September 2004. According to Indian Military sources, the fence has reduced by 80% the numbers of militants who routinely cross into the occupied territory of the disputed state to attack Indian soldiers.

Another example of a ceasefire in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict was announced between the State of Israel and the Palestinian National Authority on February 8, 2005. When announced, chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat publicly defined the ceasefire as follows: "We have agreed that today President Mahmoud Abbas will declare a full cessation of violence against Israelis anywhere and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will declare a full cessation of violence and military activities against Palestinians anywhere."


Khalid ibn al-Walid

Khalid ibn al-Walid (; died 642), also known as Sayf Allah ('Sword of God', was a Rashidun military general who led the Muslim conquests of Syria the 7th century. 

He is famous for his military success, as he commanded the forces of Muhammad and of his immediate successors Abu Bakr and Umar ibn al-Khattab. He won 28 of his confirmed battles against the numerically superior forces of the Byzantine Roman Empire, Sassanid Persian Empire, and their allies. His greatest strategic achievements were his quick conquest of the Persian Empire and conquest of Roman Syria within three years from 633 to 636. His greatest tactical achievements were his successful double envelopment manoeuver at Walaja and his victories at Ullais and Yarmouk.



Tactic

Tactic could mean:


Military tactics

Military tactics () are the art of organizing an army and the techniques for using weapons or military units to fight an enemy in battle. Tactics are distinct from strategy, which concerns a longer time scale. They have changed over time, mainly because of changes in military technology.

Tactics are methods to use military forces in combat and include basically many types of the military operations such as frontal assaults, attempts to flank the enemy, the keeping of troops in reserve, and the use of ambushes. Specialized tactics exist for many situations, such as securing a room or individual building, to large-scale operations, such as establishing air superiority over a region or the use of shock tactics.

Military tactics are used at all levels of command, from individual and group up to entire armed forces. The military theorist Carl von Clausewitz said "tactics is the art of using troops in battle; strategy is the art of using battles to win the war."



Geneva Conference

Several international or multinational conferences have been called the Geneva Conference, because they were held in the city of Geneva, Switzerland. These conferences include:



Marching band

A marching band is a band of instrumental musicians who march while playing instruments.

They combine movement – usually some type of marching and other movements – with their musical performance. The music usually has a strong rhythmic component suitable for marching. Marching bands use a uniform, often bearing the name and emblem of their organization. Most bands have a color guard, who perform with flags, swords, rifles and other props. 

In addition to traditional parade performances, many bands also perform field shows at special events (such as football games) or at competitions.

Its instruments typically are brass instruments, woodwinds, and percussion instruments.

Instruments found in marching bands include:




Hergiswil

Hergiswil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

It was founded in 1378.

The main sights of Hergiswil are: an old clergy house, the church, the chapel "Maria zum guten Rat", old mansion "Thumigerhaus", and a glazier's workshop with museum. The workshop was established in 1817. It burned down on one occasion.


Max Bruch

Max Christian Friedrich Bruch (6 January 1838–2 October 1920) also known as Max Karl August Bruch, was a German Romantic composer and conductor who wrote over 200 works, including three violin concertos, one of which is a staple of the violin repertoire.

Bruch was born in Cologne. He had a long career as a teacher, conductor and composer, moving among musical posts in Germany: Mannheim (1862-1864), Koblenz (1865-1867), Sondershausen, (1867-1870) Berlin (1870-1872), Bonn, where he spent 1873 -1878 working privately. At the height of his reputation he spent three seasons as conductor of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Society (1880-83). He taught composition at the "Berlin Hochschule für Musik" (the Berlin Conservatoire) from 1890 until his retirement in 1910.

His conservatively structured works, in the German romantic musical tradition, placed him in the camp of Romantic classicism exemplified by Johannes Brahms, rather than the opposing "New Music" of Franz Liszt and Richard Wagner. In his time, he was known primarily as a choral composer.

His "Violin Concerto No. 1 in G minor", Op. 26 (1868) is one of the most popular Romantic violin concertos. It uses several techniques from Felix Mendelssohn's "Violin Concerto in E minor".


Oberdorf, Nidwalden

Oberdorf is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The economy of Oberdorf is mainly based in agriculture. The main sight of Oberdorf is the Benedictine convent Maria-Rickenbach. The convent can only be reached by cable car.


Postgraduate education

Postgraduate is the name for someone who is doing further education, after obtaining both a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree from a university. A typical form of this kind of education is a doctoral thesis, or Ph.D. Another such degree is probably the Master level of the revised Bologna system. Masters can be done in about 1.5 years after doing a bachelors degree, theses usually take 3–4 years, after the master level.


Stans

Stans is the capital city of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. It has a population of 7,300 people. The area of Stans is 11 km².

Stans was first noted in 1172. In 1798, it was attacked by French troops, followed the decision of Nidwalden not to adapt a new constitution. Children whose parents were killed by this event were gathered by the teacher Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi for his first school. The open-air assembly ("Landsgemeinde") was held in Stans each year until 1997.

The main sights of Stans are:


Stansstad

Stansstad is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Stansstad are: a museum of the buildings, a tower ("Schnitzturm"), and the chaper "Marie Linden" in "Kehrsiten".


Wolfenschiessen

Wolfenschiessen is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Wolfenschiessen are: the parish church "St. Maria", the chapel "St. Joder" in "Altzellen", the mansions "Hechhuis", and the "Grossitz" mansion.


Bischofszell

Bischofszell is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in the country of Switzerland. It has a population of 5,500 people.

The local industry is Bischofszell Konserven. It now belongs to Migros. They make jams, fruit juices, various cans, convenience food, among them Anna's Best. 

Diessenhofen

Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Münchwilen, Thurgau

Münchwilen is a municipality and capital city of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Arbon

Arbon is a municipality and capital city of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The shores of Lake Constance near Arbon have been inhabited since the Stone Age. Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages. At first, it was assumed that these were built over water, since they were raised on stilts. However, it is now known that they were on the shore and were built because the ground was swampy.

During Roman times, "Bergli" was probably a Roman fort. The raised situation and view over the lake were strategically important. Since 1957, regular excavations have shown the remains of late Roman fortifications. The Latin name of Arbon, "Arbor Felix" (meaning "happy tree"), first appears in the "Itinerarium Antonini" in 300. According to the chronicles of Ammianus Marcellinus, Emperor Gratian went to Arbon in 378, and stayed there until 401.

In the 8th century, the area became part of the territory of the Franks.

In 610, Irish monks who were followers of Columban of Luxeuil settled in Arbon. They started a small Christian settlement called "Castrum" there. One of these monks was St. Gallus, the founder of the monastery of St. Gallen. He died in 627 in Arbon. In 720, a fortification on the site of the present castle was built by a Frankish troop. The foundations of this early fortress remain.

Arbon belonged to the territory of the Bishop of Constance. In 1255, Bishop Eberhard von Waldburg gave Arbon a dispensation for market rights in the area and built the city wall. People moved in from the surrounding farms. From 1262 to 1264, and again in 1266, the young Duke of Swabia, Conradin of Hohenstaufen, was in Arbon because the Bishop of Constance was his guardian. The surrounding towns of Steinach, Mörschwil, Horn, Goldach, Egnach, Roggwil, and Steinebrunn all belonged to the parish of Arbon.

The 14th century saw further growth. Linen production and other crafts developed. Between 1322 and 1334, Bishop Rudolf von Montfort rebuilt the crumbling fortress. A fire of unknown cause in 1390 destroyed much of the "Altstadt". A second fire in 1494 was set by the sons of a hanged thief.

When Thurgau was conquered by the Swiss "Eidgenossen" in 1460, the Bishops of Constance retained Arbon. In the Swabian War of 1499, they lost civil rights over the territory, retaining only ecclesiastical supremacy. Arbon then became part of the Old Swiss Confederacy.

The castle of Arbon in its present form was built in 1515 by Bishop Hugo von Hohenlandenberg. The tower is older and dates to 993.

In 1525, the first stirrings of the Reformation reached Arbon. In 1537, the reformed congregation was forced to return the church of St. Martin to the Catholic Church and meet in the chapel in Erdhausen, although only a small minority of the population remained Catholic. Religious conflict continued until the 18th century. In 1712, Thurgau declared equality for the various faiths.

In the 18th century, the linen and embroidery industry was established in Arbon. The industrialists built attractive villas in the area, such as the «Rotes Haus» built in 1750.

In 1798, Thurgau was occupied by French troops, along with much of the rest of Switzerland. The adoption of the Swiss constitution ended Arbon's dependence on the Bishops of Constance. The Bishop's representative, Franz Xaver Wirz von Rudenz, was forced to leave the city. In 1803, Arbon became part of the new canton of Thurgau. From 1803 to 1815, Arbon and Horn (an exclave in the canton of St. Gallen) were united in one municipality.

In the 19th century, Arbon developed into an economic and manufacturing center. This occurred because of the pioneering efforts of industrialist Franz Saurer, who move his foundry from St. Gallen to Arbon in 1863. Starting in 1888, his factory built all kinds of machinery and motors. Until 1983, the factory produced trucks and buses, and until 1986 military vehicles. Today, the factory produces only textile machinery. At its high point, the factory employed 5000 workers. The population grew from 660 in 1844 to over 10,000 at the turn of the century.

Since the beginning of the 20th century, Arbon has had a large non-Swiss minority. Tensions between ethnic groups led to riots with several fatalities in 1902.

In 1911, Arbon was the site of the International Socialist Congress. From the 1920s to the 1950s, the Social Democratic majority held power in the city, and it was known as "red Arbon".

The population of the city of Arbon is about 13,000 people.


Aadorf

Aadorf is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

With a population of 7,436 people (as of 2005), it is the canton's seventh largest municipality.


Genius

A genius is a person who is exceptionally intelligent. People may have different ideas of how clever one has to be in order to be called a “genius”. A genius may be extremely clever at maths or science or games such as chess, or they may be creative geniuses who are brilliant writers, musicians or artists. 

Albert Einstein is perhaps the world’s most famous genius. He was extraordinarily good at math, but in other areas, such as languages, he was not particularly good. Leonardo da Vinci and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe were geniuses who can also be described as polymaths because they were brilliant in lots of different subjects. Geniuses are usually child prodigies, i.e., they already show they are a genius when they are young children.

Genius is not quite the same as talent. Talent means the ability to learn a particular skill very quickly. A genius, on the other hand, is also very creative and able to do things that no one else has thought of.

Some geniuses, such as Goethe, are very sensible, reliable people who are good at organizing their lives. However, there are many geniuses who have unusual personalities. They may be very absent-minded, they may not have much common sense, or they may suffer at times from depression and changes of mood.

Affeltrangen

Affeltrangen is a municipality in Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Altnau

Altnau is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Amlikon-Bissegg

Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Amriswil

Amriswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Taygete (moon)

Taygete or ' is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation '.

Taygete is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,439,000 km in 686.675 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (163° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3678.

It was named in October 2002 after Taygete, one of the Pleiades, daughter of the Titan Atlas and mother of Lacedaemon by Zeus (Jupiter).

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Glarus

Glarus could mean different places.

Betschwanden

Betschwanden is a former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Canton of Glarus

Glarus is a canton in east Switzerland. The capital is Glarus. In 2010, the 25 communes were merged to only three: Glarus, Glarus Nord, and Glarus Süd. Officially, Glarus is a German-speaking canton; of the roughly 40.000 people, 83.6 percent are German-speaking, and 6.8 percent speak Italian. According to a statistical survey done in 2000, 44% of the population are Protestant (including Jehovas Witnesses, and the New Apostolic Church), 37.3% are Roman Catholic, 6.5% are Muslims, 6.5% are non-believers, 2.3% are either Eastern orthodox or Oriental orthodox and 3.7% belonged to other communities or did not say.

The canton of Glarus is dominated by the deep valley of the Linth River. Most of the area is mountainous. The total area of the canton of Glarus is 685 km².

The history of this canton is dominated by religion. The people who lived in the Linth Valley were converted to Christianity in the 6th century by the Irish monk Saint Fridolin. He is still in the coat of arms of the canton today. He started Säckingen Abbey near Basel. The area around Glarus was owned by the abbey starting in the 9th century. By 1288, the Habsburgs slowly took over all the abbey's rights. Then the people of Glarus joined the Swiss Confederation in 1352.

Between 1506 and 1516, the reformer Huldrych Zwingli was a priest in Glarus. By 1564, all of Zwingli's followers were eliminated, but the Protestants and Catholics there still fought with each other. To make peace it was decided that each side should have its own assembly ("Landsgemeinde") in 1623. In 1683, each side was granted the right to have its own tribunals.

Between 1798 and 1803, Glarus was part of the Canton of Linth made by Napoleon. In 1836 the constitution was changed to unite the assemblies and establish only one "Landsgemeinde".

About two thirds of Glarus (593 buildings) were destroyed after a big fire in 1861. After the fire, Glarus was rebuilt in block fashion according to construction plans by Bernhard Simon and Johann Caspar Wolff.

On May 6, 2007 Glarus became the first Swiss canton to lower the voting age to 16.

The land of the canton helped to make slate works in the 1600s.

The 25 municipalities ("gemeinden") were:


Mendrisio District

The district of Mendrisio is the southernmost district of canton of Ticino and of Switzerland.

The district of Mendrisio has 27 municipalities divided in 5 circles ("circoli"):

Chert

Chert is a type of rock that includes flint and agate. It sometimes has fossils in it, usually shells. It is a sedimentary rock, and it is very hard. It is made from quartz. People used chert to make arrow heads because it was hard and sharp when broken. The color of chertz is usually white or gray, but can be red, yellow or dark grey. If there is a lot of iron oxide in the chert it can be dark red; this type of chert is called "jasper."

Mendrisio

Mendrisio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Mendrisio is the seat of the Accademia di Architettura of the university of Italian-speaking Switzerland (USI).

The municipality was created on 4 April 2004, when it incorporated the former municipality of Salorino. On 5 April 2009, it incorporated the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Rancate and Tremona. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Coldrerio

Coldrerio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Franciscan Assemblage

The Franciscan Assemblage is a term in geology that describes a group of rocks near the peninsula of San Francisco, California.

Genestrerio

Genestrerio was a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Sonoma Coast State Beach

Sonoma Coast State Beach is a series of beaches in Sonoma County, California. The beaches are protected as the Sonoma Coast State Park. It extends for about along the Pacific Coast, from Bodega Head in Bodega to just north of Goat Rock Beach.

The nearest town is Jenner. The coastline consists of a number of named beaches, including Arched Rock Beach, Jenner Beach, Blind Beach, Goat Beach and Goat Rock Beach. Goat Beach is known for being one of the most dangerous surfing spots in California because of its powerful waves, and it is recommended to not go near the water when visiting the beach. Jenner Beach got attention in August 2004 when two Christian youth camp counselors, 22-year-old Lindsay Cutshall and 26-year-old Jason Allen, were found dead. Both had been shot in the head at close range. The murders have not been solved. 


Canton of Bern

The Swiss canton of Bern has about 947,000 people. The canton is in west-central Switzerland and the city of Bern is its capital.

As of April 2004, there are 398 municipalities of the canton of Bern within the following 26 administrative districts:



Aarberg District

The district of Aarberg is a district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Aarberg. There are 12 municipalities in the district covering an area of 153 km²:

Aarberg

Aarberg is a municipality in Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bargen, Bern

Bargen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is a parish and is now part of the district of Aarberg. Its official language is German.

Coast Miwok

The Coast Miwok were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California.

Pomo

The Pomo were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California by Russian River. Pomo is a language family that includeds seven languages, including Northern Pomo, Northeastern Pomo, Eastern Pomo, Southeastern Pomo, and Kashaya. The pomo tribe were hunters and gatherers. The men hunted meat and fish, while the women and the children gatherd nuts and berries. The Pomo villages might have had as few as 100 or more than 1,500. They wove finely crafted baskets and sometimes decorated them with feathers and shell beads.

Euporie (moon)

Euporie or ' is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Euporie is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,088,000 km in 538.780 days, at an inclination of 145° to the ecliptic (145° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.0960.

It was named in August 2003 after Euporie, a Greek goddess of abundance and one of the Horae in Greek mythology (and thus a daughter of Zeus).

It is the closest member of the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Autonoe (moon)

Autonoe or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Autonoe is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,264,000 km in 772.168 days, at an inclination of 151° to the ecliptic (150° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.369.

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Autonoe was named in August 2003 after the Greek mythological figure Autonoe, conquest of Zeus (Jupiter), mother of the Charites (Gracies), according to some authors.

Hegemone (moon)

Hegemone or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and given the designation '.

Hegemone is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,703,000 km in 745.500 days, at an inclination of 153° to the ecliptic (151° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.4077.

It was named in March 2005 after Hegemone, one of the Graces, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Hegemone belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Season 2 Episode 11 of the expanse saw the hero ship hiding behind the moon

Euanthe (moon)

Euanthe or ' is a moon of Jupiter which is not fully round. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001. It was given the designation '.

Euanthe is about 3 kilometres in diameter. It orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,465,000 km in 598.093 days. This orbit is at an inclination of 143° to the ecliptic (142° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2001.

It was named in August 2003 after Euanthe, who was the mother of the Graces, according to some Greek writers.

Euanthe is in the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Kalyke (moon)

Kalyke or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2000, and given the designation '.

Kalyke is about 5.2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,181,000 km in 721.021 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (165° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2140.

It was named in October 2002 after the Greek mythological figure Kalyke or Calyce.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Megaclite (moon)

Megaclite or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Megaclite is about 5.4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,687,000 km in 792.437 days, at an inclination of 150° to the ecliptic (148° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.308.

It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite, mother by Zeus (Jupiter) of Thebe and Locrus (although both of these are assigned a different father by other authors).

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Emerald (color)

Emerald is a color that is a shade of green. It is light and bright, with a faint bluish cast. The name comes from the color of emerald.

The first written use of "emerald" as a color name in English was in 1598.

Emerald are highly transparent color . This color is evenly distributed, with no eye-visible color zoning. 



Isonoe (moon)

Isonoe or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Isonoe is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,833,000 km in 751.647 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (169° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.166.

It was named in October 2002 after Isonoe, one of the Danaides in Greek mythology, and a lover of Zeus (Jupiter).

Isonoe belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

André-Marie Ampère

André-Marie Ampère (20 January 1775 – 10 June 1836) was a French physicist or a mathematician who helped discover electromagnetism. An electrical unit called the ampere is named after him.

Ampere was born in France in 1775. During his childhood, Ampere's father taught him Latin, until he found out that his son was talented in mathematical studies. However, young Ampere continued his study on Latin, so that he could understand and master the works of Euler and Bernoulli. In his later life, Ampere began to distinguish himself in mathematics, but also he studied history, travels, poetry, philosophy, and the natural sciences.

During the French Revolution, a great sorrow came to Ampere's life; he lost his father who was executed by revolutionaries. The death of his father brought a huge impact to Ampere.
In 1796, he met the daughter of a blacksmith living near Lyon named Julie Carron, and married her in 1799. Afterward, Ampere worked as a professor in Lyon, giving lessons in mathematics, chemistry, languages, and physics. He continued working as a professor even after the death of his wife in 1803. However, her death bothered Ampere for the rest of his life. Ampere died at Marseille and buried in the Cimetiere de Montmartre, Paris. In his work "Journal et correspondence", we can see his amiability and childlike simplicity of character.

Ampere is most known for establishing the relationship between electricity and magnetism, and combining them into a new field called electromagnetism, or electrodynamics. On September 11, 1820, Ampere heard from the discovery of H.C.Orsted that a magnetic needle can be activated by a voltaic current. Only a week later, he came up with a much more advanced version of that kindred phenomena. It was such an amazing development. On the same day, he also discovered like charges repel and different charges come towards each other.


Cyllene (moon)

Cyllene or ', is a moon of Jupiter. A team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 found it. Its designation is '.

Cyllene is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,396,000 km in 731.099 days, at an inclination of 140° to the ecliptic (140° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.4116.

It was named in March 2005 after Cyllene, a naiad (stream nymph) or oread (mountain nymph) associated with Mount Kyllini, Greece. She was a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Cyllene belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Dive bomber

A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives towards the ground so it can get very close to its targets so that it is more likely to hit them. This can also limit the chance of anti-aircraft fire hitting the plane.

Diving nearly vertically at the target, the aircraft will release the bombs very close to the target at high speed. This allows a dive bomber to drop bombs accurately on a relatively small target, or a moving target quite easily. Dive bombers were widely used to attack high value targets such as ships and bridges. This also had the advantage of attacking ships at a weak spot. A ship's armour was heaviest near the water. On the top of the ship, however, either the armour was very thin, or there was no armour at all. Also, dive bombing allowed relatively small aeroplanes carrying a limited bomb load to do more damage than usual.

Because of better bombsights and better anti-aircraft warfare after World War II, dive bombers were replaced by attack aircraft. 

Naters

Naters is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Birgisch and Mund merged into the municipality of Naters.


Ried-Brig

Ried-Brig is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Simplon

Simplon is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

A member of the Swiss Federal Council Josef Escher was born in Simplon.


Fiberglass

Fiberglass (also called fibreglass and glass fibre) is material made from extremely fine fibers of glass. 

Fibreglass is cheaper and more flexible than carbon fibre. It is stronger than many metals (when compared by weight), and can be moulded into complex shapes. The plastic matrix is usually a thermoset polymer – such as epoxy or polyester resin, or it may be a thermoplastic.

It is used as a reinforcing material for many polymer products. The composite material, that is produced by this method is called "fiberglass" in popular usage. The proper names are fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) or glass-reinforced plastic (GRP).

Glassmakers throughout history have experimented with glass fibers, but mass manufacture of fiberglass was only made possible when finer tools for machines were produced. The first major use was in "glass wool" for insulation, starting in the 1930s. 

Glass fiber is formed when silica-based or other formulation glass is extruded into many fibers with small diameters that are suitable for textile processing. Glass is unlike other polymers because, even as a fiber, it has little crystalline structure (see amorphous solid). The properties of the structure of glass in its soft stage are very much like its properties when spun into fiber. 

Fiberglass is used in sail planes, sport cars, and wind turbine blades. It is also used in buildings where a lightweight material is needed. It is used to protect RF antennas and electric circuits.

Bare fiberglass can cause skin irritation and cuts when handled without gloves. There have been concerns that fiberglass can be accidentally inhaled into the lungs, where it might cause cancer and other lung problems, similar to asbestos. Fiberglass has been called "man-made asbestos". Substitutes for fiberglass building insulation, such as cellulose and aerogel, have started to appear.



Composite material

Composite materials are made from two or more basic material. They are not just placed together. They are merged together. This create a material with "useful properties unlike the individual elements".

The composite material as a whole may behave differently from either of its parts. For example, reinforced concrete (made of concrete and steel) has resistance to pressure and to bending forces. Bullet-proof glass (made of glass and plastic) is far more resistant to impact than either glass or plastic on their own.

Concrete itself is a composite material. It is one of the oldest man-made composites, used more than any other man-made material in the world.

Wood is a natural composite of cellulose fibres in a matrix of lignin. The earliest man-made composite materials were straw and mud combined to form bricks for building construction. This ancient brick-making process was documented by Egyptian tomb paintings. It is still used today in some places.

Fibre-reinforced polymers are in wide use today, as is glass-reinforced plastic.

The Biblical book of Exodus tells of the Israelites that were oppressed by Pharaoh and forced to make ""bricks without straw"". 



Fibre

A fibre (also spelled as fiber) is a piece of material which is long, thin and flexible, like a length of thread. Plant fibres are the basis of fabric such as cotton. Silk and wool fibres come from animals. In the 20th century many artificial fibres were invented like nylon and polyester.

They are very important in the structure of plants and animals, because they hold tissues together.

There are many uses for fibres. They can be spun together into filaments, thread, string or rope. They can be woven in fabric or in composite materials

Natural fibers include those made by plants, animals, and geological processes. They can be classified according to where they came from:


Man-made are fibers that are changed by man. Man-made fibers consist of regenerated fibers and synthetic fibers.

Semi-synthetic fibers are made from raw materials with natural long-chain polymer structures. They are only changed and partially degraded by chemical processes. The first semi-synthetic fiber is rayon. Most semi-synthetic fibers are cellulose regenerated fibers.

Cellulose fibers are a type of man-made fibers, regenerated from natural cellulose. The cellulose comes from many sources: rayon comes from tree wood fiber, bamboo fiber comes from bamboo, seacell comes from seaweed, etc.

Some examples of this type of fiber are:


Synthetic fibers come from synthetic materials such as petrochemicals.

Metallic fibers can be gotten from ductile metals such as copper, gold or silver and extruded or deposited from more brittle ones, such as nickel, aluminum or iron.

Carbon fibers are fibers that are mostly made up of carbon atoms. Carbon fibers are often based on oxidizing carbonized polymers through pyrolysis like PAN.

In silicon carbide fibers the basic polymers are not hydrocarbons but polymers. About 50% of the carbon atoms are replaced by silicon atoms.

Fiberglass are also man-made fibers that come from natural raw materials. It is made from a specific type glass, and optical fiber, which is made from purified natural quartz.



Fibre-reinforced polymer

A fibre-reinforced polymer (also fibre-reinforced plastic ("FRP")) is a composite material that consists of a polymer matrix that is reinforced with fibres. The fibres are usually fibreglass, carbon, or aramid, the polymer is usually an epoxy, vinylester or polyester thermosetting plastic. FRPs are commonly used in the aerospace, automobile, marine, and construction industries.



Carbon fiber reinforced plastic

Carbon fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP or CRP), is a very strong, light and expensive composite material or fiber-reinforced plastic. Similar to glass-reinforced plastic, one uses commonly the name of its reinforcing fibers (carbon fiber) for the composite material. The plastic is most often epoxy, but other plastics, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used. Some composites contain both carbon fiber and other fibres such as kevlar, aluminium and fiberglass reinforcement. Less commonly, the terms graphite-reinforced plastic or graphite fiber reinforced plastic (GFRP) are also used.

It has many applications in aerospace and automotive fields, as well as in sailboats, and notably in modern bicycles and motorcycles, where these qualities are of importance. It is becoming increasingly common in small consumer goods as well, such as laptop computers, tripods, fishing rods, paintball equipment, racquet sports frames, stringed instrument bodies, classical guitar strings, and drum shells.



Carbon fiber

Carbon fiber (British English: carbon fibre) is a type of fiber that is made of carbon atoms. It is also sometimes called graphite fiber. It has the highest compressive strength of all the reinforcing materials (composites), and it has a high strength to weight ratio and low coefficient of thermal expansion. The density of carbon fiber is also much lower than the density of steel. Carbon fiber is in the form of several thousand long, thin strands of material that is composed of mostly carbon atoms.

Carbon fiber is most notably used to reinforce composite materials, particularly carbon fiber reinforced polymers. Reinforced carbon-carbon (RCC) is used structurally in high-temperature applications. The fiber is also used to filter high-temperature gases.

Molding a thin layer of carbon fibers significantly improves fire resistance of polymers or thermoset composites. This works because a dense, compact layer of carbon fibers efficiently reflects heat.

The increasing use of carbon fiber composites is displacing aluminum from aerospace applications in favor of other metals.



Coefficient

In mathematics, a coefficient is a constant multiplicative factor of a certain object. For example, the coefficient in "9x" is "9". A coefficient can also be a variable such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3. 

The object can be such things as a variable, a vector, a function, etc. In some cases, the objects and the coefficients are indexed similarly, leading to expressions such as:
where "a" is the coefficient of the variable "x" for each "n" = 1, 2, 3, …


Coefficient (disambiguation)

Coefficient could have one of the following meanings: 

Also,

Enrico Fermi

Enrico Fernando Fermi (September 29, 1901 — November 28, 1954) was an Italian-American physicist who worked on the first nuclear reactor and helped make quantum theory. He also was important to particle physics, and statistical mechanics. Fermi won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1938 for his work on induced radioactivity. He built the world's first nuclear reactor. Fermi also worked on the Manhattan Project. Fermi was one of the greatest scientists of the 20th century.

Fermi was born in Rome and went to a local grammar school. He was very good at maths and science and won a prize from Scuola Normale Superiore of Pisa. He went to the University of Pisa where he studied physics. In 1923 he was given a scholarship from the Italian government and went to Göttingen for more study. He was given a Rockefeller scholarship in 1924 and studied in Leyden. He came back to Italy at the end of 1924 and became Lecturer in Mathematical Physics and Mechanics at the University of Florence.

In 1926, Fermi discovered the statistical laws, now called Fermi statistics. These laws explain the actions of the particles which are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle, which are now called fermions. These are different to the particles called bosons which are explained by Bose-Einstein statistics. In 1927 he became Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Rome. He spent time studying electrodynamics, and began to closely look at the atomic nucleus. In 1934, using discoveries made by Wolfgang Pauli, Frédéric Joliot, Irène Joliot-Curie, he was able to show changes in almost every element bombarded with neutrons. This led to the discovery of slow neutrons, nuclear fission and making elements that were not in the Periodic Table. 

Fermi moved from Italy to the United States after winning the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1938 because Italy’s leader Benito Mussolini was close to Adolf Hitler, and Fermi’s wife and children were Jews.

Fermi worked at Columbia University where he studied Nuclear fission, which is to say how atoms break apart and he then moved to Chicago where he built a Nuclear reactor in 1942. Then Dr. Julius Robert Oppenheimer got Fermi to work with him on the Manhattan Project and Fermi helped Oppenheimer and the others to build an Atomic bomb. It was used against Japan at the end of the Second world war. 

Fermi expressed his concerns about the dangers of nuclear energy at one of the meetings of the University of Chicago before the end of the WWII.

In the 1950s, Fermi and Dr. Edward Teller, Dr. Herbert York and Dr. Emil Konopinski talked about how according to statistics it makes no sense for Extraterrestrial life not to exist. So Fermi asked “Where is everybody?” This is called the Fermi paradox, the idea that if aliens exist then we should have seen them but it doesn’t make sense for aliens not to exist either. Scientists today still wonder and argue about what the answer to the Fermi Paradox is. 

Physical coefficient

A physical coefficient is an important number that characterizes some physical property of a technical or scientific object.


Coefficient of thermal expansion

Solids mostly expand in response to heating and contract on cooling. This response to temperature change is expressed as its coefficient of thermal expansion.

The coefficient of thermal expansion is used:

These characteristics are closely related. The volumetric thermal expansion coefficient can be measured for all substances of condensed matter (liquids and solid state). The linear thermal expansion can only be measured in the solid state and is common in engineering applications.

The expansion and contraction of material must be considered when designing large structures, when using tape or chain to measure distances for land surveys, when designing molds for casting hot material, and in other engineering applications when large changes in dimension due to temperature are expected. The range for α is from 10 for hard solids to 10 for organic liquids. α varies with the temperature and some materials have a very high variation. Some values for common materials, given in parts per million per Celsius degree: (NOTE: This can also be in kelvins as the changes in temperature are a 1:1 ratio)

For applications using the thermal expansion property, see bi-metal and mercury thermometer

Thermal expansion is also used in mechanical applications to fit parts over one another, e.g. a bushing can be fitted over a shaft by making its inner diameter slightly smaller than the diameter of the shaft, then heating it until it fits over the shaft, and allowing it to cool after it has been pushed over the shaft, thus achieving a 'shrink fit'

There exist some alloys with a very small CTE, used in applications that demand very small changes in physical dimension over a range of temperatures. One of these is Invar 36, with a coefficient in the 0.6x10 range. These alloys are useful in aerospace applications where wide temperature swings may occur.


Surveying

Surveying is the technique and science of accurately finding out the position of points and the distances and angles between them. These points are usually, but not always, associated with positions on the surface of the Earth. They are often used to make land maps and boundaries for ownership of land. A person who does the surveying is called a surveyor. In order to find the information they need, surveyors use geometry, engineering, trigonometry, mathematics, physics, geology and law.

Surveying has been very important in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history (ca. 5000 years ago) and it is a requirement planning of nearly every form of construction. Its most common uses are in the fields of transport, building and construction, communications, mapping, and the making of legal boundaries for land ownership.

Surveying has existed throughout much of our history. In ancient Egypt, when the Nile River overflowed its banks and washed out farm boundaries, the boundaries were recreated by surveyors using simple geometry. The construction of the pyramids, including the Great Pyramids of Giza (built c. 2700 BC) show us that the Ancient Egyptians used surveying efficiently.

A surveyor is a person who has the skills to accurately find out the position of points and the distances and angles between them. These points are usually, positions on the surface of the Earth. Finding these points is called "surveying". Surveyors are needed to make land maps and boundaries for ownership of land. In order to find the information they need, surveyors use geometry, engineering, trigonometry, mathematics, physics, and law.

There are different types of surveyor. A construction or building surveyor is the person who has to make sure that buildings are being put up in the correct place and fit in with planning and building laws. A quantity surveyor is the person who keeps track of costs on a building project. A hydrographic surveyor measures features to do with water, such as rivers, lakes and oceans. A marine surveyor inspects ships. A mine surveyor is the person who finds out the position of underground mines, for example gold mines or coal mines.




Jorge Manrique

Jorge Manrique (c. 1440 – 1479) was a major Spanish poet, whose main work, the "Coplas a la muerte de su padre (Stanzas about the Death of his Father)", is still read today. He was a supporter of the great Spanish queen, Isabel I of Castile, and actively participated on her side in the civil war that broke out against her half-brother, Enrique IV, when the latter attempted to make his daughter, Juana, crown princess. Jorge died in 1479 during an attempt to take the castle of Garcimuñoz after Isabel gained the crown.

Manrique were one of major Spanish aristocratic families of the Jewish converso descent. See, Norman Roth, "Conversos, Inquisition, and the Expulsion of the Jews from Spain", Madison, WI: The University of Wisconcin Press, 1995, p. 333. Jorge Manrique was a great-nephew of Iñigo López de Mendoza (marquess of Santillana), a descendant of Pero López de Ayala, chancellor of Castile, and a nephew of Gómez Manrique, "corregidor" of Toledo, all important poets of the late fourteenth and fifteenth centuries. He was, therefore, a member of a noble family of great consequence.

Minutes to Midnight

Minutes to Midnight is third studio album by American nu metal band, Linkin Park. Production on the album started as early as late 2003, and initially had a projected release date of sometime in late 2004 or early 2005, but was scrapped due to touring and support of their previous album, Meteora, then prouduction started back up in 2006. It was released on May 14, 2007 all over the world and on May 15, 2007 in North America. Rick Rubin and Mike Shinoda produced the album.

The name "Minutes to Midnight" comes from the Doomsday Clock.





Thelxinoe (moon)

Thelxinoe or ' is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2004 from pictures taken in 2003, and originally got the designation '.

Thelxinoe is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,454,000 km in 597.607 days, at an inclination of 151° to the ecliptic (153° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2685.

It was named in March 2005 after Thelxinoe, one of the four original Muses according to some Greek writers, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter) by Mnemosyne.

Thelxinoe belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Oskar Lafontaine

Oskar Lafontaine (; born 16 September 1943 in Saarlouis-Roden) is a left-wing German politician and a founder member of the new political party "Die Linke".

Lafontaine studied physics at the Bonn University and the Saarland University from 1962 to 1969.

He is Roman Catholic and is married to Christa Müller who leads a campaign against genital mutilation in Africa. They have a son, Carl Maurice, born 1997.

Lafontaine's political career began locally as mayor of Saarbrücken. He became widely known as a critic of chancellor Helmut Schmidt's support for the NATO plan to put Pershing II missiles in Germany. From 1985 to 1998 he was Minister-President of the Saarland. As minister-president, Lafontaine tried to keep the traditional industries of steel production and coal mining in the state with subsidies. He was also President of the Bundesrat in 1992/93.

In the German federal election of 1990, Lafonntaine was the SPD's Chancellor candidate. The party lost because of support for the CDU who were the government during reunification. During the campaign he was attacked with a knife by a mentally deranged woman after a speech in Cologne. His carotid artery was slashed and he remained in a critical condition for several days.

At the "Mannheim convention" in 1995, Lafontaine was elected chairman of the SPD, replacing Rudolf Scharping. He was mainly responsible for bringing the whole of the SPD against Helmut Kohl and his CDU party, instead of cooperating with the CDU. Lafontaine said that any help given to Kohl would only help to keep the CDU in government.

This idea put the SPD ahead in the opinion polls in September 1998. He was appointed Federal Minister of Finance in the first government of Gerhard Schröder.

During his short time as Minister of Finance, Lafontaine was a figure of attack by UK Eurosceptics. This was especially because he wanted to make taxes the same in the European Union. This would have meant some UK taxes would increase.

On 11 March 1999, he resigned from all his official and party offices, saying that not getting any help from other members of the cabinet. Later he become known for his attacks against Angela Merkel's government in the tabloid Bild-Zeitung which is generally considered conservative.

On 24 May 2005 Lafontaine left the SPD. On 10 June, he said he would run as the lead candidate for The Left Party.PDS (Die Linkspartei), a coalition of the Electoral Alternative for Labour and Social Justice (WASG), which is based in western Germany, and the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS), which was the successor to the East German communist party

He joined the WASG on 18 June 2005 and was selected to head their list for the 2005 Federal Election in North Rhine-Westphalia on the same day. He also stood in the Saarbrücken constituency, but lost. Nevertheless, the result of the Linkspartei in the Saarland was the best in any of the federal states in the West of Germany.

An article by Lafontaine on Erich Honecker, state and party leader of the GDR and a Saarländer like him, in the magazine Der Spiegel was criticized by many people who said it concentrated on a few good things Honecker did, and ignored the bad things. In the late 80s and early 90s he lost some support from left-wing people because he seemed to want pro-business policies and he called for a reduction of the influx of Germans from Eastern Europe and asylum-seekers.


Oskar LaFontaine: "The Heart Beats on the Left" Polity, 

Group (periodic table)

A group is any column on the periodic table. Elements in the same group usually have similar properties, because they have the same number of electrons in the outermost electron shell. There are eight main groups of elements, numbered 1, 2, and 13-18. The other ten groups are transition metals:


See Alkali metal

The most reactive metals are Lithium (Li), Sodium (Na), Potassium (K), Rubidium (Rb), Cesium (Cs), and Francium (Fr) 

See Alkaline earth metal. They are Beryllium (Be), Magnesium (Mg), Calcium (Ca), Strontium (Sr), Barium (Ba), Radium (Ra) 

See Transition metals. Transition Metals are the most number of elements in the periodic table. They are Iron (Fe), Copper (Cu), Zinc (Zn), Chromium (Cr), Cobalt (Co), Nickel (Ni), Manganese (Mn), Mercury (Hg), Scandium (Sc), Titanium (Ti), Vanadium (V), Silver (Ag), Gold (Au), Cadmium (Cd), Tungsten (W), Platinum (Pt), Yttrium (Y), Molybdenum (Mo) and others.

The noble gases are the 18th group in the periodic table. They are Helium (He), Neon (Ne), Argon (Ar), Krypton (Kr), Xenon (Xe), and Radon (Rn). They were previously called Inert gases.

Differential coefficient

In mathematics, differential coefficient is a term out of use now. The former "differential coefficient" of a function "f"("x") is now called its derivative "df"("x")/"dx". It is the (not necessarily constant) multiplicative factor or "coefficient" of the differential "dx" in the differential "df"("x"). 

The differential coefficient of "f" is a constant function only if "f" is a linear function.

Early editions of Silvanus P. Thompson's "Calculus Made Easy" use the older term. In his 1998 update of this text, Martin Gardner puts "derivative" instead of "differential coefficient". He speaks of it only in context with Thompson's criticism of the term.

Period (periodic table)

A period in the periodic table is any horizontal row of elements. 

Each elements in the same period has one more proton than the one to its left. This means its atomic number is one number higher. The elements in the same period are very metallic on the left and nonmetallic on the right. The smaller atoms are on the left and the larger ones are on the right because the atoms have more protons and electrons.

The first period has 2 elements, hydrogen and helium. The second period and third period each have 8 elements. The fourth period and fifth period each have 18 elements. The sixth period and seventh period each have 32 elements. F-block elements are counted in the sixth and seventh periods. Hence, each one has 32 elements in it.

<br>



Atomic orbital

Atomic orbitals are the places surrounding the nucleus of an atom where the electrons are most likely to be at any given time. It is a mathematical function that describes the wave-like behavior of either one electron or a pair of electrons in an atom.

The word 'orbital' is used because it was thought that electrons behaved similarly to the solar system, where the nucleus is like the sun and the electrons orbit like the planets. 

The number of atomic orbitals in an element is defined by the period the element is in. Electrons move between orbitals depending on how much energy they have and how many other electrons there are.

In atomic theory and quantum mechanics, an atomic orbital is a quantum number. Each such orbital can be occupied by one or two electrons. The way orbitals are arranged is related to the electron configurations of atoms. They were derived from descriptions provided by early spectroscopists of certain alkali metal spectroscopic lines as being sharp, principal, diffuse, and fundamental.


Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf

Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by joining together the old boroughs of Charlottenburg and Wilmersdorf.
It has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 315,200 inhabitants.
Its current mayor is Monika Thiemen (SPD).

The Technical University of Berlin (Technische Universität Berlin), the Berlin University of the Arts (Universität der Künste), the opera (Deutsche Oper Berlin), the Charlottenburg Palace and the Olympic Stadium are located in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf.



Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg

Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is a borough of Berlin. It is a new borough, only made in 2001 by joining the old boroughs of Friedrichshain and Kreuzberg.
It occupies and has a population of about 255,200 as of 2003.

Its current mayor is Franz Schulz (Green Party).


Lichtenberg-Hohenschönhausen

Lichtenberg is a borough of Berlin, Germany. In 2001 it took over the old borough of Hohenschönhausen. Lichtenberg now has an area of and a population (as of 2003) of about 260,200 inhabitants.

The present mayor of the borough is Christina Emmrich (Die Linke).

Lichtenberg contains the Tierpark Berlin, the larger of Berlin's two zoological parks. Lichtenberg was also the site of the headquarters of the Stasi, the East German intelligence service. The complex is now a museum.

The Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial is on the site of the main prison of the Stasi.


Proteaceae

Proteaceae is a family of flowering plants. Mainly restricted to the Southern Hemisphere, it is a fairly large family, with around 80 genera but fewer than 2000 species. Together with the Platanaceae and Nelumbonaceae they make up the order Proteales.

Traditionally divided in two subfamilies:Persoonioideae and Grevilleoideae. Recently, workers have recognized seven subfamilies: 


Marzahn-Hellersdorf

Marzahn-Hellersdorf is one of the 12 new boroughs of Berlin. It was created in 2001 when the old boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf were merged (joined together).

Marzahn-Hellersdorf is in northeast Berlin. It has borders with Lichtenberg in the west, Treptow-Köpenick in the south and the state of Brandenburg in the east and north.

The borough contains of five former villages: Biesdorf, Hellersdorf, Kaulsdorf, Mahlsdorf and Marzahn, which became part of Berlin in 1920.

Marzahn-Hellersdorf has several twin towns:


Billionaire

A billionaire is a person who has a net worth of at least one billion (1,000,000,000) units of currency. This is usually used for major currencies with large values, like Pound Sterlings £, American dollars $, or Euros €.

In March 2021, there were 2,755 people in the world who were considered to be billionaires (in United States dollars).

Every year, the American business magazine Forbes, and its website, releases a list of billionaires called "The World's Billionaires".


Neukölln

Neukölln is a borough of Berlin. It has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 307,400 inhabitants and one of the highest percentage of foreigners in Berlin.
Its current mayor is Heinz Buschkowsky (SPD).

When it was first mentioned in 1360, the village was called "Richardsdorf" and owned by the Order of St. John

The coat of arms of the borough has a Maltese cross to remember this part of its history.

In 1737, Frederick William I of Prussia let Moravians from Bohemia settle in the area. They built their own church and houses off the village centre along the road to Berlin, which is now called "Richardstraße". The new Bohemian village was granted its own constitution in 1797.

When both parts of the village were reunited in 1874, the population was 8,000 inhabitants. It had nearly doubled, to 15,000 by the next year.

On 1 May 1899 the area, then the largest village of Prussia, became an independent city and got its current name in 1912. Its independence ended in 1920, when it was made part of Greater Berlin . Between 1966 and 1975, the "Gropiusstadt" was built. This city-within-a-city was designed by architect Walter Gropius. Gropius was the last director of the Bauhaus school of arts and architecture, which set up in Berlin when it moved from Dessau. Gropiusstadt has over 60,000 inhabitants.

Actress Mady Rahl and Lotte Ulbricht, wife of East German leader Walter Ulbricht, were born in Neukölln.




Pankow

Pankow [] is one of the new borough of Berlin. In 2001, the old borough of Pankow was merged (joined) with the former boroughs of Prenzlauer Berg and Weißensee.

It has an area of and about 347,100 inhabitants. Pankow's current mayor is Matthias Koehne (SPD).

Between 1945 and 1960 many members of the government of East Germany lived in the Majakowskiring district of Pankow. Western writers often called Pankow capital of East Germany, or used Pankow as shorthand for the East German government.

The Rykestrasse Synagogue Germany's largest synagogue, is located in the Prenzlauer Berg neighbourhood of the Pankow district.


Reinickendorf

Reinickendorf is a borough of Berlin. It has an area of and has, as of December 31 2003, 246,577 inhabitants.

Reinickendorf was created in 1920 by the Greater Berlin Act, and was not changed in the borough reforms of 2001.

Its current mayor is Marlies Wanjura (CDU).

Reinickendorf is split in ten parts:

The last elections for the BVV (elections for the representatives in the boroughs parliament) were in October 2001.



Pasithee (moon)

Pasithee or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Pasithee is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,307,000 km in 726.933 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3289.

It was named in August 2003 after Pasithee, one of the Charites, goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity and fertility, daughters of Zeus (Jupiter) by Eurynome. Pasithee, better known as Aglaea, is the spouse of Hypnos (Sleep) and presides to hallucinations and hallucinogens.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Steglitz-Zehlendorf

Steglitz-Zehlendorf is a borough of Berlin. It was formed in 2001 when the former boroughs of Steglitz and Zehlendorf were joined together.

Steglitz-Zehlendorf has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 288,300 inhabitants. Its current mayor is Norbert Kopp (CDU).



Thrillville

Thrillville is a PlayStation 2, Xbox and PlayStation Portable video game. It was made by LucasArts and Frontier Developments. Players make their own theme park. They make roller coasters, game stalls, rides, race tracks and food and drink shops. 

Uncle Mortimer, a strange scientist, puts the player in charge of Thrillville. It is a large theme park with roller coasters, games, rides, and racetracks. The player then picks a character. The character can be moved through each theme park. He must try to finish missions in the theme park before he can move on to the next one.

Garrison, another theme park owner, has his own theme park called Globo-joy. Globo-joy competes against Thrillville. The player must do difficult tasks to make Thrillville the best theme park.

Thrillville has many minigames that can be played in the theme park, or with up to four other players.


Thrillville: Off the Rails was the second game of the series. It came out in 2007 for the PlayStation 2, Wii, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and Microsoft Windows. "Off the Rails" allows roller coasters to crash. It also added more minigames, characters with conversation skills amd more options. Off the Rails also added many songs including "Parklife" by Blur and "Smile (Lily Allen song)" by Lily Allen.

a unnamed Thrillville game is in the works for Xbox one, PlayStation 6 and Nintendo switch, set to be released in 2025.
Volvo

Volvo is a Swedish car and truck maker founded in 1927. It has the following two divisions:


Volvo is now the leading producer in what most people would call safe family cars.

One of the Volvo's cars, the Volvo S60 is used by police departments in some parts of Europe and the United Kingdom.

In March 2010, Ford signed a deal to sell "Volvo Cars" to the Chinese automaker Geely for $1.8 billion. Volvo cars has is making all of it's cars zero emission by the year 2030.


Tempelhof-Schöneberg

Tempelhof-Schöneberg is one of the new borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by merging the old boroughs of Tempelhof and Schöneberg.

Tempelhof-Schöneberg has an area of and has, as of November 2004, about 335.000 inhabitants. Its current mayor is Ekkehard Band (SPD).


Treptow-Köpenick

Treptow-Köpenick is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of Treptow and Köpenick.

Treptow-Köpenick has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 233,700 inhabitants. It's current mayor is Gabriele Schöttler (SPD).

Platanaceae

Platanaceae is a family of flowering plants. The family has only one genus "platanus". This genus has six to ten species of tall trees. The trees grow naturally in temperate and subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere. In all species, the flowers grow in dense groups of small flowers. The fruits are small achenes with hairs near the base.

Microsoft Office Online

Microsoft Office Online is the website of Microsoft Office. It has images, articles, templates, downloads and other attractions.

By November 2004, Microsoft Office Online received over 52 million visitors, with over 746 million page views, ranking it in the top 100 sites worldwide.


Visual Studio Tools for Office

Visual Studio Tools for Office (Sometime written as "VSTO") is an add-on product for Microsoft's Visual Studio product that enables developers to create applications using Microsoft Office. 


Callirrhoe (moon)

Callirrhoe or ', is one of Jupiter's farthest named moons. It was found by Spacewatch on October 6, 1999 and originally designated as an asteroid (). It was found to be in orbit around Jupiter by Tim Spahr on July 18, 2000, and then given the designation '.

Callirrhoe is about 8.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,356,000 km in 776.543 days, at an inclination of 141° to the ecliptic (140° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.264.

It was named in October 2002 after Callirhoe, daughter of the river god Achelous, one of Zeus' (Jupiter's) many conquests.

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

As a navigation exercise, the New Horizons spacecraft imaged it on January 10, 2007.

Mneme (moon)

Mneme or , is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2003, and was designated S/2003 J 21.
Mneme is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,427,000 km in 640.769 days, at an inclination of 149° to the ecliptic (148° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2214.

It was named in March 2005 after Mneme, one of the three original Muses. She is sometimes confused with Mnemosyne, mother of the Muses (the three or the nine, depending on the author) by Zeus (Jupiter).

Mneme belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Lift coefficient

The lift coefficient ("C" or "C") is coefficient without a dimension that relates the lift generated by an airfoil, the dynamic pressure of the fluid flow around the airfoil, and the planform area of the airfoil. It may also be described as the ratio of lift pressure to dynamic pressure.

The lift coefficient is a dimensionless number.

Karl Dönitz

Karl Dönitz ( ; 16 September 1891 – 24 December 1980) was a German naval leader. He commanded the German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") during the second half of World War II. Dönitz was also President of Germany for 23 days after Adolf Hitler's suicide. For his role in World War II, Dönitz was referred to as "der Löwe" (the Lion).

Dönitz was born in Berlin. He entered the Imperial German Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") in 1911. During World War I, he served on surface ships. Later he was transferred to submarines (U-boats). He remained in the navy after the war and rose through the ranks of the German Navy of the Weimar Republic ("Reichsmarine") and the German Navy of the Third Reich ("Kriegsmarine"). He became a "Großadmiral". He served as Commander of Submarines ("Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote", "B.d.U."). Later, he became Commander-in-Chief of the German Navy ("Oberbefehlshaber der Kriegsmarine"). He got this position, even though he never joined the Nazi Party. Under his command, the U-boat fleet fought the Second Battle of The Atlantic. He also served as "Reichspräsident" for 23 days after Adolf Hitler's suicide. He ended the war as a prisoner-of-war of the British.

After the war Dönitz was charged and convicted of "crimes against peace" and "war crimes" at the Nuremberg Trials. He served ten years in prison. He ordered the unrestricted submarine warfare which was done by Germany in the North Atlantic. With this, he caused Germany to be in breach of the Second London Naval Treaty of 1936.
At his trial, evidence was shown that the Allies had acted similarly. For this reason, this breach of international law had no impact on his sentence. After his release from prison, Dönitz moved to Aumühle, a small village near Hamburg. During his later years, he wrote two autobiographies. In them, he covered different periods in his life. He died of a heart attack on Christmas Eve, 1980.

Helike (moon)

Helike or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and given the designation '.

Helike is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,540,000 km in 601.402 Earth days, at an inclination of 155° to the ecliptic (156° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1375.

It was named in March 2005 after Helike, one of the nymphs that nurtured Zeus (Jupiter) in his infancy on Crete.

Helike belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Turbulence

Turbulence or turbulent flow is violent, unsteady, chaotic movement of fluids like air and water. It is contrasted with laminar flow. Most motion of fluids in real life (outside laboratories) is turbulent.

Praxidike (moon)

Praxidike or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Praxidike orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,824,000 km in 613.904 days, at an inclination of 144° to the ecliptic (143° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1840.

It was named in August 2003 after Praxidike, the Greek goddess of punishment.

Praxidike belongs to the Ananke group, believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid. With an estimated diameter of 7 km, Praxidike is the second biggest member of the group after Ananke itself (assumed albedo of 0.04)

The moon appears grey similar to C-type asteroids.



Great Dark Spot

The No. 1989 Great Dark Spot (also known as GDS-89) was a dark spot on Neptune similar in appearance to Jupiter's Great Red Spot. It was discovered in 1989 by NASA's "Voyager 2" probe. Although it appears similar to Jupiter's spot, which is an anticyclonic storm (this is like a hurricane), it is believed that the Great Dark Spot is an atmospheric hole similar to the hole in Earth's ozone layer.

However, the insides of Great Dark Spots are mostly cloud-free, and unlike Jupiter's spot, which has lasted for hundreds of years, their lifetimes appear to be much shorter, forming and disappearing once every few years or so. Based on pictures taken by Voyager and since then with the Hubble Space Telescope, Neptune appears to spend a little bit more than half its time with a Great Dark Spot. 

The dark, elliptically-shaped spot (with initial dimensions of 13,000 × 6,600 km, or 8,100 × 4,100 mi) was about the same size as Earth, and was similar looking to Jupiter's Great Red Spot. Around the Great Dark Spot, winds were measured blowing up to 2,400 kilometers (1,500 miles) an hour, the fastest in the Solar System. The Great Dark Spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune. The spot was seen at different times with different sizes and shapes. 

The Great Dark Spot generated large white clouds at or just below the tropopause layer similar to high-altitude cirrus clouds found on Earth. Unlike the clouds on Earth, however, which are made of mostly crystals of ice, Neptune's clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. And while Neptune's clouds usually form and then disappear within a period of a few hours, the clouds in the Great Dark Spot were still present after 36 hours, or two rotations of the planet.

Neptune's dark spots are thought to happen in the troposphere at lower heights (or altitudes) than the brighter upper cloud deck features. As they are stable features that can last for several months, they are thought to be vortex structures.

When pictures were going to be taken of the Great Dark Spot again in November 1994 by the Hubble Space Telescope, it had gone away completely, leaving astronomers to believe that it had either been covered up or that it had just disappeared. The persistence of companion clouds shows that some former dark spots may continue to exist as cyclones even though they are no longer able to be seen as a dark feature. Dark spots may disappear when they move too close to the equator or possibly through some other unknown way.

However, a new spot that looked very much like the old spot appeared in Neptune's northern hemisphere. This new spot, called the Northern Great Dark Spot (NGDS), has remained able to be seen for several years.



Supersonic

The term supersonic is used to describe a speed that is over the speed of sound (Mach 1). At a normal temperature like 70 degrees Fahrenheit (21.1 °C), the speed needed for something to be traveling at a faster than sound speed is about 344 m/s, 1,129 ft/s, 770 mph or 1,238 km/h. Speeds faster than 5 times the speed of sound are sometimes called hypersonic. Speeds where only some parts of the air around an object (like the propeller) reach supersonic speeds are called transonic (normally somewhere between Mach 0.8 and Mach 1.2).

Whips have operated supersonically for many centuries. Artillery became supersonic in the 19th century.

It can be very hard to reach supersonic speeds, because drag increases a lot near these speeds. This slows a plane, and for years made control difficult. These problems were called the "sound barrier". Jet engines and other developments solved the problems in the middle 20th century.

Small Dark Spot

The Small Dark Spot, sometimes also called Dark Spot 2 or The Wizard's Eye, was a southern cyclonic storm on the planet Neptune. It was the second strongest storm on the planet in 1989, when Voyager 2 flew by the planet. When first discovered, it was a dark cyclonic storm. As Voyager 2 approached the planet, a bright core of cloud activity developed. It disappeared in 1994.

Aitne (moon)

Aitne or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2001, and given the designation '.

Aitne is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,285,000 km in 679.641 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.393.

It was named in August 2003 after Aitna or Aitne, the divine personification of Mount Etna, whose sons by Zeus (Jupiter) are the Palici, the twin sicilian gods of geysers (other authors have them descend from Thalia and/or Hephaistos).

Aitne belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

William Lassell

William Lassell (18 June 1799 – 5 October 1880) was a British astronomer, born in Bolton, Lancashire, England. He died in Maidenhead in 1880. He is known as discoverer of Triton, the largest moon of Neptune, and for his improvements to the reflecting telescope. 

Roche limit

The Roche limit (), or Roche radius, is a planetary distance. 

Inside the Roche limit, orbiting material will form planetary rings. Outside the limit, material sticks together and forms satellites. 

The term is named after Édouard Roche, the French astronomer who first stated it in 1848.



Synchronous orbit

A synchronous orbit is an orbit in which an orbiting body (usually a satellite) has a period equal to the average rotational period of the body being orbited (usually a planet). Or in smaller words, the orbit above and the spinning planet below, go around once in the same amount of time. It orbits in the same direction of rotation as that body. So if you were on the orbiting body, you would always see the same side of the body being orbited. Or if you were on the body being orbited, the orbiting body would stay in the same part of the sky. Geostationary orbit is the most common kind.

François Arago

François Jean Dominique Arago (Catalan: Francesc Joan Dominic Aragó; February 26, 1786 – October 2, 1853) was a French mathematician, physicist, astronomer and politician.

S/2003 J 2

It seems to belong to a group all of its own, with a distant and retrograde orbit.

Santiago Rodríguez Province

Santiago Rodríguez is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the northwestern part of the country. Its capital city is San Ignacio de Sabaneta.

The province was created in 1948.

"Santiago Rodríguez" was an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. He is one of the founder of the city of Sabaneta. He was an important military leader during the initial stages of the "Restoration War" (1863-1865).

The town of San Ignacio de Sabaneta was founded in 1844 and it was made a municipality of the Santiago province in 1854 and then of the Monte Cristi Province province in 1879. In 1948, it became a province.

Monción was a municipality of Montecristi since 1907. In 1996, Villa Los Almácigos became a municipality.

Santiago Rodríguez is in the region known as "Línea Noroeste" ("Northwestern Line"). The province has the Monte Cristi and Valverde provinces to the north, the Santiago province to the east, the San Juan and Elías Piña provinces to the south and the Dajabón province to the west.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Santiago Rodríguez province, and 27,559 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 30th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 1,015,397 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Ignacio de Sabaneta, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 15,648 inhabitants.

The Santiago province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 22nd (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San Ignacio de Sabaneta, is above sea level.

The Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain") is in the southern part of the province, and the Sierra Samba (or Sierra Zamba), a chain of low hills, runs across the northern half.

The main rivers are Guayubín and Mao, both tributaries of the Yaque del Norte river.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler in the mountains.

There are 3 municipalities and none municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The only economic activity of importance is farming.

Eirene (moon)

Eirene is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003. It was called until 2019.

Eirene is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,974,000 km in 758.341 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (167° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.307.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Magnolia (tree)

Magnolia is a genus of about 210 to 340 species. 

The Angiosperm taxonomical names "Magnoliophyta" (division) and "Magnoliopsida" (class) come from this genus. Charles Plumier gave a flowering tree from the island of Martinique the genus name "Magnolia", after French botanist Pier Magnol.

"Magnolia" is an ancient genus. It appeared before bees evolved. The flowers are thought to have evolved by encouraging pollination by beetles.

To avoid damage from pollinating beetles, the carpels of "Magnolia" flowers are extremely tough. 

Many magnolias that have pretty flowers are used as street trees.

S/2003 J 4

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-19

The MiG-19 Farmer was a Soviet fighter aircraft made by Mikoyan. It first flew in 1953 and was introduced in 1955. It was meant to replace the older MiG-17 Fresco. During the Vietnam War, it was used a little by the North Vietnamese but not as much as the MiG-17 or MiG 21 Fishbed.

It had 3 30mm cannon, and could carry 4 bombsor rockets. It weighed 11,397 pounds (5,170 kilograms) empty and could weigh up to 19,621 pounds (8,900 kilograms) at the heaviest. It was powered by 2 Tumansky RD-9 jet engines, each had 7,165 pounds (3250 kilograms) of thrust with afterburner. It was 12 feet (3.6576 meters) high, had a wingspan of 29.5 feet (9 meters), and was 42 feet 11 in (13.1 meters) long. It could go 903 miles per hour (1,450 kilometers per hour), and was the first supersonic Soviet fighter.

Eventually, it was replaced by the newer MiG-21.


Camille Flammarion

Nicolas Camille Flammarion (February 26, 1842 – June 3, 1925) was a French astronomer and writer. He was usually credited as Camille Flammarion.

Herse (moon)

Herse is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman, "et al." in 2003 and called until 2009. 

Herse is about 2 kilometres in diameter and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,134,000 kms in 672.716 days, at an inclination of 162° to the ecliptic (161° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2379.

It is the closest member of the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 kms, at an inclination of about 165°.

Johann Gottfried Galle

Johann Gottfried Galle (9 June 1812 in Radis, Saxony-Anhalt–10 July 1910 in Potsdam, Brandenburg) was a German astronomer at the Berlin Observatory who, with the help of student Heinrich Louis d'Arrest, was the first person to view the planet Neptune, and know what he was looking at. He used the calculations of Urbain Le Verrier to know where to look.

Voyager program

The Voyager program is a space exploration program of the United States' NASA agency. It consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes, "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2". They were launched in 1977 to take advantage of a favorable planetary alignment of the late 1970s. Although they were officially used to study just Jupiter and Saturn, the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system. They have since continued out and exited the solar system. These probes were built at JPL and were funded by NASA.

Both missions have gathered large amounts of data about the gas giants of the solar system, of which little was known before. In addition, the spacecraft paths have been used to place limits on the existence of Planet X, a planet believed by some people to be farther from the Sun than Pluto.

In 2013, NASA announced that Voyager 1 had left the solar system (Heliosphere) on 25 August 2012. It is the first man-made object to enter interstellar space. In 2018, NASA announced that Voyager 2 had reached the heliopause on 5 November of that year. Both of them are now in travelling in the interstellar space. Voyager spacecraft are the farthest spacecraft from Earth. On February 17, 1998, Voyager 1 passed the first spacecraft that completed the 1st mission to Jupiter, Pioneer 10 in the distance to the Sun at 70 AU (6.5 billion miles, 10.5 billion km) from it as the farthest spacecraft from the Sun. Voyager 2 overtook Pioneer 10 in the distance to the Sun at 133.92 AU (12.447 billion miles, 20.03 billion km) from it on July 18, 2023 as the 2nd farthest spacecraft from the Sun.


Neptune Trojan

A Neptune Trojan is an asteroid which is in the same orbit as the planet Neptune. 

Their name comes from the Trojan asteroids which have the same orbital period as a planet. As of March 2007, there are six known Neptune Trojans. They lie in the elongated, curved region around the L Lagrangian point 60° ahead of Neptune. The six Neptune Trojans are , 385571 Otrera, , 385695 Clete, and .

The discovery of in a high inclination (>25°) orbit is significant because it suggests a ‘thick’ cloud of Trojans. It is believed that large (radius ≈ 100 km) Neptune Trojans could greatly outnumber the Jupiter Trojans. 

The New Horizons spacecraft passed through the L Neptune region in 2014. It was preparing to observe Pluto and did not observe any asteroids there.

Edward Guinan

Edward Guinan is currently a professor in Villanova University's Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. He and two colleagues discovered Neptune's ring system.

Occultation

An occultation is an event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer. A planet, for example, can pass in front of a star. Some occultations are eclipses. The word is often used in astronomy. It can also be used in a non-astronomical sense to describe when an object in the foreground "occults" (covers up) objects in the background.

Flattening

The flattening, ellipticity, or oblateness of an oblate spheroid is the "squashing" of the spheroid's pole, down towards its equator.

Adaptive optics

Adaptive optics is a technology to improve the performance of optical systems by reducing the effects of rapidly changing optical distortion. It is commonly used on astronomical telescopes to remove the effects of atmospheric distortion. 

Adaptive optical works by measuring the distortion and rapidly compensating for it either using deformable mirrors or material with variable refractive properties. While the idea was theoretically understood for some time, it was only advances in computer technology during the 1990s that finally made the technique practical. 

Adaptive optics should not be confused with active optics, which works on a longer timescale to correct the primary mirror geometry itself. The simplest form of adaptive optics is tip-tilt correction, which corresponds to correction of the tilts of the wavefront in two dimensions (equal to correction of the position offsets for the image). This is performed using a rapidly moving tip-tilt mirror which makes small rotations around two of its axes. 

A significant fraction of the distortion introduced by the atmosphere can be removed in this way. Tip-tilt mirrors are widely used in night time and solar telescopes, to correct the effect introduced by Earth's atmosphere on the light path and improve image quality. 

Tip-tilt mirrors are effectively segmented adaptive optics mirrors with only one segment which can tip and tilt, rather than having an array of multiple segments which can tip and tilt independently.


Optical depth

Optical depth is a measure of transparency. It is defined as the fraction of radiation (or light) that is scattered or absorbed on a path. One way of visualizing optical depth is to think of a fog. The fog between a person and an object that is immediately in front of them has an optical depth of zero. As the object moves away, the optical depth increases until it reaches a large value and the object is no longer visible.


Opacity

Opacity or opaque means something that is difficult to see through or perceive. It can also mean:


Xena: Warrior Princess

Xena: Warrior Princess is an Emmy Award-winning American cult television series. It was first shown from September 15, 1995 until June 18, 2001. The series was created in 1995 by writer-producers Robert Tapert under his production tag, "Pacific Renaissance Pictures LTD". Later, there were co-executive producers. They were Sam Raimi and R. J. Stewart. The series is a spin-off from the TV series "" where Xena (Lucy Lawless) is a minor character. The series tells the story of Xena's quest to seek for her past sins as a ruthless warlord. She uses her fighting skills to help people. Gabrielle (Renee O'Connor) becomes Xena's greatest friend, her initial naïveté helps to balance Xena and helps her in seeing and fighting for the "greater good".

The series usually had between four and four million viewers on original airings. The series has positive reviews from many reviewers. It was ranked #10 on the list of "TV Guide"s Top 25 Cult TV Shows of All Time. It was nominated for Emmy awards.

"Xena"'s success has led to hundreds of tie-in products, including comics, and video games. The series has received attention in fandom (Uberfic), and has influenced the direction of other television series. The cult of the series (Fandom) remains active on the internet today.

The series is a spin-off of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys". In fact, the saga began with three appearances Xena's special character in episodes of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys", entitled "The Warrior Princess", "The Gauntlet" and "Unchained Heart". In the first episode, Xena is a killer, but in the third, she joins Hercules to defeat Darphus, who had taken her army. Aware that the character of Xena had been very successful among the public, producers of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys decided to make a series exclusively for it.

In "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys", Xena was played by New Zealand actress Lucy Lawless. The first actress considered to play the part was British actress Vanessa Angel, while actress Sunny Doench was thought to play the role of Gabrielle. However, neither could travel to New Zealand, the country where the series was shot entirely on location. Finally, Lucy Lawless was cast as Xena and Gabrielle was played by the American actress Renee O'Connor.

The American actor and writer Bruce Campbell played Autolycus, King of the alleged thieves, and appeared in eight episodes. After Lawless and O'Connor, Ted Raimi is the actor who plays Joxer, which has more appearances in the series: a total of 42. We continue to Kevin Tod Smith with 31 appearances, Hudson Leick and Karl Urban with 12 and Alexandra Tydings with 11. In the last episode, the eastern star Michelle Ang playing Akemi.

The theme music, composed by Joseph LoDuca, who also co-wrote the lyrics for the songs in "The Bitter Suite", was developed from the traditional Bulgarian folk song "Kaval Sviri", and was sung by "Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares". In the "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" episode, "Unchained Heart", in which Xena is introduced, the original "Kaval Sviri" is the music used to announce Xena racing into battle.

The opening of "Xena" had two models during the series, the first was used during the first five seasons, and the second model was used only in the last season. The opening is composed of scenes from the series itself, there is background music to "Opening Sequence", combined with the voice of an announcer speaking a text that remained immutable.

"Xena Warrior Princess" and "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" were filmed in New Zealand. Of course some places are confidential, but many scenes were recorded in places as spectacular in "Waitakere Ranges Regional Park", part of the Auckland Regional parks often credited at the end of the episodes. Most leases are on the west coast, and is approximately 30–40 miles from the centre of Auckland.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" is considered a simple television series of adventures whose key ingredients are the two protagonists in the series and their psychological development, attractive exterior in New Zealand and music composed by Joseph Loduca. Although the characters and stories in the series predate Christ, themes, emotions and relationships in the series are well connected with the world today. In addition, the series makes a particular interpretation of the ancient world. For example, represents the goddess of love and beauty, Aphrodite, as a girl silly and pampered.

One of the criticisms that more has been done to the series is the inverosimilitud the scenes of combat, as they give the characters impossible cartwheels, walk the walls and even move objects with the mind. Such scenes are inspired by action movies of Hong Kong.The series was also criticized for very often consciously mixing times, facts and historical characters. Thus, it is possible to see both the "Greek gods" as characters in biblical, Roman, Scandinavian and Eastern Arabs as well as facts so distant in time as the confrontation between David and Goliath, the birth of Jesus, or the battle of Maraton. Finally, another widespread weakness in the series are multiple inconsistencies in their arguments.

The first season of the series was addressed without many pretensions, as the producers did not want to gamble much. During this season abounded plots based on Greek myths and a focus on defining the personality of the two protagonists. In the second season were improved special effects, consolidation of the relationship between Xena and Gabrielle and increased the strength of the stories. As a negative note of the third season, preference was given to the functionality of certain episodes at the expense of stories and the essence of the characters. However, in the fourth season, the level of the series returned to the first two years in terms of quality. In this season there could be seen a transformation in the structure of the stories and treatment of the characters. It accentuated the spiritual dimension of the series and the Greek myths lost relevance in the hatch. The fifth season was a downturn in the quality of the series. This was contributed to by the pregnancy of main actress, Lucy Lawless, forcing producers to introduce a precipitous turn argumentative. The fifth season also means the start of the references to Christianity in the series. Finally, in the sixth season, the level of the series again back: improved special effects and stories, which were accompanied by excellent music by Joseph LoDuca.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" was influenced by many factors, as cultures and eras, one of the most widespread were the sources of action movies from Hong Kong, the jumps, breathing fire and the sounds of weapons in the battles were some of the things that mirrored movies. The scene of the lynching of Xena in "The Gauntlet" is almost identical to the movie "The Bride With White Hair". The fight on the stairs with Callisto on "Callisto" and the fight against Draco in head of villagers also has its roots in the genre, and the sequence "The Debt", which was almost completely influenced in the genus.

The show is a historical fantasy set in ancient Greece, although with a flexible time setting, and also features heavy Oriental, Egyptian and Medieval elements in various episodes. The series details the adventures of former Hercules villain Xena (Lucy Lawless), a reformed warlord on a quest to redeem her past sins. Xena is accompanied on her travels by Gabrielle (Renee O'Connor) a young woman who becomes her best friend and, eventually, most trusted ally.

The show freely borrows names and themes from various mythologies around the world, primarily the Greek, anachronistically adapting them to suit the demands of the storyline. Historical figures and events from a number of different historical eras and myths make numerous appearances, and the main characters are often credited with resolving important historical situations. These include an encounter with Homer, before he was famous, in which Gabrielle encourages his storytelling aspirations; the fall of Troy; and the capture of Caesar by pirates, with Xena cast as the pirate leader. This quirky mix of timelines and the amalgamation of historical and mythological elements fueled the rise of the show to cult status during the 1990s and early 2000s. It was one of the first shows to tap into its internet following, allowing for fans from all over the world to discuss and suggest things related to the show. The fandom continues to this day.

The show is a mixture of styles, ranging from high melodrama in one episode to slapstick comedy in another, from whimsical to all-out action and adventure in another. Although it is ostensibly set in ancient times, the themes of the show are essentially modern: taking responsibility for past misdeeds, the value of human life, personal liberty and sacrifice, and friendship. The flexible fantasy framework of the show accommodates a considerable range of styles, including an original musical episode, "The Bitter Suite". Although the show often addresses ethical dilemmas such as the morality of pacifism, the storylines rarely seek to provide unequivocal solutions.



There have been numerous "Xena" spin-offs into various media including movies, books, comics and video games.

In August 1997 "" a DTV animated movie was released, featuring the voices of a number of actors from both "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" and "Xena: Warrior Princess". The movie plot involves Hercules' mother being kidnapped by Zeus and the release of the Titans. Xena and Gabrielle have supporting roles in the movie, and at one point Xena even bursts into song.

Since the end of the series rumors have circulated that a feature-length movie was in the works. In 2003 Screenwriter Katherine Fugate was approached for the project, and was quoted saying that she expects the start of production to be three to five years away, which suggests a release sometime between 2006 and 2009. Actress Lucy Lawless has been quoted in several interviews as saying she would be interested in participating in a "Xena" movie as well.

Books have been released as tie-ins, including "Xena Warrior Princess: Complete Illustrated Companion". There have also been a number of novelizations by authors like Martin H. Greenberg.

A book was also released in 1998, "XENA: All I Need to Know I Learned From the Warrior Princess", allegedly written by Gabrielle, Bard of Poteidaia, and was "translated" by Josepha Sherman. It contains Gabrielle's viewpoint on many of the adventures she and Xena embarked on, and also includes eight pages of black-and-white photographs from the show. The book is basically Gabrielle talking about her view of the world on many different subjects. For example, in one of the chapters, "Anything can be a weapon- Anything!", she instructs the reader on fighting without traditional weapons, such as a sword or a staff, and in another, "Nobody likes a winer", she laments on the perils of alcohol.

It also launched "The Official Guide to the Xenaverse", by Robert Weisbrot, with photographs in color and black and white, a complete and detailed episode guide to the first two seasons, a look behind the scenes, the intriguing story of the origin of "Xena: Warrior Princess", biographies of cast and crew and trivias about the show.

There is also the fictional books, how "The Empty Throne", "The Huntress and The Sphinx", "The Thief Of Hermes", and "Prophecy of Darkness." A recent academic monograph on the series is Wim Tigges' "Her Courage Will Change the World": An Appraisal of Xena: Warrior Princess", which was self-published through "lulu.com".

There have been a number of comic adaptations. The earliest ones were released by Dark Horse Comics and written by Ian Edginton and John Wagner. More recently the license has moved to Dynamite Entertainment.


"Anchor Bay Entertainment" has released all 6 Seasons as well as the 10th Anniversary Collection of "Xena: Warrior Princess" on DVD in Region 1 for the first time. The series has also been released on DVD in Region 2 & Region 4. Only Region 1 DVDs contain special features, Regions 2/3/4 do not have any bonus material on them. The Region 2 releases of Season 1 contain the episodes out of order, creating a number of continuity problems when watching them in the order in which they are presented. The order on these DVDs is episode 1, then episodes 10 through 19, then episode 2, then episodes 21 through 24, and finally episodes 3 through 9. There are also several small changes, such as headbutts and claps over the ears.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" has been referred to as a pop cultural phenomenon and feminist icon. The television series, which employed pop culture references as a frequent humorous device, has itself become a frequent pop culture reference in video games, comics and television shows, and has been frequently parodied and spoofed.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" has been credited by many, including "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" creator Joss Whedon, with blazing the trail for a new generation of female action heroes such as Buffy, Max of "Dark Angel", Sydney Bristow of Alias, and the Bride in Quentin Tarantino's "Kill Bill".

Xena and Gabrielle's relationship has been cited as one of the reasons why the series has been so popular, coupled with the denials of her character's lesbianism from Lawless while the series was running. U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has been nicknamed "Warrior Princess" by her staff.

The popularity of "Xena: Warrior Princess" has led to websites, online discussion forums, works of Xena fan fiction and several unofficial fan-made productions.

In 2005, the team that discovered the dwarf planet nicknamed it "Xena" in honor of the TV character. On October 1, 2005, the team announced that had a moon, which they had nicknamed "Gabrielle". The objects were officially named Eris and Dysnomia by the International Astronomical Union on September 13, 2006. Although the official names have legitimate roots in Greek mythology, Dysnomia is also Greek for "lawlessness", perpetuating the link with Lucy Lawless.

"Xena" has enjoyed a particular cult status in the lesbian community. Some of the lesbian fan base sees Xena and Gabrielle as a couple and has embraced them as role models and lesbian icons. A group called The Marching Xenas has participated in many gay and lesbian pride parades.

A subject of much interest and debate among viewers is the question of whether Xena and Gabrielle are lovers. The issue is left deliberately ambiguous by the show's writers. Jokes, innuendo, and other subtle evidence of a romantic relationship between Xena and Gabrielle is referred to as "lesbian subtext" or simply "subtext" by fans. The issue of the true nature of the Xena/Gabrielle relationship caused intense debates in the fandom, which turned especially impassioned due to spillover from real-life debates about same-sex sexuality and gay rights.

Some fans felt that the sexual nature of Xena and Gabrielle's relationship was cemented by an interview given by Lucy Lawless to "Lesbian News" magazine in 2003. Lawless stated that after the series finale, where Gabrielle revives Xena with a mouth-to-mouth water transfer filmed to look like a full kiss, she had come to believe that Xena and Gabrielle's relationship was "definitely gay... there was always a 'well, she might be or she might not be' but when there was that drip of water passing between their lips in the very final scene, that cemented it for me. Now it wasn't just that Xena was bisexual and kinda liked her gal pal and they kind of fooled around sometimes, it was 'Nope, they're married, man'." However, in the interviews and commentaries on the DVD sets released in 2003-2005, the actors, writers and producers continued to stress the ambiguity of the relationship, and Ares was also considered at least as a potential love interest for Xena.

The "Xena" fandom also popularized the term Altfic (from "alternative fiction") to refer to same-sex romantic fan fiction. Many fans felt the term slash fiction carried the connotation of being about male/male couples only and was not a good description for romantic fan fiction about Xena and Gabrielle.

In 2006, Lucy Lawless donated her personal Xena costume to the Museum of American History. In an interview the same year with "Smithsonian" magazine, she was asked the question "Was the Warrior Princess outfit comfortable?" and she responded:

Uberfic is a kind of alternative universe fan fiction in which characters or events are portrayed somewhat closely to original canon but usually in a different time period, many times featuring the ancestors, descendants or reincarnations of canon characters. The term originated in "Xena: Warrior Princess" fandom. This sort of story was used by the series itself, beginning with the second-season episode "The Xena Scrolls".


English free settlers

English free settlers were people that chose to go to New Holland (now Australia). They were not forced to go there, as the convicts were. The English free settlers went to Australia between the late 18th century and the early 19th century. When the English free settlers got to Australia, they landed in the southern part of the continent. That was the only colony created by the free settlers. 

The English free settlers went to Australia to be free. They wanted to make money as well. They also wanted to explore Australian families who wanted a better life with their children. Some people called the English Free settlers "pilgrims".
In the early years of the colony, very few settlers came to Australia. Free settlers had to fund their own transport and were usually quite wealthy. The few who made the journey to Australia did so mostly to make their fortune. They were often given large land grants and convicts to work for them.

Meter (poetry)

In poetry, meter (British English spelling: metre) means the rhythmic patterns in a verse.

The units of poetic meter, like rhyme, vary from language to language and between poetic traditions. They can involve arrangements of syllables into repeated patterns called "feet" within a line. English meter is founded on the patterns of stressed and unstressed syllables. In Latin and Greek verse, on the other hand, while the metrical units are similar, not syllable stresses but syllable lengths are the component parts of meter.

Verse (poetry)

In poetry a verse is technically a single line in a poem. A poem is a "metrical composition".

However, in common use, a verse is a group of lines in a poem which make up a paragraph. It consists of several lines, either in print for reading, or in a song. In the poems and theatre of Ancient Greece these units were called strophes.


Line (disambiguation)

Line or lines could mean:

People:

In science and technology:

In transport:

In business:

In the military:

In sport:

In the arts:

The abbreviation LINE could mean:


S/2003 J 9

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Dynamic pressure

In fluid dynamics dynamic pressure depends on density and velocity of the fluid. 

It is defined by the following equation:

where (using SI units):

Dynamic pressure is closely related to the kinetic energy of a fluid particle, since both quantities are proportional to the particle's mass (through the density, in the case of dynamic pressure) and square of the velocity. Dynamic pressure is in fact one of the terms of Bernoulli's equation, which is essentially an equation of energy conservation for a fluid in motion.



Lichtenberg

Lichtenberg was a borough in Berlin. Since the boundary changes of 2001, it has been a district of the new borough of Lichtenberg-Hohenschönhausen.

From 1945 to German Reunification Lichtenberg was part of East Berlin.

Aaron Burr

Aaron Burr, Jr. (February 6, 1751, – September 14, 1836) was an American politician, Revolutionary War hero and the third vice president of the United States (1801 – 1805). He was born in Newark, province of New Jersey.
Burr fought in the American Revolutionary War, reaching the rank of Colonel.
After the war, Burr was a leader of the Democratic-Republican Party and served in the New York State Assembly, as New York State Attorney General, and as a United States Senator before serving as Vice President.

Burr killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel in 1804, when Burr was still Vice President.

Burr conspired to form a new country in Mexico. He wanted to be present if and when Spain and Mexico went to war. Some people, including President Thomas Jefferson, who had picked a different vice president for his second term, saw Burr's actions as treason. However, in 1807 Burr was found innocent of the charges. He was often thought of by his enemies as unreliable. Burr died in 1836.

Charlotte Lindström

Charlotte Karin Lindström (born August 9, 1984 in Sollentuna, Sweden) is a former waitress, promotion model, convicted criminal and former prisoner. 
She was arrested on May 26, 2007, and had to spend three years in jail in Sydney, Australia. When she was arrested, people suspected she was trying to hire a hitman to kill two men who were about to testify against her boyfriend Steven Spaliviero in court.

Lindström arrived in Sydney in 2003 working as a part-time model as well as a waitress in the exclusive nightclub Hemmesphere in Sydney.

In Sydney Lindström met Steven Spaliviero and they soon started a relationship living in an apartment in Darling Harbour. Lindström later told the court that she soon realised that he was both a rich businessman and a drug dealer. In early 2007, investigators started to look into Spaliviero's business and soon found two witnesses who said they had information about the man's drug dealing business. At that time Spaliviero was already on bail from Melbourne in relation to another drug case. Spaliviero was arrested, refused bail and sent to Metropolitan Remand and Reception Centre ("MRRC") in Silverwater, New South Wales.

In MRRC Spaliviero allegedly met another inmate who offered him to get witnesses in Spaliviero's case killed. In relation to this Spaliviero phoned Lindström from MRRC telling her to meet a "solicitor" and give him money. 
Lindström started acting upon instructions from Spaliviero. When Lindström finally met who she thought was a hitman, but who in reality was an undercover policeman, she was arrested. The policeman on the case stated that Lindström wanted to have two men in the "cemetery" (i.e. dead). The price was agreed as AUD 100,000 for each contract.

Upon her arrest on May 26 Lindström was remanded in custody. Later an application for bail was made where Steven Spaliviero's mother, Dolores Spaliviero, offered to put up AUD 2,000,000 surety to get Lindström out from custody. In addition, Lindström's friend and employer, Justin Hemmes promising that if Lindström was set free on bail, he would let her continue her work at the Hemmesphere nightclub until trial. The application for bail was denied due to flight risk and Lindström was remanded in custody.

On September 18, having had a deal made with the prosecutors, Lindström pled guilty to the charges. On December 21, she pled guilty again in another court in Sydney. Lindström appeared in a bullet-proof vest at her court hearings because of the alleged death threats against her life.

Lindström was initially sentenced to four years in jail being eligible for early parole on May 25 2009. Even though Lindström was given a hefty discount from her sentence because she had agreed to testify against Steven Spaliviero and two other men, the Crown appealed against the sentence as "manifestly inadequate". The criminal court of appeals heard the appeal on July 4 2008.

On 23 July 2008 her maximum sentence was increased from three years and 10 months to four years and nine months, making her eligible for parole in May, 2010.

On August 11 2008 Lindström started testifying against Spaliviero in his court case, among others reading a love letter to the court which she had written to him in February 2007 some months before her own arrest. Despite Lindström's extensive testimonies Spaliviero and two other defendants were found not guilty for the murder plot.

Lindström was released on parole from Long Bay jail in New South Wales on 25 May 2010 and deported the next day from Australia. Since her release from prison, Lindström has returned to her native home Sweden and is understood to have had ongoing threats against her life.

According to the Australian media, on 15 August 2010, Charlotte Lindström agreed to return to Australia to testify in the trial of her former boyfriend's associate. Due to an unspecified severe illness, she has not been allowed to travel to Australia. The upcoming trial has been postponed.

On 14 November 2010, Australian Channel 9 aired an exclusive interview of Charlotte Lindström named "Charlotte's web", in which she appeared with her face unobscured despite allegations that she is living under death threats.

On 6 September 2011, Channel 9 in Australia aired a documentary concentrating on Charlotte Lindström's murder plot. According to an article in the Sydney Morning Herald Charlotte Lindström "no longer has feelings for" Steven Spaliviero.

Bilten

Bilten was a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 the municipalities of Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden joined together to become the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Braunwald

Braunwald is a former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Elm, Switzerland

Elm was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

It is the municipality farthest south in the valley of the Sernf.
Russian General Alexander Suvarov and his troops stayed the night in Elm before crossing Panix Pass to Pigniu on their retreat into Austria.

On September 11, 1881, an avalanche caused by too much mining of slate killed 114 people and buried 83 structures in the municipality.


Engi

Engi was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Ennenda

Ennenda was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Filzbach

Filzbach was a municipality in the municipality of Glarus Nord and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Glarus (city)

Glarus (German: ) is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

Glarus is on the Linth River. It is at the foot of the Glärnisch foothills.
The first mention of the town is from 1178.

It became the capital of the Linth valley in 1419. In the 1700s and 1800s, the valley began to be industrialized.

In 1864, the first European labor law to protect workers was introduced in Glarus, prohibiting requiring workers to work more than 12 hours a day.

Since 1 January 2011, the municipality Glarus includes the former municipalities of Ennenda, Netstal and Riedern.


Haslen

Haslen was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On July 1, 2006, Haslen merged with the municipalities of Leuggelbach and Nidfurn. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Haslen, Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Linthal, Luchsingen, Matt, Switzerland, Mitlödi, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the new municipality of Glarus Süd.


Linthal

Linthal was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Linthal, Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Haslen, Luchsingen, Matt, Mitlödi, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the municipality of Glarus Süd.


Luchsingen

Luchsingen was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Hätzingen and Diesbach were merged into the municipality of Luchsingen.

Oberblegisee is in the municipality.


Matt, Switzerland

Matt was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Agno

Agno is a municipality of the district of Lugano, canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It is not far from the city of Lugano.

Lugano Airport is in this municipality.


Airolo

Airolo is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Airolo is also a small ski-resort with 30 kilometres of ski slopes.


Alto Malcantone

Alto Malcantone is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was formed on 13 March 2005 from the earlier municipalities of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio.


Balerna

Balerna is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Castel San Pietro

Castel San Pietro is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Chiasso

Chiasso is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Morbio Inferiore

Morbio Inferiore is a municipality of the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is in the hills above Chiasso. It is in the district of Mendrisio.


Caneggio

Caneggio was a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Cabbio

Cabbio was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia

Vacallo

Vacallo is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The current population is almost 3,000 people. The coat of arms of Vacallo is a V with three bunches of grapes. Each bunch of grapes symbolises the three parishes or 'frazione' of the municipality.


Sagno

Sagno is a former municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009 the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Aarwangen District

Aarwangen is a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The district includes the following 25 municipalities and has an area of 154 km²:


Aarau District

The district of Aarau in the Swiss Canton of Aargau has the following municipalities: 

Baden District, Aargau

Baden is a district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. The capital city is the town of Baden. The largest municipality is Wettingen. The district has 26 municipalities, an area of 153.07 km², and a population of 121,071.

Bremgarten District

Bremgarten is a Swiss district in the Canton of Aargau.

It has a total of 25 municipalities, listed below:

Brugg District

Brugg is a district in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland, it is south of the Aare and the Aargauer Jura covers the district. The capital of the district is Brugg. 

It contains the following municipalities:
Localities of 


Kulm District

Kulm is an administrative district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. It is west of Lake Hallwil and covers parts of the Wyna and Suhre valleys. The principal town is Unterkulm; the largest municipality is Reinach. The district contains 17 municipalities, is 101.35 km² in area and has a total population of 36,700 people .

Laufenburg District

Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Laufenburg.

It contains the following municipalities:

Chuck Norris

Carlos Ray "Chuck" Norris (born March 10, 1940) is an American actor. martial artist and celebrity. He served in the United States Air Force. He became famous as a martial artist and started his own school, Chun Kuk Do. Norris was cast in several action movies, such as "Way of the Dragon". He was The Cannon Group's star in the 1980s. He played Cordell Walker in the action television series "Walker, Texas Ranger" from 1993 to 2001.

Norris is a political conservative.

He has written books on Christianity. In 2007 and 2008, he campaigned for former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, who was running for the Republican nomination for President in 2008. In the 2012 election he endorsed former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, and he supported Donald Trump in 2016. Norris also is a columnist for the conservative website "WorldNetDaily".



George Clinton (vice president)

George Clinton (July 26, 1739 – April 20, 1812) was an American soldier and politician. He was the first (and longest-serving) governor of New York. He then was Vice President of the United States under Thomas Jefferson and James Madison (1805–1812).

Clinton was born in the state of New York. Clinton fought with the British in the French and Indian War.

Clinton was a member of the Continental Congress and voted for the Declaration of Independence. He was a friend of George Washington and served with and supplied the Continental Army.

Clinton was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party. Clinton was vice president under two different presidents. He is one out of two vice presidents who did this; John C. Calhoun served under two presidents as well. Clinton was also a candidate for president in the 1808 election and did receive six electoral votes.

DeWitt Clinton, his nephew, also became governor of New York. George Clinton is of no relation to the 42nd president, Bill Clinton, who took his stepfather's surname as a child. 

Ignatius of Antioch

Saint Ignatius of Antioch (also known as Theophorus) (AD. 35-107) was the third Bishop or Patriarch of Antioch and a student of the Apostle John. En route to his martyrdom in Rome, Ignatius wrote a series of letters, including one to Polycarp, bishop of Smyrna, who had also known John. These letters are an example of the theology of the earliest Christians. Important topics addressed in these letters include ecclesiology, the sacraments, and the role of bishops.

Ignatius' feast day is observed on 17 October in Western Christianity and 20 December in Eastern Christianity.

Ignatius became Bishop of Antioch after Saint Peter and Evodius, who died around 67. 
Besides the Latin name, Ignatius, he also called himself Theophorus ("God Bearer"), and tradition says he was one of the children Jesus took in His arms and blessed. Ignatius was most likely a disciple of the Apostle John.

Ignatius is generally considered to be one of the Apostolic Fathers (the earliest authoritative group of the Church Fathers) and a saint by the Roman Catholic Church, Lutheran Church, Eastern Orthodox Church and Anglican/Episcopal Church who celebrate his feast day on October 17, and the Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches, who celebrate his feast day on December 20. Ignatius based his authority on living his life in imitation of Christ.

Ignatius was arrested by the authorities and transported to Rome under trying conditions:

He died as a martyr in the arena. This was during the reign of Trajan. The Roman authorities hoped to make an example of him and thus discourage Christianity from spreading. Instead, he met with and encouraged Christians who flocked to meet him all along his route, and he wrote seven letters to the churches in the region and one to a fellow bishop.



Eupheme (moon)

Eupheme is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003. It used to be called . It was named Eupheme in 2019.

Eupheme is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,622,000 km in 561.518 days, at an inclination of 146° to the ecliptic (146° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2507.

It belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Stephen

Stephen or Steven (generally pronounced ) is an English masculine first name, comes the Latin form "Stephanus" and that from the Greek "Στέφανος" ("Stephanos"), which means "crown" or "wreath." This name was ranked #341 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Other spellings are Stephan, Stefan, Stephaen, Stevie, and Stevon. Steve is the common short form and various diminutives such as Stevie are also found. Many family names come from Stephen: the most common are Stephens/Stevens and Stephenson/Stevenson (others include Stephen, Stephan, Stefan, Stevin, and Stever).






Lenzburg District

Lenzburg is a district of the Canton of Aargau in Switzerland. The capital is the town of Lenzburg. The district contains a total of 20 municipalities:

Muri District

Muri is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Muri.

It contains the following municipalities:

Diminutive

A diminutive is a formation of a word used to express smallness of the object or quality that is meant with the word the diminutive is formed from.

Diminutives are common in most dialects of English. Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are frequently heard terms in English. 

Common diminutives are:

Rheinfelden District

Rheinfelden is a district of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. The capital is Rheinfelden. 

It contains 14 municipalities:

Zofingen District

Zofingen is a district in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is in the southwest corner of the canton. 

It contains the following municipalities:

S/2003 J 16

It belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Licinius

Flavius Galerius Valerius Licinianus Licinius (c. 250 - 325) was Roman emperor from 308 AD to 324 AD.

Licinius went with his close friend the Emperor Galerius on the Persian expedition in 297. After the death of Flavius Valerius Severus, Galerius declared Licinius emperor honorific in the West in 308. 

On the death of Galerius, in May 311, Licinius shared the entire empire with Maximinus Daia. The Hellespont and the Bosporus were the dividing line.

In 313 he married Flavia Julia Constantia, half-sister of Constantine, at Mediolanum (now Milan). Together with Constantine he issued the "Edict of Milan" that allowed Christianity to be professed in the empire. 
On April 30, Licinius won against Maximinus at the Battle of Tzirallum. So he became master of the East, while his brother-in-law, Constantine, was master in the West.

In 314, a civil war began between Licinius and Constantine. Constantine won at Cibalae in Pannonia and again 2 years later in Thrace. Then followed a period during which they worked together. But in 324 Constantine attacked him again and Licinius had to give up. Because his wife, Constantine's sister, asked for his survival he was not killed immediately. In 325 Constantine accused him of starting a conspiracy with the barbarians and had him killed.

Socrates Scholasticus account of Licinius' end

Zurzach District

Zurzach is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Zurzach. 

It contains the following municipalities:

Aarau

Aarau is the capital of the northern Swiss canton of Aargau. The city is also the capital of the district of Aarau. Most of the people in the municipality speak German. To the west of Aarau is the canton of Solothurn. It is the third-largest city in Aargau after Wettingen and Baden. 

The old city of Aarau lies on a rocky cliff where the Aar river valley narrows at the southern foot of the Jura mountains. Newer parts of the city can be found farther south of the river valley. The neighboring municipalities are Küttigen to the north, Rohr and Buchs to the east, Suhr to the south-east, Unterentfelden to the south, and Eppenberg-Wöschnau and Erlinsbach to the west. Aarau and the other municipalities have merged over the years. The only exceptions are Unterentfelden and Eppenberg-Wöschnau to the south, which are divided from Aarau by the large forests of Gönhard and Zelgli.

A few artifacts from the Neolithic period were found in Aarau. Near the present train station, the ruins of a settlement from the Bronze Age (about 1000 BC) have been excavated. The Roman road between Salodurum (Solothurn) and Vindonissa passed through the area, along the route now covered by the Bahnhofstrasse. In 1976 divers in the Aar found part of a seven-meter wide wooden bridge from the late Roman times.
Aarau was founded around 1240 A.D. by the counts of Kyburg. The earliest use of the place name was in 1248 (in the form Arowe), and probably referred to the settlement in the area before the founding of the city. It comes, along with the name of the River Aar (which was called Arula, Arola, and Araris in early times), from the German Au, meaning floodplain. The first certain reference to the city dates to 1256. The town was ruled from the "Rore" tower, which has been incorporated into the modern city hall. 

In 1273 the counts of Kyburg died out. Agnes of Kyburg, who had no male relations, sold the family's lands to King Rudolf I von Habsburg. He granted Aarau its city rights in 1283. In the 14th Century the city was expanded in two stages, and a second defensive wall was built. A deep ditch separated the city from its "suburb;" its location is today marked by a wide street named "Graben" (meaning ditch).

In 1415 Bern invaded lower Aargau with the help of Solothurn. Aarau was forced to swear allegiance to the new rulers. In the 16th Century, the rights of the lower classes were abolished. In March 1528 the citizens of Aarau allowed the introduction of Protestantism at the urging of the Bernese. A growth in population during the 16th Century led to taller buildings and more dense construction methods. Early forms of industry developed at this time; however, unlike in other cities, no guilds were formed in Aarau.

Starting in the early 18th century, the textile industry was established in Aarau. German immigration introduced cotton and silk factories. These highly educated immigrants were also responsible for education reform and the enlightened, revolutionary spirit that developed in Aarau.
On December 27, 1797, the last Tagsatzung of the Old Swiss Confederacy was held in Aarau. Two weeks later a French envoy continued to foment the revolutionary opinions of the city. The contrast between a high level of education and a low level of political rights was great in Aarau, and the city refused to send troops to defend the Bernese border. By Mid-March 1798 Aarau was occupied by French troops.

On March 22, 1798 Aarau was declared the capital of the Helvetic Republic. It was the first capital of a unified Switzerland. Parliament met in the city hall. On September 20, the capital was moved to Lucerne.
In 1803, Napoleon ordered the cantons of Aargau, Baden and Fricktal to be joined together. Aarau was declared the capital of the new, bigger canton of Aargau. In 1820 the city wall was torn down, apart from the individual towers and gates, and the defensive ditches were filled in.

The wooden bridge, dating from the Middle Ages, across the Aar was destroyed by floods three times in thirty years, and was replaced with a steel suspension bridge in 1851. This was replaced by a concrete bridge in 1952. The city connected to the Swiss Central Railroad in 1856.

The textile industry in Aarau broke down in about 1850 because of the protectionist tariff policies of neighboring states. Other industries had developed by that time to replace it, including the production of mathematical instruments, shoes and cement. Beginning in 1900, numerous electrical enterprises developed. By the 1960s, more citizens worked in service industries or for the canton-level government than in manufacturing. During the 1980s many of the industries left Aarau completely.

In 1802 the Canton School was established; it was the first non-parochial high school in Switzerland. It developed a good reputation, and was home to Nobel Prize winners Albert Einstein, Paul Karrer, and Werner Arber, as well as several Swiss politicians and authors.

The purchase of a manuscript collection in 1803 laid the foundation for what would become the Cantonal Library, which contains a Bible annotated by Huldrych Zwingli. More newspapers developed in the city, maintaining the revolutionary atmosphere of Aarau. Beginning in 1820, Aarau has been a refuge for political refugees.

A Theater and Concert Hall was built in 1883. It was renovated and expanded in 1995-96. The Aargau Nature Museum opened in 1922. A former cloth warehouse was transformed into a small theater in 1974, and the alternative culture center KIFF (Culture in the fodder factory) was established in a former animal fodder factory.

The historic old city forms an irregular square, consisting of four parts (called Stoecke). To the south lies the "suburb", that is, the part of the town which was outside the city wall. One special characteristic of the city is its painted gables, for which Aarau is sometimes called the "City of beautiful Gables".

The buildings in the old city were mostly built during the 16th century, when nearly all the Middle Age period buildings were replaced or expanded. The architectural development of the city ended in the 18th century, when the city began to expand beyond its (still existing) wall. Most of the buildings in the "suburb" date from this time. The "Schlössli" (small Castle), Rore Tower and the upper gate tower have remained nearly unchanged since the 13th century. The "Schlössli" is the oldest building in the city. It was already founded at the time of the establishment of the city shortly after 1200; the exact date is not known. City hall was built around Rore Tower in 1515. The upper gate tower stands beside the southern gate in the city wall, along the road to Lucerne and Bern. The jail has been in it since the Middle Ages. A Carillon was erected in the tower in the middle of the 20th century, the bells for which were provided by the centuries-old bell manufacturers of Aarau.

The town church was built between 1471 and 1478. During the Reformation, in 1528, its twelve altars and accompanying pictures were destroyed. The "Justice fountain" (Gerechtskeitbrunnen) was built in 1634, and is made of French limestone; it includes a statue of Lady Justice made of sandstone, hence the name. It was originally in the street in front of city hall, but was moved to its present location in front of the town church in 1905 due to increased traffic.

The Ccanton government offices can be found throughout the city and they employ a lot of people. 

One of the two head offices of the "Aargauer Zeitung", Switzerland's fifth largest newspaper, can be found in Aarau.

Kern & Co., founded in 1819, was an internationally known geodetic instrument manufacturer based in Aarau. It was taken over by Wild Leitz in 1988, and was closed in 1991.

More than half of the workers in Aarau live in the city's suburbs, or on the outskirts of the city. Aarau gets some jams of cars and buses sometimes during rush hour.

Things made in Aarau are: bells, mathematical instruments, electrical goods, cotton textiles, chemicals, shoes, and other products.




S/2003 J 10

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Aarburg

Aarburg is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Abtwil, Aargau

Abtwil is a municipality in Muri, which is in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ammerswil

Ammerswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is located 3 km south-east of the town of Lenzburg.

Edict of Milan

The Edict of Milan was a letter signed by the Roman emperors Constantine and Licinius, that proclaimed religious toleration in the Roman Empire. The letter was issued in February, 313 AD and removed the persecution of Christians.

With the Edict of Milan there began a period when Constantine granted favors to the Christian Church and its members. The exact words of the edict are no longer known.

The Edict of Milan was issued in 313 AD, in the names of the Roman Emperors Constantine I, who ruled the western parts of the Empire, and Licinius, who ruled the East. The two emperors were in Milan to celebrate the wedding of Constantine's sister with Licinius. 

There had been already an edict of toleration issued by the emperor Galerius in 311. They were granted an indulgence, not favors. 

"Wherefore, for this our indulgence, they ought to pray to their God for our safety, for that of the republic, and for their own, that the commonwealth may continue uninjured on every side, and that they may be able to live securely in their homes."

But by the Edict of Milan the meeting places and other properties which had been taken from the Christians were to be returned: 
"...the same shall be restored to the Christians without payment or any claim of recompense and without any kind of fraud or deception..."


Bible History
Aristau

Aristau is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Arni, Aargau

Arni is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the Swiss canton of Aargau.


Religious toleration

Religious toleration is people allowing other people to think or practice other religions and beliefs. In a country with a state religion, "toleration" means that the government allows other religions to be there. Many countries in past centuries allowed other religions but only in privacy. This has become rare. Others allow public religion but practice religious discrimination in other ways. It allow to follow and practice.




Attelwil

Attelwil is a former municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, Attelwil merged into the municipality of Reitnau.

Jupiter LXI

Jupiter LXI, also known as , is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2003.

Jupiter LXI is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,709,000 km in 699.125 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1961.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Aigle (district)

Aigle is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities: 


Aubonne (district)

Aubonne was a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital was Aubonne.

It contained the following municipalities:


Avenches (district)

Avenches was a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital was the town of Avenches. As of 2006 it is part of the Broye-Vully District.

It contained the following municipalities:


Cossonay (district)

Cossonay was a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital was the town of Cossonay.

Échallens (district)

Echallens was a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital was the town of Echallens. As of 2006 it is part of the Gros-de-Vaud District.

It contained the following municipalities:


Grandson (district)

Grandson was a district of the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital was the town of Grandson. As of 2006 it is part of the Jura-Nord vaudois District.

The district had the following municipalities:


Theodosius I

Theodosius I (11 January 347 – 17 January 395), also called Theodosius the Great, was Roman emperor from 379 to 395. He was a general in the Roman army and the son of another general, Theodosius the Elder. When the emperor Valens died in battle fighting the Goths, Valens' nephew, the emperor Gratian, made Theodosius emperor. Theodosius married Gratian's sister. While emperor, Theodosius overcame three civil wars in the empire. Gratian and his brother the emperor Valentinian II both died young, and Theodosius made his own sons Arcadius and Honorius emperors. Theodosius made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire and made other religions illegal.

Where Theodosius () was born is unknown. According to Hydatius and Zosimus, Theodosius was born in what is now Coca, Spain. However, Marcellinus Comes writes that he was from Italica, Hispania (now in Spain). His father was a military officer.

Theodosius died in Milan on January 17, 395. When he died he was made into a god. Parts of the Christian Church name Theodosius a saint.

Theodosius made the Nicene Creed the official belief system of the Roman Empire. Prior to that, many different creeds were believed. The Nicene Creed states that that Jesus, the Son, is equal to God the Father. Other people, such as Arius, said that Jesus was inferior to the Father. Theodosius affirmed the faith that the Council of Nicea agreed on.


Lausanne (district)

Lausanne is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital is the city of Lausanne.

It contains the following municipalities:

Ernest Shackleton

Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton (15 February 1874 – 5 January 1922) was a polar explorer.

Shackleton led three British expeditions to the Antarctic. He was one of the principal figures of the "Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration". The Shackletons were originally from Yorkshire, but Shackleton was born in County Kildare, Ireland. Shackleton and his Anglo-Irish family moved to Sydenham in suburban London when he was ten. 

His first experience of the polar regions was as third officer on Captain Robert Falcon Scott's Discovery Expedition, 1901–04, from which he was sent home early on health grounds. Determined to do better, he returned to Antarctica in 1907 as leader of the Nimrod Expedition. In January 1909, he and three companions made a southern march. They went to the farthest South latitude anyone had reached, at 88° 23' S, 97 geographical miles (112 statute miles, 180 km) from the South Pole. This was by far the closest to the pole in exploration history up to that time. For this achievement, Shackleton was knighted by Edward VII upon his return home.

Shackleton first went to the Antarctic on Captain Robert Scott's 1901-1904 expedition but he was sent home as he was ill. In 1907, he went back to the Antarctic and in January 1909 was part of a group who walked further south than anyone had ever been before, travelling to within 190 kilometres of the South Pole.
In 1912 the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen became the leader of the first group to reach the South Pole. Shackleton decided on a new target, he wanted to walk across Antarctica from one side to the other crossing the South Pole in the middle.

Disaster struck when his ship, "Endurance", was trapped in the ice. They spent 281 days on board waiting for the ice to break again, but the boat was slowly crushed to pieces. Shackleton and his men dragged their lifeboats over many miles of snow and ice to reach sea. They set sail in the lifeboats and eventually reached Elephant Island. In April 1916, Shackleton and four others sailed hundreds of miles to South Georgia to get help at the whaling station there. This was a journey of 1300 kilometres and took 16 days. Unfortunately the boat he was in landed on the wrong side of the island and they had to climb over the mountainous middle section to reach the whaling station. A rescue party saved everyone from Elephant Island in August 1916.

In 1921, Shackleton returned to the Antarctic, intending to carry out a programme of scientific activities. Before the expedition could begin this work, Shackleton died of a heart attack on 5 January 1922 while his ship, "Quest", was moored in South Georgia. At his wife's request, he was buried there.

Lavaux (district)

Lavaux was a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital was Cully. As of 2006 it is part of the Lavaux-Oron District.

It contains the following municipalities:



Morges (district)

Morges is a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital is the city of Morges. The population (as of December 2015) is 80,095.

These are the municipalities in Morges:

The area of the district is 372.99 square kilometers (144.01 sq mi). Of this area, 205.69 km (79.42 sq mi) or 55.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 126.4 km (48.8 sq mi) or 33.9% is forested.The remaining area, 38.25 km (14.77 sq mi) or 10.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and 2.66 km (1.03 sq mi) or 0.7% is unproductive land.

Anzonico

Anzonico is a former municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012 the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.


Aquila, Switzerland

Aquila is a former municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 22 October 2006 the former municipalities of Aquila, Campo (Blenio), Ghirone, Olivone and Torre merged into the new municipality of Blenio.

Aranno

Aranno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland. 


Basadingen-Schlattingen

Basadingen-Schlattingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Berg, Thurgau

Berg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Berlingen, Switzerland

Berlingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Philophrosyne (moon)

Philophrosyne is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2003. It was called until 2019. 

Philophrosyne is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,721,000 km in 699.676 days, at an inclination of 142° to the ecliptic (142° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.0932.

It is the farthest member of the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Jupiter LV

Jupiter LV, also called , is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman in 2003.

Jupiter LV is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,813,000 km in 569.728 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (149° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1570.

It belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Stanisław Wyspiański

Stanisław Mateusz Ignacy Wyspiański (January 15, 1869, Kraków – November 28, 1907, Kraków) was a Polish writer, painter, and architect.

Eustreptospondylus

Eustreptospondylus (meaning "well-reversed vertebrae") was a megalosaurid tetanuran theropod (a large, bipedal meat-eater) about 23-30 ft (7-9 m) long, weighing about 440-550 pounds (200 kg to 250 kg). This predator had a large head, long, sharp serrated teeth, short arms and a primitive hip structure. It lived during the mid-Jurassic period, about 165 million years ago. Incomplete fossils have been found in England. Eustreptospondylus was named by Richard Owen in 1841. The type species is "E. oxoniensis", which was named by C. A. Walker in 1964.

S/2003 J 23

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Megaraptor

Megaraptor was a large 26 feet (8 m) long late Cretaceous dinosaur. It had two large sickle-like claws on each hand. It was a lightly built biped, with a large head and sharp, serrated teeth in powerful jaws.

The first fossil of "Megaraptor" to be discovered was one of its claws. As they strongly resembled the claws seen in Dromeosaurs, it was thought that Megaraptor was a large member of that family. Later, a complete hand was discovered, revealing the main claw was on its thumb.

It is now classified either as a allosauroid carnosaur, related to "Neovenator", or right over on the other side of the Theropoda as a tyrannosauroid coelurosaur.

385571 Otrera

(385571) Otrera (also ) is a Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and Chadwick A. Trujillo in 2004. Only five others are known: , , 385695 Clete, and . They have the same orbital period as Neptune and orbit at the L Lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of Neptune.

385695 Clete

385695 Clete (also written as (385695) 2005 TO) is a possible Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and Chadwick A. Trujillo in 2005. Only five others are known: , 385571 OItrera, , and . They have the same orbital period as Neptune and orbit at the L Lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of Neptune.

Radiogenic

A radiogenic nuclide is a nuclide that is made by radioactive decay.

Tropopause

The tropopause is a boundary region in Earth's atmosphere between the troposphere and the stratosphere. Here the air ceases to cool at -56.5°C (-70°F), and the air becomes almost completely dry.

Most commercial aircraft are flown in the tropopause. To put it into even simpler words, the tropopause is the interferance between the troposphere and the stratosphere.

Gravity wave

In fluid dynamics, gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium or at the interface between two mediums (e.g. the atmosphere or ocean) which has the restoring force of gravity or buoyancy.


Accretion disk

An accretion disk (or disc) is an astronomical term. It describes a disc of material being drawn in by gravity to a centre of mass, such as a star or black hole. As the material comes in, it spins round the central body and radiates energy.

The central body is typically either a young star, a protostar, a white dwarf, a neutron star, or a black hole. As the material moves in, gravitational energy released in that process is transformed into heat and rotational movement. 

The energy emitted at the disk surface is in form of electromagnetic radiation. The frequency range of that radiation depends on the central object. Accretion discs of young stars and protostars radiate in the infrared, those around neutron stars and black holes in the X-ray part of the spectrum.


Victoria Beckham

Victoria Caroline Beckham (born 17 April 1974) is an English singer, songwriter, fashion designer and businesswoman. She was a member of a pop group called the Spice Girls. Her nickname in the group was Posh Spice. She is the wife of football player David Beckham. 

Victoria was born at Princess Alexandra Hospital in Harlow, Essex, She was eldest child of Antony Adams and Jacqueline Cannon.

Victoria Adams was a member of the popular girl group Spice Girls. While in the group, her nickname was Posh Spice.

She had a short solo career after leaving the Spice Girls in 2001, unlike her fellow members, she didn't have a solo No.1. She stopped her music career and became a fashion designer and started clothes and perfume businesses with her husband.

She has married David Beckham in July 1999. The couple have four children, three sons and their youngest child is a daughter.


She reunited with the Spice Girls for a world tour in 2007.

Spice (album)

Spice was the first album by the Spice Girls. It was released in the United Kingdom in 1996, and in the United States in 1997. It was the most successful album by a girl group ever. It sold 23 million copies around the world.

There were five songs that were very successful from this album. The most successful was "Wannabe", which went to No. 1 on many music charts around the world.

Head tie

A head tie is a women’s head scarf which is used a lot in west and southern Africa, and among American Descendants of Slavery (ADOS). 

The purpose of the head tie worn by enslaved African women was to protect their hair as they labored (or did heavy work). 

The head tie worn by West African women has been worn since the 1960s. 

The name of the head tie varies according to region and historical context. These names have included: tignon (United States), dhuku (Zimbabwe), tukwi (Botswana) and doek (South Africa and Namibia).


Dupatta

Dupatta (, ) is a long scarf that is an important part of many South Asian women's suits. Some "dupatta suits" include the salwar kameez, the trouser suit, and the kurta. The dupatta is also worn over the Hindu outfit of lehenga or ghaghra- choli. The dupatta has long been a symbol of modesty in South Asian dress. It is traditionally worn across both shoulders. However, the dupatta can also be worn like a cape around the entire torso. The material for the dupatta varies according to the suit: cotton, georgette, silk, chiffon, and more. The other names for dupatta are chunri and chunni (sometimes shortened to 'unni' by many Gujaratis).

There are various modes of wearing the unsewn dupatta. When not draped over the head in the traditional style, it is usually worn with the middle portion of the dupatta resting on the chest like a garland with both ends thrown over each respective shoulder. When the dupatta resting is worn along with the salwar-kameez it is casually allowed to flow down the front and back.

The use of the dupatta has definitely undergone a metamorphosis over time. In current fashions, the dupatta is frequently draped over one shoulder, and even over just the arms. Another recent trend is the short dupatta often seen with kurtas and Indo-Western clothing. Essentially, the dupatta is often treated as an accessory in current urban fashion. Nevertheless, the dupatta remains an integral part of Indian clothing and Pakistani clothing. Its nowadays a blend of fashion with the tradionalism. 


Charles XII of Sweden

Charles XII (Swedish: Karl XII) was the king of Sweden from 1697 to 1718. He was born on June 27, 1682.

During his time as a king, he tried to expand Sweden's empire. He took part in the Nordic War (1700-1721), in which his enemies were Denmark, Poland and Russia. England and the Netherlands supported him and his armies won over the Danes during a sea battle.He also beat Peter I Russian Tsar. 

After these successes, he attacked Poland, where during this time Augustus II the Strong was the king. This war was closed by the peace of Altranstadt. 

Charles attacked Russia again in 1707 with the Ukrainian leader, hetman Mazeppa. After more than a 1000 km walk in 1709, the Swedish king suffered a defeat from the Tsar. Charles had to flee to Turkey. He could only return to Sweden in 1714. He tried to compensate for the lost territories by a war against Norway. During the battle he was shot in the head and died in 1718. The wars of Charles XII made Sweden weaker.

Izanagi

He and his wife Izanami created many islands, deities, and forefathers of Japan. When Izanami died while giving birth to a child, Izanagi tried (but failed) to retrieve her from Yomi (the underworld). In the cleansing rite after his return, he created Amaterasu (the sun goddess) from his left eye, Tsukuyomi (the moon god) from his right eye, and Susanoo (tempest or storm god) from his nose.
When Izanagi looks at his wife in Yomi, he sees her monstrous and hellish state and she is ashamed and angry. She chases him in order to kill him. She fails, but promises to kill a thousand of his people every day. Izanagi says that he will create a thousand and five hundred every day.

S/2003 J 12

It is the closest of the farther non-spherical retrograde moons of Jupiter, and does not seem to belong to any group.

Kurt Weill

Kurt Julian Weill (March 2, 1900 – April 3, 1950) was a German composer who later became an American. Although he was trained as a composer of classical music he wrote many songs in a popular, jazzy style. He is particularly remembered for the music he wrote for the plays of the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, as well as for musicals he wrote when he lived in New York. He also wrote symphonies and chamber music, especially during his early career.

Kurt Weill grew up in a religious Jewish family. During his teens he started to get experience working in a theatre in Dessau, where he learned a lot from the theatre conductor Albert Bing. When he was 20 he went to study at the Berlin Musikhochschule where he studied with the composer Humperdinck. He did not like it there, and soon started a three-year period studying with the composer Busoni. Busoni was a good teacher for him and encouraged him to study counterpoint carefully in order to be a good composer. Then he introduced Weill to the music publishers Universal, who published all his music for the next ten years.

In 1924, Busoni died. Weill started to work with the playwright Georg Kaiser who wrote plays in an Expressionistic style. Together they wrote an opera "Der Protagonist" (1926) which made Weill famous. The next year he worked with Bertolt Brecht. Together they wrote five songs which soon developed in a "Songspiel" under the title "Mahagonny". Between 1927 and 1929, Brecht and Weill wrote a new piece, an opera called "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny" ("Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny"), in which five songs from the "Songspiel" were used again.

In 1924, he met the singer and actress Lotte Lenya. He married her in 1926, divorced her in 1933 and married her again in 1937.

In 1928, he wrote the music for a play by Brecht which was to become world-famous. It was called "Dreigroschenoper" ("The Threepenny Opera"). It was based on an opera called "The Beggar's Opera" which had been written in 1728 by John Gay. The "Threepenny Opera" includes a song which became Weill's most famous song, "Mack the Knife". Weill stopped working with Brecht in 1930 because they had political disagreements. Brecht was becoming more and more interested in Communism, but Weill did not want to be a “Communist composer”.

In Berlin, Weill taught composition to several young composers. He also gave many radio broadcasts. By 1929, he was well-known enough as a composer to make his living just from his compositions.

Weill had to flee from Nazi Germany in March 1933. As a famous and popular Jewish composer, he was a target of the Nazi authorities, who criticized and even interfered with performances of his later stage works, such as "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny", "Die Bürgschaft" (1932), and "Der Silbersee" (1933). He went first to Paris, where he started a work with Jean Cocteau but it was not finished. He wrote one more work with Brecht: the ballet "The Seven Deadly Sins". In 1934, he completed his "Symphony No.2", his last purely orchestral work, conducted in Amsterdam and New York by Bruno Walter.

In 1935, Weill went to America with his wife Lotte Lenya. The rest of his life he spent writing for the American stage. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943. He thought most of his compositions in Germany had been destroyed by the Nazis. He never spoke German again except when writing to his parents who had escaped to Israel.

Weill changed his musical style. He wrote in a popular way, working with writers such as Ira Gershwin. He wrote an opera "Street Scene" for which he won an award. He took part in political movements, encouraging America to join in the war.

Weill died of a heart illness in New York City in 1950.

Dia (moon)

Dia (S/2000 J 11) ls the second-outermost prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000.

Dia is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 12,555,000 km in 287 days, at an inclination of 28° (to Jupiter's equator), and with an orbital eccentricity of 0.248.

The moon is included in the Himalia group. After discovery it was lost for ten years because the orbit was poorly known. Recovery allowed much better precision.



Sinope (moon)

Sinope is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Lick Observatory in 1914, and is named after Sinope of Greek mythology.

Sinope did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Hades" between 1955 and 1975.

Sinope was the farthest known moon of Jupiter until the discovery of Megaclite in 2000. The farthest moon of Jupiter now known is .

Sinope orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit. The orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations. It is often believed to belong to the Pasiphaë group. However, given its mean inclination and different colour, Sinope could be also an independent object, captured independently, unrelated to the collision and break-up at the origin of the group. The diagram illustrates Sinope's orbital elements in relation to other moons of the group.

Sinope has an estimated diameter of 38 km (assuming an albedo of 0.04) The moon is red unlike Pasiphae which is grey.

Its infrared spectrum is similar to D-type asteroids also different from Pasiphae. These dissimilarities of the physical parameters suggest a different origin from the core members of the group.


French press

A French press (also called press pot, coffee press, coffee plunger or cafetière) is a special machine used to make coffee. It is easy to operate. The coffee it can make is stronger than that produced by other means.

A French press is a round jug. This jug can be glass or clear plastic. The jug has a lid and a "plunger". The plunger fits in the jug very well. It usually has some kind of steel or plastic wire, that acts as a filter. Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together, leaving to brew for a few minutes, then pushing the plunger down. This keeps the coffee grounds at the bottom of the jug.

The French press has different names around the world. In Australia, South Africa and Ireland it is known as a coffee "plunger" and coffee brewed in it is known as "plunger coffee". Its French name is "cafetière à piston". Sometimes it is also called a "melior" (from an old brand of makers of coffee pots of this type) or a "Bodum" (another brand). In the UK the device is known as a cafetière (the French word for "coffee pot").

Because the coffee grounds are in direct contact with the brewing water, coffee brewed with the French press gets more of the coffee's flavour and essential oils. These usually are trapped in a traditional drip brew machine's paper filters. French pressed coffee is often stronger and thicker than drip-brewed one. It also has more sediment. Because the grounds remain in the drink after brewing, French pressed coffee should be served quickly. Over time, the drink will develop a bitter taste. This is because the grounds still act on the water.

Coffee for use in a French press should be ground coarsely. The use of a burr mill grinder gives a better grind than the whirling blade variety. The ground coffee should be more coarse than that used for a drip brew coffee filter, and far coarser than that used for espresso. Anything other than a coarse grind will go through the press filter and into the coffee. A French press can also be used instead of a tea infuser to brew loose tea.

The French press is also more portable than other coffee makers. Special versions for travellers also exist. They are made of tough plastic instead of glass. They also have a sealed lid with a closable drinking hole. Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers. These people may not want to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew.

Despite the name, the French press is not noticeably more popular in France than in other countries. In most French households, coffee is prepared by drip brewing, with an electric coffeemaker and paper filters. In bars and restaurants, an espresso machine is used.

Some studies have found that drinking large amounts of coffee made by the French press method increases LDL ("bad") cholesterol levels, while drinking filtered or drip coffee does not. The French press method allows certain Diterpenes, such as Cafestol and Kahweol, to remain in the coffee while other brewing methods either remove or limit these chemicals.


Ananke (moon)

Ananke is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Mount Wilson Observatory in 1951 and is named after the mythological Ananke, the mother of Adrastea by Jupiter. The adjectival form of the name is "Anankean".

Ananke did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Adrastea" between 1955 and 1975. Note that Adrastea is now the name of another moon of Jupiter.

Ananke gives its name to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Ananke orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit. Eight non-spherical moons found since 2000 follow similar orbits. The orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations. The diagram illustrates Ananke's orbit in relation to other retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter. The eccentricity of selected orbits is represented by the yellow segments (extending from the pericentre to the apocentre). The farthest spherical moon Callisto is located for reference.

Given these orbital elements and the physical characteristics known so far, Ananke is thought to be the biggest remnant of an original break-up forming the Ananke group.

In the visible spectrum, Ananke appears grey to light-red.

The infrared spectrum is similar to P-type asteroids but with a possible indication of water.


Grind

Grind might mean:


Camptosaurus

Camptosaurus (meaning "bent lizard") was a plant-eater from the Upper Jurassic (about 156 to 145 million years ago). It is related to Iguanodon. 

It was a heavy ornithischian dinosaur that was about 16-23 feet (5-7 m) long and 3-4 feet (1 m) high at the hips, weighing roughly 2,200 pounds (1000 kg). It had a long snout, hundreds of teeth and a horny beak. Its legs were longer than its arms; it had four-toed feet and five-fingered arms, all with hooves. It could walk on two or four legs, it probably went on all four to graze for low-lying plants.

Carme (moon)

Carme is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Mount Wilson Observatory in California in July 1938. It is named after the mythological Carme, mother by Zeus of Britomartis, a Cretan goddess.

Carme did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Pan" between 1955 and 1975. Note that Pan is now the name of a moon of Saturn.

It gives its name to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.


Leda (moon)

Leda or , is a moon of Jupiter. Unlike many moons, it is not a sphere. Charles T. Kowal found it working at the Mount Palomar Observatory on September 14, 1974. He took photographs for three nights September 11 through 13. Leda is in all of the photographs. The moon'S name come from Leda in Greek mythology. She was one of Zeus's lovers. Zeus is the Greek equivalent of Jupiter. Zeus came to Leda in the shape of a swan. Kowal suggested the name and the IAU supported it in 1975.

Leda belongs to the Himalia group. They are five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°. The orbital elements given here are as of January 2000, but they are changing a lot because gravity effects from the sun and planets.


Lysithea (moon)

Lysithea ( , ; ) is a prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson in 1938 at Mount Wilson Observatory and is named after the mythological Lysithea, daughter of Oceanus and one of Zeus' lovers.

Lysithea did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Demeter" from 1955 to 1975.

It belongs to the Himalia group, five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 28.3°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.


Rust Belt

The Rust Belt is a term that refers to an area of the northern United States. The area is mostly the states near the Great Lakes, and some of them are considered to be Midwest states. This area was once known for steel production and heavy industry. That industry has greatly decreased since the middle of the 20th century. As the name might imply, the area has sort of turned to "rust", like what happens to old steel. Much of this decrease in industry is because of the United States using manufacturers from other countries. It became an Industrial hub because of its proximity to The Great Lakes, canals, and rivers which companies used to access raw materials and ship out products. 

Most Rust Belt cities, for example, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Youngstown, Ohio, have had a very large decrease in their population since the 1950s and 1960s. 

Some "Rust Belt" cities include:


Pax Romana

The Pax Romana was a period when there was a lot of peace in the Roman Empire. "Pax" means "peace" in the Latin language; "Romana" means "Roman" in Latin. So, "Pax Romana" means "Roman peace."

the Pax Romana lasted from 27 BC until 180 AD. It started when Augustus was Emperor (ruler) of the Roman Empire. The Pax Romana is called a good time period because: 

The Emperors of the Pax Romana were:


The Pax Romana, which in Latin means "Roman Peace", was a period from about 2000 to about 1800 years ago when the Roman Empire had reached the height of its size and had few military conflicts. The Pax Romana was not always totally peaceful, as a transition within government could lead to chaos, but is remembered as a golden age for Rome where the empire grew wealthy and no threats challenged Roman dominance in Europe, northern Africa, or the Middle East. During this time period, they grew tremendously in architecture, science, mathematics, 

Bell UH-1 Iroquois

The UH-1 Iroquois (although known mainly as the Huey) was a helicopter made by Bell Helicopters. It first flew in 1956 and was introduced in 1959. It was known for being in the Vietnam War. It could be used for transporting soldiers, cargo, support, helping lost soldiers or pilots, or attacking enemies. One version, the UH-1V was made just for helping hurt people getting to hospitals. Some Hueys were given to civilians to for business travel, forest fire fighters, and police stations.. Now, the UH-60 Black Hawk is mainly used, but the Huey is still in service with countries.


Terabyte

A terabyte (TB) is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices. One terabyte holds 1000 gigabytes (GB) or a trillion (1,000,000,000,000) bytes, and 1000 terabytes make one petabyte. 

Large organizations use terabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data. People at home might use terabytes for backups. An external hard drive can be several terabytes.


Meteora (album)

Meteora is the second studio album by Linkin Park. Linkin Park is an American rock band. The band released the album on March 25, 2003. Over 5.5 million copies of the album have been sold in the United States. Over 15 million copies of it have been sold overall. The band recorded the album for almost a year.

"Meteora" was number one on the "Billboard" 200. The album had many singles. The RIAA gave the album a platinum certification. In 2023, Linkin Park released a new version of "Meteora". They did this for the album's 20th anniversary.


Say My Name

"Say My Name" is a number-one single by American R&B group Destiny's Child for the Columbia Records label, released in early 2000. The single was the third of four singles from the group's 1999 album "The Writing's On The Wall", and the most successful of the four. It is considered to be one of their signature songs. It won a Grammy and an MTV Video Music Award.

Several remixes of "Say My Name" were issued alongside the original version. The two most notable alternate versions are a remix by Timbaland, which features different vocals and a guest appearance from Static of Playa; and the "Nitro Remix" (featuring Nitro and Chief, with production by Mista Maze), which uses the original vocals over a bass music-styled backing track.


Veto

A right of veto means that somebody can stop decisions or legislation. 

For example, the President of the United States has veto power over the USA's Congress. This can stop legislation from being passed. If the President vetoes a bill passed by the Congress, it only becomes a law if Congress passes it again, this time with at least twice as many members of each of the two houses voting for it than voting against it.

Similarly, the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council (the United States of America, the United Kingdom, China, Russia and France) each has veto power. Using this, they can stop the Security Council's decisions from being passed and becoming resolutions unless they all agree to them. These vetoes cannot be overturned by any more voting on that resolution; if there is a need to address the same issue again in the future, a new and separate resolution must be written, passed, and not vetoed.

The veto was invented in ancient times for the Roman tribunes so they could protect the people from bad laws made by the Roman Senate.



Bettwiesen

Bettwiesen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in northeast Switzerland, near Germany.

Bichelsee-Balterswil

Bichelsee-Balterswil is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It was made from the union on January 1, 1996 of Bichelsee and Balterswil. The lake Bichelsee is in the municipality.

Birwinken

Birwinken is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Bottighofen

Bottighofen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Bottighofen is on Lake Constance.

Braunau, Switzerland

Braunau is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Bürglen, Thurgau

Bürglen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Elbridge Gerry

Elbridge Thomas Gerry (July 17, 1744 – November 23, 1814) was an American politician from Massachusetts. As a Democratic-Republican he was elected the fifth vice president of the United States, serving under James Madison, from March 4, 1813, until his death a year and a half later.

Gerry was a member of the Continental Congress and was a signer of both the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation.

He was a delegate to the United States Constitutional Convention in 1787 but did not sign it.

Gerry was elected to the House of Representatives and served there from 1789 to 1793.

Gerry was elected Governor of Massachusetts in 1810 and served for two years. While serving as governor, Gerry supported a plan that would re-create voting districts in Massachusetts to give more power to the political party that he belonged to. The word gerrymander used today when a party tries to create more favourable voting districts was named for Elbridge Gerry.

Gerry was Vice President under James Madison and died in office on November 23, 1814.

Bussnang

Bussnang is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Piltdown Man

Piltdown Man ("Eoanthropus dawsoni") was once thought to be a "missing link" between man and ape. The first Piltdown fragments were discovered in 1912. Thereafter, over 500 scientific essays were written on the Piltdown Man in a 40-year period. The discovery was proven to be a deliberate hoax in 1953.

Piltdown Man consisted of two human skulls, an orangutan jaw, an elephant molar, a hippopotamus tooth, and a canine tooth from a chimpanzee. Sir Kenneth Oakley has determined the human skulls to be approximately 620 years old. They may have belonged to Ona Indians from Patagonia, as the skulls were unusually thick. Thick skulls are a common trait among Ona Indians. The orangutan jaw is around 500 years old, perhaps from Sarawak. The elephant molar is thought to be from Tunisia. The hippopotamus tooth is thought to have come from Malta or perhaps Sicily. The canine tooth belonged to a Pleistocene Chimpanzee. The Piltdown remains were purposefully scattered around a quarry in Piltdown, England, so that they could be "discovered" later as evidence for evolution and the development of man from ape. The skulls had been treated with acid. All of the fossil remains were stained with an iron sulfate solution. The canine tooth was painted brown and patched with bubble gum. The molars were filed down. The portion of the orangutan jaw that connected the jaw to its skull was carefully broken so as not to show evidence that this jaw did not belong to a human skull.

The Piltdown Man hoax is thought to have been perpetrated by Charles Dawson, an archaeologist, geologist and fossil collector for the British Museum. However, no one is quite certain who was involved. There are a number of other suspects, including Sir Arthur Smith Woodward, Keeper of the British Museum's Natural History department, and Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, a paleontologist and Jesuit theologian.


Dozwil

Dozwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Egnach

Egnach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

It is on Lake Constance.

Erlen

Erlen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Ermatingen

Ermatingen is a municipality in Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Eschenz

Eschenz is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Eschlikon

Eschlikon is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Felben-Wellhausen

Felben-Wellhausen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Fischingen

Fischingen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Gachnang

Gachnang is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Gottlieben

Gottlieben is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Güttingen

Güttingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

TNT (couriers)

TNT(reformed as PostNL just in this year) is a delivery company that delivers packages either world-wide or within a country by couriers. The company picks up parcels from the sender and then delivers them to the addressee. TNT Airways, based in Liège Airport, is the airline of TNT, using more than 40 planes to reach 70 destinations in Europe every night.

TNT N.V., through its two divisions, Express and Mail, is part of the global transportation and distribution industry, and dedicated to providing delivery solutions to its customers. TNT serves more than 200 countries and employs around 160,000 people.

Over 2009, TNT reported €10.4 billion in revenues, an operating income of €648 million and cash from operating activities of €1 billion. TNT N.V. is listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam by NYSE Euronext (ticker "TNT").

TNT has a history spanning more than 250 years. Its Dutch roots can be traced back to 1752. But it wasn’t until 1946 that the company known as TNT was born, on the other side of the world, in Australia. In the 60 years since then, TNT has grown into a global enterprise, even operating its own aircraft. Much of this growth has come from take-overs and acquisitions. In 1996, TNT was acquired by the Dutch company KPN (formerly PTT Post).

All packages are delivered to a local warehouse. A courier collects the packages from the warehouse and delivers them to the address on the package. Couriers will also collect packages from a certain area and take them to the warehouse where they can be sorted and sent to the warehouse nearest the receiver’s address.

In the United Kingdom, couriers are often part-time workers, delivering packages using their own cars. They collect and deliver packages to any house in a certain postcode area. This way, the TNT company can be sure of delivering to any house in the area.

TNT

The letters TNT can mean many things:

The Bad Beginning

The Bad Beginning is a book by Lemony Snicket. It is the first book in a series called "A Series of Unfortunate Events". The book was released in 1999.

Violet, Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire were enjoying a day at Briny Beach. Mr. Poe, a banker and friend of the family, went to the beach to them that their parents had died in a fire which also destroyed their home. Mr. Poe is the executor of the Baudelaire fortune. It is his responsibility to put the children with a guardian and take care of their money until Violet turns eighteen (the legal age to handle money).

The Baudelaire children were taken to their new guardian Count Olaf. Olaf is a distant relative of the children. He works as an actor. On their way, they met Justice Strauss. Strauss is a kind and friendly judge who lives in the house next to them. She tells the children that they are welcome in her home anytime, which has a library in it. Count Olaf is a very cruel, filthy man. He has one long eyebrow and a strange tattoo of an eye on his left ankle. Olaf lives in a dirty musty house. Most importantly, he only adopted the children to get their money. He constantly made them do chores and other things, while only giving them with one bed to sleep in. Count Olaf also refers them as "orphans" instead of "children".

Olaf's theatre troupe was coming to his house that night to practice. Olaf told the children that they had to make dinner for everyone. There was no food in the house, so the children went to the marketplace with Justice Strauss to buy the ingredients for Pasta Puttanesca. Count Olaf complained that he wanted roast beef but he had never told them this. He became very mad and hit Klaus across the face. The children went to Mr. Poe at his bank in order to get help. Mr. Poe told them that Olaf may raise them however he wants. He then called Olaf to tell him of the Baudelaires' visit. When they got back to their home, Olaf told the children that he was sorry. He also told them that they would be in an upcoming play, called "The Marvelous Marriage" written by Al Funcoot. Olaf would play the groom, Violet would be the bride, and Klaus and Sunny would be people in the audience.

The children spent the day at Justice Strauss's home. While Violet and Sunny were helping in the garden, Klaus was reading law books in the library. He took a book on nuptial law out of the library with him when they return home. Klaus spent the entire night reading about how they could stop Count Olaf's plan to get their money. He learned that two people can be married if they sign a document and say their wedding vows in the presence of a legal judge. Olaf planned to marry Violet during the play to get control of the money. When Klaus talked to Count Olaf about this, he only smiled and laughed. Klaus ran to wake up his sisters but Sunny was not there. Violet and Klaus followed Olaf outside. They learned that Sunny was being held inside a birdcage at the top of the tower.

Count Olaf told them that one of his henchmen had kidnapped Sunny while they were sleeping. He warned them that if they did not do what he told them to do during the play, the cage will be released and Sunny would fall to her death. That night, Violet made a grappling hook to reach the top of the tower but she was kept captive with Klaus until the play began.

The play was performed. Olaf stopped it after the wedding scene to say that he and Violet were now married. Justice Strauss said that Violet could not marry because she was not old enough. Olaf said that she could be married if her parent or guardian allowed it. As her guardian, he allowed to get married. Sunny was returned to them. Violet said that she was right-handed but signed the document with her left hand. Judge Strauss said that this made the marriage not legal. Olaf escaped when one of his henchmen turned off the theater's lights. Just as Violet was about to turn the lights back on, Olaf quietly said that he would always be after them, and that when he got their fortune, he would kill them with his own hands. Justice Strauss was willing to adopt the Baudelaires, but Mr. Poe told her that their parents' will said a relative must care for them. They got into Mr. Poe's car and it drove away as Justice Strauss waved goodbye.

Count Olaf

Count Olaf is the principal villain, antihero and primary character from Lemony Snicket's "A Series of Unfortunate Events". His main goal throughout the series is to inherit or steal the Baudelaire fortune. He attempts numerous acts to try to get that fortune, such as trying to marry Violet, kidnap Sunny, and trip Klaus to have him fall and break his glasses (Miserable Mill) etc. He has a tattoo of an eye on his left ankle. He is one of the Baudelaire's extended family member.

Warhammer 40,000

Warhammer 40,000 also called 40K is a table-top game. Model armies fight each other on miniature terrain. The armies include: Necrons, Tyranids, Space Marines, Chaos Space Marines, Eldar, Dark Eldar, Tau and Imperial Guard. Players roll dice to find out which armies win battles. A ruler shows how far a unit moves. Two or more players are needed for a game. Each player takes it turns to move, shoot, then assault. 

Each army has different kinds of weapons. Weapons have different strength and armor piercing value. Each army has different kinds of units. Each unit has a rating for strength, toughness, armor save, leadership, weapon and combat skill. These ratings are important for winning or losing.

Hauptwil-Gottshaus

Hauptwil-Gottshaus is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Hefenhofen

Hefenhofen is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Herdern

Herdern is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Hohentannen

Hohentannen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Homburg, Switzerland

Homburg is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Horn, Switzerland

Horn is a municipality in Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Termen

Termen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Zwischbergen

Zwischbergen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Daspletosaurus

Daspletosaurus ("frightful lizard") was a tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that was 26-33 feet (8-10 m) long and weighed perhaps 2-3 tons (3000 kg). 

It had tiny horns behind its eyes and its arms were a bit longer than those of "T. rex". It may have been an ancestor of "Tyrannosaurus". This bipedal meat-eater lived in marshes by streams in what is now Alberta, Canada, during the Upper Cretaceous period, 76-72 million years ago. It may have preyed upon Triceratops. It was named by D.A. Russell in 1970. The type species is "D. torosus".


1447

Year 1447 was a common year starting on Sunday.




Mitte (locality)

Mitte was the most central locality of Berlin ("Mitte" is German for centre). It was set up in 1920, when Groß-Berlin was set up, and in 2001 it was joined with Wedding and Tiergarten to make a new borough called Bezirk Mitte.

Mitte was in East Berlin, and had a lot of Berlin's historic sites. The Pergamon Museum, Unter den Linden and the Brandenburg Gate were in Mitte.

In 2001 Mitte was joined with two boroughs from West Berlin. This helped to break down the idea of a divided city, and put the important tourist centre of Berlin under one local government.


Groß-Berlin

Groß-Berlin or Greater Berlin was created by an act of the Prussian parliament made on 27 April 1920. The act was called the Greater Berlin Act () for short. Its full name was the "Law Regarding the Reconstruction of the New Local Authority of Berlin" ().

The act said that on 1 October 1920 "Greater Berlin" should be taken away from the Province of Brandenburg and become a new district.

The new district was made up of:

The new Berlin was 13 times bigger than the old. Its area went from to and the population doubled from approximately 1.9 million to near 4 million, with almost 1.2 million of these new inhabitants coming from the 7 surrounding towns alone.

Groß-Berlin was divided into 20 boroughs ("Verwaltungsbezirke"):

Apart from minor changes, the city boundary defined in the law is the same as today, except for some changes made during the time of the Berlin Wall. During the 1970s and 1980s three new boroughs were made in East Berlin when other boroughs were split up.


Pardon

A pardon is a decision that absolves a convicted person of a criminal conviction. A pardon may be "full" or "partial":


Pardons are sometimes given to people who are wrongly convicted. In that case, the person is cleared of that conviction, as if never convicted.

The practice varies greatly between countries. In the United States a pardon for a federal conviction may be granted by the President, while pardons for state convictions may be granted by state governors.

Medellín, Spain

Medellín is a village in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It is notable as the birthplace of Hernán Cortés in 1485 and the site of the Battle of Medellín, during the Peninsular War. 

The city was named after the Roman general Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius who founded it as a military base for his operations in western Iberia. It was originally called Metellinum.


Sean Watkins

Sean Watkins (b. February 18, 1977) is an American guitarist. He is best known as a member of the Californian acoustic trio Nickel Creek. 


Sara Watkins

Sara Watkins (born June 8, 1981) is an American violinist. She is most famous as a member of Californian bluegrass band Nickel Creek. 

Elara (moon)

Elara is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Charles Dillon Perrine at Lick Observatory in 1905 and is named after the mother by Zeus of the giant Tityus.

Elara did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Hera" between 1955 and 1975.

Elara belongs to the Himalia group, five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.

In February and March 2007, the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto made a number of pictures of Elara, culminating in photos from a distance of five million miles.


Crochet hook

A crochet hook is a tool used for making crochet fabric. The hook at the end is used to grab yarn. The tool also has a flat part for fingers to hold during work. Crochet hooks come in different sizes for different sizes of yarn.


Pterodaustro

Pterodaustro was a pterosaur. It is found in the Lower Cretaceous of South America. "Pterodaustro" most likely fed on tiny invertebrates: zooplankton and krill.

"Pterodaustro" was medium-sized, with an adult wing-span of about two meters. It has only been found in Brazil.

"Pterodaustro" probably waded in shallow water like flamingos, straining food with its tooth comb, a method called "filter feeding". Once it caught its food, "Pterodaustro" probably mashed it with the small, globular teeth present in its upper jaw.
At least two specimens have been found with gizzard stones in the stomach cavity, the first ever reported for any pterosaur. These clusters of small stones with angled edges support the idea that "Pterodaustro" ate mainly small, hard-shelled aquatic crustaceans using filter-feeding. Such invertebrates are abundant in the sediment of the fossil site

In 2004 a "Pterodaustro" embryo in an egg was reported. The egg was elongated, six centimetres long and 22 millimetres across and its mainly flexible shell was covered with a thin layer, 0.3 mm thick, of calcite.

Comparisons between the scleral rings (bony ring round edge of eye) of "Pterodaustro" and modern birds and reptiles suggest that it may have been nocturnal, and may have had similar activity patterns to those modern ducks which feed at night.

Dsungaripterus

Dsungaripterus ("Wing of Junggar Basin") was a pterosaur with a wingspan of 10 feet (3 m). It had an unusual bony crest running along its snout and long, narrow, curved jaws with a pointed tip. The crest may have acted as a rudder when flying or may have been a secondary sex characteristic.

"Dsungaripterus"'s head and neck were together almost a metre long. Its most notable feature are its long, narrow, upcurved jaws with a pointed tip, making the animal look like a pair of flying tweezers. It had no teeth in the front part of its jaws, which were probably used to remove shellfish and worms from cracks in rocks or from sandy, muddy beaches. It had knobbly flat teeth more to the back of the jaw that were well suited for crushing shellfish.

Himalia (moon)

Himalia is the biggest non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Charles Dillon Perrine at the Lick Observatory on December 3, 1904. It is named after the nymph Himalia who bore three sons of Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter).

Himalia did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as or Jupiter Satellite VI, although calls for a full name appeared shortly after its and Elara's discovery. A.C.D. Crommelin wrote in 1905,
Unfortunately the numeration of Jupiter's satellites is now in precisely the same confusion as that of Saturn's system was before the numbers were abandoned and names substituted. A similar course would seem to be advisable here; the designation V for the inner satellite was tolerated for a time, as it was considered to be in a class by itself; but it has now got companions, so that this subterfuge disappears. The substitution of names for numerals is certainly more poetic.

The moon was sometimes called Hestia, after the Greek goddess, from 1955 to 1975.

It is the biggest member of the group that bears its name, the moons orbiting between 11.4 and 13 million kilometers from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°. The orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.

A day on Himalia is only about 7 3/4 hours long. Himalia appears grey, like the other members of its group, similar to a C-type asteroid. Measurements by "Cassini" confirm a featureless spectrum, with a slight absorption at 3 μm which could indicate the presence of water.

In November 2000, the Cassini spacecraft, going to Saturn, made a number of pictures of Himalia, including photos from a distance as close as 4.4 million km. The moon covers only a few pixels, but seems to be a stretched object with axes 150 ± 20 and 120 ± 20 km, close to the Earth-based estimations.

In February and March 2007, the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto made a series of pictures of Himalia, culminating in photos from a distance of eight million km. Again, Himalia appears only a few pixels across.


Brachychiton

Brachychiton (also known as the bottletree or kurrajong) is a genus of 31 species of trees and large shrubs. They grow naturally in Australia and New Guinea. Fossils from New South Wales and New Zealand are believed to be 50 million years old. The name "Brachychiton" is comes from the Greek "brachys", meaning "short", and "chiton", meaning "tunic". This refers to its loose seed coverings.

They grow to 4–30m tall. All species have separate male and female flowers on the same plant. The female flowers have five separate carpels that can each form a woody fruit that has several seeds.

Themisto (moon)

Themisto or , is a small prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found in 1975, lost, and then refound in 2000.

Themisto was first found by Charles T. Kowal and Elizabeth Roemer on September 30, 1975, reported on October 3, 1975 and designated . However, not enough observations were made to establish an orbit and it was subsequently lost.

Themisto appeared as a footnote in astronomy textbooks into the 1980s. Then, in 2000, a seemingly new moon was found by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Yanga R. Fernández and Eugene A. Magnier, and was designated . It was soon confirmed that this was the same as the 1975 object. The Sheppard et al. announcement was immediately correlated with an August 6 2000 observation by the team of Brett J. Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, Jean-Marc Petit, Hans Scholl, Matthew J. Holman, Brian G. Marsden, Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns — an observation that was reported to the Minor Planet Center but not published as an IAU Circular (IAUC).

In October 2002 it was officially named after Themisto, daughter of the river god Inachus by Zeus (Jupiter) in Greek mythology.

Themisto's orbit is unusual. Unlike most of Jupiter's moons, which orbit in groups, Themisto orbits alone, midway between the Galilean moons and the first group of prograde irregulars.

Themisto is about 8 kilometers in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04)



Thebe (moon)

Thebe or ', is the fourth of Jupiter's known moons (by distance from the planet). It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the "Voyager 1" space probe taken on March 5, 1979 and was given the designation '. Later, it was found on images dating back to February 27, 1979. In 1983 it was officially named after the mythological nymph Thebe who was the daughter of the river god Asopus and a lover of Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter).

Thebe is the farthest of the inner Jovian moons. It orbits Jupiter at a distance of ~222,000 km (3.11 Jupiter radii). The orbit of Thebe has an orbital eccentricity of ~0.018 and an inclination of ~1.08° relative to the equator of Jupiter. These values are unusually high for a closer moon and can be explained by the past influence of the closest Galilean satellite Io; in the past, several mean motion resonances with Io would have passed through Thebe's orbit as Io gradually moved away from Jupiter, and these excited Thebe's orbit.

Thebe is not a sphere, with the closest ellipsoidal approximation being 116x98x84 km. Its bulk density and mass are not known but assuming that it mean density is like that of Amalthea (~0.86 g/cm³) its mass can be estimated at ~4.3×10 kg.

The surface of Thebe is dark and appears to be reddish in color.

Thebe was found in "Voyager 1" images by Steve Synnott, a member of the Voyager navigation team. However, before the "Galileo" spacecraft arrived at Jupiter, little was known about it. "Galileo" imaged almost all of the surface of Thebe and put constraints on its composition.


Antagonist

An antagonist is the character in a story who stands in opposition towards the protagonist. As an example, in the Disney movie "The Lion King", the main antagonist is Scar.

While the most common practice is for a hero to be the protagonist and the villain to be the antagonist this is not always the case. As an example in the manga/anime series Death Note protagonist Light Yagami was the villain as it was his goal to rid the world of criminals in order to create his own ideal "utopia" and rule it like a god while antagonist L was the hero as it was his goal to end Light's psychotic killing spree. Also a good example is the animated series Invader Zim where titular protagonist Zim is the villain as it was his ultimate goal to conquer and take over Earth while antagonist Dib is the hero as it was his goal to stop Zim's diabolical plans. Another example is Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street where the titular protagonist and the antagonist Judge Turpin were both villains. 

A story may also have secondary antagonist, either a partner/accomplice of the main antagonist or an entirely separate threat altogether (though a lesser one). Just like the main antagonist they aren't always villains but they are obstacles towards the goal(s) of the protagonist(s).

It is possible for a protagonist to become an antagonist. A well-known example of this is in the "Star Wars" movie series, when Anakin Skywalker turns from a Jedi to a Sith, to become Darth Vader.

Joe Grant

Joe Grant (May 15, 1908 - May 9, 2005) was an American animator, writer and illustrator. He worked for Walt Disney between 1933 and 1949 and again from 1989 until his death just a few days before his 97th birthday.

Joe Grant was born at 1908 in New York City. After school, he began his career as a caricaturist. In 1933, he was hired by Disney for the Mickey Mouse short movie "Mickey's Gala Premiere". In the next years, he, Albert Hurter, Dick Huemer and Fred Moore were the studios' most important character animator. He created the witch in "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). Grant and Huemer created books for "Fantasia" and "Dumbo". Later, he was the head of the "Character Animation Department" at Disney. This department was closed in 1949 and Grant left Disney.

40 years later, in 1989, Grant began working for Disney again. He created characters and sketches for Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", (1991). The movie was the first animated movie which was nominated for the Academy Award for "Best Picture". He was the only person who worked on "Fantasia" (1940) and "Fantasia 2000".

In 2005, his animation short movie "Lorenzo" was nominated for an Academy Award. Just a few weeks later, Joe Grant died while working with his drawing board at the age of 96 in Glendale, California.

Ganymede (moon)

Ganymede is the largest of the 95 known moons of the planet Jupiter. It is also the largest moon in the Solar System. Ganymede is larger in diameter than the planet Mercury, but has only about half of its mass. Ganymede is much less dense. Ganymede is part of a group called the Galilean Satellites. These also include Io, Europa and Callisto.

Galileo Galilei discovered this moon in 1610. Simon Marius suggested the name "Ganymede" soon after. In Greek mythology, Ganymede was Zeus' cup-bearer. This name and the names of the other Galilean satellites were not favoured for a long time, and were not put into common use until the mid-20th century. Instead, it is simply referred to by its Roman numeral designation (a system that was introduced by Galileo) as or as the "third satellite of Jupiter". Ganymede is the only Galilean moon of Jupiter named after a male figure.

Ganymede is composed of roughly equal amounts of silicate rock and water ice. Its body has an iron-rich, liquid core, and an internal ocean that may contain more water than all of Earth's oceans together. Its surface has dark regions, with impact craters dated to four billion years ago. This covers about a third of the satellite. Lighter regions, crosscut by grooves and ridges and only slightly less ancient, cover the rest. The cause of the light terrain's disrupted geology is not fully known, but was likely the result of tectonic activity caused by tidal heating.


Callisto (moon)

</math>.</ref>

Callisto is a moon of the planet Jupiter. It was discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei and named after Kallisto. It is the second largest moon orbiting Jupiter, after Ganymede, and the third largest moon in the Solar System. 

Callisto is almost the same size as the planet Mercury, being 99% the diameter of the planet, but is much less massive. Of the four Galilean moons of Jupiter, Callisto is the farthest out, with an orbital radius of about 1,880,000 kilometres. It does not form part of the orbital resonance that affects three inner Galilean satellites, Io, Europa and Ganymede. Like the Earth's Moon, Callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period. This means that one side is always turned toward Jupiter, while the other side never sees the face of the planet. Callisto's surface is less affected by Jupiter's magnetosphere than the seven moons nearer the planet.

Callisto has about equal amounts of rock and ices, with an average density of about 1.83 g/cm³. Chemical compounds on the surface include water ice, carbon dioxide, silicates, and organics. The Galileo spacecraft made investigations of the moon, and revealed that Callisto may have a small silicate core and possibly a subsurface ocean of liquid water more than 100 kilometers deep.

The surface of Callisto is heavily cratered and extremely old. The surface does not show any sign of processes occurring below the surface such as plate tectonics, earthquakes or volcanoes, and is thought to have evolved mainly under the influence of meteorite impacts. Notable surface features include multi-ring structures, impact craters in different shapes, and chains of craters (known as catenae) and associated scarps, ridges and deposits. On a smaller scale, the surface is varied. It is made up of frost on hill tops, surrounded by a smooth blanket of dark material in valleys. This is thought to result from the degradation of small landforms, caused by sublimation. This is supported by the few small impact craters, and the presence of numerous small knobs which are thought to be their remains. The absolute ages of the landforms are not known.

Callisto is surrounded by an extremely thin atmosphere made out of carbon dioxide and probably oxygen molecules. There is also a rather intense ionosphere. An ocean is thought to exist within Callisto. This may mean that life might exist. However, this is less likely than on nearby Europa. 

Various space probes from Pioneers 10–11 to Galileo and Cassini−Huygens have studied the moon. Callisto is considered the most suitable place for humans to settle for future exploration of the Jovian system.

Notes
Footnotes

Garth Brooks

Troyal Garth Brooks, commonly known as Garth Brooks, (born February 7, 1962) is an American country music singer and songwriter. He uses rock elements in his recordings and live performances. Brooks was successful in the country singles and country album charts and later also proved popular in the mainstream pop arena, exposing country music to a larger audience.

Brooks has had one of the most successful careers in popular music history, with over 70 hit singles and 15 charted albums to his credit. Throughout the 1990s he broke records for both sales and concert attendance. In 1999, looking to expand his career boundaries, Brooks began a multimedia project involving a fictitious alter ego known as Chris Gaines.

He started performing at bars while studying advertising in college and also working as a bouncer. In 2001, Brooks officially retired from recording and performing, after having conflicts between his career and family. During this time he has sold millions of albums through an exclusive distribution deal with Walmart and has released new singles from time to time. 

On November 6, 2007, "The Ultimate Hits" was released. Brooks came out of retirement in 2007 when he opened a new arena in Kansas City, Missouri. He left retirement again in 2013 to play at the Encore Casino in Las Vegas.

Baden

Baden is a historical state in south-west Germany.

The Margraviate of Baden () was made in 1112. From 1190 to 1771, Baden was broken up into different smaller states. When the Holy Roman Empire ended in 1806, the Margraviate of Baden became the larger and more powerful Grand Duchy of Baden (). After World War I ended in 1918, the monarchy in Baden ended so Baden became a republic. 

After World War II ended in 1945, Baden was cut in half: the north half became part of Württemberg-Baden and the south half became South Baden. South Baden changed its name to "Baden" in 1947. Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1952, it joined with Württemberg-Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-Württemberg.

Hüttlingen, Switzerland

Hüttlingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld, in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Hüttwilen

Hüttwilen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The lakes Nussbaumersee, Hüttwilersee and Hasensee are found in the municipality.

Kemmental

Kemmental is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The municipality was created on January 1, 1996 by mergxer of the formar municipalities of Alterswilen, Altishausen, Ellighausen, Lippoldswilen, Neuwilen, Siegershausen, Dotnacht and Hugelshofen. 

Kesswil

Kesswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The village was the birthplace of the psychiatrist Carl Jung.

Kradolf-Schönenberg

Kradolf-Schönenberg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Langrickenbach

Langrickenbach is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Lengwil

Lengwil is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Mitsubishi Model A

The Mitsubishi Model A is the only car built by the Mitsubishi Shipbuilding Company, a member of the Mitsubishi "keiretsu" which would later become Mitsubishi Motors, and the first automobile made in Japan. Based on the Fiat "Tipo 3", it was a four-door seven-seat sedan powered by a front-mounted 26kW 2.8 litre straight-4 engine driving the rear wheels, and could drive as fast as 20 mph. 22 were built at the company's Kobe shipyard between 1917 and 1921.

Gopher (protocol)

Gopher is a protocol. It was designed for distributing, searching, and retrieving documents over the Internet. Gopher represented an early alternative to the World Wide Web.

The gopher protocol has some things HTTP-based clients do not have. It is based on menus. An item selected from a menu will either open another menu, or a document.

Because of concern over possible licensing fees, and the relative flexibility of the World Wide Web, the protocol did not get much use. There are less than 200 gopher servers still actively maintained. Many of the remaining gopher servers are run by individuals. Most of them are rarely updated except for the ones run by enthusiasts of the protocol. A handful of new servers are set up every year by hobbyists - over 50 have been set up and added to Floodgap's list since 1999. Today Gopher exists as an almost forgotten corner of the Internet. - one can publish email addresses in plaintext without having to worry about spam, and publish large amounts of data without the risk of the server's bandwidth becoming saturated by overuse.

In the early stages of mobile Internet access, some suggested that the simple interface of Gopher would be a good match for mobile phones and Personal digital assistants (PDAs). Web-based solutions also won in the mobile space, with technologies like Wireless Markup Language (WML)/Wireless Application Protocol (WAP), DoCoMo i-mode, XHTML Basic or other adaptations of HTML and XML. 

Several server software packages are still maintained and updated for the Gopher protocol. For example, the PyGopherd Gopher server provides a built-in WML front-end to Gopher sites served with it. The Motsognir Gopher server provides PHP5 and Plugin support.

Many current web-browsers have stopped supporting the gopher protocol directly, such as Mozilla Firefox. But 3rd-party addons and plugins are still available to replace browser-based Gopher functionality.

Inner moons of Jupiter

The inner moons of Jupiter are four small moons that orbit close to Jupiter. These moons are closely interconnected with the rings of Jupiter and serve as both sources and sinks of the ring's material. Their semi-major axes range between 128,000 and 222,000 km.

The members of the group are (in order from closest to farthest):

Metis and Adrastea each orbit Jupiter in less than one Jovian day (the time it takes for Jupiter to rotate once). Phobos, a moon of Mars, is the only other moon known to orbit its planet in less than the length of that planet's day.


Galilean moons

The Galilean moons are the four satellites of Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei: Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto. They are by far the biggest of the many moons of Jupiter.

Galileo Galilei found what came to be known as the Galilean moons around December 1609 or January 1610. As a result of improvements he made to the telescope, Galileo was able to see celestial bodies better than ever before in human history. Using his improved telescope, Galileo was the first to see four moons of Jupiter.

On January 7, 1610, Galileo wrote a letter containing the first mention of Jupiter’s moons. At the time, he only saw three of them, and he believed them to be fixed stars near Jupiter. He continued to look at them from January 8 through March 2. In these observations, he found a fourth body, and also observed that the four were not fixed stars, but rather were orbiting Jupiter.<ref name="Galilei/Helden, 15-16">Galilei/Helden, 15-16.</ref>
Galileo’s discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers. It showed there were objects in space to be found, which were not seen by the naked eye. More importantly, the discovery of celestial bodies orbiting something other than the Earth dealt a blow to the then-accepted Ptolemaic world system. This held that the Earth was at the center of the universe and all other celestial bodies revolved around it. That Jupiter has four moons while Earth has only one further undercut the near-universal belief that the Earth was the center of the universe both in position and in importance. Galileo's "Sidereus Nuncius" ("Starry Messenger"), which announced celestial observations through his telescope, does not mention Copernican heliocentrism, a theory that placed the Sun at the center of the universe. Nevertheless, Galileo believed in the Copernican theory.

Galileo also developed a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the Galilean moons.

A Chinese historian of astronomy claims that Chinese astronomer Gan De observed one of Jupiter's moons in 362 BC, but without a telescope it is difficult to see how this was done.

Galileo called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera ('Cosimo's stars'), in honour of Cosimo II de' Medici (1590–1621), grand-duke of Tuscany, whose patronage he wanted. At the grand-duke's suggestion, Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera ('the Medici stars'), honouring all four Medici brothers (Cosimo, Francesco, Carlo, and Lorenzo). The discovery was announced in the "Sidereus Nuncius" ('Starry Messenger'), published in Venice in March 1610, less than two months after the first observations.

Other names put forward, but the names which eventually prevailed were chosen by Simon Marius. Marius claimed to have found the moons at the same time as Galileo: he named them after lovers of the god Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter): "Io", "Europa", "Ganymede" and "Callisto", in his "Mundus Jovialis", published in 1614.

Galileo refused to use Marius's names and invented the numbering scheme that is still used nowadays, in parallel with proper moon names. 
The numbers run from Jupiter outward, thus I, II, III and IV for Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto respectively. Galileo used this system in his notebooks but never actually published it.

The Galilean moons are, in order from closest to Jupiter to farthest away:

All four Galilean moons are bright enough that they could, if they were farther away from Jupiter, be seen without a telescope. They have apparent magnitudes between 4.6 and 5.6 when Jupiter is in opposition with the Sun, and about one unit of magnitude dimmer when Jupiter is in conjunction. The main thing that is hard in observing them is due to the fact that they are very close to Jupiter, and are masked by its brightness. Their maximum angular separations from Jupiter are between 2 and 8 minutes of arc, close to the limit of human visual acuity. Ganymede and Callisto, at their maximum separation, are the likeliest targets for possible naked-eye observation. The easiest way to observe them is to cover Jupiter with an object, e.g. a tree limb or a power line that is perpendicular to the plane of moons' orbits.



Passion cantata

A Passion cantata is a cantata. The cantata takes its theme from the Passion of Jesus Christ, in other words his suffering until his death at the cross. Larger cantatas with this theme are known as oratorios.

Today, most of them are performed in the week before Easter.

In the English repertoire, the two classics are "The Crucifixion" (1887) by Sir John Stainer and "Olivet to Calvary" (1904) by John Henry Maunder. Other works include Sir Arthur Somervell's "The Passion of Christ" (1914), Charles Wood's "St. Mark Passion" (1921), Eric Thiman's "The Last Supper" (1930) and William Lloyd Webber's "The Saviour" (1942).

The most famous Passion cantatas are probably the two composed by Johann Sebastian Bach: the "St John Passion" (1724) and the "St Matthew Passion" (1727).

One notable work in Latin is Arvo Pärt's "Passio Domini Nostri Jesu Christi secundum Joannem" ("The Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ according to John") of 1982.

Aberdeen Grammar School

Aberdeen Grammar School is one of the twelve secondary schools run by the government in the City of Aberdeen, Scotland. It is run by the Aberdeen City Council education department. It is the oldest school in the city. It is one of oldest grammar schools in the United Kingdom. It is around 750 years old. Lord Byron went to the Aberdeen Grammar School. A statue of him has been placed in front of the school. 

Wireless Application Protocol

The Wireless Application Protocol ("WAP") is a protocol. It was made to allow devices like mobile phones to access the internet. 

Himalia group

The Himalia group is a group of prograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia and are thought to have a common origin.

The known members of the group are (in order from closest to farthest from Jupiter):
The orbit estimate of the recently found moon S/2000 J 11 also qualified it as a member of the group (it appeared to have the same inclination, and a slightly bigger semi-major axis)
but its orbit is not known exactly and the mean orbital elements have not yet been calculated.

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names in -a for the moons in this group.

The objects in the Himalia group have semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) in the range of 11,150,000 and 11,750,000 km, inclinations between 26.6° and 28.3°, and eccentricities of between 0.11 and 0.25.
All moons in the group are grey similar to C-type asteroids. It has been suggested that the group could be a remnant of the break-up of an asteroid from the main asteroid belt. The radius of the parent asteroid was probably about 89 km, only a bit bigger than that of Himalia, which retains approximately 87% of the mass of the original body. This indicates the asteroid was not heavily disturbed.

SOS

SOS (· · · — — — · · ·) is a Morse code. It is used as distress code, to signal danger. It was introduced by the German government in radio regulations on April 1, 1905. It became the worldwide standard when it was included in the second International Radiotelegraphic Convention, which was signed on November 3, 1906. The convention became effective on July 1, 1908.

From the beginning, the SOS distress signal has actually been a continuous sequence of three-dits/three-dahs/three-dits, all run together without letter spacing. In International Morse Code, three dits form the letter S, and three dahs make the letter O, so "SOS" became an easy way to remember the correct order of the dits and dahs. In modern terminology, SOS is a "procedural signal" or "prosign", and the formal way to write it is with a bar above the letters. It should be written SOS.

In popular usage, SOS became associated with phrases such as "Save Our Souls," "Save our Ship", and others. It is mostly known by "Save Our Ship". However, these phrases were a later development, most likely as a Mnemonic to help remember the correct letters—something known as a backronym. In reality the signal SOS is not an acronym and doesn't stand for anything.

Many songs have been made of the distress signal SOS, such as Message in a Bottle by The Police, "SOS" by ABBA, "SOS" by Rihanna, "S.O.S." by the Jonas Brothers, "Stranger" by Gamma, "S.O.S" by The Suicide Machines, "S.O.S" by Ola Svensson and "SOS" by Avicii.

Before radio communication was developed in the early 1890s, seagoing ships had already adopted many different visual and audio distress signals. They used such things as semaphore flags, signal flares, bells, and foghorns. In the beginning, radio was called "wireless telegraphy". It used Morse code, the dit-and-dah system originally developed for landline telegraphy.When radio communication was made available to ships, there was a need for standardized communication. Cooperation was somewhat limited by national differences and rivalries between different radio companies.

The first International Radiotelegraphic Conference was held in Berlin, Germany in 1903. At the time, Captain Quintino Bonomo, an Italian representative, discussed the need for common operating procedures. He also had the suggestion that "ships in distress... should send the signal SSS DDD at intervals of a few minutes", according to "The Wireless Telegraph Conference", in the November 27, 1903, issue of "The Electrician". Question on how to do things were beyond the scope of the 1903 Conference. Although Article IV of the Conference's Final Protocol, signed August 13, 1903, said that "Wireless telegraph stations should unless practically impossible, give priority to calls for help received from ships at sea," no standard signal was adopted at the time.

Because there were no international regulations, each ship was left to develop its own practices. For example in 1905 the crew of a sinking lightship off Nantucket transmitted the word "HELP" to call for rescue. Perhaps the first international radio distress call adopted was "CQD" ( — · — ·    — — · —    — · · ).
This was announced on January 7, 1904 by "Circular 57" of the Marconi International Marine Communication Company. It became effective for Marconi installations on February 1, 1904. Another suggestion appeared in the 1906 edition of S. S. Robison's "Manual of Wireless Telegraphy for the Use of Naval Electricians," published for use by the United States Navy. This stated that the standard visual flag signals, known as the International Code of Signals, would likely also be adopted for radio use. Therefore, the flag signal "NC" ( — ·     — · — · ), which stood for "In distress; want immediate assistance", would also likely become the radio distress call.

A third standard resulted in the creation of the SOS distress signal. The German government issued a set of national radio regulations. These were used from April 1, 1905. They introduced three new Morse code sequences, including the SOS distress signal:

SOS was developed from the general German radio call "SOE", with the 3 dits of a "S" easier to hear in static than the one dit of an "E". The string has no other meaning. It was also selected because it is easy to recognize and can be sent rapidly. Comparing SOS (di-di-di-dah-dah-dah-di-di-dit) with the older CQD (dah-di-dah-dit dah-dah-di-dah dah-di-dit) (— ·—· /—— ·—/—· ·) it is obvious how much simpler the new code is. It would not be mistaken for CQ,either. "CQ" is the radio code for "calling anyone" used in casual circumstances.

In 1906, the second International Radiotelegraphic Convention was held in Berlin. This convention developed many Service Regulations to be added to the main agreement, which was signed on November 3, 1906, and became effective on July 1, 1908. Article XVI of the regulations adopted Germany's "Notzeichen" distress signal as the international standard, reading: "Ships in distress shall use the following signal: · · · — — — · · ·  repeated at brief intervals". The first ship to transmit an SOS distress call appears to have been the Cunard liner "Slavonia" on June 10, 1909, according to "Notable Achievements of Wireless" in the September, 1910 "Modern Electrics". However, there was some resistance among the Marconi operators about adopting the new signal, and, as late as the April, 1912 sinking of the RMS Titanic, the ship's Marconi operators intermixed CQD and SOS distress calls. But with the need for consistency for public safety, the use of CQD appears to have generally disappeared after this point.

In both the April 1, 1905 German law, and the 1906 International regulations, the distress signal was specified as a continuous Morse code sequence of three-dits/three-dahs/three-dits, with no mention of any alphabetic equivalents. However, in International Morse three dits make the letter S, and three dahs the letter O, and it soon became common to refer to the distress signal as "SOS." An early report on "The International Radio-Telegraphic Convention" in the January 12, 1907 "Electrical World" said that "Vessels in distress use the special signal, SOS, repeated at short intervals." (In American Morse code, which was used by many coastal ships in the United States through the first part of the 20th century, three dahs stood for the numeral "5", so in a few cases the distress signal was informally referred to as "S5S").

In contrast to CQD, which was sent as three separate letters with spaces between each letter, the SOS distress call has always been transmitted as a continuous sequence of dits-and-dahs, and not as individual letters. There was no problem as long as operators were aware that "SOS" was technically just a convenient way for remembering the proper sequence of the distress signal's total of nine dits and dahs. In later years, the number of special Morse symbols increased. In order to designate the proper sequence of dits-and-dahs for a long special symbol, the standard practice is to list alphabetic characters which contain the same dits-and-dahs in the same order, with a bar atop the character sequence to indicate that there should not be any internal spaces in the transmission. Thus, under the modern notation, the distress signal becomes SOS. (In International Morse, VTB, IJS and SMB, among others, would also correctly translate into the · · · — — — · · ·  distress call sequence, but traditionally only SOS is used).

SOS has also sometimes been used as a visual distress signal, consisting of three-short/three-long/three-short light flashes, or with "SOS" spelled out in individual letters, for example, stamped in a snowbank or formed out of logs on a beach. The fact that SOS can be read right side up as well as upside down became important for visual recognition if viewed from above.


Additional warning and distress signals were introduced after SOS. On January 20, 1914, the London International Convention on Safety of Life at Sea adopted the Morse code signal TTT ( —  —  —), three letter T's (—) spaced correctly as three letters so as not to be confused with the letter O (- - -), as the "Safety Signal," used for messages to ships "involving safety of navigation and being of an urgent character." When radio transmitters that could send audio were developed, there was a need for a spoken distress phrase, and "Mayday" was adopted by the 1927 International Radio Convention as the equivalent of SOS. For TTT the equivalent audio signals are "Pan-pan" for urgency and "Securite" for navigational safety.

During the Second World War, additional codes were used to include immediate details about attacks by enemy vessels, especially in the Battle of the Atlantic. The signal SSS signalled attacked by submarines, whilst RRR warned of an attack by a surface raider, QQQ warned of an unknown raider (usually an auxiliary cruiser), and AAA indicated an attack by aircraft. They were usually sent in conjunction with the SOS distress code. All of these codes later switched from three repeats of the letter to four repeats ("RRRR", etc.).


Naturalization

Naturalization is when a person changes their nationality. Most people have the nationality of the country where they are born and grow up. In other cases, one can be a citizen of a country because the individual in question had a parent, grandparent, etc who was/is a citizen of a different country. If they move to another country they will still keep their own nationality at first, but if they stay there for many years and want to stay there for the rest of their lives they may want to change their nationality. 

Different countries have different laws about naturalization. Usually the person must make a promise in a court of law. He will have to promise to be a good citizen and obey the country's laws. Sometimes a country gives citizenship to someone who has not asked for it. Sometimes, someone can keep their first nationality as well as getting a new one. This is "dual nationality". Sometimes children whose parents have different nationalities are allowed to have dual nationality.

Someone who has been naturalized will normally have all the rights that any other person belonging to that country has.

The reverse also happens. States sometimes remove citizenship. This denaturalization can leave the former citizen stateless.

Semaphore line

A semaphore line is an installation used to send optical signals. It is also known as optical telegraph. Common system include signal towers with special installations on them or hand-held flags. The meaning of the signal is determined by the position of the elements, for example the flags. The signal can be read when it is in a stable position. In modern usage, it refers to signalling with a set of flags. 

Signal towers came before the electric telegraph. They were faster than sending out post riders with the information. 
The following semaphore characters are presented as one would face the flagman:

Ananke group

The Ananke group is a group of moons of Jupiter. They are retrograde non-spherical moons that follow similar orbits to Ananke and may have a common origin.

Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, their inclinations between 145.7° and 154.8°, and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28.
The core members include (from biggest to smallest):
The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names ending in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.

The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and broken apart by a collision.

Based on the sizes of the moons, the original asteroid may have been about 28 km in diameter. Since this value is near the approximate diameter of Ananke itself, it is likely the parent body was not heavily disrupted.

Three of the moons of the family (Harpalyke, Praxidike and Iocaste) display similar grey colours while Ananke itself is on the boundary between grey and light red.

Carme group

The Carme group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin.

Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 22,900,000 and 24,100,000 km, their inclinations between 164.9° and 165.5°, and their orbital eccentricities between 0.23 and 0.27 (with one exception).
The core members include (from biggest to smallest):

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.
The Carme group may once have been a single body that was broken apart by an impact. Further support to the single body origin comes from the known colours: all the moons appear light red,
and infrared spectra, similar to D-type asteroids.

Alexis Bouvard

Alexis Bouvard (June 27, 1767 – June 7, 1843) was a French astronomer. He is particularly noted for his careful observations of the irregulrities in the motion of Uranus and his hypothesis of the existence of an eighth planet in the solar system.

George Biddell Airy

Sir George Biddell Airy (27 July 1801–2 January 1892) was an English mathematician and astronomer, Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881. His many achievements include work on planetary orbits, measuring the mean density of the Earth, a method of solution of two-dimensional problems in solid mechanics and, in his role as Astronomer Royal, establishing Greenwich at the location of the prime meridian. His reputation has been tarnished by allegations that, through his inaction, Britain lost the opportunity of priority in the discovery of Neptune.


Pasiphaë group

The Pasiphaë group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Pasiphaë and are thought of have a common origin.

Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km (the same range as the Carme group), their inclinations between 144.5° and 158.3°, and their eccentricities between 0.25 and 0.43.

Core members of the group include (from the biggest to the smallest):


The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names ending in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.

The Pasiphaë group is believed to have been formed when Jupiter captured an asteroid which broke up after a collision. The original asteroid was not disturbed heavily: the original body is calculated to have been 60 km in diameter, about the same size as Pasiphaë; Pasiphaë has 99% of the original body's mass. However, if Sinope belongs to the group, the amount is much smaller, 87%.

The differences of colour between the objects (grey for Pasiphaë, light red for Callirrhoe and Megaclite) also suggest that the group could have a more complex origin than a single collision.

Rashomon

The movie is based on two short stories by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa.

The fictional plot is set in Japan in the Heian period.
There is a murder and rape in a forest: these things happen to different characters.
The movie is famous for having an unusual type of story. The same event is described differently by the four different people involved in it. Most movies describe the same things in one way during the entire movie. The four people said different things. The movie does not say which person is right.

The 1964 movie "The Outrage" was a remake of "Rashomon". Kurosawa was acknowledged for the screenplay. The movie's concept is also mirrored in many other movies, including "Hero", "Vantage Point", "Courage Under Fire" and "Basic".



James Challis

James Challis (12 December 1803 – 3 December 1882) was an English clergyman, physicist and astronomer. Plumian Professor and director of the Cambridge Observatory, he investigated a wide range of physical phenomena though made few lasting contributions outside astronomy. He is best remembered for his missed opportunity to discover the planet Neptune in 1846.

Heinrich Louis d'Arrest

Heinrich Louis d'Arrest (13 July 1822 – 14 June 1875) was a Prussian astronomer, born in Berlin. His name is sometimes given as Heinrich Ludwig d'Arrest. He died in Copenhagen, Denmark.



Olin J. Eggen

Olin Jeuck Eggen (July 9, 1919 – October 2, 1998) was an American astronomer. Some sources incorrectly give his name as Olin Jenck Eggen.



John Herschel

Sir John Frederick William Herschel, 1st Baronet (7 March 1792 – 11 May 1871)
was an English mathematician, astronomer, chemist, and experimental photographer/inventor. He was the son of astronomer Sir William Herschel and the father of 12 children.


Berlin Observatory

The Berlin Observatory (Berliner Sternwarte in German) has its origins in 1700 when Gottfried Leibniz initiated the "Societät der Wissenschaften" (Brandenburgische Science Society) which would later (1744) become the "Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften" (Prussian Academy of Sciences). The Society had no observatory, but nevertheless had an astronomer, Gottfried Kirch, who observed from a private observatory in Berlin. A first small observatory was furnished in 1711, financing itself through calendrical computations.

Astronomer Royal

Astronomer Royal is a senior post in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom. There are two officers, the senior being the Astronomer Royal dating from 22 June 22 1675, and the second the Astronomer Royal for Scotland, which dates from 1834. No Catholic or Jew has ever held the position. 

King Charles II, who founded the Royal Observatory, Greenwich in 1675 instructed the first Astronomer Royal John Flamsteed, "to apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation".

From that time until 1972 the Astronomer Royal was Director of the Royal Observatory Greenwich. As Astronomer Royal he receives a stipend of £100 a year and is a member of the Royal Household, under the general authority of the Lord Chamberlain. After the separation of the two offices the position of Astronomer Royal has been largely honorary, though he remains available to advise the Sovereign on astronomical and related scientific matters, and the office is of great prestige.

Royal Observatory, Greenwich

The Royal Observatory, Greenwich (Royal Greenwich Observatory or 'RGO') was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II.

At this time the king also created the position of Astronomer Royal, for John Flamsteed, to beas the director of the observatory.

He was to "apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation". 

The Observatory is on a hill in Greenwich Park in Greenwich, London, overlooking the River Thames.

The Greenwich Meridian runs through the site of the Observatory. It is the line at which the longitude is defined as 0°.

Keira Knightley

Keira Christina Knightley, (; born 26 March 1985) is a Golden Globe and Academy Award nominated English actress. She is best known for her first major movie role as Elizabeth Swann in the Pirates of the Caribbean movie trilogy, and as Elizabeth Bennet in "Pride & Prejudice".

Knightley was born on 26 March 1985 in Teddington, London, England. Her mother, Sharman Macdonald, is Scottish. Her father, Will Knightley, is English. He wanted to name his daughter "Kiera", after the Russian ice skater, Kira Ivanova. When her mother went to register her, she misspelt the name. Knightley has an older brother, Caleb. When Knightley lived in Richmond, she studied at Stanley Junior School, Teddington School and Esher College.

When Knightley was three years old, she asked to her parents to hire an agent for her. They promised to do this, if she studied very well. That's why Keira was a good and diligent pupil.


Carnosaur

Carnosaurs are a subgroup of the theropod dinosaurs. They are the clade Carnosauria. The term was once used very widely, but is now defined more narrowly. It is called by some authorities the Allosauroidea.

The group includes some of the main carnivores of the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, such as "Allosaurus", "Carcharodontosaurus" and "Neovenator". Modern cladistic analysis defines Carnosauria (or Allosauroidea) as those tetanurans which share a more recent common ancestor with "Allosaurus" than with modern birds.

Carnosaurs are characterized by several features. Some features must have been adaptations to their large size, such as their open skull, made of struts rather than solid bone. They had 
large eyes and a long, narrow skull. The femur ("thigh bone") is usually larger than the tibia ("shin bone"). This suggests close-to action was controlled by sight. 

The legs are adapted for running, but not extremely so. They had strong arms, probably used to wrestle prey as the teeth bit in. The structure of an "Allosaurus" suggests a strongly-built general all-round predator. This is a different from a tyrannosaur like "Albertosaurus", which was better adapted for running on open ground. Tyrannosaurs, with their small two-fingered hands, would use their heads for killing prey, and for head-butting rivals.

The idea that the group became extinct at the end of the Jurassic is refuted. It is now known that the Neovenatorid clade survived until the end of the Mesozoic. This group (see cladogram below) included "Aerosteon", "Australovenator", "Fukuiraptor" and "Neovenator".


The cladogram presented here follows the 2010 analysis by Benson, Carrano and Brusatte.

Lake Pontchartrain

Lake Pontchartrain ( in English; "Lac Pontchartrain," [lak pɔ̃ʃaʀtʀɛ̃] in French) is a brackish lake in southeastern Louisiana. It is the second largest salt-water lake in the United States, after the Great Salt Lake in Utah, and the largest lake in Louisiana. 

It has an area of 630 square miles (1630 square km) with an average depth of 12 to 14 feet (about 4 meters). Some shipping channels are kept deeper through dredging. It is roughly oval in shape, about 40 miles (64 km) wide and 24 miles (39 km) from south to north.


Bianca (moon)

Bianca is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-23, and was given the designation S/1986 U 9. It was named after the sister of Katherine in Shakespeare's play "The Taming of the Shrew". It is also designated Uranus VIII.

Bianca belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Other than its orbit, radius of 27 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Bianca appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Bianca's prolate spheroid is 0.7 ± 0.2. Its surface is grey in color.


Cressida (moon)

Cressida is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-09, and was given the designation S/1986 U 3. It was named after the Trojan daughter of Calchas, a tragic heroine who appears in William Shakespeare's play "Troilus and Cressida" (as well as in tales by Geoffrey Chaucer and others). It is also designated Uranus IX.

Cressida belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Desdemona, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Other than its orbit, radius of 41 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Cressida appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axes of Cressida's prolate spheroid is 0.8 ± 0.3. Its surface is grey in color.


Desdemona (moon)

Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-13, and was given the designation S/1986 U 6. Desdemona is named after the wife of Othello in William Shakespeare's play "Othello". It is also designated Uranus X.

Desdemona belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 34 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Desdemona appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Desdemona's prolate spheroid is 0.6 ± 0.3. Its surface is grey in color.


Honeydew (disambiguation)

Honeydew could mean:


Art Pepper

Arthur Edward "Art" Pepper, Jr. (September 1, 1925–June 15, 1982) was an American jazz alto saxophonist. He was born in Gardena, California United States. Pepper began his musical career in the 1940s playing with Benny Carter. Along with Chet Baker, Gerry Mulligan, Shelly Manne and others, he performed and recorded a lot of very good music.
Some of his most famous albums are "Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section", "The Aladdin Recordings" (three volumes), "Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics", "Gettin' Together", and "Smack Up". 

He wrote a book in 1980 called "Straight Life". The book is about his life and his music. It was very popular because it was honest, and very good. There was also a movie made called "Art Pepper: Notes from a Jazz Survivor", which is available on DVD.


Squash (sport)

Squash is a sport in which two players hit a ball with a racket (or "Racquet"). The aim of the game is to beat the other player by hitting the front wall and making the ball bounce twice on the floor before they can hit their turn, or for them to hit the ball out of play.

The ball is made of rubber. It is hollow. When it is warm (due to being hit many times) it bounces more. Balls are marked with different coloured dots. They are made to bounce at different speeds depending on the colour of the dots. Balls with two yellow dots are slow, while balls with one yellow dot are a little bit faster. Balls with green or white dots are average. Balls with red or blue dots are fast.

The racket (or "Racquet") is similar to a tennis racket, but it's lighter and smaller.The specifications have changed over the years and now the rackets are becoming larger. The limit for racquet head size is 500 square centimeters.

Squash games are played to at least 11 points, and the winning player must win by two points. Games can go on indefinitely until one player gains a two-point lead. Matches are won by the first player to win three games (best of five games). A point is scored when a player hits a shot which strikes the front wall of the court and then bounces twice before that player's opponent hits it to the front wall. A point is also scored when a player hits the ball too high (called "out") or too low on the front wall (when it will hit the tin, which rises 18 inches off the floor on the front wall). Every point is started with a serve, which must be hit from one of the small service boxes on either side of the court, must hit the front wall above the service line across the middle of the front wall, and must land in the back quarter of the court on the opposite side from where the serve was hit.

If one player gets in the way of the other who is trying to get to the ball, that player can ask the referee for a "let," which results in the point being replayed. If a player prevents the other player from swinging at the ball, creating a dangerous situation, that player can appeal for a "stroke," which results in the player who could not safely hit the ball winning the point. If the referee feels that the swinging player could not have reached the ball, or did not make every effort to get to it, then the referee can award "no let," which means that the point ends as it would have had no one asked for a let or stroke.

Squash was played by Jahangir Khan who had dominated it for 25 years. He had beat Rodney Martin from Australia 15-5, 15-8, and 15-10 in the final round. He can be considered the #1 squash player. Currently, the most top players come from either Egypt (Ramy Ashour, Mohammed El Shorbagy, Amr Shabana) or England (Nick Matthew, James Willstrop, Deryl Selby, Peter Barker).


Juliet (moon)

Juliet is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-03, and was given the designation S/1986 U 2. It is named after the heroine of William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet". It is also designated Uranus XI.

Juliet belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 53 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Juliet appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Juliet's prolate spheroid is 0.5 ± 0.3, which is rather an extreme value. Its surface is grey in color.


Low Saxon

Low Saxon or Lower Saxon may refer to:




Project Runway

Project Runway is a reality television series where clothing designers compete. It is shown on the Bravo network. The winner of the first season was Jay McCarroll. The winner of the second season was Chloe Dao. The winner of the third season was Jeffrey Sebelia.

Contestants

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

Lommis

Lommis is a municipality in Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Mammern

Mammern is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

It is by the Lake Constance. It has a population of 560 people.

Märstetten

Märstetten is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Matzingen

Matzingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Müllheim, Switzerland

Müllheim is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Münsterlingen

Münsterlingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Neunforn

Neunforn is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Pfyn

Pfyn is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Raperswilen

Raperswilen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Rickenbach, Thurgau

Rickenbach is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Roggwil, Thurgau

Roggwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Romanshorn

Romanshorn is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Franconian Dialect

The Franconian Dialect () is a dialect, which is spoken in Flanders and French Flanders, the Netherlands (except the northeast), Luxembourg, the western central part of Germany and bordering France.

Tübingen

Tübingen is a city in the German state Baden-Württemberg. It has about 83,000 people (2007). Tübingen is a traditional university town. About one in ten people living in Tübingen is a student.

Between 1470 and 1483, St. George's Collegiate Church was built. The collegiate church offices provided the opportunity for what soon afterwards became the most significant event in Tübingen's history: the founding of the Eberhard Karls University by Duke Eberhard im Bart of Württemberg in 1477, thus making it one of the oldest universities in Central Europe. The University of Tübingen became soon renowned as one of the most influential places of learning in the Holy Roman Empire, especially for theology. A Protestant faculty, Tübinger Stift, was established in 1535 in the former Augustinian monastery.

Salenstein

Salenstein is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Salenstein was the home village of Napoleon III who passed there his youth at Castle Arenenberg.

Salmsach

Salmsach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Schlatt bei Diessenhofen

Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Schönholzerswilen

Schönholzerswilen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Bong

A bong or a water pipe is a special pipe. When a person smokes with a bong, they pull the smoke through the water in it. This makes the smoke not as hot. Most often, either tobacco or cannabis are smoked with it.


Sirnach

Sirnach is a municipality in Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Sommeri

Sommeri is a municipality in Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Stettfurt

Stettfurt is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Sulgen

Sulgen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Violin Concerto (Berg)

Alban Berg's Violin Concerto was written in 1935. It is one of the most famous concertos for the violin written in the 20th century. It is also probably Berg's best known and most often performed piece.

Berg was asked to write a violin concerto for the violinist Louis Krasner. At the time he was working hard on his opera "Lulu", which took him several years to write. He stopped working on the opera for four months in the summer of 1935 so that he could write the violin concerto. He had probably already started the concerto when he heard the sad news of the death of a girl called Manon Gropius, the daughter of Alma Mahler (who had once been Gustav Mahler's wife) and Walter Gropius. Berg decided to dedicate the concerto to Manon. He wrote at the top of the work: "To the memory of an angel."

When Berg died on 24 December 1935 he had not finished "Lulu". It is possible he might have finished it if he had not spent time writing the violin concerto. The work was first performed after the composer's death, with Krasner playing the solo part, on 19 April 1936 in Barcelona.

The instruments in the orchestra for the Violin Concerto are: 2 flutes (both doubling as piccolo), 2 oboes, (one doubling as a cor anglais), alto saxophone (doubling as a clarinet), 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 2 trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion, harp piano and strings.

The concerto has two movements. Each movement is also divided into two sections. The first movement begins with an Andante in classical sonata form, followed by the Allegretto, a dance-like section. The second movement starts with an Allegro which uses a small rhythmic idea. The solo part is very difficult to play here. The orchestra plays very loudly and comes to a big climax. The work ends quietly. The first two sections are meant to be about life, the last two sections are about death.

Berg composed music using the twelve tone technique that he had learned from his teacher Arnold Schoenberg, but his music also sounds at times as if it is an ordinary major or minor key. A piece of music using twelve tone technique starts with twelve notes in which each of the 12 pitches (C, C sharp, D etc.) is used before it can be repeated.

Here is Berg's tone row in the Violin Concerto:

This tone row does not sound as random as many tone rows are because parts of it sound quite tonal. This is because the first three notes are a G minor triad; notes three to five are a D major triad; notes five to seven are an A minor triad; notes seven to nine are an E major triad; and the last four notes together make up part of a whole tone scale. The first notes of each group of triads together form G, D, A and E, which are the open strings of the violin. The opening of the concerto makes this very obvious.

The last four notes of the row, rising whole tones, are also the first four notes of the chorale melody, "Es ist genug" ("It Is Enough"). Berg quotes this chorale in the last movement of the piece, using the harmony composed by Johann Sebastian Bach.

There is also another quotation in the piece: a Carinthian folk song. It is unusual to have a simple folk song in the middle of a concerto. Berg wanted it to describe Manon Gropius, a simple young girl.

Many people find twelve tone music hard to listen to, but this concerto is easier than most serial works to understand. This is partly because some of the music is tonal, but also because of the programme: the idea behind the music (Manon, life and death).

Portia (moon)

Portia is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-03, and was given the designation S/1986 U 1. The moon is named after Portia, the heroine of William Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice". It is also designated Uranus XII.

Portia is the second biggest closer moon of Uranus after Puck. The Portian orbit, which lies inside Uranus' synchronous orbital radius, is slowly shrinking due to tidal deceleration. The moon will one day either break up into a planetary ring or hit Uranus.

It heads a group of moons called Portia Group, which includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties.

Little is known about Portia beyond its size of about 140 km, orbit, and geometric albedo of about 0.08.

In the Voyager 2 images, Portia appears as a stretched object whose major axis points towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Portia's prolate spheroid is 0.8 ± 0.1. Its surface is grey in color. Observations with Hubble Space Telescope and large terrestrial telescopes found water ice absorption features in the spectrum of Portia.


Tom and Jerry Tales

Tom and Jerry Tales is an animated television series which began production in 2006. It was on The CW's "Kids WB" block. The series stars the well-known title characters from the "Tom and Jerry" shorts, and is the first made for TV cartoon to emulate the theatrical shorts. It grew from direct-to-video movies "" (2001), "" (2005), "" (2005), "" (2006), and "" (2007).


Ragıp Zarakolu

Ragıp Zarakolu (born 1948) is a Turkish publisher who has long faced legal problems for publishing books on controversial things in Turkey, especially on minority and human rights in Turkey. 

Ragıp Zarakolu was born in 1948 on the island of Büyükada close to Istanbul. His father, Remzi Zarakolu, was the district governor on that island. Ragıp Zarakolu grew up with members of the Greek and Armenian minority in Turkey and began writing for "Ant" and "Yeni Ufuklar" magazines in 1968.

In 1971, the Turkish government was overthrown. Ragıp Zarakolu was tried on charges of secret relations to Amnesty International. He spent five months in prison before being declared innocent. In 1972 he was sentenced to 2 years in prison for his paragraph in the journal "Ant" (Oath) on "Ho Chi Minh and the Vietnam War". He stayed in Selimiye Prison (in Istanbul) and was set free in 1974 after a general amnesty. On his release Zarakolu refused to abandon his work for freedom of thought, because he wanted different thoughts and cultures to be available in Turkey.

The Belge Publishing House, established in Istanbul in 1977 by Zarakolu and his wife Ayşenur, has been a focus for Turkish censorship laws ever since. The couple were imprisoned and the books confiscated and destroyed.

In 1979 he was one of the founders of the daily newspaper "Demokrat" and took responsibility for the news desk on foreign affairs. The paper was banned and Ragıp Zarakolu was imprisoned in 1982 because of his link to "Demokrat". He was banned from leaving the country between 1971 and 1991. In 1986 he became one of 98 starters of the Human Rights Association in Turkey. For some time he chaired the Writers in Prison Committee of International PEN in Turkey. In 2007 he chaired the Committee for Freedom of Publication in the Union of Publishers.

Until the military coup of 12 September 1980, "Belge" Publishing House mostly published academic and theoretical books. Afterwards "Belge" started to publish books written by political prisoners. The series of 35 books consisted of poems, shorts stories, and novels. This includes more than 10 translations of Greek literature, 10 books on the Armenian Question and five books related to the Jews in Turkey. There are also a number of books dealing with the Kurds in Turkey.

He also published several books on the Armenian Genocide – such as George Jerjian's book "History Will Free All of Us/Turkish-Armenian Conciliation" and Professor Dora Sakayan's "An Armenian Doctor in Turkey: Garabed Hatcherian: My Smyrna Ordeal of 1922" – which brought new criminal charges in 2005.

In 1995 the Belge Publishing House offices were firebombed, forcing it to be housed in a cellar. Since his wife's death in 2002, Zarakolu continues to face further prosecutions.


Press release / OSCE

Aska Yang

Aska Yang (born April 4, 1978) is a popular Taiwanese singer and a member of Million Star Gang (星光幫).

Aska Yang is listed in "Taiwan Who is Who 2007-2008" and he is also ranked the 2nd place of Yahoo! Taiwan Person of the Year 2007, the 2nd place of United Daily Star News of the Year 2007, the 1st place of Apple Daily Person of the Year 2007 and one of the Top Five Newcomers 2007 chosen by SinaNet.

On November 17, 2007, Aska Yang was invited to perform at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall for the 42nd Golden Bell Awards (金鐘獎) in Taipei. He sang a medley of eleven classic TV drama theme songs from the past century.

Aska Yang was born on April 4, 1978 in Taoyuan, Taiwan. He graduated from Naili Primary School in 1990, Tzu-Chiang Junior School in 1994, and National Chungli Senior High School in 1996. During his college time at the National Changhua University of Education (NCUE), Aska attended numerous singing competitions at or out of the campus and won several championships. In 2007, he was a contestant on the show One Million Star, a singing competition that was broadcast on CTV. Later that year, he graduated from the Department of Guidance & Counseling at the National Changhua University of Education . In 2009, he started his master's degree program in the Sports Psychology Department at the National Taiwan Sport University, NTSU.


Ara Gevorgyan

Ara Gevorgian (Gevorgyan) (born April 19, 1960, Yerevan) is an Armenian musician, composer and musical producer. In 2004 he was awarded by the "Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia" title by the President Robert Kocharyan.

Gevorgian is the son of well-known Armenian folk-singer Valya Samvelyan. He studied at #31 school of Yerevan and at the A. Tigranyan musical school at the same time. During the two years he studied at Yerevan #8 college of Fine Arts. From 1983 to 1987 he studied at Armenian pedagogical institute after Khachatur Abovyan at the faculty of wood wide instruments and pop music department. 
In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute, then he worked at Armenian Television ("3-Aliq" TV program). 

In 1983 he founded the "Rally" Armenian pop-rock band, the participant of "Song - 85" festival. 

He participated in the Opening Ceremony of the Cultural Year of Armenia in Russia hosted at the Moscow Kremlin Music Hall and honored by the presence of the presidents of Armenia and Russia Robert Kocharyan and Vladimir Putin respectively and the famous singer Charles Aznavour.

Ara Gevorgian co-operates with Jivan Gasparyan, Ian Gillan, Demis Roussos, Pedro Eustache, Daniel Decker and others. Among his most popular songs are "Adana", "Artsakh", "Ov Hayots Ashkharh" and "Ovkyanosits ayn koghm".


Heidi Klum

Heidi Klum Kaulitz (born 1 June 1973) is a German model, actress and singer. She hosts "Project Runway" and "Germany's Next Top Model". She also models for "Victoria's Secret".

Heidi was born in Bergisch Gladbach, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Her father was a company leader and her mother was a hair stylist. She won a modelling competition. She beat over 25,000 other people. She got $300,000 from it, and modeled in the United States. She has been on the cover of many magazines. These include "Vogue Magazine", "Elle", and "Marie Claire". She became famous for being in "Sports Illustrated".

She is now the host and a judge on Project Runway. It is a show where clothing designers compete to win $100,000 to make designs. She had chances to win Emmys for the first three seasons of the show. She also is the primary host of "Germany's Next Topmodel" and therefore mostly known as a german juror and model. It is similar to "America's Next Top Model" which is hosted by Tyra Banks.

Heidi married Ric Pipino in 1997. Ric was a hair stylist for famous people. They separated in 2002. After the separation, Klum was with race car businessman Flavio Briatore. She became pregnant with his baby. They separated after he was with another woman. Her daughter was born on 4 May 2004 in New York City. Her name is Helene 'Leni' Klum.

She was in a relationship with Seal, a musician, while pregnant with Leni. They were married 10 May 2005 in Mexico. They have two sons, Henry Günther Ademola Dashtu Samuel, born 12 September 2005 in Los Angeles, California, and Johan Riley Fyodor Taiwo Samuel born 22 November 2006 in Los Angeles. They also have a daughter together named Lou born 9 October 2009. Seal acts as Leni's father and has adopted her. The couple divorced in 2015.

In February 2019, she married Tokio Hotel guitarist Tom Kaulitz.


Ceratosauria

Ceratosaurs are a group of theropod dinosaurs. They are defined as "all theropods sharing a more recent common ancestry with "Ceratosaurus" than with birds". 

Ceratosauria includes the Upper Jurassic to Upper Cretaceous theropods "Ceratosaurus", "Elaphrosaurus", and "Abelisaurus", found mainly in the southern hemisphere. 

The earlies known Ceratosaur is from the Middle Jurassic of Patagonia, "Eoabelisaurus". This predates the oldest "certainly known" known member of the lineage by more than 40 million years. The almost complete skeleton of "Eoabelisaurus" shows the earliest evolutionary stages of the distinctive abelisaurid modification of the forelimb. 

Originally, Ceratosauria included the above dinosaurs plus the Upper Triassic to Lower Jurassic "Coelophysis" and "Dilophosaurus". This implied a much earlier divergence of ceratosaurs from other theropods. However, recent studies have shown that coelophysoids and dilophosaurids do not form a natural group with other ceratosaurs, and so they are excluded from this group.

Rosalind (moon)

Rosalind is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on January 13, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986 U 4. It was named after the daughter of the banished Duke in William Shakespeare's play "As You Like It". It is also designated Uranus XIII.

Rosalind belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 36 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Rosalind appears as an almost spherical object. The ratio of axises of the Rosalind's prolate spheroid is 1.0-0.8. Its surface is grey in color.


Cupid (moon)

Cupid is an inner moon (which makes it one of the closer moons) of Uranus. It was found by Mark Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope. It was named after a character in William Shakespeare's play "Timon of Athens".

It is the smallest of the closer Uranian moons, estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter. This and the dark surface made it too dim to be detected by the "Voyager 2" cameras during its Uranus flyby in 1986.

The orbit of Cupid is only 863 km from the orbit of the bigger moon Belinda. Amazingly, compared to Mab and Perdita, the recently found Uranian moons, it does not seem to be perturbed.

Following its discovery, Cupid was given the designation S/2003 U 2. It is also designated Uranus XXVII.

It should not be confused with the asteroid 763 Cupido.


Uzi

The Uzi is a type of submachine gun (SMG). It is famous for being very small and easy to carry, much more easily than any SMG made in World War II. It does this by loading magazines inside the grip, much like a pistol. It was not the first submachine gun to do this, but the Uzi was the first used on a large scale. 

There are different kinds of Uzis: Mini Uzi, which is a smaller version of the Uzi; Micro Uzi, which is only slightly larger than a standard pistol; Para Micro Uzi, which was made for Counter Terrorist Units; and the Uzi Pistol, which is semi-automatic (it fires one bullet every time you pull the trigger). All of these kinds of Uzis are still in use by the special forces today. It is slowly being replaced by the MP-5.

Uzis were invented by an Israeli army officer, Uziel Gal. This gun was first used in 1956. Uzis were used in the 1967 Six Day War by Israel. They are made by Israel Military Industries and also by the Belgian weapon company, FN.

Even though Uziel Gal told his manufacturers not to name the weapon after him, they ignored his request and did so anyway.


Escape the Fate

Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas, Nevada.

The band was formed in 2004, in 2005 they won a radio competition to open for My Chemical Romance which led to a signing to Epitaph Records. In the year 2006 the band released debut album, "Dying Is Your Latest Fashion". With the new frontman Craig Mabbitt (Former Blessthefall vocalist) the band released the album "This War Is Ours" in October 2008. In 2010, the band released the third album, "Escape The Fate", in November.

The lead vocalist Ronnie Radke left the band in 2008 due to legal issues. Radke left the jail in December 2010 and is currently a vocalist in the post-hardcore band Falling in Reverse. In 2012, founding member Max Green was kicked out due to drug abuse and missing shows and he was permanently replaced by Thomas "TJ" Bell, formerly of Motionless In White and Micheal Money, brother of Bryan "Monte" Money was introduced as official rythmn guitarist.









Post-hardcore

Post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself a part of the broader punk rock movement. One of the main influences on this genre is the band Fugazi. 

Post-hardcore uses elements of hardcore, along with emo, metal, alternative rock or whatever, to create a more experimental sound. It can be more melodic than normal hardcore, but sometimes is heavier.


Tropical Storm Olga (2007)

Tropical Storm Olga was the fifteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. In the second week of December, after the end of the hurricane season, a low formed east of the northern Lesser Antilles. It slowly became subtropical, and late on December 10, the NHC declared it "Subtropical Storm Olga" while just north of Puerto Rico. It was the first post-season storm since Tropical Storm Zeta in the 2005 season, making this season one of the few with activity both before and after the hurricane season. The storm made landfall on December 11 on the eastern side of the Dominican Republic. Later that evening, Olga turned into a tropical storm, just after making landfall. Olga tracked over Hispaniola and emerged in the Caribbean Sea. Unfavorable conditions caused Olga to weaken into a remnant low early on December 13.

The storm impacted many areas affected by Tropical Storm Noel a month earlier. In Puerto Rico, moderate rainfall caused one death. 37 fatalities were confirmed in the Dominican Republic, including twenty deaths due to the release of floodgates at a dam in Santiago Province. Two deaths were also reported in Haiti.

In early December, a low moving to the west led to the formation of a broad surface trough to the east of the northern Lesser Antilles. With a strong ridge to its northeast, the trough tracked slowly westward, creating scattered convection and some turning. On December 8, convection began to continue with the trough and an upper-level low. Early on December 9, several tropical cyclone forecast models expected its development of tropical characteristics. The system, which included of a sharp trough with an area of gale force winds to its north, continued west through an area of warm sea surface temperatures. On December 10, a circulation developed within the system, though its convection had become unorganized and well-removed from the center. Wind shear from the south left the structure damaged, but convection increased closer to the center. With an low just south of the center, the National Hurricane Center classified it as Subtropical Storm Olga on December 11 while located about 55 miles (85 km) east of San Juan, Puerto Rico.

After being classified as a subtropical cyclone, Olga kept an organized outflow, and located to the southeast of a strong ridge over the western Atlantic Ocean, the cyclone moved west-southwestward. The storm strengthened a little bit while moving along the northern coast of Puerto Rico, and after an increase in convection near the center, Olga made landfall near Punta Cana, Dominican Republic at 1800 UTC on December 11. A Hurricane Hunters flight into the storm reported peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h), and on December 12, the National Hurricane Center reclassified Olga as a tropical cyclone while it was still inland. Convection quickly weakened as the storm crossed central Hispaniola, and after reaching the Caribbean Sea the system lacked the convection required for the classification of a tropical cyclone; rainbands well to its northeast had stronger winds, though the center became very disorganized with dry air and strong wind shear. Late on December 12, convection increased a little bit over the center, though by that time the cyclone weakened to tropical depression status. As a certain amount of convection failed to exist, the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Olga earlier on December 13 while located about 80 miles (130 km) northwest of Kingston, Jamaica. Its remnants continued west-northwestward with a clear low-level circulation, creating scattered thunderstorms over Cuba and the Cayman Islands with its moisture extending northward into southern Florida.

On December 10, the Tropical Prediction Center gave out a gale warning for waters north of the Lesser Antilles, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic, in association with the disturbance that would later become Olga. Right after it being classified as a subtropical cyclone, the government of the Dominican Republic gave out a tropical storm warning from Cabo Engaño along the north coast to its border with Haiti; a tropical storm watch was also issued along the southern coastline to near Santo Domingo. Because winds were well to the north of its center, a tropical storm warning was not issued for Puerto Rico. Just before the storm moved ashore, the government of Haiti issued a tropical storm warning for its northern coastline, and later a tropical storm warning was issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands, as well as the southeastern Bahamas.

The San Juan National Weather Service office issued a flood watch for all of Puerto Rico, including the islands of Culebra and Vieques. Continued periods of heavy rainfall also resulted in flash flood warnings for areas across the island. Ferry service between Fajardo and the islands of Culebra and Vieques was temporarily stopped during the passage of the storm. In the Dominican Republic, officials opened shelters in 15 provinces, with citizens in low-lying areas recommended to stay elsewhere during the passage of the storm; citizens in 22 communities were evacuated.

The cyclone dropped light to moderate precipitation across Puerto Rico, with the maximum rainfall amount at 9.54 inches (242 mm) in Villalba. The rainfall increased levels along several rivers across the island, including the Arecibo Big River which was reported at several feet above flood stage. Its passage left about 79,000 people without power and 144,000 without water. In the northern portion of the island, the rainfall caused a mudslide that buried an automobile, which killed its driver.

Heavy rainfall fell across the Dominican Republic, with isolated totals of 10 inches (250 mm) expected. The rainfall caused flooding along the River Yaque del Norte, and at first there appeared to be a threat that the Tavera Dam along the river would fail, potentially killing thousands in Santiago Province. Officials instead chose to open all six floodgates at 0400 UTC on December 12, which released about 1.6 million gallons (6.1 million liters) of water into the river every second. It formed a 66 foot (20 m) wave of water is a result that caught many off guard due to the time of night and only about 15 minutes to prepare, according to eyewitnesses who criticized the decision; the flooding killed at least 20 people and left homes seven towns flooded. Two other deaths were reported elsewhere in the country, and more than 34,000 people fled their homes due to the storm; more than 7,500 houses were damaged. In neighboring Haiti, two deaths were reported in the northern portion of the country.

On December 11, a station in the Turks and Caicos Islands recorded sustained winds of 36 mph (58 km/h).



Santiago Province (Dominican Republic)

Santiago is a Dominican province in the north central part of the country. Its capital city is Santiago de los Caballeros, the second largest city in the country, and the province takes its name from that city.

The province is in the eastern part of the "Yaque del Norte Valley" and the River Yaque del Norte runs through the province. The Yaque del Norte Valley, also named "Línea Noroeste" ("Northwestern Line"), is the western section of the "Cibao Valley".

The province has been an important administrative territory since colonial times. Because it was an important centre, its capital city was occupied by French and Haitian armies that came from the northwest border.

It was one of the original five provinces created by the first Dominican Constitution in 1844; its territory was the northwest of the country and part of the north coast (Puerto Plata), from Monte Cristi and Dajabón to the west to Moca to the east. Moca was made part of the La Vega province in 1854.

Several provinces were created with part of its original territory: Puerto Plata in 1865, Monte Cristi in 1879, Dajabón in 1938, Santiago Rodríguez in 1950 and, last, Valverde in 1959.

San José de las Matas is a municipality of the province since 1844; later, other municipalities were created: Jánico in 1881, Tamboril in 1907, Bisonó in 1961, Licey al Medio in 1984, Villa González in 1991, Puñal in 2006 and Sabana Iglesia in 2007.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

The Santiago province is bordered to the northwest by the province of Valverde, to the north by Puerto Plata, to the east by the Espaillat and La Vega provinces, to the south by San Juan and to the west by Santiago Rodríguez.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Santiago province, and 728,484 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 3rd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 1,015,397 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Santiago de los Caballeros, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 550,753 inhabitants.

The population of Santiago is composed of blacks, mixed, and whites.

The Santiago province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 3rd (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, Santiago de los Caballeros, is above sea level.

The province of Santiago is divided in three regions: the "Cordillera Septentrional" ("Northern mountain range") in the north, the "Yaque del Norte Valley" in the centre, and the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") in the south.

The Cordillera Septentrional mountain range runs across the north of the province; the highest mountain of this range, "Pico Diego de Ocampo", high, is in this province, on the border with the Puerto Plata province. The range is covered with rainforests because it rains a lot there; the trade winds (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean) bring a lot of water that falls on the mountains.

South of the Cordillera Septentrional is the Yaque del Norte Valley; from the city of Santiago de los Caballeros to the west, this is a very dry valley because the trade winds cannot go over the Cordillera Septentrional and so it does not rain enough over the valley. But people here uses the water of the Yaque del Norte river for farming.

The Cordillera Central is in the southern half of the province. The highest mountains of the country, the island and the Caribbean are here, on the border with the San Juan province: "Pico Duarte", , and others above . This mountain range is covered with pine forests, except close to rivers where there are rainforests.

The most important river is Yaque del Norte which crosses the province from south to north, first, and then it turns to the northwest. All the other rivers in the province are tributaries of the Yaque del Norte except the Licey river that comes from the Cordillera Septentrional and flows to the east; Licey is a tributary of the Yuna river.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler in the mountains.

There are 9 municipalities and 16 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The economy of the province is based on farming and industry; because there is not a coast, tourism is not so important as in other parts of the country.

It is the second economic centre of the country, after the Greater Santo Domingo (Distrito Nacional and the Santo Domingo Province). It has a significant commerce and many industries, especially textiles, food and cement. Most of these industries are in Santiago de los Caballeros and Tamboril; the tobacco industry is also important in Villa Bisonó.
Farming is very important in the province. Poultry and pigs are raised in Licey al Medio. Cattle are raised in the south central and western parts of the province.

Coffee is grown in the mountains, plantain and cassava in Licey al Medio and rice, fruits and vegetables in the western part of the province. Tobacco is grown in all the lowlands of the province but the best types are grown around the cities of Bisonó and Villa González.

Outflow (meteorology)

Outflow is a term for the air that flows away from a thunderstorm. Lots of outflow show that a storm is "healthy".

The "edge" of the outflow boundary can often be detected by weather radar. Convergence occurs along the leading edge of the downdraft. Convergence of dust, aerosols, and bugs at the leading edge will lead to a higher clear air signature. The signature of the leading edge is also influenced by the density change between the cold air from the downdraft and the warm environmental air. This density boundary will increase the number of echo returns from the leading edge. Clouds, hydrometeors and new thunderstorms can also develop along the outflow's leading edge. This makes it possible to locate the outflow boundary when using precipitation mode. The image to the right depicts a particularly strong ouflow boundary ahead of a line of storms. Often, the outflow boundary will bow in the direction it is moving the quickest.

Mellotron

The Mellotron is a musical instrument, which appeared in the 1960s. It was the world's second sampled keyboard after the Chamberlin. Mellotrons contained strips made from the sounds of other musical instruments. Instead of sounding exactly like the original instruments, the Mellotron had a unique sound.

Mellotrons did not travel well, and had to be carefully set up every time they were moved. They became popular in recording studios, and with musicians who could leave them in one location.

The Beatles liked the sound of the Mellotron, and used it in many of their songs, like "Strawberry Fields Forever". John Lennon, a member of the Beatles, owned a Mellotron that he kept in his home studio. Paul McCartney and George Harrison, also members of the band, owned Mellotrons and used them in their solo recordings. Harry Nilsson also used a Mellotron on some of his recordings.

Mellotrons are largely obsolete but are still being made in small quantities. Today, digital instruments have mostly taken their place. Digital keyboards are portable, and can be used to make similar sounds anywhere. While digital keyboards have been used since the 1980's to replicate the sounds of many other instruments, they cannot accurately replicate the nuances and idiosyncrasies of the Mellotron because of complex physics involved in the tape playback system. This acknowledged drawback has led to the production of new Mellotrons since 1999. 

Punta Cana

Punta Cana, named after a local cape, is a region in the easternmost tip of the Dominican Republic. Covering about 4,200,000 m (about 1,100 acres), the region is home to a coastline of sandy white beaches and to a town of the same name. A region once named "Punta de Borrachón" was merged with Punta Cana by the founding investors in 1969.

Bayernliga

The Bayernliga (English: 'Bavaria League') is a German football league. It is the one of the German 5th divisions, and is the 2nd division of football in Bavaria. It was founded in 1945, as the Landesliga Bayern, which was an amateur league in Bavaria. In 1963, it became the 3rd division of German football. It remained the 3rd division until 1994, when it became the 4th division, after being replaced by the Regionalliga Süd. It remained the 4th division until 2008, when it became the 5th division.

FC Augsburg is the most successful team. It has won the league seven times. Before 1969, it was called BC Augsburg. The next best teams are SpVgg Bayreuth with six titles and 1860 München with five titles, although two were won by the second team, TSV 1860 München Amateure.

Gavialidae

Gavialidae is a family of reptiles within the order Crocodilia. There are only two surviving species, the Gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus") and the False Gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii"), which are each the sole living representatives of the two Gavialidae genera.


Gharial

The gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus"), sometimes called the Indian gharial, common gharial or gavial, is one of two surviving members of the family Gavialidae. They are a group of crocodile-like reptiles with long, narrow jaws. 

The gharial is the second-longest of all living crocodilians: a large male can be nearly six meters in length. Only saltwater crocodiles and the Nile crocodile can grow larger.

The fossil history of the Gavialoidea is quite well known. The earliest examples split from the other crocodilians in the late Cretaceous. The feature of the group that is easiest to recognise is the very long, narrow snout. This is an adaptation to a diet of small fish. Gharials have sacrificed the great mechanical strength of the robust skull and jaw that most crocodiles and alligators have. For this reason, and they cannot prey on large creatures. But they also have reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw. This gives gharials the ability to catch rapidly moving fish. They catch them with a side-to-side snapping motion.

The earliest Gavialoidea may or may not have been related to the modern types: some died out at the same time as the dinosaurs (at the end of the Cretaceous), others survived until the early Eocene (about 35 million years ago). The modern forms appeared at much the same time. They evolved in the estuaries and coastal waters of Africa. They crossed the Atlantic to reach South America as well. At their peak, the Gavialoidea were numerous and diverse, they occupied much of Asia and America up until the Pliocene. One species, "Rhamphosuchus crassidens" of India, is believed to have grown to an enormous 15 metres or more.

Northern Indian subcontinent: Bhutan (almost extinct), Bangladesh (close to extinction), India (present in small numbers and increasing), Myanmar (possibly extinct), Nepal, Pakistan (close to extinction). Usually found in the river systems of Indus (Pakistan) and the Brahmaputra (Bangladesh, Bhutan & North eastern India), the Ganges (Bangladesh, India & Nepal), and the Mahanadi River (in the rainforest biome) (India). Small numbers are in Kaladan and the Ayeyarwady in Myanmar. It is sympatric, in respective areas, with the mugger crocodile ("Crocodylus palustris") and the saltwater crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus").

Gharials live in rivers. They are best adapted to the calmer areas in deep fast moving rivers. Their physical attributes do not make the animals very suited to walk on land. In fact the only reasons the gharial leaves the water is to either bask in the sun or to nest on the sandbanks of the rivers.

The Gharial has a long, narrow snout. This is the feature that is most different from most other Crocodilia. The only other species who has such a snout is the False gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii"), which is closely related. The shape of this snout changes when the animal grows older. The snout becomes progressively thinner the older the gharial gets. There is a bulbous growth on the tip of the male's snout. This is called a 'ghara' (after the Indian word meaning 'pot'). It is only present in mature animals. It is used for different activities, such as making a resonant hum during vocalization. It is also used for attracting females. The mating ritual includes a section where the male uses this ghara to make bubbles.

The long jaws are lined with many interlocking, razor-sharp teeth. This is an adaptation to the diet (predominantly fish in adults). This species is one of the largest of all crocodilian species, approaching the saltwater crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus") and the Nile crocodile in maximum size - males reach at least 5 metres in length, and often approach 6 metres. Reports of 7 metre animals exist, but are unconfirmed. The leg musculature of the gharial is not suited to enable the animal to raise the body off the ground (on land) in order to achieve the high-walk gait - being able only to push its body forward across the ground ('belly-sliding'), although it can do this with some speed when required. However, when in water, the gharial is the most nimble and quick of all the crocodiles in the world. The tail seems overdeveloped and is flattened on the side, more so than other crocodiles. This enables it to achieve the excellent swimming abilities.

The gharial has 27 to 29 upper and 25 or 26 lower teeth on each side. These teeth are not received into interdental pits; the first, second, and third mandibular teeth fit into notches in the upper jaw. The front teeth are the largest. The gharial's snout is narrow and long, with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries. The nasal opening of a gharial is smaller than the supra-temporal fossae. The gharial's lower anterior margin of orbit (jugal) is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long, extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth. A dorsal shield is formed from four longitudinal series of juxtaposed, keeled and bony scutes.

The length of the snout is 3.5 (in adults) to 5.5 times (in young) the breadth of the snout's base. Nuchal and dorsal scutes form a single continuous shield composed of 21 or 22 transverse series. Gharials have an outer row of soft, smooth or feebly-keeled scutes in addition to the bony dorsal scutes. They also have two small post-occipital scutes.

The outer toes of a gharial are two-thirds webbed, while the middle toe is one-third webbed. Gharials have a strong crest on the outer edge of the forearm, leg and foot. Typically, adult gharials are of a dark olive hue while young ones are pale olive, with dark brown spots or cross-bands.

Young gharials eat insects, larvae, and small frogs. Adults feed almost only on fish, although some individuals have been known to eat dead animals. Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory; their long, narrow snouts afford very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water. Their numerous needle-like teeth are perfect for holding on to struggling, slippery fish. 

The Gharial is not a man-eater. Despite its immense size, its thin, fragile jaws make it physically incapable of devouring any large animal, including a human being. The myth that gharials eat humans may come partly from their similar appearance to crocodiles and because jewelry has been found in the digestive system. However, the gharial may have swallowed this jewelry while scavenging corpses or because used to aid digestion or buoyancy management.

The mating season is during November through December and well into January. The nesting and laying of eggs takes place in the dry season of March, April, and May. This is because during the dry season the rivers shrink a bit and the sandy river banks are available for nesting. Between 30 and 50 eggs are deposited into the hole that the female digs up before it is covered over carefully. After about 90 days, the juveniles emerge, although there is no record of the female assisting the juveniles into the water after they hatch (probably because their jaws are not suited for carrying the young due to the needle like teeth). However the mother does protect the young in the water for a few days till they learn to fend for themselves.

In the 1970s the gharial came to the brink of extinction and even now remains on the critically endangered list. The conservation efforts of the environmentalists in cooperation with several governments has led to some reduction in the threat of extinction. Some hope lies with the conservation and management programs in place as of 2004. Full protection was granted in the 1970s in the hope of reducing poaching losses, although these measures were slow to be implemented at first. Now there are 9 protected areas for this species in India which are linked to both captive breeding and 'ranching' operations where eggs collected from the wild are raised in captivity (to reduce mortality due to natural predators) and then released back into the wild (the first being released in 1981). More than 3000 animals have been released through these programs, and the wild population in India is estimated at around 1500 animals - with perhaps between one and two hundred animals in the remainder of its range.

Recently this species has moved from Endangered to Critically Endangered on the 2007 Red List of endangered species of animals and plants issued by the World Conservation Union, and qualifies for protection under the CITES (Convention on International Trade of Endangered Species) Appendix II.

The gharial and its extinct relatives are grouped together by taxonomists in several different ways:


Janke "et al." (2005), using molecular genetic evidence, found the gharial and the false gharial ("Tomistoma") to be close relatives, and placed them together in the same family.

Common names include: Indian gharial, Indian gavial, Fish-eating crocodile, Gavial del Ganges, Gavial du Gange, Long-nosed crocodile, Bahsoolia, Nakar, Chimpta, Lamthora, Mecho Kumhir, Naka, Nakar, Shormon, Thantia, Thondre, Garial.





Franck Ribéry

Franck Ribéry (born 7 April 1983) is a French football player. He plays for Fiorentina and France national team.


Source:

"France score listed first, score and result columns indicate score after each Ribéry goal."
Galatasaray

Marseille

Bayern Munich

France

Individual

False gharial

The false gharial or Malayan gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii") is a fresh-water reptile. It looks like a crocodile with a very thin and long snout, like that of the gharial. That is where the name of the species is from.

It has long been classed in the family "Crocodylidae". However, recent immunological studies show it is more closely related to the gharial than was originally thought. So now classed in the family "Gavialidae", after all.

The animal is native to six river systems in Sumatra and Malaysia. It can also be found in Borneo, Java, Vietnam, Thailand (not seen since 1970), and possibly Sulawesi. Fossils finds in southern China indicate that, at some point in the past, the species occurred there.

The false gharial, like all other crocodilians, lays eggs. It is a mound nester. Females usually mature at 2–3 m. Mated females will lay a clutch of 30-60 eggs in a mound of dry leaves or peat. Once the eggs are laid, and construction of the mound is completed, she abandons her nest. Unlike most other crocodilian species, the young receive no parental care and are at risk of being eaten by predators like wild boar, mongooses, big cats such as tigers and leopards, civets, and wild dogs. The young hatch after 90 days and are left to look after themselves.
The false gharial is threatened with extinction throughout most of its range. The drainage of its freshwater swamplands and clearance of surrounding rainforests removes its habitat. The animal is hunted frequently for its skin and meat and the eggs are often taken for human consumption. However, positive steps have been taken by the Malaysian and Indonesian governments to prevent its extinction in the wild.



Prime lens

A prime lens is a lens which has a fixed "zoom" or focal length. It is easier to make fixed focal lenses than to include them in a variable focus lens. Therefore, fixed focal lenses usually have a larger opening, known as an aperture, than comparable variable focus lenses. They are usually also of a higher optical quality.

Aperture

In optics and photography, an aperture is a hole where light can pass through. 
The aperture of a photographic lens is a hole that can be adjusted to different sizes, using the aperture ring. This ring is behind the lens, but in front of the shutter. The aperture ring is a flat circle with a small hole in the centre. The small hole is called the "aperture". The size of the aperture can be changed. When the aperture is very small only a small amount of light can enter the camera. When the aperture is big, a lot of light can get in.

This lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor. The aperture is changed along with the shutter speed to control the amount of light that enters the camera. This amount of light is called the exposure. Typically, a fast shutter speed will not let much light in (meaning the picture could come out too dark), so the photographer will use a larger aperture to correct for this. A slow shutter speed will need a smaller aperture to stop the picture coming out too bright.

The size of the aperture is described as an "f-stop." This is a number that describes the size of the hole in relation to the focal length of the lens. A low number (such as f1.4 or f2.8) means the aperture is wide open, and lets in a lot of light. A high number (such as f8 or f11) means that the aperture is small, and does not let in as much light.

Zoom lens

A variable focus lens (also called zoom lens) is a camera lens that can vary its focal length. 

In general, such lenses have a lower aperture than comparable fixfocus lenses. Depending on the manufacturer common zoom lenses (in the 30–100mm focal range, for film photography) usually have a varying aperture, from 4 to 5.6, perhaps 3.3 to 5.6. There are also some zoom lenses with a fixed maximal aperture (to take the example from before: of 2.6 or 2.8, maximum). In contrast, fix-focus lenses in that range have maximum apertures of 1.4 to 2. 

Digital cameras sometimes have a function called "digital zoom". This is a mathematical method which simply enlarges a part of the picture. The result is not as sharp as that of the optical zoom. When an optical zoom changes its focal length, this will also change the angle of view. Digital zooms simply make a small part of an image bigger, without changing the angle of view. 

Belinda (moon)

Belinda is a closer moon to Uranus, a planet in the solar system. Belinda was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986, and it was given the designation S/1986 U 5. It is named after the heroine of Alexander Pope's "The Rape of the Lock". It is also designated Uranus XIV.

Belinda belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Rosalind and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Other than its orbit, radius of 45 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Belinda appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The moon is very stretched, with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis. Its surface is grey in color.


Normal lens

In photography, the phrase normal lens is used for camera lenses that have a focal length which is roughly the diagonal of the image projected inside the camera. Camera lenses with a shorter focal length are called "wide-angle lenses", those with a longer one "telephoto lenses". 

This gives a "natural perspective".



Vyankatesh Madgulkar

Vyankatesh Madgulkar (1927-2001) was one of the most popular and well-known Marathi writers of his time. He became well-known mainly for his realistic writings about village life in a part of southern Maharashtra called Maandesh. These writings about Maandesh are set in a period of 15 to 20 years before and after India's Independence.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar was a man of many interests. He also read a lot of books on different subjects. He was lovingly called Tatya (“old man”, or “grand old man” in Marathi) by his admirers, friends and family members.

He was born in Madgul, a village in Sangli district of Maharashtra. The Madgulkar family had probably come from the neighbouring state of Karnataka a few centuries back. They were one of the eight Brahmin families in Madgul, which had a population of over a thousand. The family owned some land. Vyankatesh Madgulkar's grandfather and the earlier generations had lived off the land. However, in his father’s time, the land could not feed the family. The family was large. Apart from Vyankatesh there were seven children, one of whom died early. His father took a job in the government of the Aundh princely state, which ruled over Madgul and the region around it known as Maandesh The job took him to various villages and small towns of Maandesh. For some time, the family moved with him. In this way, Vyankatesh got to see life in many parts of Maandesh.

Although his mother was an old-fashioned woman who believed Brahmins should not mix with people of 'lower' castes, he freely mixed with children of other castes and communities. From them he learnt how to climb trees, how to identify birds, how to trap fish, how to hunt.

Madgul had no electricity, bus service or shop. But it had a primary school. He studied there and later in a secondary school in a small town nearby. But he was not a good student. Some of his teachers told him he had no future. When he was a teenager, he left home and joined a group of people fighting for India’s freedom. For two years he was considered a criminal by the British government.

After India got Independence he returned home. His elder brother (“Anna”), Gajanan, had already left home and become a writer for Marathi films.`GaDiMa’ (Gajanan Digambar Madgulkar), as he was called, went on to become a famous poet, song and screenplay writer, and a well-known name in Maharashtra. GaDiMa’s success might have helped him to also think of becoming an artist. However, he had his own personality, different from that of his brother.

As he said often, he had always had the feeling he was “different”. He first wanted to be a poet. He also loved sketching and painting. And though he did not complete school education, he developed an enormous love for reading. He learnt and read English books the hard way, with the help of a dictionary. He read books by the American novelist John Steinbeck, the famous British writer George Orwell and the Irish writer Liam O’ Flaherty, and several other Western writers.

He first tried to become a painter. He went to the city of Kolhapur in western Maharashtra to learn painting. However, he lost interest in becoming a painter and turned to writing. He wrote his first short story when he was 19 years old. It won a literary prize. This encouraged him to become a writer. In 1948, when he was 21, he took up a job as a journalist. Two years later he moved to the capital of Maharashtra, Mumbai, to write scripts for Marathi films.

In 1955 he took up a job in Pune, in the rural programming department of the government's All India Radio station . He worked here till he retired in 1985. All this time, he continued to write. He visited Australia and the island of Tasmania while he was in the service of All India Radio and wrote stories based upon his experiences there.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar died in August 2001 at the age of 73. He died of complications from diabetes.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar wrote in many different ways. He wrote nearly 40 screenplays for films. He wrote several folk plays. He attempted a Marathi version of "Fiddler on the Roof". He translated books, especially wild life books, from English to Marathi. He wrote essays on his travels, nature and interesting people he had read about, like Richard Burton, the British traveler. He is most fondly remembered for his short stories and novellas (long stories). He wrote 8 novellas and over 200 short stories.

His first book, "Maandeshi Manse" (People of Maandesh), was published when he was only 22 years old. "Maandeshi Manse" is about different kinds of people he had met during his childhood in Maandesh. The descriptions of these people are realistic. He explained later that the descriptions were are not fully true. The people in "Maandeshi Manse" are creations of the author, based on real people he knew. He mixed the real world with his own imagination in the same way in all his Maandeshi stories. He also did not change his style of writing. That style is generally of a person telling a story to people sitting in front of him. Many of the stories told in this way are about poor people. Some stories are about things that had happened during his childhood. Some stories are about family members. Only a few stories have a plot. Most stories have one central character. But a few stories are about happenings rather than on people. We see all this in his book 'Karunashtak' which mainly revolves around his mother.

The most famous of Vyankatesh Madgulkar's writing is his novella called "Bangarwadi" (1954). It is about the experiences of a young schoolteacher in a village of shepherds in Maandesh. The story begins with the schoolteacher walking alone towards the village called Bangarwadi, in the night, across a landscape with few trees. When the teacher reaches Bangarwadi, he finds that the school is not working. Over the next months, the schoolteacher successfully runs the school. However, at the end of the story, lack of rainfall forces all the people of Bangarwadi to leave the village. The school again has no students. Within this story, Vyankatesh Madgulkar gives us an unforgettable and detailed picture of a way of living. One reviewer, Taya Zinkin reviewing the English translation of the book in "The Economic Weekly" in 1958 said, “(it) is perhaps the most important book written by an Indian about India to appear in English since Nehru’s "Discovery of India".”

"Bangarwardi" was translated in several languages. The great German scholar on India Gunther Sontheimer translated it in German. Bookstores in Pune and other Maharashtra cities still sell the original book in Marathi. It has been reprinted over 15 times.

"Bangarwardi" was also make into a film by Amol Palekar.

He wrote stories about Maandesh for around 20 years, from the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s. Later, he wrote about his family and then about nature. His last novella, "Sattantar" (1981), about a community of monkeys, won him the central government’s Sahitya Parishad award for best Marathi book published in that year.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar has been translated in several languages. Brief details of translation in English with year of publication are as below:

The following are brief details of translation of his work in languages other than English with year of publication:



The Ren &amp; Stimpy Show

The Ren and Stimpy Show is an American surrealist black comedy situation comedy cartoon created by John Kricfalusi, which aired from 1991 to 1999. The main characters are Ren Höek (John Kricfalusi, and (later) Billy West), a chihuahua, and Stimpson J. Cat (Billy West) (Stimpy for short).

The show premiered on Nickelodeon on Sunday, August 11, 1991, and aired new episodes on the channel from 1991 to 1996.

The series ended on October 20, 1996, with the episodes "Sammy and Me" and "Last Temptation".

It was also shown on MTV, and was shown in other countries such as Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and most of Europe.

People who make cartoons think that "Ren and Stimpy" is famous because of its classic cartoonish style and gross humor that is different from other animated shows at the time, and then became a cult following. John Kricfalusi got fired after only one year of working on his show. He did not send his work on time and often fought with his friends at Nickelodeon, so they fired him. He made other shows but none were as popular as "Ren and Stimpy".

Reruns of "Ren and Stimpy" currently air on the Nicktoons Network.




Perdita (moon)

Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus. Perdita's discovery was not simple. The first pictures of Perdita were taken by the "Voyager 2" spacecraft in 1986, but it was not seen on the photographs for more than ten years. In 1999, the moon was noticed and reported.

Because no further pictures could be taken to confirm its existence, in 2001 it was thought to be non-existent. However, in 2003, pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope managed to pick up an object where Perdita was supposed to be. This proved its existence at last.

After its discovery in 1999, Perdita was labelled S/1986 U 10. she was the daughter of Leontes and Hermione in William Shakespeare's play "The Winter's Tale". The moon is also called Uranus XXV.

Perdita belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Rosalind and Belinda. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 15 km, and geometric albedo of 0.08, almost nothing is known about it.


135 film

135 film is the official name of the photographic film that is most used today. It is specified by ISO Standard 1007. It was introduced by Kodak in 1934 It was made for making still pictures, rather than movies. It is 35mm wide; that is why it is often also called 35mm film. 

It quickly grew in popularity. It became more popular than 120 film by the late 1960s. Since then, it has been the most popular photographic film format. Despite competition from formats such as 828, 126, 110 and APS, it remains so today.

Individual rolls of 135 film are enclosed in single-spool, light-tight, metal cassettes. This allows cameras to be loaded in daylight. The film is clipped or taped to a spool and exits via a velvet-covered slot. The end of the film is cut on one side to form a leader, which is to be inserted into a corresponding slot in the camera take-up spool. It has the same dimensions and perforation pitch as 35 mm movie print film. The perforations of 35mm movie camera film are a different shape, but close enough that it will work in most still picture cameras.

European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages

The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages (ECRML) is a European treaty that was adopted in 1992.

It was designed by the Council of Europe to protect and promote historical regional and minority languages in Europe. It applies only to languages traditionally used by the nationals of the State Parties that are very different from the majority or official language. The treaty does not protect languages that are used by recent immigrants from other countries. Also, the treaty does not protect local dialects of the official or majority language.

To be protected, a language must be spoken either by the people living in a region or area of the country or by a minority in the country as a whole (languages such as Yiddish and Romani are covered by the treaty even if there is no "Romani region").

National official languages are not covered by the treaty, but some regional official languages are. For example, Catalan is official only in a region of Spain and so can benefit from the treaty. However, Irish cannot because it is an official language in Ireland even if it is a minority language. However, Irish is protected in Northern Ireland because it is not an official or national language of the United Kingdom.

France has signed the treaty, but the French constitution does not allow the government to support a language other than French.

There are two levels of protection. Every country that signed the treaty must give all qualifying languages the lower level of protection. Countries may decide to give some languages the higher level of protection. Countries then must do 35 things.

Here are the countries that have ratified the Charter and the languages for which the ratification was made:



Finger Eleven

Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band. it was formed in 1989. They are from Burlington, Ontario. There they had achieved minor success as a cover band, then as a full fledged band.



Nefertiti

Nefertiti (pronounced at the time something like *nafratiːta) (c. 1370 BC c. 1330 BC) was the Great Royal Wife of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten. She was the mother-in-law and may have been stepmother of the Pharaoh Tutankhamun. After her husband died, Nefertiti may have also ruled as pharaoh under the name Neferneferuaten. However, some archaeologists do not think Nefertiti was Neferneferuaten.

Her name in English means "the beautiful (or perfect) woman has come". Nefertiti was one of the most powerful queens in Ancient Egypt.

Nefertiti was the first and most loved wife of Akhenaten. she might have reigned under the name of Ankhkheperure Neferneferuatan. She had six daughters with Akhenaten.

There are many tales about Nefertiti being born as a royal and her father being pharaoh Ay, but they are not confirmed. So it would be unlikely that she did become a pharaoh without royal blood. Her daughter Meritaten was born a royal, so she had more of a chance of becoming a pharaoh. Her parenthood is still a mystery. The only detail known is that they were nobles.

Two of her daughters became queens of Egypt. In the 12th year of Akheneaton rule many of the princesses died, but what was more confusing was that Nefertiti vanished. So everyone assumed that she died like the other princesses. There was no record of Nefertiti’s death and no evidence that she was ever buried.

She is best known for her bust, which is in the Altes Museum in Berlin, Germany. This bust is considered to be a beautiful example of Egyptian art.

A man called Ludwig Borchardt with a team of people discovered a portrait bust of Queen Nefertiti. This bust captured all her beauty even though one of the eyes was damaged. The famous bust of Nefertiti was displayed at the museum of Berlin in the 1920’s. The queen's bust became known around the world.


Wide-angle lens

A wide-angle lens is a lens that has a focal length that is shorter than that of the normal lens. Normal lenses have an angle of view of between 40° and 50°. Wide-angle lenses have an angle of view that is bigger. 

For the 135 film format (the most popular photographic film type), normal lenses are 50mm focal length. 35mm (with an angle of view of 63 degrees) and 28mm (75°) are slight wide-angle lenses. 

24mm (84°), 20mm (94°), 17mm (104°) and 14mm (114°) offer more extreme views (for 35mm film). 

This is different for digital photography. Many digital cameras use smaller sensors. This means that the focal lengths have an angle of view that is smaller. That way, an 18mm lens mounted on a digital camera of this type gives an angle of view of the 28mm wide-angle lens, namely 75 degrees, for a multiplier of 1.5.

One kind of wide-angle lens is a fish eye lens.

Telephoto lens is the opposite. It has a long focal length, and a narrow angle of view.

Grand Duchy of Hesse

The Grand Duchy of Hesse () was a former state that existed in modern-day Germany. It was formed in 1806 after the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire as a result of the actions of Napoleon, who then elevated the former Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt to the level of grand duchy. For this reason, this state was occasionally known simply as Hesse-Darmstadt.

Because Hesse-Darmstadt was a member of Napoleon's Confederation of the Rhine, it was forced to give up a considerable amount of territory at the 1815 Congress of Vienna. The territory of the Duchy of Westphalia, which Hesse-Darmstadt received from the 1803 "Reichsdeputationshauptschluss", was given to the Kingdom of Prussia. However, it received some territory on the western bank of the Rhine, including the important federal fortress at Mainz. 

The Grand Duchy changed its name to the Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine () in 1816. 

The Grand Duchy of Hesse was divided into three provinces:


Puck (moon)

Puck is a closer moon to Uranus. Puck was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on December 30, 1985, and was given the designation S/1985 U 1.

In Celtic mythology and English folklore, "Puck" is a mischievous sprite, imagined as an evil demon by Christians; the moon is named after the Puck who appears in Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", in which he travels around the globe at night with the fairies. It is also designated Uranus XV.

Puck is the biggest of the small closer moons to Uranus. It is in the middle in size between Portia and Miranda, the smallest of the five bigger moons. Puck's orbit is also located between these two moons. Little is known about it aside from its orbit, its radius about 81 km, and its geometric albedo approximately 0.11.

Of the moons found by the "Voyager 2" imaging team, only Puck was found early enough that the probe could be programmed to take pictures of it in some detail. Images showed that Puck has a shape of a slightly prolate spheroid (ratio between axises is 0.97 ± 0.04). Its surface is heavily cratered and is grey in color. There are three named craters on the surface of Puck. Observations with Hubble Space Telescope and large terrestrial telescopes found water ice absorption features in the spectrum of Puck.


Schinus

Schinus is a large genus of Anacardiaceae. They are commonly known as pepper trees. They prefer tropic subhumid zones.
Californian pepper tree "S.areira" native from Mexico to South America. Various species grown as ornamental, e.g. "S.areira", and Brazilian pepper "S.terebinthifolius".


Mab (moon)

Mab is a closer moon to the planet Uranus. It was found by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope. It was named after Queen Mab, a fairy queen from English folklore who is noted in William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet".

Because the moon is small and dark, it was not seen in the images taken by "Voyager 2" during its Uranus flyby in 1986. However, it is brighter than another moon, Perdita, which was discovered from "Voyager's" photos in 1997. This led scientists to look at the old photos again, and the moon was finally found in the images.

If it is as dark as Puck, then it is about 24 km in diameter. On the other hand, if it is brightly coloured like the neighbouring moon Miranda, then it would be even smaller than Cupid and comparable to the smallest farther moons.

Mab is heavily perturbed, meaning its movement is not only caused by the gravity of another large thing. The actual source for perturbation is still unclear, but is probably one or more of the nearby orbiting moons.

Following its discovery, Mab was given the code name S/2003 U 1. The moon is also known as Uranus XXVI.


Telephoto lens

In photography, a telephoto lens is a lens. There are two different uses of the word. The less specific use is to mean a lens that has a longer focal length than a normal lens. Their angle of view is smaller than that of a normal lens. With telephoto lenses things look closer than they really are.

The other meaning of telephoto lens applies to lenses that are constructed in a special way so they can be shorter than their focal length.

For 35 mm film, 50 mm is a normal focal length. Typical telephoto lenses are 85 mm (28°50') and 100 mm (24°). They are used for portraits mostly. Other telephoto lenses that are used often are 135 mm (18°), 180 mm and 200 mm. Many are zoom lenses.

Longer focal lengths (300 to 1200 mm) are used in sports and nature photography.

Effect of different focal lengths on photographs taken from the same place:

The above photos were taken using a 35 mm camera, using lenses of the given focal lengths.

Umbriel (moon)

Umbriel is a moon of Uranus found on October 24, 1851 by William Lassell. It was found at the same time as Ariel.

The name "Umbriel" and the names of all four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by John Herschel in 1852 at the request of Lassell. Lassell had earlier supported Herschel's 1847 naming scheme for the seven then-known moons of Saturn and had named his newly-found eighth moon Hyperion in accordance with Herschel's naming scheme in 1848. Umbriel is the 'dusky melancholy sprite' in Alexander Pope's "The Rape of the Lock", and the name suggests the Latin "umbra", shadow. The adjectival form of the name is "Umbrielian".

It is also designated Uranus II.

So far the only close-up images of Umbriel are from the "Voyager 2" probe, which made observations of the moon during its Uranus flyby in January, 1986. During the flyby the southern hemisphere of the moon was pointed towards the Sun so only it was studied.

Umbriel's surface is the darkest of the Uranian moons, and reflects only about half as much light as Ariel, Uranus' brightest moon. It has far more and bigger craters than do Ariel and Titania and is also the least geologically active. It is mostly made of water ice, with the balance made up of silicate rock, and other ices such as methane. Methane can break down and form reddish-black organic compounds such as tholins when bombarded by high-energy particles. Near-IR spectra of Ariel and Umbriel clearly show that water ice dominates the spectra of these objects.

Craters on Umbriel are named after many different demons from various mythologies.

Titania (moon)

Titania is the largest moon of Uranus and the eighth largest moon in the Solar System.

Titania was found on 11 January 1787 by William Herschel. He reported it and Oberon the same year. He later reported four more moons, which turned out to be spurious.

The names of Titania and the other four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel's son John Herschel in 1852 at the request of William Lassell. Lassell had found Ariel and Umbriel the year before. He had supported Herschel's 1847 naming scheme for the seven then-known moons of Saturn and had named his newly-found eighth moon Hyperion in 1848, in accordance with Herschel's naming scheme.

All of the moons of Uranus are named for characters from Shakespeare or Alexander Pope. Titania was named after Titania, the Queen of the Faeries in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". It is also designated Uranus III.

So far the only close-up images of Titania are from the "Voyager 2" probe, which photographed the moon during its Uranus flyby in January, 1986. At the time of the flyby the southern hemisphere of the moon was pointed towards the Sun so only it was studied.

Although what its interior is made up of is uncertain, one model suggests that Titania is made of about 50% water ice, 30% silicate rock, and 20% methane-related organic compounds.

Surface features on Titania are named for characters from plays by William Shakespeare. Chasms on Titania are called chasmata. Escarpments here are called rupes. They are named after the places where plays by Shakespeare happen. craters on Titania are named after female characters in the plays.

A major surface feature is a huge canyon that dwarfs the scale of the Grand Canyon on Earth and is in the same class as the Valles Marineris on Mars or Ithaca Chasma on Saturn's moon Tethys.

On September 8, 2001, Titania occulted a faint star; this was a chance to both refine its diameter and ephemeris, and to detect any extant atmosphere. The data revealed no atmosphere to a surface pressure of 0.03 microbars; if it exists, it would have to be far thinner than that of Triton or Pluto.



The 20 Hunchakian gallows

The 20 Hunchakian gallows (or "Ksan Gakhaghan", also "The 20 Martyrs", "The 20s") is the common name for the group of Hunchakian activists who were hanged in the Sultan Bayazid square of Constantinople in June 15, 1915.

The 7th General Convention of the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party which was held in Constanţa, Romania, in 1913, had a unique and great importance not only for the Hunchaks, but in the history of the Armenian people as a whole. During the Convention, members stressed their concern of the Ittihad (Young Turk) government's blatant disregard of the Armenian lives who resided in Historic Armenia. The Hunchaks feared that this disregard would only escalate as time past. The Hunchaks also stressed the importance of a United Independent Armenia which would be impossible under the racist and dictatorial Young Turk government's rule of the Ottoman Empire.

Thus the convention adjourned with two main objectives:

I - As stated in its original program, the party was to move from licit to illicit activities, thus becoming once again a covert organization.

II - To plan and assassinate the leaders of the Ittihad (Young Turk) party, the same leaders that carried out the Adana massacres of 1909, and thus the same leaders who at that moment were planning the annihilation of the Armenian people. 
Unfortunately, these secret objectives were passed on to the Turks by an Armenian agent for the government; consequently as soon as the delegates arrived in Constantinople, they were arrested. By the end of the year a total of one hundred and forty Hunchak leaders were arrested.

After spending two years in terrible conditions in Turkish prisons, and undergoing lengthy mock trials, twenty prominent figures - Paramaz, Dr. Benne, Aram Ach'ekbashian, Vanig and others were sentenced to death by hanging. A few weeks after the beginning of the Armenian Genocide on June 15, 1915, all twenty men were hanged in the central square of Constantinople, known as Sultan Bayazid Square. Paramaz's last words before his hanging were, "You can only hang our bodies, but not our ideology. ...You will see tomorrow on the Eastern horizon a Socialist Armenia." 

Since their execution, the Twenty Martyrs have been a source of inspiration for thousands of young Armenians throughout the world.

In 2001 the monument of Paramaz and his 19 Hunchakian comrades was opened in Meghri town, Armenia.


Two other prominent Hunchakian activists, Stepan Sabah-Goulian and Varaztahd, were condemned to death "in absentia".


Allowance

An allowance is usually an amount of money that a parent gives to his/her child.

Possible reasons why allowance is given:

Social Democrat Hunchakian Party

The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (SDHP) (), also known as Hentchak is one of the oldest political parties in Armenia and the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia in the 1880s. It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian, Mariam Vardanian, Ruben Khan-Azat and others, who studied in Geneva, Switzerland, with the goal to gain Armenia's independence from the Ottoman Empire, which is part of Armenian national liberation movement. Its name, taken from its newspaper "Hunchak," means "Bell" in English, and is taken by party members to represent "awakening, enlightenment, and freedom."

All of the 7 founders of Hunchakian party were Russian-Armenian Marxist students who had left Russia to continue their higher education in universities of Western Europe. They were young persons, in their twenties, and were from well‑to‑do bourgeois families who were financially supporting them. For the purpose of furthering revolutionary activity in Turkish Armenia, they formed the Hunchakian Revolutionary Party in August, 1887.

Hunchak party fought many battles against the Ottoman Empire, to free the Armenian people from Turkish rule. One of Armenia's famous national heroes Andranik Ozanian, at first, joined the Hunchak party, but disagreement with party policies led Andranik to leave the Hunchak ranks and join the Dashnak party.

The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia, as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat, during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign, which defended the Armenian capital of Yerevan from Army of Islam of Ottoman Empire.

In the 1950s, it clashed, sometimes violently, with the Dashnak Party, due to tensions that escalated when the ARF elected Bishop Zareh as Catholicos of Cilicia, a move that was rejected by the Hunchaks. In the midst of increasing sectarian strife in the late 1960s and early 1970s, however, Lebanon's Armenian community began to close ranks, and in 1972, the Hunchakian Party ran a joint ticket with the Dashnaks. In 2000, the Hunchakian Party joined forces with Rafik Hariri's Dignity party, which swept the city of Beirut.

In the early 1990s, the party took part in the Nagorno Karabakh conflict. The party today forms part of the opposition "Justice" bloc.

This party is also active in Lebanon, where it competes for the six National Assembly seats reserved for ethnic Armenians. The party subscribes to a socialist ideology and advocates a planned economy for Lebanon.

The Hunchakian party has established affiliate organizations such as the AEBU which is an organization that helps with educational, health and social care, the Armenian Dkhrouhi Youth Association and HMM (Homenmen) which is a sporting organization (not to be confused with Homenetmen).




Inverter

An inverter is an electric apparatus that changes direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC). It is not the same thing as an alternator, which converts mechanical energy (e.g. movement) into alternating current.

Direct current is created by devices such as batteries and solar panels. When connected, an inverter allows these devices to provide electric power for small household devices. The inverter does this through a complex process of electrical adjustment. From this process, AC electric power is produced. This form of electricity can be used to power an electric light, a microwave oven, or some other electric machine.

An inverter usually also increases the voltage. In order to increase the voltage, the current must be decreased. So, an inverter will use a lot of current on the DC side when only a small amount is being used on the AC side.

Inverters are made in many different sizes. They can be as small as 150 watts, or as large as 1 megawatt (1 million watts). Smaller inverters often plug into a car's cigarette lighter socket and provide 120 or 240 volt AC power from the car's 12 volt supply.

The earliest inverters consisted of a Motor–generator, a DC motor connected mechanically to an AC generator. A later design often used with vacuum tube car radios used a rapidly switching relay. Modern inverters are based on MOSFET or IGBT transistors.


1998 FIFA World Cup

The 1998 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in France from 10 June to 12 July 1998. 32 teams took part from many countries. France won the trophy after beating Brazil in the final 3-0.






A win would earn the team 3 points, a draw would earn them 1 point, and a loss earns them no points.

<br>








|

1994 FIFA World Cup

The 1994 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in USA from June 17 to July 17, 1994. 24 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after Roberto Baggio from Italy famously missed the last penalty in a penalty shootout.






 won the championship.

|

1990 FIFA World Cup

The 1990 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Italy from 8 June to 8 July 1990. 24 teams took part from many countries. Germany won the trophy after beating Argentina in the final.

The 1990 FIFA World Cup had the lowest amount of goals, and had 16 red cards handed out. However, the 1990 FIFA World Cup was one of the most watched sporting events of all time. This was also the last World Cup that had 2 points for a win in the Group Stage.

24 teams qualified for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. Costa Rica, Republic of Ireland and the United Arab Emirates qualified for the first time.






Hosts Italy won Group A with a 100 percent record. They beat Austria 1–0 thanks to substitute Salvatore 'Totò' Schillaci, who had played only one international before but would become a star during the tournament. A second 1–0 victory followed against a United States team already thumped 5–1 by Czechoslovakia. The Czechoslovaks ended runners-up in the group, while the USA's first appearance in a World Cup Finals since 1950 ended with three consecutive defeats.

Cameroon defeated reigning champions Argentina. Despite ending the match with only nine men, the African team held on for a shock 1–0 win, with contrasting fortunes for the brothers Biyik: François Omam scoring the winning goal, shortly after seeing Andre Kana sent off for a serious foul. In their second game the introduction of Roger Milla was the catalyst for a 2–1 win over Romania, Milla scoring twice from the bench (making him the oldest goalscorer in the tournament). With progression assured, Cameroon slumped to a 4–0 defeat in their final group game to a Soviet Union (in what would be their last World Cup due to the dissolution of the Soviet Union) side striving to stay in the tournament on goal difference after successive 2–0 defeats. A 1–1 draw between Romania and Argentina sent both through, the latter as one of the best third-placed teams.

Costa Rica beat Scotland 1–0 in their first match, lost 1–0 to Brazil in their second, then saw off Sweden 2–1 to claim a place in the second round. Brazil took maximum points from the group. They began with a 2–1 win over Sweden, then beat both Costa Rica and Scotland 1–0. Scotland's 2–1 win over Sweden was not enough to save them from an early return home as one of the two lowest-ranked third-placed teams.

Group D featured the most goals of all the groups, due in part to the defensive inadequacies of a United Arab Emirates team that lost 2–0 to Colombia, 5–1 to West Germany and 4–1 to Yugoslavia. West Germany was at the top of the group after a 4–1 opening victory over group runners-up Yugoslavia.

The winners of Group E were Spain, for whom Michel hit a hat-trick as they beat South Korea 3–1 in an unbeaten group campaign. Belgium won their first two games against South Korea and Uruguay to ensure their progress; Uruguay's advance to the second round came with an injury time winner against South Korea to edge them through as the weakest of the third-placed sides to remain in the tournament.

Group F, featured the Netherlands, England, the Republic of Ireland and Egypt. In the six group games, no team managed to score more than once in a match. England beat Egypt 1–0, thanks to a 64th-minute goal from Mark Wright – and that was enough to win the group.

The Republic of Ireland and the Netherlands finished with identical records. With both teams assured of progressing, they were split by the drawing of lots to determine second and third place.

The knockout stage involved the 16 teams that qualified from the group stage of the tournament. There were four rounds of matches, with each round eliminating half of the teams entering that round. The successive rounds were: round of 16, quarter-finals, semi-finals, final. There was also a play-off to decide third/fourth place. For each game in the knockout stage, any draw at 90 minutes was followed by 30 minutes of extra time; if scores were still level there would be a penalty shoot-out (at least five penalties each, and more if necessary) to determine who progressed to the next round. Scores after extra time are indicated by (aet), and penalty shoot outs are indicated by (p).
Two of the ties – Argentina vs Brazil and Italy vs Uruguay – pitted former champion countries against each other, and West Germany met the Netherlands in a rematch of the 1974 World Cup Final.

The all-South American game was won for Argentina by a goal from Claudio Caniggia with 10 minutes remaining after a run through the Brazilian defence by Diego Maradona and an outstanding performance from their goalkeeper Sergio Goycochea. It would later come to light that Branco had been offered water spiked with tranquilisers by Maradona and Ricardo Giusti during half time, to slow him down in the second half. Initially discredited by the press, Branco would be publicly proven right years later, when Maradona confessed the episode in a TV show in Argentina. As for Italy, a strong second half showing saw the hosts beat Uruguay 2–0, thanks to another goal from Schillaci and one from Aldo Serena.

The match between West Germany and the Netherlands was held in Milan, and both sides featured several notable players from the two Milanese clubs (Germans Andreas Brehme, Lothar Matthäus and Jürgen Klinsmann for Internazionale, and Dutchmen Marco van Basten, Ruud Gullit and Frank Rijkaard for Milan). After 22 minutes Rudi Völler and Rijkaard were both dismissed after a number of incidents (including Rijkaard spitting on Völler) between the two players left the Argentine referee with no option but to send them both off. As the players walked off the pitch together, Rijkaard spat on Völler a second time. Early in the second half, Jürgen Klinsmann put the West Germans ahead and Andreas Brehme added a second with eight minutes left. A Ronald Koeman penalty for the Netherlands in the 89th minute narrowed the score to 2–1 but the Germans saw the game out to gain some revenge for their exit to the Dutch in the previous European Championship.

Meanwhile, the heroics of Cameroon and Roger Milla continued in their game with Colombia. Milla was introduced as a second-half substitute with the game goalless, eventually breaking the deadlock midway in extra time. Three minutes later he netted a second after Colombian goalkeeper, René Higuita was dispossessed by Milla while well out of his goal, leaving the striker free to slot the ball into the empty net. Though the deficit was soon reduced to 2–1, Cameroon held on to become the first African team ever to reach the World Cup quarter-finals. Costa Rica were comfortably beaten 4–1 by Czechoslovakia, for whom Tomáš Skuhravý scored the tournament's second and final hat-trick.

The Republic of Ireland's match with Romania remained goalless after extra time, and the Irish side won 5–4 on penalties. David O'Leary converted the penalty that clinched Ireland's place in the quarter-finals. Ireland thus became the first team since Sweden in 1938 to reach the last eight in a World Cup finals tournament without winning a match outright. Yugoslavia beat Spain 2–1 after extra time, with Dragan Stojković scoring both the Yugoslavs' goals. England were the final qualifier against Belgium, as midfielder David Platt's swivelling volley broke the stalemate with the game moments away from a penalty shoot-out.

The first game of the last 8 saw Argentina and a Yugoslav side, reduced to 10 men after only half an hour, play out a goalless stalemate. The holders reached the semi-finals after winning the penalty shoot-out 3–2, despite Maradona having his penalty saved. A second Argentine miss (by Pedro Troglio) looked to have eliminated them until goalkeeper Sergio Goycochea – playing because first choice Nery Pumpido broke his leg during the group stage – rescued his side by stopping the Yugoslavs' final two spotkicks.

The Republic of Ireland's World Cup run was brought to an end by a single goal from Schillaci in the first half of their quarter-final with hosts Italy. West Germany beat Czechoslovakia with a 25th minute Lothar Matthäus penalty.

The most intriguing match of the quarter-finals was between England and Cameroon. Apart from anything else, it was the only quarter-final to produce more than one goal. Despite Cameroon's heroics earlier in the tournament, David Platt put England ahead in the 25th minute. At half-time, Milla was brought on. In the second half, the game was turned on its head during a five-minute stretch: first Cameroon were awarded a penalty from which Emmanuel Kunde scored the equaliser; then in the 65th minute Eugene Ekeke put Cameroon ahead. Cameroon came within eight minutes of reaching the semi-finals before then they conceded a penalty, which Gary Lineker converted. Midway through extra time, England were awarded another penalty, and Lineker again scored from the spot. England were through to the semi-finals for the first time in 24 years.

The first semi-final featured the host nation, Italy, and the world champion, Argentina in Naples. 'Toto' Schillaci scored yet again to put Italy ahead in the 17th minute, but Claudio Cannigia equalised midway through the second half, breaking Walter Zenga's clean sheet streak throughout the tournament. There were no more goals in the 90 minutes or in extra time despite Maradona (who played for Naples in Serie A at the time) in showing glimpses of magic, but there was a sending-off: Ricardo Giusti of Argentina was shown the red card in the 13th minute of extra time. Argentina went through on penalties, winning the shoot-out 4–3 after more heroics from Goycochea.

The semi-final between West Germany and England at Juventus's home stadium in Turin was goalless at half-time. Then, in the 60th minute, a shot from Andreas Brehme was deflected by Paul Parker into his own net. England equalised with 10 minutes left, Gary Lineker was the scorer. The game ended 1-1. Extra time yielded more chances and Klinsmann was guilty of two glaring misses while both sides struck a post. England had another Platt goal disallowed for offside. The match went to penalties and West Germany went on to win the 4-3.

The game saw three goals in a 15-minute spell. Roberto Baggio opened the scoring after a rare mistake by England's goalkeeper Peter Shilton, in his final game before international retirement, presented a simple opportunity. A header by David Platt levelled the game 10 minutes later but Schillaci was fouled in the penalty area five minutes later, leading to a penalty. Schillaci himself got up to convert the kick to win him the tournament's Golden Boot for his six-goal tally. Nicola Berti had a goal ruled out minutes later, but the hosts claimed third place. England had the consolation prize of the Fair Play award, having received no red cards and the lowest average number of yellows per match.

The final between West Germany and Argentina has been cited as the most cynical and lowest quality of all World Cup Finals. In the 65th minute, Argentina's Pedro Monzon was sent off for a foul on Jürgen Klinsmann, the first player ever to be sent off in a World Cup Final.

Argentina, weakened by suspension and injury, offered little attacking threat throughout a contest dominated by the West Germans, who struggled to create many clear goalscoring opportunities. The only goal of the contest arrived in the 85th minute when Mexican referee Edgardo Codesal awarded a penalty to West Germany, after a foul on Rudi Völler by Roberto Sensini. Andreas Brehme, who later said there was no foul, converted the spot kick to settle the contest. In the closing moments, Argentina were reduced to nine after Gustavo Dezotti received the second yellow card of the game when he hauled Jürgen Kohler to the ground during a stoppage in play. The 1–0 scoreline provided another first: Argentina were the first team to fail to score in a World Cup Final.

With its third title (and three second-place finishes) West Germany – in its final tournament before national reunification – became the most successful World Cup nation at the time. West German manager Franz Beckenbauer became the only man to both captain (in 1974) and manage a World Cup winning team, and only the second man (after Mário Zagallo of Brazil) to win the World Cup as a player and as team manager. It was also the first time a team from UEFA won the final against a non-European team.



|

Francisco (moon)

Francisco is the closest non-spherical moon of Uranus. 

Francisco was found by Matthew J. Holman, et al. and Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2003 from pictures taken in 2001 and given the designation S/2001 U 3.
Confirmed as Uranus XXII, it was named after a lord in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".




Tropical cyclone warnings and watches

Warnings and watches are two levels of alert issued by national weather forecasting bodies to coastal areas threatened by the imminent approach of a tropical cyclone of tropical storm or hurricane strength. They are notices to the local population and civil authorities to make appropriate preparation for the cyclone, including evacuation of vulnerable areas where necessary. It is important that interests throughout the area of an alert make preparations to protect life and property, and do not disregard it on the strength of the detailed forecast track. Tropical cyclones are not points, and forecasting their track remains an uncertain science.

A tropical storm watch is issued by the National Hurricane Center when tropical storm effects are a possible threat to an area within 48 hours. Tropical storm effects include winds from 39 to 73 mph (35 to 64 knots, 63 to 117 km/h). Maritime flags indicate this with a single square red flag.

A tropical storm warning is issued when tropical storm effects are expected within 36 hours or less. Maritime flags indicate this with two square red flags.


Kingston, Jamaica

The City of Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica. It is on the southeastern coast of the island country. It faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes, a long sand spit which connects Port Royal and the norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island. In the Western Hemisphere, Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city south of the United States, with a population of 651,880 (2001 census).


Caliban (moon)

Caliban is the second biggest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.

Caliban was found on 1997-09-06 by Brett J. Gladman, Philip D. Nicholson, Joseph A. Burns, and John J. Kavelaars using the 200-inch Hale telescope together with Sycorax and given the designation S/1997 U 1.

Designated Uranus XVI it was named after the monster fictional character in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Stephano to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.

The diameter is estimated at 72 km (assuming albedo of 0.04), making it the second biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus, half the size of Sycorax, the biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus.

The light curve suggests Caliban's rotation period is 2.7 hours.




Tropical cyclone forecast model

A tropical cyclone forecast model is a computer program that uses meteorological data to forecast where tropical cyclones will go and how strong they will be. Models use powerful supercomputers and mathematical modeling software. There are two general types: statistical and dynamic. There are two main types of forecasts: track and intensity.


Villalba, Puerto Rico

Villalba (vee-YAHL-bah) is a municipality of Puerto Rico. It is in the central region, northeast of Juana Díaz; south of Orocovis; and west of Coamo. Villalba is spread over 6 wards and Villalba Pueblo (the downtown area and the administrative center of the city).

Stephano (moon)

Stephano is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, "et al." in 1999, and given the designation S/1999 U 2. 

Confirmed as Uranus XX, it is named after the drunken butler in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".




Trinculo (moon)

Trinculo is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Holman, "et al." on 2001-08-13, and given the designation S/2001 U 1. 

Confirmed as Uranus XXI, it was named after the drunken jester Trinculo in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".




Cabo Engaño

Cabo Engaño is a cape near Punta de Agua, the easternmost point of the island of Hispaniola, in the Dominican Republic. The region around the cape is very dry where cacti grow.

Christopher Columbus saw the cape for the first time on 16 January 1493 and named it as Cape Sant Theramo (or Cape San Telmo).

Punta Cana International Airport, one of the busiest airport of the country, is to the south of the cape.

Sycorax (moon)

Sycorax is one of Uranus' moons. It is the biggest retrograde non-spherical one of its moons.

Sycorax was found on September 6, 1997 by Brett J. Gladman, Philip D. Nicholson, Joseph A. Burns, and John J. Kavelaars. They found it using the 200-inch Hale telescope. They also found Caliban. Sycorax was given the designation S/1997 U 2.

Sycorax was confirmed as Uranus XVII. It was named after Sycorax, Caliban's mother in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Sycorax follows a far orbit, more than 20 times farther from Uranus than the farthest regular moon Oberon. Its orbit is retrograde, moderately inclined and eccentric.

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Setebos and Prospero, to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.

The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus (in polar co-ordinates) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.
The diameter of Sycorax is estimated at 150 km (assuming albedo of 0.04) making it the biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus, comparable in size with Himalia, the biggest non-spherical moon of Jupiter.

The rotation period could not be estimated well (best fit ~4 h).




Wozzeck

Wozzeck is an opera by the Austrian composer Alban Berg (1885-1935). It was composed between 1914 and 1922 and first performed in 1925.

Berg wrote this opera before the period when he used serialism in his works. His teacher Schoenberg had not yet developed the twelve tone system. The music of "Wozzeck" has tonal music in the tradition of Mahler, but also some atonal music (music which is not based on any key) as well as melodies which are based on the whole tone scale. The music sounded very modern at the time it was written. Berg also writes for the voices in unusual ways: sometimes they have to half-speak, half-sing (this is called Sprechgesang).

The opera is based on a play called "Woyzeck" by the German playwright Georg Büchner. "Woyzeck" was an unusual drama because, instead of being a story about someone important such as a king or a god, it was about a poor man who is not very smart and is bullied and misused by other people. When Berg wrote the opera nearly a century later, it was still an unusual story for an opera. The heroes in operas were usually important people, while working people often had comic parts: they were often servants. But Wozzeck is a simple man who cannot help what is happening to him. In drama this is sometimes called an "anti-hero".

Scene 1 (Suite): Wozzeck is working as a barber. While he is shaving the Captain, the Captain tells Wozzeck that he thinks Wozzeck leads a bad life because he has had a child with a woman (Marie) without being married to her. Wozzeck says that it is hard for him to be good because he is poor. He reminds the Captain that Jesus said "Let the little children come to me," (Mark 10:14). The Captain is confused by this remark.

Scene 2 (Rhapsody and Hunting Song): Wozzeck and his friend Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting. Wozzeck has scary visions: he sees the sinking sun covering the world in flames.

Scene 3 (March and Lullaby): Soldiers march by outside Marie's room. Her neighbour, Margret, tells Marie she is bad because she is flirting with the soldiers. Then Wozzeck comes and tells Marie of the terrible visions he has had.

Scene 4 (Passacaglia): The Doctor tells Wozzeck that he should not cough in the street (Büchner wrote: “piss in the street”). He says he is doing a medical experiment. Wozzeck is so simple that he believes him. The doctor is glad to hear about Wozzeck’s terrible visions.

Scene 5 (Rondo): Marie admires the Drum-major outside her room. He wants to love her. At first she turns away from him, but then she gives in and they rush out together.

Scene 1 (Sonata-Allegro): Marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the Drum-major gave her. Wozzeck arrives. He asks her where she got the earrings. She says she found them. Wozzeck does not know whether to believe her, but gives her some money and leaves. Marie knows her behaviour is wrong.

Scene 2 (Fantasia and Fugue on 3 Themes): The Doctor rushes by the Captain in the street, who tells him to slow down. The Doctor makes the Captain frightened by thinking of nasty illnesses that he might get. When Wozzeck comes, they tease him by saying that Marie loves someone else.

Scene 3 (Largo): Wozzeck talks about it to Marie. She admits that she has a boyfriend. Wozzeck is furious. He is about to hit her when she stops him, saying even her father never dared to hit her. She says: "better a knife in my belly than your hands on me". This gives Wozzeck an idea for revenge.

Scene 4 (Scherzo): Wozzeck sees Marie dancing with the Drum-major in a crowd. Andres asks Wozzeck why he is sitting by himself. A drunkard gives a sermon, then an idiot goes up to Wozzeck and says he can smell blood.

Scene 5 (Rondo): In the barracks at night, Wozzeck cannot sleep. He is keeping Andres awake. The Drum-major comes in. He is drunk. He gets Wozzeck out of bed to fight with him.

Scene 1 (Invention on a Theme): In her room at night, Marie reads to herself from the Bible. She wants to be forgiven.

Scene 2 (Invention on a Single Note (B)): Wozzeck and Marie are walking in the woods by a pond. Marie wants to leave, but Wozzeck stops her. The moon is shining bright red. Wozzeck becomes determined that if he can not have Marie, no one else can, and he stabs her.

Scene 3 (Invention on a Rhythm): People are dancing in a pub. Wozzeck enters, and when he sees Margret, he dances with her and pulls her onto his lap. He insults her, and then asks her to sing him a song. She sings, but then notices blood on his hand and elbow; everyone begins to shout at him, and Wozzeck rushes out.

Scene 4 (Invention on a 6-Note Chord): Wozzeck goes back to the place where he killed Marie. Wozzeck thinks that the knife he killed Marie with will prove that he is the murderer. He throws the knife into the pond. When the blood-red moon appears again, he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body, but he drowns. The Captain and the Doctor, passing by, hear Wozzeck moaning and rush off in fright.

Intermezzo (Invention on a Key (D minor)): This interlude leads to the finale.

Scene 5 (Invention on an Eighth-Note moto perpetuo, "quasi toccata"): The next morning a group of children are playing in the sunshine. People are telling one another that Marie's body has been found. The children all run off to see. Marie and Wozzeck’s little boy has been playing on a toy horse. He stops and runs after the other children to the pond.

Berg saw Büchner's play "Woyzeck" in 1914. It was the first time it had been performed in Vienna. The play had been advertised as "Wozzeck" because people could not read Büchner’s handwriting. This is why Berg uses this spelling for his opera.

Berg knew at once that he wanted to make the play into an opera. Büchner, who had died in 1837 at the age of 23, had left the play unfinished. Berg took fifteen scenes from the play and made them into an opera with three acts. He composed music with a particular form for each scene so that the music develops in a very organised way. He made changes to the libretto himself.

Though Berg began work on the opera in 1914, he was serving in the army during World War I, so he did not have time to continue working on it until 1917. He finished the opera in April 1922. Erich Kleiber conducted the first performance at the Berlin State Opera on December 14, 1925. It quickly became famous and was performed in all of the big opera houses in Europe. It was so successful that Berg was able to live off of the money he earned from it.

"Wozzeck" was the first major opera written in a modern 20th century style. A lot of the music is atonal (not in any key) so Berg was able to use this to express the madness of Wozzeck. Sometimes the music becomes more tonal, especially when the story is telling about love and humanity. He also bases some of the music about the soldiers on folksong which he treats in his own special way.

Another musical technique he uses is the leitmotif, in which particular characters or things are linked to particular themes or musical ideas. This technique can be very useful to suggest certain things. For example, there is a leitmotif for the earrings which the Drum major has given to Marie. When the major makes love to Marie we hear this leitmotif. The music makes us realize that he is not forcing her to love him but that she is willing. In another place, the military music tells us that Marie is thinking of the Drum major. 

Another leitmotif is the chord we hear when Wozzeck, near the beginning of the opera, talks about "poor folk like us". The chord we hear is used in other parts of the opera when characters are not strong enough to change their situation in life.

Gram (mythology)

In Norse mythology, Gram is the name of the sword of Sigurd (Siegfried). He used it to kill the dragon Fafnir. It was forged by Weyland the Smith and originally belonged to his father, Sigmund, who received it in the hall of the Volsung after pulling it out of a log into which Odin had stuck it–nobody else could pull it out. The sword was destroyed and reforged at least once. After it was reforged, it clove an anvil in half. See Sigurd for more details on the story of Siegfried and Fafnir.

In the "Nibelungenlied", Siegfried's sword is called Balmung; in Richard Wagner's Ring Cycle, it is called Nothung (Notung in more modern German).

Sigurd

Sigurd or Sigur is a male name used in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Iceland. It comes from Old Norse "Sigurðr" (from "sigr" "victory" and "varðr" "guardian"). Other forms of this name are Sigvard and Siward. A short form of the name is Sjur.

Sigurd can be:




Several earls of Orkney:

Other figures from Scandinavian history:

In science:

Military:

In politics:

Tantra

Tantra (Sanskrit: तन्त्र "weave" meaning "continuity"), tantricism or tantrism is the name for a number of traditions from Indian religions. Tantra began to blossom as a movement within both Buddhism and Hinduism around A.D. 500, reaching its fullest flowering 500 to 700 years later. These traditions are usually esoteric in their nature. Tantra exists in Hindu, Bönpo, Buddhist, and Jain forms. Tantra in its various forms has existed in South Asia, China, Japan, Tibet, Korea, Cambodia, Burma, Indonesia and Mongolia. In the west, today, traditional Tantric practices can be found within the Tibetan Buddhist tradition, and via the Kundalini and Kriya yoga schools, all of which are right-handed paths.

Tantra is derived from 2 words - "Tanoti" (Liberation of energy) and "Trayati" (Expansion of consciousness).


Sorbs

The Sorbs are Slavic people. They live mostly in Germany and Poland. There are 60,000 Sorbian people in the world. About 25,000 people speak one of the Sorbian languages. 

In Germany and Poland Sorbs do not use the old fashioned words "Wends" or "Wendish" to describe themselves. American and Australian communities often prefer to call themselves "Wends" or "Wendish". They think that “Sorb” and “Sorbian” are bad words. 

Upper Sorbian and Lower Sorbian dialects are protected languages in parts of Germany under the European Charter for Minority or Regional Languages

List of Romanian writers

This is a list of Romanian writers.




















Almazán

Almazán is a city in Castilla y León, in Spain. The city name comes from Arabic. There it means "The fortified place". It is located about 32 km south of the capital of the province (Valladolid), and about 192 km from Madrid. Today, about 5.700 people live there.

The city has a long history. In it, the Pedro IV of Aragon and Enrique II of Castilla signed the truce between Castillla and Aragon. Juan Hurtado de Mendoza was the majordomo of king Enrique III. The king Enrique IV of Castilla gave the city to him. He also got to supervise the city. Later the duchy was divided into two different parts.

The city itself was governed by the "Alcalde Mayor". He was helped by a committee of people from the city (3 noblemen, and 3 from the Hidalgo class).

The city belonged to the county of Altamira. The counts descended from Hernando de Mendoza.

Diego Laínez was a Jesuit monk who was born in the city. He was a companion to San Ignacio de Loyola. He also succeeded him as head of the Society of Jesus, a Catholic religious order. Laínez later had a large influence in the Council of Trent.

Most of the city is built in a Romanesque style. There are also some examples of Baroque, Renaissance and Gothic art styles.

Some of the notable buildings are:



Ratnasambhava

Ratnasambhava is one of the five Dhyani Buddhas. 

His mandala is yellow and is in the southern direction. Ratnasambhava embodies Dharma that changes pride, miserliness and avarice into equanimity. He is shown with his right hand extended down, palm facing outwards. His left hand holds a precious jewel in his lap. He is associated with changing poverty into wealth. Ratnasambhava’s blessings allow us to overcome pride and miserliness, thereby developing inner calm. The wealth-giving Buddhas or Jambhalas are associated with the family of Ratnasambhava.

Hydrangea

Hydrangea, common name Hortensia, is a genus of 70-80 species of flowers. The earliest kinds of hydrangea came from southern and eastern Asia. 

The colour of the flowers can tell you how much acid is in the soil the plant is growing in. 

For example alkaline ones produce pink colored flowers.


Mandala

A Mandala is a symbol of either a man or a woman in the world. 

The Mandala acts as a support for anyone in meditation. The Mandala itself is often illustrated as a palace with four gates, facing the four corners of the Earth. It is a symbol that represents wholeness, and can be seen as a model for the structure of life itself. There are generally symbols within it that represent something.

Margaret (moon)

Margaret is the only prograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2003 and given the designation S/2003 U 3.

Confirmed as Uranus XXIII, it was named after the servant of Hero in William Shakespeare's play "Much Ado About Nothing" 

Margaret stands out as the only prograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of Margaret, unique among the non-spherical moons of Uranus, with inclination on the vertical axis and the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.

https//ifarley.net



Joanot Martorell

Joanot Martorell (1413 – 1468) was the Valencian author of the novel "Tirant lo Blanch," which is written in the Valenciandialect (Martorell calls it "the Valencian vernacular" ""vulgar llengua valenciana"" used in the Crown of Aragon). First published in Valencia in 1490, it was reprinted in Barcelona in 1497, and some consider it the first modern novel in Europe. 

It deals with the adventures of a knight in the Byzantine Empire with echoes of the real-life Catalan Company. Miguel de Cervantes in the book burning scene of Don Quixote considers it the best knight novel. Martorell himself was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue, leading to a colleague, Marti Joan de Galba, finishing the novel.


St Albans

St Albans is the main urban area of the City and District of St Albans in Hertfordshire, England. It is 22 miles (35 km) north of London. St Albans is the former Roman town of Verulamium.

It was originally named Verlamion by the Celtic Catuvellauni tribe, and Verulamium by the Romans. It was the first major town on the old Roman road of Watling Street for travellers heading north.

Many of the Roman walls were knocked down by William the Conqueror and used to build St Albans Abbey, otherwise known as St Albans Cathedral. The town had many notable buildings but most were knocked down by Henry VIII. The only building left is the abbey. Though many other buildings have been built nearby Ye Old Fighting Cocks, which claims to be the oldest pub in the UK, a Roman amphitheatre and hypocaust floor, a disused bear baiting square in Verulamium Park, and the imposing Rats Castle at the top of Hatfield Road as well as Roman Verulanium Museum

The bones of St. Alban, the first English martyr, were kept in the Abbey in a shrine, but were stolen during the 19th century.They were smuggled out of the country into Munich. A few years ago The German Cathedral sent the shoulder bone of St. Alban and it is kept in the shrine behind a curtain

Now, due to its proximity to London, St. Albans is a commuter town.

St Albans School is a public school. It occupies a site to the west of the Abbey, which includes the 14th century Abbey Gateway. The school was founded in AD 948 and is the only school in the English-speaking world to have educated a Pope. Adrian IV was the only Englishman to become Pope.



City of Lancaster

The City of Lancaster (2002 population: 133,914) is a local government district in Lancashire, England. Its main town is Lancaster, from which it obtained its city status. Other towns in the district include Morecambe, Heysham, Slyne, and Carnforth.

The district was made on April 1 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, when the boroughs of Lancaster and Morecambe and Heysham, along with Carnforth urban district, Lancaster Rural District and Lunesdale Rural District joined together.

 Aalborg

Peripheral equipment

Peripheral equipment (also called: input and output devices) connects a computer to other things. It gives a computer system more features. Input is anything that goes in and output is anything that goes out. Any device for the computer that the computer can work without is peripheral equipment. This equipment is always separated from the central processing unit (CPU) by a device controller.

Peripheral equipment is necessary for people to interact with a computer system. Some peripheral equipment displays information (such as a computer monitor). Some peripherals, such as touchscreens, work for both input and output.

Peripheral equipment is often labelled I/O device (Input/Output device). I/O devices are connected to a device controller which is connected to the electronics in the computer system. An example of an output device is a set of computer speakers. Computer speakers are plugged into a device controller called an audio device. The device is connected to the rest of the system inside. An example of an input device is a computer mouse. It is connected in the same way as an output device. Most peripherals connect by cable but some connect by Bluetooth radio.

One peripheral device can be connected to many systems. 

Sometimes extra memory devices such as a second hard disk can be called peripheral equipment. People who make computer programs call everything except the processor and main memory an I/O device. To an engineer working on the design of a processor, everything except the processor is called an I/O device. 
An input device is anything that puts information inside a computer. It is a hardware device that sends information into the CPU. Without any input devices a computer would simply be a display device and not allow users to interact with it, similar to a TV. Below is a listing of different types of computer input devices.


An output device is anything to which the computer sends signals, for example things that display information from the computer or make sound from the computer. 


Federal Ministry of Marshall Plan Affairs

The Federal Ministry of Marshall Plan Affairs was one of the first ministries of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its job was to oversee the rebuilding of the new republic using money and aid given by the United States as part of the European Recovery Programme, which was usually called the Marshall Plan.

The only Minister for Marshall Plan Affairs was also the first Federal Vice Chancellor, Franz Blücher.

In 1953 the Ministry was renamed the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation.

Marshall Plan

The Marshall Plan (officially called the European Recovery Program [ERP]) was a plan of the United States for rebuilding the allied countries of Europe after World War II. One of the main reasons this was done was to stop communism and the USSR.

The plan was named after Secretary of State George Marshall, but the plan was worked out by other people in the State Department.

The plan ran for four years beginning in April 1948. During that period US$ 13 billion in economic and technical help were given to help the recovery of the European countries that had joined in the Organization for European Economic Co-operation.

By the time the plan ended, the economy of every member state had grown well past pre-war levels.

In recent years some historians have said that another reason for the plan was to make the United States stronger, and to make the countries of western Europe need the United States. They also say that the United Nations (UN) Relief and Rehabilitation Administration, which helped millions of refugees from 1944 to 1947, it also helped the European postwar recovery.

U.S. Treasury Secretary said that if Europe needed money to rebuild what had been destroyed by the war, they should take it from Germany. This money was called war reparations. Morgenthau said it would also stop Germany from ever being rebuilt, and threatening to start another war. Taking money from Germany was done after World War I. It did not work. Instead of helping other countries it hurt them. This is because companies could not sell the coal and steel that they made because it was coming in free from Germany.

Jean Monnet of France said that France should control the German coal areas of the Ruhr and Saar and use it to rebuild French industry. In 1946 the occupying powers agreed to put strict limits on how quickly Germany could reindustrialize. Limits were placed on how much coal and steel could be produced.

This was the first German industrial plan. It was signed in early 1946 and said that German heavy industry was to be cut down to half% of its 1938 levels by the destroying 1,500 manufacturing plants.

By the end of 1946 governments could see the problems of the plan, and the agreement was changed several times, the last time in 1949. But dismantling factories went on into 1950. Germany had been very important to the economy of Europe for a long time. This meant that a poor Germany was holding back European recovery, because other countries could not sell so many things to Germany. A poor Germany was also expensive for the occupying powers. They had to give Germany food and other things which it needed and could not grow or make for itself anymore.

Because of this the Morgenthau and Monnet plans were rejected.
The Marshall Plan ended in 1952. Ideas to extend it were stopped because of the cost of the Korean War and rearmament. U.S. Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections.

The Marshall Plan has been described as "the most unselfish act in history." However, this may not be the case. The United States benefited from the plan because part of the agreement for giving the aid was that the country would have to open up their economies to US companies.

"Historical revisionist" historians, such as Walter LaFeber, during the 1960s and 1970s said that the plan was American economic imperialism. That means, that it was an attempt to gain control over Western Europe just as the Soviets controlled Eastern Europe.

Tyler Cowen, economist, has said that nations receiving the most aid from the Marshall Plan (Britain, Sweden, Greece) saw the least returns and grew the least between 1947 and 1955. Those nations who received little (e.g. Austria) grew the most.

When he looked at West Germany's economy from 1945 to 1951, German analyst Werner Abelshauser decided that foreign aid was not needed to start the recovery or to keep it going. Cowen found that the economic recoveries of France, Italy, and Belgium, started before the Marshall Plan. Belgium relied heavily on free market economic policies after its liberation in 1944, and had the fastest recovery. It also did not have the severe housing and food shortages seen in the rest of continental Europe. 





Ninety-Five Theses

The Ninety-Five Theses on the Power of Indulgences, commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses, was written by Martin Luther.

Luther argued that the Church should not sell indulgences. Because many people agreed, Luther became very popular, paving the way for the Protestant Reformation.

On October 31, 1517, Luther approached the church authorities with his pressing call for reform. On this day he presented them with his theses. When the bishops did not respond, Luther circulated his theses privately. The theses spread quickly and were printed in Nuremberg, Leipzig, and Basel.

Most recently, in February 2007, the media reported that a handwritten note by Luther's secretary Georg Rörer, found in the university library at Jena, appeared to confirm the traditional account of Luther's nailing the theses to the door. As of February 2007, this new find has yet to be assessed by scholars.



Indulgence

An indulgence, in Roman Catholic theology, means that temporal punishment (punishment here on Earth) for sins which have already been forgiven is taken from the sinner. 

The indulgence is given by the church after the sinner has confessed and received absolution. 
Indulgences replaced the severe penances of the early church.

The basis of indulgences was said to be that the church has a "treasury of merit". This came from past Christians who had been even better than was required to gain salvation. Their good deeds were kept in a kind of bank that the Pope could draw from. He could give or sell the merit to others whose sins prevented them from being saved. 

During the crusades, the Pope promised "full indulgence" to those who volunteered to fight the Muslims. This meant that if they became soldiers in the Pope's army and died, they would go to heaven even if they had done evil things. 

By 1500, indulgences had developed into a printed letter that said that having paid money a person had received full pardon for all their sins. Even people who had died and were suffering in purgatory could be instantly freed if a living person paid for the indulgence. The money was used for building a church in Rome, with some of it going to local princes or secular leaders.

This extreme abuse of indulgences caused Martin Luther to protest against them. Luther said that it is better to give money to the poor and repent of one's sins instead of paying money to the Church. This was the starting point for the Protestant Reformation (1517). Soon after, at the Council of Trent, the Catholic Church tried to respond to the problems that led to the Reformation and the sale of indulgences was stopped. 

In modern times, the idea of indulgences has occasionally been used by the Catholic Church, but only as a reward for certain pious acts, and not as a full pardon for sins. 


Prospero (moon)

Prospero is a small retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus found on 1999-07-18 by the astrophysicist Matthew Holman and his team, and given designation S/1999 U 3. Confirmed as Uranus XVIII it was named after the sorcerer Prospero in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Sycorax and Setebos to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.
However, this suggestion does not appear to be supported by the observed colours. The moon appears grey in the visible light
, similar to Setebos but different from Sycorax (which is "light red").




Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos

Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos (5 January, 1744 27 November, 1811) was a Spanish neoclassical statesman, writer, and philosopher.

Involved in the disgrace of his friend, Francisco de Cabarrús, Jovellanos spent the years 1790 to 1797 in a sort of prison at Gijón where he wrote.

In 1797 he came back and refused the post of ambassador to Russia, but accepted to become minister of grace and justice. 

Joseph Bonaparte, on mounting the Spanish throne, made Jovellanos lots of offers but he refused them all and joined a patriotic party. 

When he was involved in the fall of the party he was sent back to Gijon. The vessel in which he sailed was compelled by stress of weather to put in at Vega de Navia (now Puerto de Vega) in Asturias where died on November 27 1811.

Empire State Building

The Empire State Building is a skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It is tall and has 102 floors. Named after the popular nickname for New York, the Empire State, it is one of the most famous landmarks in the US. When the Empire State Building opened on May 1, 1931, it was the world's tallest building.

Designed by the architects named Shreve, Lamb & Harmon Associates, it was built at a time when many people were trying to make the world's tallest building, but the Empire State Building won. The old Waldorf-Astoria Hotel was destroyed so that the Empire State Building could be built. The Empire State Building was completed in 410 days. It opened on May 1, 1931, when United States President Herbert Hoover pushed a button in Washington, D.C. to turn on the lights. The Empire State Building's design was based on the 21-story Reynolds Building in Winston-Salem, built in 1929. In the 1930s, the Empire State Building was called the "Empty State Building" because not many people worked in the building.

The Empire State Building became the tallest building in New York City and the world until the first World Trade Center towers passed it in 1970. When these towers were brought down in the September 11, 2001 attacks, the Empire State Building was again the tallest building in New York. It stopped being New York's tallest building in 2012 when the new One World Trade Center was built. 

On Saturday, July 28, 1945, a plane crashed into the building due to heavy fog and started a fire, but the building was only damaged a little. 14 people (3 in the plane) were killed in the accident.

On January 24, 2000, an elevator cable snapped, causing one of the building's elevators to crash from the 44th floor, stopping on the 4th floor. Both passengers in the elevator were only slightly injured.

The Empire State Building is at 350 Fifth Avenue. The building has its own ZIP code, 10118. There is a big Art Deco lobby with shops at Fifth Avenue. People can also go to a lobby on 34th Street. The Empire State Building has 73 elevators.

The 80th, 86th, and 102nd floors have places where people can look at the city from high above. There is a steel mast on the top of the Empire State Building. The builders wanted to have an airship station on the roof, but the station was not opened. Today, people cannot go to the mast. The mast has a radio transmitter. The Empire State Building also lights up at night.




Calvià

Calviá is a village on the island of Mallorca and it has some of the most beautiful beaches on the island.

The village of Calvià has an area of and an altitude of . There are almost 50,000 inhabitants.

Tourism is the main source of income in this city. In summer there are many tourist coming to this city, especially from the United Kingdom.


Hoover Dam

The Hoover Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River. It is on the border of the states of Arizona and Nevada. The reservoir it made is called Lake Mead. The dam is named after the former US President Herbert Hoover. At first it was called "Boulder Dam", but the name was changed to honor Hoover, who was president when the idea of building the dam started.


Felanitx

Felanitx is on the east side of Majorca close to Porto Colom on the coast. It is from Palma.
It is the centre of a very touristic area (there are more than 2.300 hotel rooms), especially in summer.
There are 17,000 inhabitants. 

It is the home town of the famous painter Miquel Barceló, who has just worked in the cathedral of Palma.


St. Peter's Basilica

St. Peter's Basilica, which is called "Basilica di San Pietro in Vaticano" in Italian, is a large church in the Vatican City, in Rome, Italy. It is often called “the greatest church in Christendom". In Catholic tradition, St. Peter's Basilica is believed to be the burial place of Saint Peter, who was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus. It is believed that Saint Peter was the first Bishop of Rome.

Although the Bible does not say that the apostle Peter went to Rome, other Roman Christians who were alive in the 1st century AD have written about him. Catholics believe that after Peter was killed, his body was buried in a cemetery where the basilica now stands. A tomb has been found below the altar of the basilica, and there were some bones, but no-one can say for certain if they are the bones of St. Peter.

A church was built here in the 4th century AD. The building that stands here now was begun on April 18, 1506 and was finished in 1626. Many Popes have been buried there. Although many people think St. Peter's is a cathedral, it is not, because it does not have a bishop. The pope is the Bishop of Rome, and although he usually uses St. Peter's as his main church, because he lives in the Vatican, his bishop's throne is in a different church, the cathedral of "Saint John Lateran". Large important churches like St. Peter's are often called basilicas. There are four ancient basilicas in Rome that were begun by the Emperor Constantine soon after he made Christianity the legal religion of the Roman Empire in the early 4th century AD (300s). The basilicas are "St. Peter's Basilica", "St. John Lateran", "Santa Maria Maggiore" and "St. Paul outside the Walls".

St. Peter's is famous for many reasons:

One of the books of the Bible, called the Acts of the Apostles, tells what happened to the disciples of Jesus after he was put to death by crucifixion in the 1st century AD. One of his twelve disciples became the leader. His name was Simon Peter and he was a fisherman from Galilee. Peter became one of the most important people in starting the Christian Church. Another important disciple was Paul of Tarsus, who travelled to many places and wrote lots of letters to teach and to encourage people in the new Christian groups that began to spring up in many different parts of the Roman Empire. St. Paul travelled to Rome. It is believed that St. Peter also travelled to Rome and that both Paul and Peter were put to death there as Christian martyrs. St. Paul was beheaded with a sword. Peter was crucified up-side-down. It is believed that the body of St. Peter was buried in a cemetery near the Via Cornelia, a road leading out of the city, on the hill called Vaticanus. Peter's grave was marked, by a red rock, the symbol of his name. The place where Peter died was marked, in the 1400s, by a little round temple called the "Tempietto" designed by Bramante.

St. Peter is very important in Roman Catholic tradition because Peter is believed to have been the head of the Christian Church in Rome, and so he was the first bishop. The Gospel of Matthew (chapter 16, verse 18) tells that Jesus said these words to Peter:

The name Peter means a "rock". The Roman Catholic Church believes that Jesus made Peter the head of the Christian Church, and so all the Bishops of Rome (the Popes) must be the leaders of the Christian Church throughout the whole world. The Protestant and Orthodox churches believe that Jesus was speaking about the important words Peter had just said: ""You are the Christ and the Son of the Living God"" (Matthew 16:16), and that this "Confession of Faith" is the rock that the Christian Church is built on.

On December 23, 1950, while making his Christmas radio broadcast to the world, Pope Pius XII announced that Saint Peter's tomb had been discovered. Archaeologists had been searching for ten years in a place under the basilica that had been covered up for about a thousand years. They had found part of a small building dating from soon after St. Peter's death, and some bones, but no-one could be sure if they were the bones of St. Peter.

St. Peter's Basilica, as it stand today, was begun in 1506. The first basilica, which is now called "Old St. Peter's Basilica" was begun by the Emperor Constantine between 326 and 333 AD. This was a big wide church in the shape of a Latin Cross, over 103.6 metres (350 feet) long. The central part called the "nave" had two aisles on either side, separated by rows of talls Roman columns. In front of the main entrance was large courtyard with a covered walkway all around. This church had been built over a small "shrine" (little chapel) believed to mark the burial place of St. Peter. The old basilica contained a very large number of tombs and memorials, including those of most of the popes from St. Peter to the 15th century.

By the end of the 15th century (1400s), the old basilica was falling to pieces. Pope Nicholas V, (1447–55), was worried about it and got two architects, Leone Battista Alberti and Bernardo Rossellino, to make plans to restore it or build a new one. But Pope Nicholas had so many political problems that when he died, very little of the work had been done.
In 1505, Pope Julius II decided to "demolish" (pull down) the old St. Peter's and build a basilica that would be the grandest church in the world and make Rome (and himself) famous. He held a competition and invited lots of artists and architects to draw designs. A plan was selected and the build was begun, but Pope Julius did not get his new basilica. In fact, it was not finished for 120 years. The planning and construction (or "building work") lasted through the reigns of 21 popes and 8 architects.

The changing plans for St. Peter's. The architectural terms are explained in the article.
When Pope Julius decided to build the "grandest church in Christendom" the design by Donato Bramante was chosen, and Pope Julius laid the foundation stone in 1506. Bramante's plan was in the shape of an enormous Greek Cross, which means that it had four arms all of equal length, and a large dome at the middle. For the next hundred years, the "groundplan" got changed backwards and forwards between a "Greek Cross" like Bramante's plan and a "Latin Cross" like the old basilica, but one thing never changed, and that was the idea of having an enormous dome at the place where the two arms crossed.
At that time, there were only three very large domes in the whole world. One was far away in Constantinople on the church of Hagia Sophia and not many people in Italy had seen it. The other two domes were both very well known. One was the dome on the temple to the Ancient Roman gods, called the Pantheon. The other dome was built in the early 15th century (1400s) on Florence Cathedral by Filippo Brunelleschi. The dome of the Pantheon is 43.3 metres (142.06 ft) across and the dome of Florence Cathedral is about 42.1 metres (138 ft), but is much taller. Bramante's plan for the dome of St. Peter's was for it to be about as wide as the dome of Florence, and even taller.

No architect with any sense would try to design a dome without first checking out how these other two domes were made. Bramante checked them out. He discovered that the dome of the Pantheon, which had been standing for nearly 1500 years, was made of concrete. So that the concrete wouldn't be too heavy, it was mixed with pumice stone which comes out of a volcano and is full of gas holes so it is very light weight. Bramante learned how to make concrete like the Ancient Romans.

Bramante's dome was to be like the one on the Pantheon. But there was one very big difference between the Pantheon dome and Bramante's design. The Pantheon's dome stands on a round wall like a drum, with only one doorway in it, but Bramante's dome was designed to stand on a drum, which was standing high up on four wide arches. The aches rested on four enormous "piers" (pillars of stone). He had got this idea from Florence Cathedral which had an enormous dome resting on eight big piers. Another idea that Bramante got from Florence Cathedral was the design for the little stone tower which sits on top of the dome and is called the "lantern".

When Pope Julius died in 1513, the next pope, Leo X, called in three architects, Giuliano da Sangallo, Fra Giocondo and Raphael. Sangallo and Fr Giocondo both died in 1515. Raphael made a big change to the plan. Instead of having a Greek Cross, he decided to change the plan to a Latin Cross, which had a long "nave" and "aisles" like the old basilica.

Raphael also died, in his mid-30s, in 1520, before any important changes could be made to the building. The next architect was Peruzzi who like some of the ideas that Raphael had, but did not like the Latin Cross plan. Peruzzi went back to Bramante's Greek Cross plan. But there were so many arguments in the church that the building stopped completely. Then in 1527 Rome was invaded by Emperor Charles V. Peruzzi died in 1536 without his plan being built. The only main parts of the building which had been constructed were Bramante's four big "piers" to hold the dome.

Antonio da Sangallo (known as "Sangallo the Younger") looked at all the different plans by Peruzzi, Raphael and Bramante. He put some of their ideas together in a design that had a very short nave, (not a long one like Raphael's design) and had a big porch at the front. He changed Bramante's dome to be much stronger and also much more decorated. The main new idea that he added were 16 stone ribs to strengthen the dome. This idea came from Florence Cathedral which had eight stone ribs. But Sangallo's plan never got built, either. The main job that he did was to strengthen Bramante's piers which had begun to crack.

On January 1st, 1547 in the reign of Pope Paul III, Michelangelo, who was already over 70, became the architect of St. Peter's. He is the main designer of the building as it stands today. Michelangelo died before the job was finished, but by that time, he had got the construction up to a point where other people could get it finished. Michelangelo had already done a lot of work for the popes, carving figures for the tomb of Pope Julius II, painting the Sistine Chapel ceiling, which took five years, and the enormous fresco the "Last Judgement" on the wall of the Sistine Chapel. Michelangelo found the popes and the cardinals very difficult to work with. When Pope Paul asked him to be the new architect for St. Peter's, Michelangelo did not want the job. In fact, Pope Paul did not really want Michelangelo. But his first choice, Giulio Romano, died suddenly. Michelangelo told the pope that he would only do the job, if he could do it in whatever way he thought was best.

Michelangelo wrote:

When Michelangelo took over a building site in 1547, the nave of the old basilica was still standing and in use. There were four of the most enormous piers in the world standing where the western part of the old basilica had been. The building work had stopped for so long that weeds and bushes were growing out between the stones of the unfinished building as if it was a cliff. Michelangelo looked at all the plans that had been drawn by some of the greatest architects and engineers of the 16th century. He knew he could do whatever he liked but he had respect for the other designers, especially Bramante. He knew that he was expected to make a design that would be the symbol of the city of Rome, in the same way as Brunelleschi's dome was the symbol of Florence where Michelangelo had lived as a young man. He went back to the Greek Cross idea and re-drew Bramante's plan, making every part of it much stronger and simpler. It had to be strong enough to support the tallest dome in the world.

Michelangelo was a sculptor. When he was going to carve something, he would start by making a clay model. Michelangelo could imagine the building like a lump of clay. What if the building could be pushed and pulled and squeezed? If you could squeeze the corners in, then other bits would bulge out. If you could put your hands around the whole building and squeeze it, then the dome would bulge upwards. The idea of imagining buildings as bendy and bulgy was a completely new one. But other artists like Gianlorenzo Bernini looked at what Michelangelo did at St. Peter's and used this clever new idea in their own work. This is called the Baroque style.

As it stands today, the "Greek Cross" part of the basilica is Michelangelo's design and the "nave", which was added later, is by Carlo Maderna. Comparing Michelangelo's plan with Raphael's plan shows that while the outside-line of Raphael's plan has clear square and round shapes, the outside-line in Michelangelo's plan has lots of changes of direction. That is the way it was built. All around the outside of the building are enormous "pilasters" (which are like giant columns stuck on the building). Almost every pilaster is set at a different angle to the next one as if the flat walls had been folded up. Right around the top of the building is a band called the "cornice". A "cornice" is usually quite flat, but because of all the changes of direction, this cornice ripples like a giant piece of ribbon, tied around the outside of the building. The art historian Helen Gardner wrote that it looked as of the whole building was being held together from top to bottom.

Michelangelo designed the dome again, using ideas from Bramante and Sangallo the Younger. Three important ideas came from the dome that Brunelleschi had built in Florence more than 100 years earlier.

When Michelangelo died in 1564, the walls were being built, the piers had been strengthened and everything was ready for the building of the dome. The Pope wanted Michelangelo's assistant Vignola to finish it, but he was not able to. After twenty years Pope Sixtus V gave the job to the architect Giacomo della Porta and the engineer Domenico Fontana. Giacomo Della Porta successfully built the dome. He made some changes to the design, like adding some lions' heads to the decoration because they were the symbol of Pope Sixtus' family. The main way that the dome is different from the wooden model is that it is much more pointy.

Some writers believe that Michelangelo had changed his mind from his first plan, and did not want the pointy dome. They believe he wanted a round dome which would look more "restful". Other writers believe that Michelangelo wanted the pointed dome, not just because it was safer to build, but also because it looked more exciting, as if the building was pushing upwards. Pope Sixtus V lived just long enough to see the dome finished in 1590. His name is written in gold letters around the inside, just below the lantern.

Pope Clement III, had a cross raised into place on top of the lantern. It took a whole day and everyone in Rome was given a holiday, and all the church-bells of the city were rung. In the arms of the cross are set two lead boxes, one containing a fragment of the True Cross and a bone of Saint Andrew and the other containing medals of the "Holy Lamb".

The dome of St. Peter's rises to a height of 136.57 m (448.06 ft) from the floor of the basilica. It is the tallest dome in the world. Its inside diameter is 41.47 metres (136.06 ft), just slightly smaller than those of the Pantheon and the Florence Cathedral.

Around the inside of the dome is written in letters 2 metres (6.5 ft) high:

In 1602 Pope Paul V put Carlo Maderna in charge of the building. On February 18 1606, workmen began to pull down the rest of the old basilica. Some people were very upset. The building committee felt guilty. They decided that the church was the wrong shape, and that they wanted a Latin Cross plan because it was the symbol of the death of Jesus. They wanted a "nave" which would cover all the Holy Ground where the old building had been. In 1607 Maderna's plans for the nave and the "facade" (the front) were accepted. For the inside, he used very large piers with pilasters like Michelangelo's, but he made a clear join between the two parts of the building. The building work began on May 7 1607 and 700 men were employed to do the work. In 1608, the facade was begun. In December 1614 the building was all finished except for the decorations on the ceiling. Early in 1615 the temporary wall between Michelangelo's building and the new nave was pulled down. All the mess was carted away, and the nave was ready for use by Palm Sunday.

The façade was designed by Maderna. It is 114.69 metres (376.28 ft) wide and 45.55 metres (149.44 ft) high and is built of pale grey travertine stone, with a giant Corinthian columns and a central triangular pediment. Along the roof-line are statues of Christ, John the Baptist, and eleven of the apostles.

Inside the main doors is a portico (a long hall) which runs across the front of the building and has five doors leading into the basilica. Its has a long curving roof decorated with gold. The light that comes through the doors shines on the beautifully patterned marble floor. At each end of the portico, set between columns, is a statue of a figure on horseback. They are Charlemagne sculpted by Cornacchini (18th century) to the south and Emperor Constantine by Bernini (1670) to the north. Maderna's last work at St. Peter's was to design a sunken crypt called the "Confessio" under the dome, where people can go to be nearer the burial place of the apostle. All around its marble handrail are 95 bronze lamps.

As a young boy Gianlorenzo Bernini (1598-1680) visited St. Peter's and said that one day he wanted to build "a mighty throne for the apostle". His wish came true. As a young man, in 1626, Pope Urban VIII asked him to work as architect for the basilica. Bernini spent the next fifty years thinking of new and beautiful things to design. He is thought of as the greatest architect and sculptor of the Baroque period.

Bernini's first work at St. Peter's was to design the "baldacchino" which is like a tent or "pavilion" above the High Altar. This amazing thing is 30 metres (98 ft) tall and is probably the largest piece of bronze in the world. It stands underneath the dome and has four huge bronze twisted columns decorated with olive leaves and bees, because bees were the symbol of Pope Urban. Pope Urban had a niece that he loved very much and he got Bernini to put her face and the face of her new-born baby boy on the columns as well.

Bernini had a great idea for Bramante's great big piers. He had four hollow "niches" carved into them where four huge statues could stand. The basilica owns some precious relics: a piece of the True Cross of Jesus, a veil that a woman wiped the face of Jesus with, while he was carrying the cross, the spear that was used to pierce Jesus side, and the bones of St. Andrew, the brother of St. Peter. No-one knows for sure whether these things are real or not, but for hundreds of years they have been precious. Bernini's plan was the make four marble statues of the four Holy people: St. Helena who found the cross, St. Longinus who was the soldier with the spear, St Veronica who wiped Jesus' face and St. Andrew. (See below)
Bernini's next job was to make a special throne out of bronze, to hold an ancient wood and ivory throne that had been at the basilica for more than 500 years. It is called the "Cattedra Petri" or "throne of St. Peter". The bronze throne, with the old wooden throne inside it, is held up high at the end of the basilica, by four important saints who are called "Doctors of the Church" because they were all great writers and teachers. The statues are made of bronze. They are Saints Ambrose and Augustine for the Church of Rome and Saints Athanasius and John Chrysostum for the Orthodox Church. Above the chair is a window which is made not from glass but thin translucent stone called alabaster. The Dove of the Holy Spirit is in the middle of the window with rays of light spreading out into the basilica through a sculpture of golden clouds and angels. Bernini designed this to look like a window into Heaven. There was a great celebration when the chair was put in place on January 16, 1666.

Bernini's last work for St. Peter's, 1676, was to decorate of the Chapel of the Sacrament. He designed a miniature version of Bramante's Tempietto, and made it in gilt bronze. On either side is an angel, one gazing in adoration and the other looking towards the viewer in welcome. Bernini died in 1680 in his 82nd year.

To the east of the basilica is the "Piazza di San Pietro" (St. Peter's Place). The piazza was designed by Bernini and built between 1656 and 1667. It was not an easy job because the designer had lots of things to think about. Firstly, many people complained that Maderna's "facade" on St. Peter's looked too wide, so Bernini wanted to make it look narrower, not wider. Secondly, in the old square left over from the Old St. Peter's, Pope Sixtus V had a monument set up. This monument was a precious Ancient Egyptian "obelisk" (which is like a tall column, but with four flat sides). From its base to the top of the cross (that the pope had put on top) it was 40 metres (131 ft) high, and had been brought to Rome in ancient times. The obelisk really should be at the center of the new square, but it was not in quite the right place, and was very difficult to move without breaking. The third problem was that Maderna had built a fountain to one side of the obelisk, and Bernini needed to make another fountain to match it, otherwise the design would look unbalanced.

Bernini solved the problem by making two areas, instead of one huge one. The first area is an almost-square area right in front of the facade. It is cleverly designed with sloping sides that make the building look taller and not so wide. The second part of the piazza is oval. It has the obelisk at the center with two fountains on either side at the widest part. The two parts of the piazza are surrounded by a "colonnade" (covered walk-way) which is carried on tall columns. All around are large statues of saints which seem to look down on the thousands of visitors that come to the square every day. The colonnade is in two great arcs that seem to stretch out like loving arms, welcoming people to the Basilica. In recent times some buildings were demolished, making another square, to match the one near the piazza.

The famous architectural historian, Sir Banister Fletcher, said that no other city in the world had given such a wonderful view to people visiting their main church. He said that no other architect except Bernini could have imagined such a noble design. He said it is the greatest entrance to the greatest Christian church in the whole world.

St. Peter's Basilica has many treasures. These include Christian relics, the tombs of popes and many other important people, famous artworks which are mostly sculpture and other interesting things.


Alcúdia

Alcudia is a city on the island of Majorca. About 5,400 people live there. It used to be a fortified city to prevent attacks. Tourism is one of the main resources in the city, especially during the summer, which is known as the high season.


Computer memory

Computer memory is a temporary storage area. It holds the data and instructions that the Central Processing Unit (CPU) needs. Before a program can run, the program is loaded from storage into the memory. This allows the CPU direct access to the computer program. Memory is needed in all computers.

A computer is usually a binary digital electronics device. Binary means it has only two states. On or Off. Zero or One. In a binary digital computer transistors are used to switch the electricity on and off. The computer's memory is made from lots of transistors. 

Each on/off setting in the computer's memory is called a binary digit or bit. A group of eight bits is called a byte. A byte is made from two nibbles of four bits each. Computer scientists made up the words "bit" and "byte". The word "bit" is short for "binary digit". It takes "bi" from binary and adds the "t" from digit. A collection of bits was called a bite. The computer scientists changed the spelling to "byte" to avoid confusion. When the computer scientists needed a word for half a byte, they thought "nibble", as in "half a bite", would be a fun word to choose.

A byte of memory is used to store a code to represent a character such as a number, a letter or a symbol. Eight bits can store 256 different codes. This was thought enough and a byte became fixed at eight bits. 
This allows the ten decimal digits, 26 lower-case letters, 26 upper-case letters and many symbols. 
Early computers used six bits to a byte. This gave them 64 different codes. These computers did not have lower-case letters. 

Computer scientists had to agree on which code would represent each character. Most modern computers use ASCII, the "American Standard Code for Information Interchange". In ASCII each code is eight bits – any combination of 0s and 1s – and form one character. The letter A is denoted by the code 01000001.

To allow for all the different characters in all the worlds languages, modern computers need more than 256 different characters. Another code system called Unicode allows for 1,112,064 different characters by using from one to four bytes for each character.

The computer's CPU can access each individual byte. It uses an address for each byte. Computer memory addresses start at zero and go up to the biggest number the computer can use. Older computers were limited in how much memory they could address. 32-bit computers can address up to 4GB of memory. Modern computers use 64 bits and could address up to 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 bytes = 16 exabytes of memory.

The numbers that computers use can get very large. To make it easier, the unit K (for kilobyte) or Ki (for kibibyte) can be used. In computer memory numbers are powers of two. One Kibibyte is two to the power of 10, that is 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 and written as 2 = 1024 bytes. For example, 64 Kibibytes, written as 64KiB or 64KB, of memory is the same as 65,536 bytes (1,024 × 64 = 65,536). For larger memory capacities, the units "megabyte" (MB) or "mebibyte" (MiB) and "gigabyte" (GB) or "gibibyte" (GiB) are used. One megabyte of computer memory means 2 bytes or 1024KB, which is 1,048,576 bytes. One gibibyte means 2 bytes or 1024MB. 

The numbers are multiples of two. This is why a kilobyte of memory is 1024 bytes and not 1000 as would be the case for kilogram. To try to avoid this confusion the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) use the names kibibyte, mebibyte, and gibibyte for binary powers. They use kilobyte, megabyte, and gigabyte to mean powers of 10. The Joint Electron Device Engineering Council (JEDEC) have kept the older names. To make it worse the sizes of computer storage, such as hard disk drives (HDD), are measured in powers of ten. So a 500GB disk drive is 500 x 1000 x 1000 x 1000 bytes. This is a lot less that 500GB of memory which is 500 x 1024 x 1024 x1024. Most computer scientists still use the old names and have to remember that the units are different when talking about memory and storage devices.

There are some programs and instructions which the computer will always need. Read only memory (ROM) is the permanent memory which is used to store these important control programs and systems software to perform functions such as booting up or starting up programs. ROM is non-volatile. That means the contents are not lost when the power is switched off. Its contents are written when the computer is built, but in modern computers, the user can change the contents using special software.

Random access memory (RAM) is used as the working memory of a computer system. It stores input data, intermediate results, programs, and other information temporarily. It can be read and/or written. It is usually volatile, which means that all data will be lost when the power is turned off. In most cases it is loaded again from the hard disk which is used as data storage.

Non-volatile memory is computer memory that keeps the stored information when not powered.
Examples of non-volatile memory include:

It can sometimes refer to computer storage. These are always non-volatile. 
Examples inlcude:

Dio

Dio was an American heavy metal band. It was founded by Ronnie James Dio in 1983 after he left Black Sabbath. He left the band because of an argument with Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler over the mixing of Live Evil and took Vinny Appice with him. He also left Sabbath because he wanted to make his own music. He took Vinny Appice with him. Appice stayed in the band until 1988. He and Ronnie joined Sabbath again in 1992. They toured with Sabbath as well. They both left the band again, and made music until 1996.

The band made 10 studio albums. Dio had many different members. Ronnie James Dio was the only person to stay in the band. Some of the people who have played in the band are Vivian Campbell, Craig Goldy, and Doug Aldrich. The band was put on hiatus in 2006 when Dio joined Heaven and Hell. They released one song and started work on a new album.Those plans were demolished after the band officially broke up in 2010 when Dio died from stomach cancer. He was 68 years old.

Dio sold more than 20 million albums. Their most popular albums are "Holy Diver" (1983) and "The Last in Line" (1984). These albums were certified platinum by the RIAA. Many of their albums have been on the "Billboard" 200, an American music chart.


Setebos (moon)

Setebos is one of the farthest retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus. It was found on 1999-07-18 by John J. Kavelaars "et al." and designated S/1999 U 1.

Confirmed as Uranus XIX it is named after the god worshipped by Caliban and Sycorax in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Sycorax and Prospero to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin. However, this suggestion does not appear to be supported by the observed colours. The moon appears grey in the visible light, similar to Prospero but different from Sycorax (which is "light red").



Hydroelectricity and dams in the Dominican Republic

There are many hydroelectric plants in the Dominican Republic, which is composed of rivers, lakes, streams, and several waterfalls.

"Note:" 


Culebra, Puerto Rico

Isla Culebra () (Snake Island) is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico originally called Isla Pasaje and Isla de San Ildefonso. It is located about seventeen miles east of the Puerto Rican mainland, twelve miles west of St. Thomas and nine miles north of Vieques. Culebra is spread over 5 wards and Culebra (Dewey) Pueblo (The downtown area and the administrative center of the city). The island is also known as Isla Chiquita (Little Island) and Ultima Virgen (Last Virgin). Residents of the island are known as "Culebrenses".


Vieques, Puerto Rico

Vieques (English pronunciation: "vee-AY-kayz" or "-kez"), in full Isla de Vieques, is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico in the northeastern Caribbean. Like mainland Puerto Rico the island is US territory, though it retains strong Spanish influences from 400 years of Spanish ownership.


Fajardo, Puerto Rico

Fajardo (fah-HAHR-do) is a small city in eastern Puerto Rico. It is on the Atlantic Ocean, north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo. Fajardo has 7 wards and Fajardo Pueblo (The downtown area and the administrative center of the city).


Hurricane Noel

Hurricane Noel was the fourteenth named storm and sixth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. Noel formed on October 27 from the interaction between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the north-central Caribbean Sea. It strengthened to winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) before making landfall on western Haiti and the north coast of eastern Cuba. It turned northward, and on November 1 it attained hurricane status. The hurricane accelerated northeastward after crossing the Bahamas, and on November 2 it became an extratropical cyclone. (The Canadian Hurricane Centre classified Noel as a post-tropical storm until 2200 UTC November 4 when it determined that it had lost all tropical characteristics.)

The storm caused at least 169 deaths along its path, primarily in Hispaniola, due to flooding and mudslides. It was the deadliest Atlantic hurricane of the 2007 season. After its transition to post-tropical, Noel became a very strong low pressure system causing flooding and wind damage over Maine and Eastern Canada. It even dropped snow over some areas of Eastern Quebec and Labrador.

The name Noel was retired in May 2008 and replaced by Nestor for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season.


Storm history of Hurricane Wilma

The meteorological history of Hurricane Wilma, the strongest tropical cyclone known in the Western Hemisphere, began in the second week of October 2005. A big weather system formed across much of the Caribbean Sea and slowly organized to the southeast of Jamaica. By late on October 15, the system was became strong for the National Hurricane Center to name it Tropical Depression Twenty-Four.

The depression slowly moved southwestward, and in conditions that were good for strengthening, it strengthened into Tropical Storm "Wilma" on October 17. In the beginning, development was slow because of its large size, although thunderstorms slowly organized. From October 18, and over the next day, Wilma underwent explosive deepening over the open waters of the Caribbean; in a 30-hour period, the system's central atmospheric pressure dropped from 982 mbar (29.00 inHg) to the record-low value of 882 mbar (26.05 inHg), while the winds increased to 185 mph (300 km/h). At its strongest, the pinhole eye of Wilma was about 3 miles (5 km) in diameter, the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane. After the inner eye died off because of an eyewall replacement cycle, Wilma weakened to Category 4 status, and on October 21, it made landfall on Cozumel and on the Mexican mainland with winds of about 150 mph (240 km/h).

Wilma weakened over the Yucatán Peninsula, and reached the southern Gulf of Mexico before speeding up northeastward. Despite increasing amounts of wind shear, the hurricane re-strengthened to hit Cape Romano, Florida as a major hurricane. Wilma weakened as it quickly crossed the state, and entered the Atlantic Ocean near Jupiter, Florida. The hurricane again re-intensified before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection. On October 26, it turned into an extratropical cyclone, and the next day, the remnants of Wilma were absorbed by another extratropical storm over Atlantic Canada.

The origin of Hurricane Wilma is complicated. During the second week of October, an unusually large, monsoon-like lower-level circulation and a large area of disturbed weather developed over much of the Caribbean Sea. The system was enhanced by diffluence—the rate at which a fluid moves—from an upper-level low across the southwestern Atlantic. By October 13, a broad area of low pressure developed and persisted about 150 miles (240 km) southeast of Jamaica, possibly aided by the passage of tropical waves through the area at the time. Convection increased and became slightly better organized, though upper-level wind shear originally stopped development. The system moved westward, and early on October 14 the convection became more concentrated and a little better organized as upper-level wind shear lessened slightly.

Later on October 14, the system became much better organized, with increasingly organized shower and thunderstorm activity, as conditions in the upper levels of the atmosphere became significantly more favourable. It was then that the National Hurricane Center first said that it was possible for a tropical depression to develop in the area. Dvorak classifications were initiated on October 15. The system continued to organize, with the National Hurricane Center remarking the system could ultimately become a hurricane. By late on October 15, the surface circulation became defined well-enough, with enough organized deep convection, for the National Hurricane Center to designate the system as "Tropical Depression Twenty-Four" while it was about 220 miles (345 km) east-southeast of Grand Cayman.

The depression tracked slowly westward, a motion due to weak steering currents caused by a high pressure system to its north across the Gulf of Mexico. Initially, the center of circulation was broad without a defined inner core. Originally, the tropical depression was forecast to drift west-southwestward before turning to the north; within 120 hours of the forecast the system was predicted to be about 80 miles (130 km) south of the Isle of Youth as a 105 mph (170 km/h) hurricane. The National Hurricane Center noted in the first advisory on the depression that there were "all indications that there could a dangerous hurricane in the northwestern Caribbean Sea in 3 to 5 days." This was due to the depression being in an environment very ideal for development, specifically low amounts of wind shear and very warm water temperatures.

As Tropical Depression Twenty-Four drifted southwestward, it steadily organized; by early on October 16, rainbands began to slowly consolidate with well-established outflow, and a large upper-level anticyclone developed over the depression. Although deep convection and banding features increased, mid-level dry air from the north prevented significant organization, and the convection was split into two primary areas. Surface buoy reports indicated that, due to its large size, the system failed to strengthen beyond tropical depression status, even though it received tropical storm strength Dvorak classifications from The National Hurricane Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Satellite Analysis Branch. Continued reconnaissance flights reported peak winds of about 30 mph (50 km/h).

By early on October 17, the outer rainbands, which had previously controlled the structure of the cyclone, dissipated, while deep convection developed near and to the south of the center. Computer models predicted steady strengthening as the depression moved westward before turning to the north. Deep convection continued to develop to the south of the center, and the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma at 0600 UTC on October 17, while about 200 miles (320 km) southeast of Grand Cayman. Right after becoming a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center predicted Wilma to track west-northwestward, reaching winds of 105 mph (170 km/h) before striking the northeastern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula. The storm continued to the southwest while deep convection laid near the center. Late on October 17, a Hurricane Hunters flight into Wilma recorded winds of 50 mph (80 km/h), but an unusually low pressure of 989 mbar (29.21 inHg), which would be more typical of a minimal hurricane. This was because of a number of unusual low pressures across the region, which resulted in a lesser pressure gradient and thus lighter winds. Convection continued to develop near the center and became much more symmetrical.
Tropical Storm Wilma began to turn to the west-northwest on October 18, during which the storm developed a small, intermittent and ragged eye feature as well as a mid-level eye feature. At 1200 UTC on October 18, Wilma strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane while about 225 miles (360 km) south-southeast of Grand Cayman. Shortly after reaching hurricane strength, the hurricane began undergoing explosive deepening, after the development of a "pinhole" eye 9 miles (14 km) in diameter. This small eye was surrounded by a ring of deep convection, with cloud-top temperatures of about -125 °F (-87 °C).

Early on October 19, Wilma attained major hurricane status while continuing to rapidly intensify, and by 0600 UTC, the storm's maximum sustained winds increased to 170 mph (275 km/h), making Wilma a dangerous Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. In the span of just 24 hours, Wilma had intensified from a 70-mph (110-km/h) tropical storm to a 175-mph (280-km/h) Category 5 hurricane, an event that has never happened before for an Atlantic hurricane. The eye continued to contract to a diameter of about 3 miles (5 km), the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane, and at 1200 UTC on October 19, Wilma reached peak winds of 185 mph (300 km/h). The central pressure quickly dropped 54 mbar (1.65 inHg) from 0000 to 0600 UTC.

At 0800 UTC, a Hurricane Hunters flight recorded a minimum central pressure of 884 mbar (26.10 inHg) in a dropsonde near the center of the extremely small eye. As the dropsonde did not reach the calm winds in the center, the pressure was estimated at 882 mbar (26.05 inHg), the lowest pressure in an Atlantic hurricane on record. The pressure continued to fall as the Hurricane Hunters left the hurricane, and it is possible the pressure was a little bit lower. Operationally, the peak intensity was estimated at 175 mph (280 km/h). At the time of its peak intensity, hurricane-force winds extended only 50 miles (85 km) from the small center of Wilma, with tropical storm force winds extending only about 160 miles (260 km).

Shortly after peaking in intensity, the coldest cloud tops surrounding the eye warmed a little bit and an outer eyewall began to form, meaning that an eyewall replacement cycle was happening. By late on October 19, the winds in Hurricane Wilma decreased to 160 mph (260 km/h) as the inner 5 mile (8 km) wide eye weakened and the wind field expanded. Early on October 20 the hurricane weakened to Category 4 status after the small, inner eye dissipated and the 45 mile wide outer eyewall became the new eye. At the time, the pressure measured 892 mbar (26.34 inHg), the lowest known pressure for a Category 4 hurricane, and Wilma retained the large eyewall as it turned northwestward. Originally, the hurricane was forecasted to re-intensify into a Category 5 hurricane, with one forecast predicting it to make landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula with winds of 165 mph (265 km/h), though Wilma remained a strong Category 4 hurricane as it tracked northwestward.

Steering currents stayed weak, though a series of troughs eroded the high pressure system across the Gulf of Mexico, resulting in a turn towards the north-northwest. Environmental conditions remained favorable, with the eye becoming more distinct early on October 21. At about 2145 UTC on October 21, Wilma made landfall on the island of Cozumel with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). It weakened a little bit as it continued northwestward, and struck the Mexican mainland near Puerto Morelos at 0330 UTC on October 22, with winds of 135 mph (215 km/h) and gusts of up to 170 mph (270 km/h).

On October 22, the mid-level ridge to the north of Wilma later dissipated, leaving the hurricane moving northward across the northeastern Yucatán Peninsula. As the hurricane moved farther inland, the eye became cloud-filled as the deepest convection began to warm, and the winds slowly weakened during its passage over land. About 26 hours after making landfall on Cozumel, Wilma emerged into the southern Gulf of Mexico near Cabo Catoche with winds of about 100 mph (160 km/h). After reaching open waters, Reconnaissance Aircraft reported the remains of an inner eyewall and an outer eyewall measuring between 70 and 90 miles (110 to 145 km) in diameter. Convection deepened around the eyewalls, and the inner core of convection, which had previously become disrupted over land, became a little bit more organized.

A powerful eastward-moving mid-level trough across the central United States turned the hurricane northeastward and caused it to gradually speed up. Vertical wind shear increased as strong upper-level southwesterly flow increased, though in spite of the shear Wilma continued to intensify. Early on October 24, Wilma re-gained major hurricane status while about 120 miles (195 km) west-southwest of Key West, Florida. It slowly became better organized, with the large 50 mile (80 km) eye becoming very distinct on satellite and radar imagery. Wilma was able to retain its strength because large eyes in tropical cyclones are more stable and more resistant to vertical wind shear. Despite wind shear values of about 30 mph (48 km/h), Wilma strengthened further to reach winds of 125 mph (200 km/h). It weakened a little bit as it approached Florida, and made landfall at Cape Romano with winds of 120 mph (195 km/h) at around 1030 UTC on October 24.

Hurricane Wilma crossed the Florida peninsula in about 4.5 hours while continuing to speed northeastward, and entered into the Atlantic Ocean as a weakened 110 mph (175 km/h) hurricane near Jupiter. A vigorous cold front associated with the mid-level trough moved across the area to the west of Wilma, yet the cooler and drier air behind the front could not fully penetrate the inner core of the hurricane to weaken it. Shortly after exiting the Florida coastline, Wilma began to re-intensify, believed to be due to a reduction of friction of the eyewall and warm waters of the Gulf Stream. Early on October 25, the hurricane reached a secondary peak intensity of 125 mph while about 340 miles (545 km) east of Jacksonville, Florida. During the time, the large circulation of Wilma absorbed smaller Tropical Depression Alpha over the Bahamas. Shortly thereafter, the wind shear combined with its rapid forward motion of 50 mph (80 km/h) resulted in a slow weakening trend. The overall cloud pattern began to be disorganized, with the eye becoming less visible and the convection less symmetric. By 1170 UTC on October 25, the center was to the northwest of the primary convection as cold air from the southwest disturbed the circulation. The remaining convection continued to diminish, and early on October 26 Wilma turned into an extratropical cyclone while about 230 miles (370 km) southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The extratropical remnant continued east-northeast before being absorbed by another extratropical storm on October 27.



Top Chef

Top Chef is a television reality competition show. It is shown on Bravo Television on cable. The first season was hosted by Katie Lee Joel. Other seasons were hosted by Padma Lakshmi. Tom Colicchio is the head judge. Every episode, they invite a 'guest judge' to come and help judge the dishes with Padma Lakshmi (or Gail Simmons, when Padma cannot be there) and Tom Colicchio. Gail Simmons is a judge. Tim Allen was a judge. Some past guest judges are: Anthony Bourdain, Rocco DiSpirito, and many others.

Wilma

Wilma is a female given name. It is a short form of the German name Wilhelmina. The name means "protector". Wilma is a moniker that has endured for centuries and boasts a fascinating past. Its roots can be traced back to the Germanic language and the name Wilhelm, which combines "will" or "desire" with "helmet" or "protection." The male version of the name is Will, short for William. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Cozumel

Cozumel (Mayan: "Island of the Swallows") is an island in the Caribbean Sea off the eastern coast of Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula, opposite Playa del Carmen. It is one of the eight municipalities "(municipios)" of the state of Quintana Roo. Cozumel is a popular tourist destination renowned for its scuba diving. The main town on the island is San Miguel de Cozumel.

The island is about 48 km (30 miles) north-south and 16 km (10 miles) east-west, and is the largest Atlantic island of Mexico. It is about 20 km (12 miles) from the mainland, and some 60 km (36 miles) south of Cancún. The vast majority of the population of Cozumel lives in the town of San Miguel (pop. 71,401 in 2005), which is on the western shore. The rest of the island is low, flat, and densely vegetated.


Cape Romano

Cape Romano is a cape at the southern end of Caxambas Island, just south of Marco Island and northwest of the Ten Thousand Islands in Collier County, Florida. Cape Romano was also the spot where Hurricane Wilma made its first U.S. landfall in October 2005.

Calusa Indians declared-ownership of the area and called it Manataca. Juan Ponce de León made a short stop at Manataca on his first visit from Puerto Rico to Florida, but the Indians tried to fight him off.

Cape Romano was the spot where Hurricane Wilma first reached land in the U.S. October 2005. Tropical Storm Fay also reached land here in 2008.

Jupiter, Florida

Jupiter is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, USA. It is named after the Roman god Jupiter. The town is a suburb of Miami.

According to the United States census, there were 61,047 people living in Jupiter in 2020. Some famous people who were born in or lived in Jupiter are: Tori Amos, Celine Dion, and Burt Reynolds.


Atlantic Canada

Atlantic Canada, also known as the Atlantic provinces, is the region of Canada which is made up of four provinces on the Atlantic coast: the three Maritime provinces – New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island – and Newfoundland and Labrador. The population of the Atlantic provinces was 2,324,893 in 2007. 


Tomb

A tomb () is a place built to bury dead bodies, usually more elaborate and expensive than a grave. It is often intended to honor the dead, and be visited by the living. A tomb (from Greek τύμβος "tymbos") is generally any structurally enclosed space or chamber used for housing the remains of the dead, and sometimes their possessions. The word is used in a broad sense to encompass a number of such types of places of burial.

Tombs were used in the Ancient Egyptian period where the bodies or possessions of Pharaohs were stored or buried inside a pyramid after mummification, where the pharaohs’ bodies would have their organs removed, their bodies covered with salt and then wrapped in bandages and a portrait panel of the pharaoh placed over the face, or death mask. 

Ferdinand (moon)

Ferdinand is the farthest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Matthew J. Holman, John J. Kavelaars, Dan Milisavljevic, and Brett J. Gladman on August 13, 2001 and given the designation S/2001 U 2.

Despite being seen again on September 21 and November 15 and even a year later on August 13 and September 5, 2002, it was eventually lost. It was finally refound on September 24, 2003 by Scott S. Sheppard on images taken by David C. Jewitt and himself on August 29-30 and September 20 of that year. Confirming observations were made by Holman on September 30.

Designated Uranus XXIV it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Ferdinand is the farthest known moon of Uranus. It follows a retrograde, fairly inclined but very eccentric orbit.
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus (in polar co-ordinates) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.



Nix (moon)

Nix is a non-spherical moon of Pluto. It was found along with Hydra in June 2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope Pluto Companion Search Team.

The discovery images were taken on May 15, 2005 and May 18, 2005; the moons were independently found by Max J. Mutchler on June 15, 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15, 2005. The discoveries were announced on October 31, 2005, after confirmation from photographs archived in 2002. The moon were designated S/2005 P 1 (Hydra) and S/2005 P 2 (Nix).

The moon follows a circular orbit in the same plane as Charon. It takes 24.9 days to circle around Pluto.

Before its size was directly measured, the moon was calculated to have a diameter of between 46 km, if its reflectivity is similar to Charon's 35%, and 137 km, if it had a reflectivity of 4%, like the darkest Kuiper belt objects. Nix is slightly fainter than Hydra, suggesting that it is somewhat smaller in size. In the discovery image, Nix is 6,300 times fainter than Pluto.

Early research appeared to show that Nix was reddish like Pluto and unlike the other moons, but more recent reports have been that it is grey like the remaining moons.

Nix was visited along with Pluto by the "New Horizons" mission in 2015.

The formal name "Nix", from the Greek goddess of darkness and night, and mother of Charon, was announced on June 21, 2006 on IAU Circular 8723, where the designation Pluto II is also given. Together with Hydra, Pluto's third moon, the initials are those of the "New Horizons" probe. The initial proposal was to use the Classical spelling Nyx, but to avoid confusion with the asteroid 3908 Nyx, this was changed to "the Egyptian spelling of the Greek name".


Anticyclone

In meteorology, an anticyclone (that is, opposite to a cyclone) is a weather event where there is a downward movement of air and a high pressure area over the part of the planet's surface affected by it. It usually indicates clear skies. It has steady and calm wind moving away from its eye (cyclone).


Dvorak technique

The Dvorak technique (developed in 1974 by Vernon Dvorak) is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images. Several agencies issue Dvorak numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity. These include the National Hurricane Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch (TAFB), the NOAA/NESDIS Satellite Analysis Branch (SAB), the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and the Air Force Weather Agency (AFWA).


Grand Cayman

Grand Cayman is the largest of the three Cayman Islands at about 196 km² and contains the capital George Town. Towns on the island are referred to as "districts".

The island is a popular tourist spot because of its coral reefs. Snorkeling and scuba diving are popular activities.


Tägerwilen

Tägerwilen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Thundorf, Switzerland

Thundorf is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Tobel-Tägerschen

Tobel-Tägerschen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Uesslingen-Buch

Uesslingen-Buch is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Hydra (moon)

Hydra is the farthest moon of Pluto. It was found along with Nix in June, 2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope's Pluto Companion Search Team, which is composed of Hal A. Weaver, Alan Stern, Max J. Mutchler, Andrew J. Steffl, Marc W. Buie, William J. Merline, John R. Spencer, Eliot F. Young, and Leslie A. Young. The discovery images were taken on May 15, 2005 and May 18, 2005; the moons were independently found by Max J. Mutchler on June 15, 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15, 2005. The discoveries were announced on October 31, 2005, after confirmation by precoveries from 2002. The moons were provisionally designated S/2005 P 1 (Hydra) and S/2005 P 2 (Nix).

The moon orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix, at a distance of about 65,000 km. Unlike other moons of Pluto, its orbit is only nearly circular; its eccentricity of 0.0052 is small, but significantly non-zero. Its orbital period of 38.2 days.
Although its size has not been directly measured, calculations based on its brightness give it a diameter of between 61 km, if its reflectivity is similar to Charon's 35 percent, and about 167 km, if it has a reflectivity of 4 percent like the darkest Kuiper belt objects (KBOs). At the time of discovery, Hydra was about 25 percent brighter than its sister moon Nix, which led to the assumption that its diameter was some 10 percent bigger. Pre-discovery data from Hubble observations in 2002-3 inferred that Nix was the brighter moon. However, Hubble observations in 2005-6, specifically targeting the dim moons, once again showed Hydra to be a little brighter. Hydra appears to be grey like Charon and Nix, though Pluto is reddish.

Hydra was to be visited along with Pluto by the "New Horizons" mission in 2015.

The name "Hydra" was announced on June 21, 2006, in IAU Circular 8723, along with the formal designation Pluto III. It was named after Hydra, the monster who guarded the waters of Pluto/Hades's underworld in Greco-Roman mythology.


5 Astraea

5 Astraea (written Astræa in the early literature) is a big main belt asteroid. Its surface is very reflective (bright) and what it's made of is probably a mixture of nickel-iron with magnesium- and iron-silicates. The adjectival form of the name, although unused, would be "Astraean" (which also designates a genus of star corals).
Astraea was the fifth asteroid found, on December 8, 1845 by K. L. Hencke. It was his first of two asteroid discoveries. The second was 6 Hebe. An amateur astronomer and post office employee, Hencke was looking for 4 Vesta when he stumbled on Astraea. The King of Prussia awarded him with an annual pension of 300 US$ (1968 dollars) for the discovery.

Photometry indicates prograde rotation, that the north pole points in the direction of right ascension 9 h 52 min, declination 73° with a 5° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 33°.

Astrea is physically unremarkable but notable mainly because for 38 years (after the discovery of Vesta in 1807) it had been thought that there were only four asteroids. In terms of maximum brightness, it is indeed only the "seventeenth brightest" main belt asteroid, being fainter than 192 Nausikaa and even, at rare near-perihelion oppositions, the highly eccentric carbonaceous 324 Bamberga.

After the discovery of Astraea, thousands of other asteroids would follow. Indeed, the discovery of Astrea proved to be the starting point for the eventual demotion of the four original asteroids (which were regarded as planets at the time) to their current status, as it became apparent that these four were only the biggest of a whole new type of celestial body.

There has been only one seen stellar occultation by Astraea (February 2, 1991).


Fred and George Weasley

Fred and George Weasley are characters in J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series. They are twins and brothers of Harry Potter's best friend Ron Weasley; younger than Bill, Charlie, and Percy, but older than Ginny and Ron. They're in the middle of the seven Weasley children. They have red hair and are proud to be Weasleys. In the movies, both twins are tall and skinny. In the books they are described as shorter and stockier than Ron. 

Although these two are not very big characters in the seven-book installment, they play some big roles in a few books. In "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", the twins show Harry the Marauder's Map that they found that leads to many useful and helpful things. In "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" (their seventh year), the two escape Hogwarts and the new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher, Professor Umbridge and left a fantastic fireworks show and a giant "W". The students found it amusing and use the phrase "rolling a Weasley" to describe disappointment at something and wanted to go away. Fred and George are also involved in Harry's big study group that is called D.A. (Dumbledore's Army). In the beginning of "Half-Blood Prince", Ron, Hermione, and Harry, followed by Ginny, Mrs. and Mr. Weasley, visit the twins in their new joke shop. They are excited to see them and show all their new joke shop supplies. In "Deathly Hallows", Fred Weasley gets killed outside the room of requirement by an explosion presumably by Augustus Rookwood, breaking the hearts of many Harry Potter fans. George gets his ear accidentally cut off by Severus Snape using Sectumsempra. George marries Angelina Johnson.

Fred and George are usually described as determined, mischievous, and very sneaky. They get scolded by their mother, Molly Weasley for many things that they do (for example, Apparating right in front of her eyes in "Order of the Phoenix".)

The actors who portrayed Fred and George are James and Oliver Phelps respectively. Oliver is actually the older twin, but Fred is older than George. Two differences between the Phelps twins is that Oliver has a mole on the right side of his neck, while James does not and James has a slightly deeper voice than Oliver.

Nanyang Technological University

Nanyang Technological University (NTU) () is one of the two largest public universities in Singapore. It is a fast-rising, research-intensive university with the biggest campus in Singapore and the world’s largest engineering college. Its 200-hectare Yunnan Garden campus was the Youth Olympic Village for the first Youth Olympics in 2010.

NTU’s main Yunnan Garden campus is in the western part of Singapore. It has world-class resources for teaching and research. It also has 16 halls of residence and housing for faculty, staff and postgraduate students, as well as Olympic-training-standard sporting facilities. Announced in 2010, NTU’s Campus Master Plan will transform the grounds into a “univer-city” with a bustling campus centre, new residential halls and trendy spaces for learning, research and play. Besides the Yunnan Garden campus, NTU also has a satellite campus in Singapore’s science and technology hub, one-north. The university is also setting up a third campus in Novena, Singapore’s medical district.

NTU has 33,500 students in the Colleges of Engineering, Business, Science and Humanities, Arts, & Social Sciences. It also has many renowned researchers among its professors. In 2013, NTU will accept its first batch of medical undergraduates at its medical school with Imperial College London, the Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine.

College of Engineering 

College of Science

College of Business 

College of Humanities, Arts, & Social Sciences 

Autonomous entities

Institutes and centres

NTU has more than 70 institutes and centres. Among them are:

NTU has programmes with institutions from around the world. Key partners include Caltech, Carnegie Mellon University, Cornell University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University and the University of Washington in the United States; leading Asian institutions such as Peking University, the Indian Institute of Technology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Waseda University; and European institutions like Cambridge University, ETH Zurich, Imperial College London, Karolinska Institutet and Technische Universität München. NTU is also a partner of choice for leading companies and government agencies. Its major industrial partners include Infineon, Robert Bosch, Rolls Royce, Thales, Siemens and Toray Industries.

In 2011, QS World University Rankings ranked NTU among the top 100 universities in the world. The university rose 16 places from its 2010 ranking to occupy the 58th position. This makes it one of the fastest-rising universities in the top 100 on the ranking, as well as the fastest-rising Asian university. On this ranking, NTU is the 12th leading Asian university globally. In 2011, NTU became the first university in Asia to receive the maximum five stars under the QS Stars rating system. Other universities with a 5-star rating include the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University and the University of Cambridge.

NTU’s College of Engineering is the world’s largest, with research output among the top five globally. It is also the sixth most cited engineering college in the world. Its business school’s MBA is ranked among the top 35 globally. The S Rajaratnam School of International Studies is ranked first among university-related think-tanks in Asia and 13th globally.

Arts and media

Science


ThaMuseMeant

ThaMuseMeant is an American folk rock band from Virginia.

Uttwil

Uttwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

8 Flora

8 Flora is a big, bright, main belt asteroid. It is the closest "big" asteroid: no asteroid closer to the Sun has a diameter above 25 kilometres or two-elevenths that of Flora itself, and not until the tiny 149 Medusa was found was a single asteroid orbiting at a closer mean distance known. It is the seventh brightest asteroid with a mean opposition magnitude of +8.7. Flora can reach a magnitude of +7.9 at a favorable opposition near perihelion, such as will occur in mid November 2007.

Flora was found by J. R. Hind on October 18, 1847. It was his second asteroid discovery after 7 Iris.

The name Flora was proposed by John Herschel, from Flora, the Latin goddess of flowers and gardens, wife of Zephyrus (the personnification of the West wind), mother of Spring, and whose Greek equivalent is Chloris (who has her own asteroid, 410 Chloris).

Flora is the parent body of the Flora family of asteroids, and by far the biggest member, having about 80% of the total mass of this family. But Flora was almost certainly disrupted by the impact(s) that formed the family, and is probably an aggregate of most of the pieces.

Flora's spectrum indicates that its surface is made of a mixture of silicate rock (including pyroxene and olivine) and nickel-iron metal. Flora, and the whole Flora family generally, are good candidates for being the parent bodies of the L chondrite meteorites. This meteorite type comprises about 38% of all meteorites impacting the Earth.

During an observation on March 25, 1917, 8 Flora was mistaken for the star TU Leonis, which led to that star's classification as a U Geminorum cataclysmic variable star. This mistake was uncovered only in 1995.


Central Nacional de Televisão

Central Nacional de Televisão or CNT is a television network in Curitiba, Brazil. It was created by Paraná state for all Brazil on March 15, 1979.


Dropsonde

A dropsonde is a weather reconnaissance device created by the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), designed to be dropped from an aircraft at altitude to more accurately measure (and therefore track) tropical storm conditions as the device falls to the ground. The dropsonde contains a GPS receiver, along with pressure, temperature, and humidity (PTH) sensors to capture atmospheric profiles and thermodynamic data. It typically relays these data to a computer in the aircraft by radio transmission. The device's descent is usually slowed by a parachute, allowing for more readings to be taken before it reaches the water beneath.


Pressure gradient

In atmospheric sciences (meteorology, climatology and related fields), the pressure gradient (typically of air, more generally of any fluid) is a physical quantity that describes in which direction and at what rate the pressure changes the most rapidly around a particular location. The pressure gradient is a dimensional quantity expressed in units of pressure per unit length. The SI unit is pascal per metre (Pa/m).


Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory

The Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory (GFDL) is a laboratory in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)/Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research (OAR).


Puerto Morelos

Puerto Morelos is a town in Quintana Roo, Mexico's easternmost state, on the Yucatán Peninsula.

There are two parts to Puerto Morelos. The original coastal fishing village is now a laid-back, mixed-use neighborhood of private homes, hotels, condominiums, restaurants, and tourist shops. The second part is about 2 km inland and adjacent to Highway 307, on the western side. The inland portion is mainly single level dwellings for the local workers.

Cabo Catoche

Cabo Catoche or Cape Catoche, in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, is the northernmost point on the Yucatán Peninsula. It is about 53 km (33 miles) north of the city of Cancún.

Servicio Meteorológico Nacional

The Servicio Meteorologíco Nacional (SMN) is Mexico's national weather organization. It collects data and issues forecasts, advisories, and warnings for the entire country.


Storm history of Hurricane Ivan

The storm history of Hurricane Ivan, the longest tracked tropical cyclone of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, lasted from late August through late September. The hurricane developed from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 31. Moving westward from the effects of a ridge, favorable conditions allowed it to develop into Tropical Depression Nine on September 2 in the deep tropical Atlantic Ocean. The cyclone slowly intensified until September 5, when it underwent rapid deepening and reached Category 4 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale; at the time Ivan was the southernmost major hurricane on record.

Ivan quickly weakened because of dry air, but it slowly reorganized itself, passing just south of Grenada as a major hurricane on September 7. The hurricane strengthened into a Category 5 hurricane while in the central Caribbean Sea. Over next the days its intensity changed largely due to eyewall replacement cycles, and Ivan passed just south of Jamaica, the Cayman Islands, and western Cuba with winds at or slightly below Category 5 status. Turning northward and encountering unfavorable conditions, Ivan slowly weakened before making landfall just west of Gulf Shores, Alabama, on September 16 with winds of 120 mph (195 km/h). The cyclone quickly weakened to tropical depression status as it turned to the northeast, and Ivan transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on September 18.

The remnant low of Ivan turned to the south and southwest, and after crossing Florida on September 21 it began to regain tropical characteristics. It became a tropical depression again on September 22 to the southeast of Louisiana, and Ivan reached winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) before weakening and moving ashore along southwestern Louisiana as a tropical depression; the circulation of Ivan dissipated after crossing into Texas on September 25. The cyclone broke several intensity records, and its duration was the tenth longest on record for an Atlantic hurricane.

On August 31, a large tropical wave moved off the west coast of Africa. A tropical system along the wave axis contained a low pressure area as well as an impressive outflow pattern, though originally its convection was disorganized and limited. By September 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile (1115 km) was seen on satellite imagery, well to the southeast of the Cape Verde Islands. As it moved quickly westward, the convection organized and developed into rainbands–bands of showers and thunderstorms that move in a spiral direction towards the center of the storm–and late on September 1 meteorologists began tracking the system using the Dvorak technique. Low amounts of wind shear and favorable outflow allowed strong deep convection to develop and persist near the center, and by 1800 UTC on September 2 the system developed into Tropical Depression Nine about 450 miles (730 km) southwest of Praia, Cape Verde.

After being classified as a tropical cyclone, the depression was embedded within a deep easterly steering current provided by a ridge to its north. Expected to move across sea surface temperatures greater than 82 °F (28 °C), the cyclone was forecasted to slowly strengthen and within four days become a hurricane; the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory predicted the depression to reach Category 4 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale within three days. Increased northeasterly wind shear shifted the center to the northeastern edge of the deep convection, and despite the shear and its relatively low latitude of 9.7° N, the depression strengthened to attain tropical storm status early on September 3; upon reaching the intensity, the National Hurricane Center classified the system as Tropical Storm "Ivan".

Tropical Storm Ivan slowly became more organized as wind shear decreased, and its outflow expanded. Satellite imagery late on September 3 showed a well-defined curved band wrapping around much of the circulation. The next day, the deep convection temporarily became disorganized, before reorganizing and developing an eye feature. Ivan became a hurricane at around 0600 UTC on September 5. After reaching hurricane status, Ivan began to rapidly intensify with continued favorable conditions, and in an 18 hour period the pressure dropped 39 mbar (1.15 inHg) as the winds increased by 60 mph (95 km/h); early on September 6 Ivan reached its first peak intensity of 135 mph (215 km/h) while about 825 miles (1330 km) east of the island of Tobago.

The probability for further rapid strengthening was considered nearly nine times the average of a normal hurricane. Accordingly, Ivan was forecasted to pass near Barbados with winds of about 150 mph (240 km/h). Shortly after becoming a Category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged. Hurricane Hunters found a Saharan Air Layer in the northern portion of the eye, leaving the eyewall eroded which caused a marked decrease in winds; by late on September 6 Ivan weakened to winds of 105 mph (165 km/h). The inner eyewall died out as a 23 mile (37 km) outer eyewall became took over, and at the same time, the overall organization of the hurricane improved. Ivan then re-gained major hurricane status as it approached the Lesser Antilles, and at 2130 UTC on September 7 the cyclone passed 7 miles (11 km) south-southwest of the southern tip of Grenada, its closest approach to the island. At the time, the hurricane maintained an eye diameter of 12 miles (19 km), with the northern portion of the eyewall producing strong winds on the island.

Hurricane Ivan again reached Category 4 status as it entered the Caribbean Sea. Subsequently, it underwent another eyewall replacement cycle, and for about 18 hours the intensity stayed the same as it paralleled the northern coast of Venezuela offshore. Another period of rapid deepening began late on September 8 as its motion turned to the west-northwest. Hurricane Hunters recorded flight-level sustained winds of 180 mph (290 km/h) to the north and northeast of the eye, and a dropsonde about 630 feet (190 m) above the surface recorded winds of 200 mph (325 km/h) and an extrapolated pressure of 916 mbar (27.05 inHg). It is estimated Ivan attained Category 5 status at 0600 UTC on September 9, while about 90 miles (145 km) north of Aruba. At the time, the cyclone was forecasted to strike southern Florida as a major hurricane.

After maintaining Category 5 status for about 12 hours, Ivan began a steady weakening trend because of another eyewall replacement cycle until reaching winds of 140 mph (225 km/h) on September 10. Early next day, the hurricane reorganized as it reached winds just al little bit below of Category 5 status. However, the storm weakened again because of another eyewall replacement cycle, and at 0330 UTC on September 11 Ivan passed 23 miles (37 km) south of Portland Point, Jamaica, its closest approach, with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). The hurricane was previously forecasted to make landfall on the island, though the weakening and a turn to the west kept the strongest winds offshore; the last-minute turn to the west was due to a mid-level high pressure system over the eastern Gulf of Mexico. A slight weakening trend continued, due to its northern outflow being disrupted by an upper-level low over the Bahamas. As it tracked further away from Jamaica, Ivan again rapidly intensified to Category 5 status, and early on September 12 it reached its peak intensity of 165 mph (265 km/h) with a pressure of 910 mbar (26.87 inHg).

Shortly after peaking in intensity, the hurricane again weakened as it underwent an eyewall replacement cycle. At 1415 UTC on September 12 Ivan passed 25 miles (40 km) south-southwest of George Town, Cayman Islands, with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). After its eyewall became re-established Ivan attained Category 5 status for a third time early on September 13. Shortly thereafter, a trough created a weakness in the ridge to its north, causing the hurricane to turn to the northwest. The combination of the combination of enhanced outflow from the trough and very warm waters allowed Ivan to maintain Category 5 status for 30 hours. Early on September 14 the hurricane passed through the Yucatán Channel about 17 miles (28 km) southwest of Cabo San Antonio, Cuba, with the eastern portion of the eyewall crossing the western portion of the island.

After entering the southern Gulf of Mexico, Hurricane Ivan weakened to Category 4 status by 0600 UTC on September 14. As it slowly turned to the north, southwesterly flow from a large trough over the central United States increased wind shear over the hurricane. An eyewall replacement cycle, along with dry air and restricted outflow, contributed to the weakening. By late on September 14 the weakening trend ceased as the eyewall became better defined, and Ivan was expected to restrengthen a little bit over an area of warmer water temperatures. The eye diameter expanded to 60 miles (95 km/h), though westerly wind shear and dry continued to increase. As Ivan approached the Gulf Coast of the United States, Hurricane Hunters reported erosion of the southern portion of the eyewall, and cooler waters just offshore contributed to further weakening. At around 0650 UTC on September 16, Hurricane Ivan made landfall just west of Gulf Shores, Alabama, with winds of 120 mph (195 km/h). The strongest winds occurred over a narrow area near the southern Alabama and western Florida border.

Upon moving ashore, the National Hurricane Center expected the forward path of Ivan to be blocked, and accordingly forecasted the hurricane to stall in the southern Appalachian Mountains. As the hurricane crossed Mobile Bay it turned to the north-northeast, and within twelve hours Ivan rapidly weakened to tropical storm status. The circulation became less-defined, and early on September 17 the cyclone weakened into a tropical depression over northeastern Alabama. Ivan accelerated to the northeast ahead of an approaching cold front, dropping heavy rainfall along its path. Late on September 18, the remnants of Ivan became an extratropical low as it merged with the cold front over the Delmarva Peninsula.

After becoming an extratropical low, the remnants of Ivan turned to the southeast and entered into the Atlantic Ocean, due to the building of an upper-level ridge to its east. The system turned south and southwestward over the next few days. By September 20, the system was off the east coast of Florida, creating scattered thunderstorms; unfavorable wind shear stopped tropical redevelopment. On September 21 the low crossed southern Florida and emerged into the Gulf of Mexico. As it moved across the warm waters of the region the low began to re-acquire tropical characteristics; the low-level circulation became increasingly better defined, and convection redeveloped over the center. It is estimated the low redeveloped into Tropical Depression Ivan late on September 22 while about 175 miles (280 km) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River.

In spite of unfavorable wind shear and its disorganized cloud structure, the cyclone strengthened to tropical storm status early on September 23. As an area of deep convection developed over the center, Ivan reached winds of 60 mph (95 km/h), though the winds decreased as thunderstorm activity diminished. Ivan weakened to a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on September 24, and two hours later it moved ashore near Holly Beach, Louisiana.

The storm rapidly weakened over land, and by 1200 UTC on September 24 Ivan degenerated into a remnant low pressure area over southeastern Texas. The low turned to the south and the circulation dissipated early on September 25. The remnant trough reached the northwestern Gulf of Mexico later that day, producing scatter thunderstorms for a short time, before it diminished.

Ivan became the southernmost major hurricane on record after reaching Category 3 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale at 10.2° N. Additionally, the hurricane reached Category 4 and Category 5 status further south than any other Atlantic hurricane. Throughout its existence, Ivan kept winds of major hurricane status or greater for a total of 10 days, establishing an Atlantic hurricane record. Lasting as a tropical cyclone for a total of 450 hours, Ivan was the tenth longest tracked Atlantic hurricane on record. After making its first landfall in the United States, the hurricane spawned a total of 117 tornadoes, which is the largest tornado outbreak caused by a tropical cyclone; this broke the previous record of 115 set by Hurricane Beulah in 1967.



Tropical cyclone scales

Tropical cyclones are ranked according to their maximum winds using several scales. These scales are provided by several bodies, including the World Meteorological Organization, the National Hurricane Center, and the Bureau of Meteorology. The National Hurricane Center uses the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale for hurricanes in the eastern Pacific and Atlantic basins. Australia uses a difference set of tropical cyclone categories for their region. Many basins have different names for storms of hurricane/typhoon/cyclone strength. The use of different definitions for maximum sustained wind creates additional confusion into the definitions of cyclone categories worldwide.

Gulf Shores, Alabama

Gulf Shores is a coastal city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,014.


Hurricane Ivan

Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm formed as a Cape Verde-type hurricane in early September, and became the ninth named storm, the sixth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the year. Ivan reached Category 5 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, the highest possible category and the only one of the season. At the time it was the sixth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record.

Ivan caused great damage to Grenada, which it struck directly at Category 3 strength, and heavy damage to Jamaica, Grand Cayman, and the western tip of Cuba. After peaking in strength, it moved north-northwest across the Gulf of Mexico to make landfall as a strong Category 3 storm in the United States, in Orange Beach, Alabama, causing very heavy damage there. Ivan dropped heavy rains on the southeastern United States as it looped across Florida and back into the Gulf of Mexico. The remnant low from the storm regenerated into a new tropical system, which moved into Louisiana and Texas, causing minimal damage. Ivan caused an estimated $13 billion worth of damage in the United States, making it the fifth costliest hurricane to ever strike the United States.

On September 2, Tropical Depression Nine started. The next day it became a tropical storm and was called "Ivan". Tropical Storm Ivan moved to the west and on September 5 it became a hurricane. Ivan strengthened fast and by the end of the day on September 5 it became a category 3 hurricane. 

Hurricane Ivan weakened a little bit because of wind shear. Ivan strengthened back and became a category 2 and later on, a category 3 hurricane. On September 7, while Ivan was a category 3 hurricane, it passed very close to Grenada. Ivan entered the Caribbean Sea and again strengthened very fast. By the morning of September 8, Hurricane Ivan was a category 4 hurricane, and later on that day, Hurricane Ivan came close to the Netherlands Antilles. 

For about twelve hours on September 9, Hurricane Ivan was a category 5 (the strongest category a hurricane can be). Hurricane Ivan weakened a little bit before it came close to Jamaica on September 10. Ivan strengthened into a category 5 again on September 11 after moving away from Jamaica. At this point, Ivan reached its strongest winds, which were at 165 mph. But Ivan again weakened before it moved close to the Grand Cayman Islands on September 12. 

For just one more time, Hurricane Ivan again became a category 5 hurricane later on September 12. By later on September 13 it entered the Gulf of Mexico and weakened back to a category 4 hurricane. For most of Ivan's trip across the Gulf of Mexico, it stayed as a category 4 hurricane. Later on September 13 it entered the Gulf of Mexico and weakened back to a category 4 hurricane. 

For most of Ivan's trip across the Gulf of Mexico, it stayed as a category 4 hurricane. But by midday on September 15, Hurricane Ivan weakened to a category 3 hurricane. About 2 a.m. Central Daylight Time, on September 16, Hurricane Ivan made landfall in Gulf Shores, Alabama, while winds were at 120 mph. Ivan weakened fast after landfall. 

On the same day Hurricane Ivan weakened to a tropical storm in Central Alabama. Even later that day, in Northern Alabama, Tropical Storm Ivan weakened into a depression. Tropical Depression Ivan stayed as a depression as it moved through several states. On September 18 it almost survived its way back out to the Atlantic Ocean. But Tropical Depression Ivan died on September 18 in Eastern Maryland. 

The remains entered the Atlantic Ocean and moved south. On September 21 the remains of Ivan crossed into Southern Florida. The remains moved west and went into the Gulf of Mexico. About halfway it reformed and became a tropical depression again on September 22 and shortly later, it became a tropical storm again. 

Tropical Storm Ivan weakened back to a depression as it moved close to Louisiana and Texas. On September 24 Ivan made landfall in Cameron, Louisiana and finally died out over Texas on September 24. The remains were last seen in the Gulf of Mexico on September 25.

Ivan killed about 121 people. 1 In Barbados, 2 In Cayman Islands, 4 In Dominican Republic, 39 In Grenada, 17 In Jamaica, 1 In Trinidad and Tobago, 54 In the United States, and 3 In Venezuela. In total, Ivan caused $18 billion in damage, nearly $13 billion was in the United States.
Ivan affected many islands in the Caribbean including Barbados, Cuba, Cayman Islands, Dominican Republic, Grenada, Jamaica, and Trinidad & Tobago. In the Caribbean, Ivan caused about $3 billion in damage. But the damage in the Dominican Republic is unknown. The most damage was to the Cayman Islands, Cuba, and Grenada. $3.5 billion in damage in the Cayman Islands, $1.2 billion in Cuba, and $1.1 billion in Grenada. 

In Venezuela, Ivan caused four people to get killed. The damage in Venezuela is unknown, but on the northern coast, nearly 60 homes were damaged.

The United States got the worst of the hurricane as it made landfall in Alabama. In the United States, about 54 were killed. About 14 died in Florida, 8 were killed in North Carolina, 2 were killed in Georgia, and 1 was also killed in Mississippi. The other 32 were "indirect" deaths. Ivan also caused $13 billion in damage in the United States. In Cruso, North Carolina about 17 inches of rain fell, which was the highest amount recorded from Ivan in the United States. After Ivan reformed and made landfall in Texas, it caused up to 7 inches of rain in Texas and Louisiana.

Because the damage was high, the name "Ivan" was retired in the Spring of 2005. Meaning, the name "Ivan" will not be used for another storm in the Atlantic Ocean. In 2010 the name "Igor" will be used instead.

Ivan could have caused a wave that was nearly 131 feet high. Hurricane Ivan was also at the time, the third costliest hurricane in the United States. It was beaten by Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Wilma, and Hurricane Ike. So now it is about the sixth costliest hurricane in the United States. Ivan got an ACE total at 70.38 which is the second-highest for an Atlantic hurricane, second only to the 1899 Hurricane San Ciriaco, which had 73.57.



Orange Beach, Alabama

Orange Beach is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 8,095. The city hosts popular annual events such as Viking longboat races, dolphin riding competitions, and para-gliding over the locally famous Bear Point Canyon.

Emma Watson

Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson (born 15 April 1990, in Paris, France) is an English actress and model. She is known for playing Hermione Granger in the "Harry Potter" movie series alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint. 

Outside of "Harry Potter", she has acted in several other movies. She is also well known for her leading role in "Beauty and the Beast". She became the UN Women Goodwill Ambassador in July 2014. As late as 2019, Watson performed in the film adaption of "Little Women," playing Meg. She is also an activist for gender equality.

Emma Watson was born on 15 April 1990 in Paris, to English parents Chris Watson and Jacqueline Luesby. Watson lived in Maisons-Laffitte near Paris until the age of five. Her parents divorced when she was young, and Watson moved to England to live with her mother in Oxfordshire while spending weekends at her father's house in London. Watson has said she speaks some French, though "not as well" as she used to. After moving to Oxford with her mother and brother, she attended the Dragon School, remaining there until 2003. From age six, she wanted to become an actress, and trained at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts, a part-time theatre school where she studied singing, dancing, and acting.

Emma Watson is the daughter of Chris and Jacqueline Watson. She has one brother, Alex, as well as one stepbrother, Toby, and two stepsisters, Lucy and Nina. 

As Watson has grown older, she has become more interested in fashion. She says that she thinks fashion is like art, which she studied in school. In September 2008, she told a blogger, "I've been focusing on art a lot, and fashion's a great extension of that."

In 2008, the British news reported that Watson was going to be the model for the fashion house Chanel instead of Keira Knightley, but both Watson and Knightley said that this was not true. In June 2009, Watson said that she would be helping Burberry by being a part of their new Autumn/Winter 2009 collection. She was later a part of Burberry's 2010 Spring/Summer campaign with her brother Alex, musicians George Craig and Matt Gilmour, and Max Hurd.

Rupert Grint

Rupert Alexander Lloyd Grint (; born 24 August 1988) is an English actor. He is best known for his role as Ron Weasley, one of the three main characters in the "Harry Potter" series of movies. He was cast as Weasley at age eleven. Before that, Grint had acted only in school plays and his local theatre group. From 2001 to 2011, he starred in all eight "Harry Potter" movies.

Grint started to work outside of the "Harry Potter" franchise in 2002. He had a main role in "Thunderpants". In 2006, he was in "Driving Lessons", a dramedy movie. He was also in "Cherrybomb" in 2010. Grint was in the comedy "Wild Target" with Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt. His first movie project after the "Harry Potter" series was in the 2012 anti-war movie "Into the White." In 2013, his movie "CBGB" was released. That same year, he was cast in CBS's program "Super Clyde". His first work on stage was in "Mojo" in October 2013. It was at the Harold Pinter Theatre in London. In 2014, he was the voice of the character of Josh in "". From 2017 to 2018, he executive-produced and starred in the programme "Snatch", It was based on the movie of the same name. Since 2019, he has been in the Apple TV+ horror series "Servant".

Grint supports several charitable causes. Since 2011, he has been in a relationship with actress Georgia Groome. They have a daughter, Wednesday (born May 2020).


9 Metis

9 Metis is one of the biggest main belt asteroids. It is made of silicates and metallic nickel-iron, and may be the core remnant of a big asteroid that was destroyed by an ancient collision.

Metis was found by Andrew Graham on April 25, 1848; it was his only asteroid discovery. It is also the only asteroid to have been found as a result of observations from Ireland. Its name comes from the mythological Metis, a Titaness and Oceanid, daughter of Tethys and Oceanus. The name "Thetis" was also considered and rejected (it would later devolve to 17 Thetis).

Metis' direction of rotation is unknown at present.

Hubble space telescope images and lightcurve analyses are in agreement that Metis has a non-spherical stretched shape with one pointed and one broad end. Radar observations suggest the presence of a significant flat area, in agreement with the shape model from lightcurves.

What the surface is made of has been estimated as 30-40% metal-bearing olivine and 60-70% Ni-Fe metal.

Light curve data on Metis led to an assumption that it could have a moon. However, subsequent observations failed to confirm this. Later searches with the Hubble Space Telescope in 1993 found no moons.

Metis has been seen to occult stars no less than 5 times.


Ely

Ely is used as a name in several ways including:



ELY may refer to:

Louis IX of France

Louis IX (25 April 1214 – 25 August 1270) also called Saint Louis, was King of France from 1226 to his death. He established the Parlement of Paris. After his death he was canonised (declared a saint) in 1297 by Pope Boniface VIII.

Jean de Joinville was a close friend of Louis and wrote a famous biography of the king, from which we have most of our information about him.

Two other important biographies were written by the king's confessor, Geoffrey of Beaulieu, and his chaplain, William of Chartres. Several other people wrote biographies about the king, but only these three had reliable information.

Louis was born at Poissy, near Paris. He was the son of Louis VIII of France and Blanche of Castile. Louis was eleven years old when his father died on November 8, 1226. He was crowned king the same year in the cathedral at Reims. Because Louis was so young, his mother ruled France as regent while he was a child. 

His younger brother Charles I of Sicily (1227–1285) was made Count of Anjou.

On May 27, 1234 Louis married Marguerite of Provence (1221 – December 21, 1295), whose sister Eleanor was the wife of Henry III of England.

At the age of 15 in 1229, Louis brought an end to the Albigensian Crusade after signing an agreement with Count Raymond VII of Toulouse.

He went on crusade twice, in his mid-30s in 1248 and then again in his mid-50s in 1270. In 1250, after initial success in his first crusade, Louis's army of 15,000 men was met by overwhelming resistance from the Egyptian army and people. Louis and his army were captured by Muslims in Egypt. Later that year, they were released. To be released, he had to give back the land that he had taken over. where he was captured. After his release from Egypt, Louis spent four years in the crusader Kingdoms of Acre, Caesarea, and Jaffe. Both crusades were complete disasters; 

Louis's kindness towards the poor was much celebrated. 

In 1252, Louis attempted an alliance with the Egyptians, for the return of Jerusalem if the French assisted with the subduing of Damascus. In 1253, Louis tried to seek allies from the Ismailian Assassins and the Mongols.

Louis was Catholic, and he built the "Sainte Chapelle" ("Holy Chapel") on the "Île de la Cité" in the centre of Paris. It is thought that the French monarchy was trying to establish the kingdom of France as the "new Jerusalem." 

Louis IX tried to make France, which was seen as being a very religious place, a protector of the Church. It worked, and between the 12th and 13th centuries, France and the pope were very close.


During his second crusade, Louis died at Tunis, August 25, 1270, and his son, Philip III, replaced him as king. He may have died either of bubonic plague or dysentery.

His body was taken to the French royal necropolis at Saint-Denis just north of Paris. His silver tomb effigy was destroyed in the 15th century.

The cities of San Luis Potosí in Mexico, Saint Louis, Missouri, Saint-Louis du Sénégal in Senegal, Saint-Louis in Alsace, Lake Saint-Louis in Quebec, and the Mission San Luis Rey de Francia in California.

Many places in Brazil are called São Luís in Portuguese are named after Saint Louis.


Ministry for Intra-German Relations

The Federal Ministry of Intra-German Relations () was a federal ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It was responsible for all relations with the East German government. This was because the West German government said there should be only one Germany. This meant they could not use the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, because they could not admit that East Germany was a foreign country.

The ministry was created in 1949 as the Federal Ministry of All-German Affairs (). This ministry was also in charge of matters about the German lands east of the Oder-Neisse-Line which had become a part of Poland. The ministry was renamed in 1969 when Willy Brandt signed a treaty with Poland which said that Poland's western border was along the Oder and Neisse Rivers. This was part of Willy Brandt's ideas of Ostpolitik. At that time Poland was under a communist government. They could not allow West Germany to sign a treaty about East Germany's borders, which is why the treaty says "the western border of Poland" and not "the border between Germany and Poland".

The ministry was abolished in 1991, about one year after German Reunification, after helping with the change to one country. All "intra-German affairs" are now jobs of the Ministry of the Interior. The Minister of the Interior is now also "Commissioner for the New Bundesländer" to show that there is still some work to make all of the states equal.


East Sussex

East Sussex is a county created on 1 April 1974. It is in South East England.

It is bordered by the counties of Kent, Surrey and West Sussex, and to the south by the English Channel.

10 Hygiea

10 Hygiea is the fourth biggest object in the asteroid belt. It is somewhat non-spherical in shape, with diameters of 350 – 500 km. Its mass is estimated to be 3% of the total mass of the asteroid belt.

It is the biggest of the class of dark C-type asteroids with a carbonaceous surface that are dominant in the farther part main belt, which lies beyond the Kirkwood gap at 2.82 AU, and is also the biggest body in this region. Its dark surface and bigger than average distance from the Sun makes it very dim for such a big asteroid when seen from Earth. In fact it is the third dimmest of the first twenty-three asteroids discovered, with only 13 Egeria and the quite small 17 Thetis having lower mean opposition magnitudes.

At most oppositions, Hygiea has a magnitude of around +10.2, which is as much as four orders fainter than Vesta, and will need at least a 4-inch telescope to resolve. At a perihelic opposition, however, Hygiea can reach +9.1 and may just be resolvable with 10x50 binoculars, unlike the fifth and sixth biggest asteroids 704 Interamnia and 511 Davida which are always beyond binocular visibility.

Hygiea was found by Annibale de Gasparis on April 12, 1849 in Naples, Italy. It was the first of his nine asteroid discoveries. It is named after Hygieia, the Greek goddess of health, daughter of Asclepius (Aesculapius for the Romans).

The asteroid was named by the director of the Naples observatory, Ernesto Capocci. He called it "Igea Borbonica" ("Bourbon Hygieia") in honor of the ruling family of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies where Naples was located. However, by 1852, John Russell Hind wrote that "it is universally termed "Hygeia", the unnecessary appendage 'Borbonica' being dropped."

The name was often spelled Hygeia in the nineteenth century, for example in the "Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society".

Hygiea's surface is made of primitive carbonaceous material similar to the chondrite meteorites.
It is the main member of the Hygiea family and contains almost all the mass in this family (well over 90%).

Generally Hygiea's properties are the least known out of the "big four" objects in the main belt. Its orbit is much closer to the plane of the ecliptic than those of Ceres, Pallas or Interamnia, but is less circular than Ceres or Vesta with an eccentricity of around 12%. Its perihelion is at a quite similar longitude to those of Vesta and Ceres, though its ascending and descending nodes are opposite the corresponding ones for those objects. Although its perihelion is extremely close to the mean distance of Ceres and Pallas, a collision between Hygiea and its bigger companions is impossible because at that distance they are always on opposite sides of the ecliptic. At aphelion Hygiea reaches out to the extreme edge of the asteroid belt at the perihelia of the Hilda family which is in 3:2 resonance with Jupiter.

It spins unusually slow, taking 27 hours and 37 minutes to complete one rotation, whereas 6 to 12 hours are more typical for big asteroids.

At least 5 stellar occultations by Hygiea were tracked by Earth-based observers, but all with few seeing independent measurements so that much was not learned of its shape. The Hubble Space Telescope was able to resolve the asteroid, and to rule out the presence of any orbiting companions bigger than about 16 km in diameter 


Karl Carstens

Karl Walter Claus Carstens (14 December 1914 - 29 May 1992) was a German politician. He served as the fifth Federal President of West Germany.

Born in Bremen, Carstens studied law and political science at the universities of Frankfurt am Main, Dijon, Munich, Königsberg, and Hamburg from 1933 to 1936. In 1949 he received a Master of Laws (LL.M.) degree from Yale Law School.

Carstens joined the Nazi Party in 1940. This was when he was a law clerk. He said he had to join the party or he would not be treated fairly. But this does not explain why Carstens had joined the SA, another Nazi party group, in 1933.

In 1955 he joined the CDU.

In July 1960 Carstens started to work for the government. He was a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In the same year he was also appointed as professor for public and international law at Cologne University. During the Grand coalition government (1966-1969), he was in the Ministry of Defence, and in 1968 he became Director of the Chancellor's Office.

In 1972 Carstens was elected into the Bundestag. He stayed a member until 1979. He often spoke against the left-wing ideas in German society and accused the governing SPD of being to soft on left-wing extremists. He also famously denounced the author Heinrich Böll as a supporter of the Baader-Meinhof Gang.

On 14 December 1976, the CDU/CSU became the largest group in parliament, and Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag.

On 23 May 1979 Carstens was elected as President of the Federal Republic of Germany. Carstens was well known for hiking around Germany during his term in order to decrease the gulf between politics and the people.

In December 1982, the recently elected Chancellor Helmut Kohl deliberately lost a motion of confidence in order to hold new general elections. On 7 January 1983, President Carstens dissolved the Bundestag and called for new elections. In February 1983 the Federal Constitutional Court said that deliberately losing the vote was allowed, so the general elections could take place.

In 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984.


Rena Sinakin

Rena Sinakin (born March 1949) is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. She was educated at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. Sinakin started her career as a singer on Capitol Records. She later went on record on Atlantic/Atco.

During the 1970s, she moved into production. She produced Gladys Knight and the Pips, McFadden and Whitehead and John Lennon's band Elephants Memory.

Goodbye (Eurovision song)

"Goodbye" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997.

The song was performed in Bosnian by Alma Čardžić.

The song is about the singer asking her lover not to end their relationship. She suggests many things that he could do, just as long as he does not "say the two words, which mean it's over" (the two words being "Goodbye, darling" – """" in Bosnian).

Norbert Lammert

Norbert Lammert (born 16 November 1948 in Bochum) is a German politician, and a member of the CDU party.

After military service Lammert studied political science, sociology, modern history and social economics at the of Bochum and the University of Oxford (England) from 1969 to 1975. He graduated in 1972 but carried on studying to get a doctorate in social sciences in 1975.

Although he has worked as a lecturer, Lammert became a member of the Bochum City Council in 1975. He was elected to the Bundestag in 1980, and has been a member ever since.

Lammert was a Vice-President of the Bundestag from October 2002 to 18 October 2005, when he became President.

In 2005, he was elected the President of the Bundestag, the German parliament. Even though the President of the Bundesrat acts as deputy for the Federal President, according to the German order of precedence, Lammert, as President of the Bundestag, is Germany's highest ranking official after the Federal President.



Amarna

Amarna ( "al-‘amārnä") is on the east bank of the Nile in the modern Egyptian province of Minya. It is a big archaeological site. It has the remains of the capital city built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty (c. 1353 BC), and abandoned shortly afterwards. The Amarna period is the time when Amarna was the capital.

"Amarna" is the Arabic name for the place. The name for the city used by the ancient Egyptians is written as "Akhetaten" in English. It translates to "the Horizon of the Aten" ("Akh-t-Aten").

The Amarna art-style broke with the old Egyptian conventions. It showed its people more realistically. It included informal scenes, such as affection within the royal family or playing with their children. It no longer portrayed women as lighter coloured than men. The art had a realism that sometimes shocks. This art had a more lasting legacy than the religion.


Decomposer

A decomposer is an organism that breaks down long chain polymers from dead organisms into smaller molecules. Decomposers are bacteria and fungi. What they do is use the parts and energy to build up their own materials, which are also organic. 

Decomposers are heterotrophs. This means they use organic substrates to get their energy, carbon and nutrients for growth and development. 

Decomposers break down cells of other organisms using biochemical reactions without need for internal digestion. This is different from detritivores, which actually digest dead organic matter.

Decomposition also involves abiotic decomposition. This is breakdown by chemical processes, such as hydrolysis, or physical processes, such as heat. This turns organic material into inorganic material, and so returns nutrients to the environment.


Saleisha Stowers

Saleisha Stowers is the winner of the 9th season of America's Next Top Model, a model competition on 2007. She was born on January 10, 1986 and is now a model with Elite Model Management. Stowers also won CoverGirl cosmetics worth $100,000 and a cover on a magazine called Seventeen.

Stowers worked at a service counter. She joined a camp by model Tyra Banks called T-Zone because she had no confidence in herself. After the camp, she had more confidence and became more contented as a person. Stowers was in the sixth season of the competition as a minor model with a one-second appearance. She also was a model on Tyra Banks' show.

Stowers joined the ninth season of America's Next Top Model and became one of the 13 girls to become contestants. She dated judge Nigel Barker in the show.

Stowers knew Tyra Banks, which made some people think it was unfair to the other girls. Stowers also was in an advertisement before the contest. The rule states that contestants must not be in advertisements in the previous five years.

Isaac Albéniz

Isaac Albéniz (pronounced EE-saac al-BAY-nith) (born Camprodón, Catalonia, Spain, 29 May 1860; died Cambô-les-Bains, Spain, 18 May 1909) was a Spanish composer and pianist. He wrote a lot of piano music. His best known work is the collection of 12 piano pieces called "Iberia" which have lots of exciting Spanish rhythms. These pieces are very difficult to play. He also wrote several zarzuelas (light-hearted Spanish operas) and he tried to make the zarzuela more serious, but the public did not want that. He helped to make Spanish music more popular in other countries.

Albéniz started to learn the piano when he was three. His elder sister taught him. He was a child prodigy who first performed at the age of four. When he was seven he passed the entrance examination for piano at the Paris Conservatoire, but he was not given a place because they thought he was too young. A year later his father lost his job, so he took his two children on tour so that they could give concerts and earn some money. In 1869 the family moved to Madrid, but Albéniz had an unsettled childhood. He twice ran away from home, giving concerts in various places and even escaping as a stowaway to South America where he visited Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil, Cuba, Puerto Rico and then the USA. He returned to Spain in 1873. By the age of fifteen, he had already given concerts all over the world. After a short stay at the Leipzig Conservatory, in 1876 he went to study in Brussels. In 1880, he went to Budapest wanting to study with Franz Liszt, but Liszt was not there.

In 1874 his sister wanted to become a singer at the Teatro de la Zarzuela. When she did not get a place there she committed suicide.

Albéniz continued to travel all over the world. In 1883, he met the teacher and composer Felipe Pedrell, who inspired him to write Spanish music such as the "Suite Española", Op. 47. The fifth movement of that suite, called "Asturias" (Leyenda), was later arranged for guitar. It is probably the most famous piece for classical guitar. The composer Francisco Tárrega made guitar arrangements of many other piano works by Albéniz. Albéniz once said that he preferred Tárrega’s guitar arrangements to his own original piano versions.

During the 1890s Albéniz lived in London and Paris and wrote mainly theatrical works. In 1900 he started to suffer from Bright's disease and started to write more piano music. Between 1905 and 1909 he composed his most famous work, "Iberia" (1908), a suite of twelve piano "impressions".

His orchestral works include "Spanish Rhapsody" (1887) and "Catalonia" (1899).

In 1883, the composer married his student Rosina Jordana. They had three children, Blanca (who died in 1886), Laura (a painter), and Alfonso (who played for Real Madrid in the early 1900s before becoming a diplomat).

Albéniz died on 18th May 1909 at the age of 48 in Cambô-les-Bains and is buried in Barcelona.

Although he became world famous as a composer and pianist he was not properly appreciated in his own country. The Spaniards were jealous of his international reputation and thought he was a Spaniard who had deserted his country. He spent his last years in Paris where he had many friends including Gabriel Fauré, Vincent d’Indy, Paul Dukas and Claude Debussy.

There are no recordings of his piano playing but he had a very individual style. He was able to put a lot of colour and life into his playing. He had learned a lot from Liszt.

Most of his works are for piano. The "Suite Iberia" is his best work. A lot of the music is based on Spanish folksong.

James Hetfield

James Alan Hetfield (born August 3, 1963) is an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter. He is an original member of the heavy metal band Metallica.

Hetfield married his wife Francesca Tomasi on August 17, 1997. They have three children.

Tyra Banks

Tyra Banks (born December 4, 1973 in Inglewood, California) is an American supermodel and actress. She is hosts her television programs, "America's Next Top Model" and "The Tyra Banks Show".

Tyra is tall. She is the CEO of her own company, TYInc. She was the first African American model to appear on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Edition. Tyra is the "Youth Correspondent" for the "Oprah Winfrey Show". She signed modeling contract with the Elite Agency when she was 15 years old. Before she signed, Tyra planned on attending Loyola Marymount University.

America's Next Top Model

America's Next Top Model is a reality television series created and hosted by supermodel Tyra Banks. It began in 2003 on UPN. It moved to The CW for its seventh cycle in 2006 when it replaced UPN. After 22 cycles, the show has been canceled with the last episode is going to be aired on December 4, 2015

A group of contestants are chosen to live together in the Top Model House and compete to become America's Next Top Model. Each week, one girl is asked to leave (called 'elimination') because she does not have the standard and ability to become a top model. The elimination is based on a photoshoot or a commercial and the reward challenge is different every week. The last few girls travel to another country (France, Italy, Japan, China, Thailand etc.) to continue the competition. Near the end, they will do a CoverGirl commercial. Then, the last girls appear in a final runway show against each other. The winner is then chosen by the group of judges that includes Tyra Banks and others.

Current Judges:

Previous Judges:

This show has many spin offs, some of them aren't produced anymore. Here are the most important:

Prime Minister of France

The Prime Minister of France is the person who controls the government of France day-to-day. They are appointed by the President of France. 

The current Prime Minister of France is Gabriel Attal. He was appointed by President Emmanuel Macron on 9 January 2024.


François Fillon

Francois Fillon, (born 4 March 1954) is a former Prime Minister of France. He was born in Le Mans. Nicolas Sarkozy gave him the job on 17 May 2007. He resigned on 15 May 2012, following the defeat of Sarkozy in the presidential elections.

In 2017, Fillon ran for President of France and at some point was seen as the front-runner. However, following an embezzlement investigation his popularity decreased and lost the first round to Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen.

On February 24, 2020, Fillon became one of the few Prime Ministers to ever go on !trial. On June 29, 2020, he was convicted of fraud and sentenced to five years in prison.

1986 FIFA World Cup

The 1986 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1986. 24 national teams took part. Argentina won the trophy after beating Germany in the final. Diego Maradona was the best player of the tournament.






Starting with the 1994 World Cup, teams were awarded three points for a win rather than two, to encourage more offensive tactics. Had those rules been in place, Hungary would have finished ahead of Bulgaria for the 15th seed, and Uruguay would have been eliminated. The top four teams qualified for the knockout stage.


Amethyst (color)

The color amethyst is a moderate, transparent purple. It is also known as a deep shade of lavender. Its name is from the stone amethyst. This stone is a form of quartz but it is not always purple. It was a very prized stone before more of it was found.

In a RGB color space, hex #9966cc (also known as Amethyst) is composed of 60% red, 40% green and 80% blue. Whereas in a CMYK color space, it is composed of 25% cyan, 50% magenta, 0% yellow and 20% black. It has a hue angle of 270 degrees, a saturation of 50% and a lightness of 60%.




Sapphire (color)

Sapphire is a deep blue or bright blue color that is a representation of the color of a sapphire. Sapphire gems are most commonly found in a range of blue shades. Other names for variations of the color "sapphire" are blue sapphire or sapphire blue, shown below.

The first written use of "sapphire" as a color name in English was in 1430.


Tobago

Tobago is the smaller of the two main islands that make up the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. It is in the southern Caribbean Sea, northeast of the island of Trinidad and southeast of Grenada. The island is not hit by hurricanes very often.


Saharan Air Layer

The Saharan Air Layer (SAL) is an intensely dry, warm and sometimes dust-laden layer of the atmosphere which often overlays the cooler, more-humid surface air of the Atlantic Ocean. In the Sahara Desert region of North Africa, where it originates, it is the prevalent atmosphere, extending from the surface upwards several kilometers. As it drives, or is driven, out over the ocean, it is lifted above the denser marine air. This arrangement is an inversion where the temperature increases with height. The boundary between the SAL and the marine layer suppresses or "caps" any convection originating in the marine layer. Since it is dry air, the lapse rate within the SAL itself is steep, that is, the temperature falls rapidly with height.


Portland Point

Portland Point is the southernmost point in Jamaica. It is half-way along the island's south coast at the end of a hilly peninsula. A large bay, Portland Bight, lies to the east of it. 

Yucatán Channel

The Yucatán Channel is a strait between Mexico and Cuba. It is also called the Straits of Yucatán. The channel connects the Caribbean Sea with the Gulf of Mexico. It is just over wide. It is about deep at its deepest point near the coast of Cuba.

George Town, Cayman Islands

George Town, Grand Cayman, is the capital of the Cayman Islands, in the British West Indies. The town has a population of 20,626 (1999 estimates).

Guanahacabibes Peninsula

Guanahacabibes Peninsula is the westernmost point on the island of Cuba. It is in the Pinar del Río Province, in the municipality of Sandino and is sparsely populated. The waters surrounding the peninsula are important lobster and red snapper fishing grounds. It also boasts the category of Biosphere Reserve, listed by UNESCO in 1987. Its western extremity, Cape San Antonio (), is the westernmost point of Cuba.

Mobile Bay

Mobile Bay is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico, lying within the state of Alabama in the United States. Its mouth is formed by the Fort Morgan Peninsula on the eastern side and Dauphin Island, a barrier island on the western side. The Mobile River and Tensaw River empty into the northern end of the bay, making it an estuary. Dog River, Deer River, and East Fowl River empty into the western side of the bay, and Fish River is across the bay on the eastern shore.

Delmarva Peninsula

The Delmarva Peninsula is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States, made up by parts of three U.S. states: Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. Named as a portmanteau of the letters of the states that occupy it, it is almost 300 by 100 km or about 180 by 60 miles, and is bordered by the Chesapeake Bay on the west, and the Delaware River, Delaware Bay, and Atlantic Ocean on the east.

Delmarva Peninsula is home to beaches like Ocean City, Maryland and Bethany Beach, Delaware

1246

1246 was a common year.



1967 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1967 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1967, and lasted until November 30, 1967. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. The season was fairly average, with eight storms forming.

Hurricane Beulah was the most notable Atlantic hurricane of 1967. A Category 5 hurricane, it killed 58 and made $217 million ($1.2 billion in 2005 US dollars) in damage as it crossed the Yucatán Peninsula and then made landfall a second time near the mouth of the Rio Grande river.

1234

The year 1234 (MCCXXXIV) was a common year starting on Sunday.





Hurricane Beulah

Hurricane Beulah tracked through the Caribbean Sea, struck the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico as a major hurricane, and moved west-northwest into the Gulf of Mexico, briefly gaining Category 5 status. It was the strongest hurricane during the 1967 Atlantic hurricane season. The cyclone then weakened before moving into Texas as a major hurricane. It spawned 115 twisters across Texas, which established a new record for the highest amount of tornadoes produced by a tropical cyclone. Due to its slow movement over Texas, Beulah led to significant flooding, and caused over $1 billion (2005 USD) in damages. There were 58 fatalities.

Greater Antilles

The islands of the Caribbean Sea, collectively known as the West Indies are sorted by size and location into the Bahamas (or Lucayan archipelago), the Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles. The Greater Antilles are Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola (composed of Haiti on the west side and the Dominican Republic on the east side) and Puerto Rico. The smaller islands near these four major islands are sometimes also treated as part of the group. This includes the smaller islands thst surrounding the main islands, but are still part of the main island country (e.g. the Republic of Cuba consists of the island of Cuba and several smaller islands around it). The Cayman Islands are also often included in the Greater Antilles because they are close. The Greater Antilles are made up of continental rock, distinct from the Lesser Antilles, which are mostly young volcanic or coral islands.

1930 FIFA World Cup

The 1930 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Uruguay from 13 July to 30 July 1930. Thirteen teams competed in the first World Cup. Seven from South America, four from Europe and two from North America. The teams were split into four groups with the winner of each group entering the semi-finals. The final saw Uruguay winning the trophy after beating Argentina.

This was the only World Cup to not have qualifiers. This is because every FIFA member was invited to join the tournament. Most of the interest came from South America where seven nations entered. This was the most South American nations that had entered the World Cup throughout its history. Few European nations took part because of cost from travelling the Atlantic Ocean from Europe.

Group 1 was the only group to have four teams. They were Argentina, France, Chile and Mexico. Argentina won the group. This was because they won all three of their matches in the group, including a 6-3 win against Mexico. Guillermo Stábile scored 3 goals in that game. Chile finished 2nd, while France ended in 3rd.

Yugoslavia won Group 2. They won both of the matches in their group. They were the only European team to qualify. This was after they won 2-1 against likely winners Brazil in the first game. They beat Bolivia 4-0 in the second game to win the group. Brazil beat Bolivia in the final game by the same score.

In Group 3, the host nation (Uruguay) won both of their games to qualify for the knockout stage. After a one-goal win over Peru, they beat Romania in the last game of the group without giving away a goal. During that match, they scored with four different players in their 4-0 win. The other match in the group saw the smallest crowd at a World Cup with 2,459. The actual figure though is to be around 300 people.

In the final group, the United States won the group with wins against Belgium and Paraguay by the same score (3-0). During the Paraguay game, Bert Patenaude was credited as the first player to score a hat-trick in a FIFA World Cup. The last match of the group saw Paraguay beat Belgium one to nil.

The four winners, Argentina, United States, Uruguay and Yugoslavia met in two games to see who would make the final. In the first match, the pitch had puddles all through the pitch.

 won the championship. Although there was no third place play off, the United States are recognized as coming in third place (and Yugoslavia in fourth place) as the United States had better results in the tournament overall.


1934 FIFA World Cup

The 1934 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Italy in 1934. Italy won the trophy after beating Czechoslovakia in the final.



 won the championship.

|

1938 FIFA World Cup

The 1938 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in France in 1938. Italy won the trophy after beating Hungary in the final.





Italy won the championship.

|

1950 FIFA World Cup

The 1950 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Brazil in 1950. 
This competition was special compared to other FIFA World Cup tournaments as the winner was decided by winning a mini-league instead of a knock-out game. Uruguay won the trophy after finishing higher than Brazil, Sweden and Spain in the final group stage.




|

1954 FIFA World Cup

The 1954 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Switzerland in 1954. Germany won the trophy after beating Hungary in the final.









FIFA 

1958 FIFA World Cup

The 1958 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Sweden.






Brazil won the championship.








|

1962 FIFA World Cup

The 1962 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Chile in 1962. 16 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after beating Czechoslovakia in the final.







Brazil won the championship.

|

1970 FIFA World Cup

The 1970 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1970. 16 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after beating Italy in the final. Djibouti did not participate, as it was not yet a country.

The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.






Brazil won the championship.

|

1974 FIFA World Cup

The 1974 FIFA World Cup was the 10th FIFA World Cup and it was held in West Germany (including West Berlin) from 13 June to 7 July. The host nation defeated the Netherlands to win their second title.

The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.
AFC (0)
CAF (1)
OFC (1)

CONCACAF (1)
CONMEBOL (4)

UEFA (9)

|

Anglo-Saxon mythology

Anglo-Saxon mythology refers to the Migration Period Germanic paganism practiced by the English peoples in 5th to 7th century England before conversion to Christianity.

The Anglo-Saxons, composed of tribes of the Angles, Saxons, Friesian and Germans, arrived in Britain from southern Scandinavia, the Netherlands and northern Germany. It is from these people that the modern English language (Angle-ish) derives. An impression, but only that, of the Anglo-Saxon mythology can be obtained from reading about Scandinavian mythology. The latter was written down much later, by Snorri Sturluson, because Iceland remained pagan until well into the Christian era (c.1000). The Norse of Iceland and the English certainly shared a common ancestry in 6th century Denmark. The Anglo-Saxons were a largely illiterate society and tales were orally transmitted between groups and tribes by the Anglo-Saxon traveling minstrels, the scops, in the form of verse

The chief literary source is Bede, a Christian monk who wrote of the old English calendar in his "De Temporum Ratione". Only a little Old English poetry has survived, and all of it has had Christian editors. The epic poem "Beowulf" is an important source of Anglo-Saxon pagan poetry and history, but it is clearly addressed to a Christian audience, containing numerous references to the Christian God, and using Christian phrasing and metaphor. The monster Grendel, for example, is described as a descendant of the biblical Cain. In fact, the only fragment of poetry dating to the pagan era that has not undergone edits by Christian editors is the "Finnsburgh Fragment".

The Anglo-Saxons believed in supernatural creatures such as elves, dwarves and giants ("Ettins") who often brought harm to men. It is likely that they believed in "Wyrd" (German "werden"), usually translated as "fate," although the modern term fate does little justice to the true meaning of wyrd.

Being a Germanic people, the Anglo-Saxons worshiped the same gods as the Norse and other Germanic peoples. The names are slightly different due to the differences in language among the Germanic peoples. For example, Thunor of the Anglo-Saxons was the same god as Thor of the Norse and Donar of the Germans. Likewise, Woden of the Anglo-Saxons is the same as Odin among the Norse and Wotan of the Germans. 

The Ēse correspond to the Norse Æsir.

Wōden, the leader of the Wild Hunt and the one who carries off the dead, is one of the chief gods of the Anglo-Saxons before the Christian era. He was held to be the ancestor of Hengest and Horsa, two legendary figures from early English history and most of the early Anglo-Saxon kings claimed descent from Wōden. He gives us the modern Wednesday ("Wōden's day").

Þunor, is the god of thunder, who rules the storms and sky. He also protects mankind from the giants. He was the god of the common people within the heathen community. His name gives rise to the modern Thursday ("Thunor's Day").

Frīġ is the goddess of love, wisdom, and sīden magic, and is the wife of Wōden. She is one of the most powerful Goddesses, this position being threatened only by Freya, who might be one in the same with Frīġ as argued by many.

Tīw is the god of warfare and battle, and gives us Tuesday ("Tiu's day"). Some people believe that he was a sky-god figure and formerly the chief god, replaced over the years by Wōden, but is likened to Mars in Roman religion when looking at his known traits. 

Ingui Frēa was one of the most popular Gods, after Þunor and Wōden - there is evidence to suggest that Ingui was the most popular of the Anglo-Saxon deities, his cult later being replaced in popularity by that of Wōden. He is above all the god of fertility, bringing fruitfulness to the crops, herds, and folk. Though he is a fertility god, he is also connected to warfare to a degree; however, this warfare is believed to be defensive, as opposed to offensive, and is not to create havoc. After all, peace is necessary for a good harvest and a productive community, while needless warfare destroys any prospect of peace and fruitfulness. The Yngling royal line of Sweden claimed descent from him. 

Freya, or Frēo, is said to be the most beautiful of all the goddesses, and is therefore described as the goddess of love. She might be the same as Frīġe, however; As Frīġe's is love and marriage. It is likely that Frēo directed Wōden's Wælcyrġe onto the battlefield to claim the dead soldiers. Like her brother, Frēa, she is connected to abundance and wealth; however, her wealth is more thought of as metals and gems. She is also a goddess of magic, having taught Wōden "seiðr", or Sīden in Old English. 

Neorð is Frēa and Frēo's father, and is a god of the seas and commerce. He is called upon by fishermen and sailors who depend upon good seas. Like his son and daughter, his realm is that of wealth; namely, the wealth of the sea. He married the giantess Sċeaþa, albeit the marriage was not successful as neither of them could accept the other's element; Neorð his sea, and Sċeaþa her mountains.

Hengest and Horsa, who are named in historical sources as leaders of the earliest Anglo-Saxon raids and settlements in the south, may also had deific status. The name Hengest means "stallion" and Horsa means "horse"; the horse in the Anglo-Saxon mythology is an important symbol, and there's also the broader Indo European reconstructed Gods, The Divine Horse Twins, who are reflected in many Indo European derived religions. 

Wēland is a mythic smith. Originally, he is an elvish being, a shape-changer like his wife, a swan maiden and Wælcyrge. His picture adorns the Franks Casket, an Anglo-Saxon royal box and was meant there to refer to wealth and partnership. 

Ēorðe, whose name means "Earth," is the wife of Wōden and mother of Þunor. She is also the daughter of the Goddess Niht. Her worship is generally passive, as opposed to active, though she is called on for "might and main." Her latent strength can be seen in her son, Þunor.

Ēostre, according to St. Bede, was a Goddess whose feast was celebrated in Spring. Bede asserts that the current Christian festival of Easter took its name from the Goddess's feast in "Eostur-monath" (April/Aprilis).

Niht is the Goddess of Night, and also the mother of Ēorðe. The Norse night was the daughter of Narvi. She was married three times; the first to Naglfari by whom she had Auðr; the second, to Annar by whom she had Ēorðe; and the third to Dellinger, Dæġ.

Siġel/Sunne is the Goddess of the Sun. Her day is, of course, Sunday.

Since Anglo-Saxon religion a subset of Germanic paganism in general, many of its central practices are also shared by other religions such as the religion of the Norse peoples.




The Germanic gods have affected elements of every day western life in most countries that speak Germanic languages. An example is some of the names of the days of the week. The names for Tuesday through Friday are named after Germanic gods. In English and Dutch, Saturday was named after the Roman god Saturn. This is because the 7-day week was invented by the Romans which ultimately shaped the calendar we use today and the English and the Dutch never substituted a god’s name for this day. Saturday is named after the Sabbath in German, and is called "washing day" in Scandinavia. Sunday and Monday are named after the Sun (or "Sunne" in Old English) and the Moon ("Mōna" in Old English).

Also, many place names such as Woodway House, Wansdyke, Thundersley and Frigedene are named after the old deities of the English people.

J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings was influenced by the myths of the Northern Europeans. As it became popular, parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre. In almost any modern fantasy novel, you can find Germanic creatures like elves, dwarves, and giants. Tolkien was also strongly influenced by his experiences fighting during the First World War and created his own mythology, drawing heavily from Anglo Saxon myths as well as Welsh. Thus he wrote the books in which he created over 30,000 years of history within The Simarillion, of which the entire Lord of the Rings storyline only takes up a small part of.

Hengist and Horsa

Hengist was a semi-legendary ruler of Kent in southeast England (5th century AD). His name is Anglo-Saxon for "stallion". Horsa, Hengist's brother, was a 5th century warrior who took part in the settlement of Britain.

1978 FIFA World Cup

The 1978 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Argentina in 1978. Argentina won the trophy after beating Holland 3 - 1 in the final.







Argentina won the championship.


Holly Beach, Louisiana

Holly Beach (), is an unincorporated community in Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is also known as the "Cajun Riviera" (). It is known for crabbing and a drive on the beach. Holly Beach has many beach-front cabins called "camps". Because of the threat of hurricanes, these cabins were "built-to-be-rebuilt" by its residents. Holly Beach is part of the Lake Charles metropolitan area, which had 222,402 people in the year 2020.


Wayland

Wayland was the Germanic god of blacksmiths. In Anglo-Saxon writing, he appears in "Deor", "Waldere" and in "Beowulf" . The legend is shown on the Franks Casket.

Wayland is connected with Wayland's Smithy, a burial mound in Oxfordshire. This was named by the Saxons, but it was there before them. The place has a superstition that says that if a horse is left there overnight with a small silver coin ("groat"), it would have new shoes by morning.

1982 FIFA World Cup

The 1982 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Spain in 1982. Italy won the trophy after beating Germany in the final.









Italy won the championship.

|

Penance

Penance is repentance of sins, as well as the name of the Catholic Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation/Confession. The word "penance" comes from the Latin "poenitentia", the same root as penitence, which in English means repentance, the desire to be forgiven, or contrition: in many languages there is only one single word for it. Penance and repentance were similar in their original sense. After the controversy about the merits of "faith" and "good works" they are seen as conflicting views.

The sacrament of reconciliation, also called penance or confession, is a sacrament in the Roman Catholic Church. It is a way for people to be forgiven of their sins, or things they do wrong. They are reconciled, or brought closer to God. This sacrament heals their soul because all of their sins are taken away. It brings many graces, or blessings and good things, to the person who receives it.

The person who comes to this sacrament must confess, or tell, their sins to a Catholic priest or bishop. It is private, so no one else hears what the person tells the priest. After that, the person says a prayer that shows they are sorry for their sins. Then, the priest says a prayer to forgive them.

Catholic people can come to this sacrament as much as they want. Every Catholic must come to this sacrament at least once a year.

Priests who hear confessions are not allowed to tell anyone what they hear, no matter what. In case of mass penance, anyone who heard what the person told the priest also must not tell anyone what he or she had heard.


Penance (disambiguation)

Penance could mean:


Repentance

In Christianity, Repentance means to renounce a sinful life that the person lived and turns to Jesus to receive his forgiveness. Repenting can also bring healing. (2 Chronicles 7:14) However, to those who never repented, they will all perish. (Luke 13:5)

To you repent you must- Admit to God that you are a sinner. Believe that God sent his one and only son to die for all of our sins. Commit yourself to a life of following Jesus and serving others.


Repentance (disambiguation)

Repentance (in Christianity), an act of admitting all the sin that you've committed and receiving Jesus' forgiveness.

Repentance may also refer to:
Southern All Stars

Southern All Stars are a popular rock music group from Kanagawa, Japan. They got their start in the 1970's, playing music related to surfing and the beach.


Asian Kung-Fu Generation

Asian Kung-Fu Generation (アジアン・カンフー・ジェネレーション, Ajian Kanfū Jenerēshon) is a Japanese pop-rock band signed by Ki/oon Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan. They performed the second opening for the anime Naruto.They are called "AKG" or "AKFG."



Agamidae

Agamidae is a family of iguanian lizards. They are indigenous to Africa, Asia, Australia, and there are a few in southern Europe. 

The family has about 350 species in about 50 genera. Agamids usually have scaly bodies, well-developed legs, and a moderately long tail. The average body size ranges from 10 to 15 cm (4 to 6 inches), and the tail is 20 to 30 cm (8 to 12 inches) long, though the family varies widely.

Kanjani∞

Kanjani Eight (関ジャニ∞, "kanjani eito", or Kanjani∞) is a Japanese boy band. The group is made of eight men. The group was made in 2002, and their first CD was released in 2004.They perform concert and release many CD now.
This list contains the names and birth dates of group members


The Gazette (band)



In March of 2002, Ruki, Uruha, and Reita (all former band mates), and Aoi and Yune (also former band mates) formed a band under the name Gazette. Originally signed to Matina, they released their first single, "Wakaremichi", and a video release in April. By September they had released two more singles and another video, headlining a show for the first time in October.

In early 2003, Yune decided to leave the band, and he was replaced by Kai. Shortly after, they signed with the PS Company label, and in May released their first EP, "Cockayne Soup". They started their first tour, with the band Hanamuke, and along with the tour, the bands collaborated on two songs. A second tour followed with the band Vidoll, and the bands were featured together on the November issue of "Cure", a magazine focusing on Visual Kei bands.

In early December they played a co-headlining show with Deadman. On December 28 they performed at "Fool's Mate" magazine's Beauti-fool's Fest which was later released on DVD.

On January 16, 2004 they recorded a solo performance at the Shibuya-AX, which was released on DVD as "Tokyo saihan ~Judgement Day~". On March 30, 2004 they released their "Madara" mini-album, which reached #2 on the Oricon Indie Charts. Madara was followed in May by a companion DVD, which included six music videos and an in-the-studio documentary. The same month, Gazette was featured in Shoxx magazine's "Expect Rush III", a catalogue of independent Visual Kei artists. A second live DVD, "Heisei Banka", was released in August. During September and October they toured with fellow PS Company bands Kra and BIS. Their debut album, "Disorder", was released in October, and made it to the top 5 of the indies Oricon Daily Charts.

The band spent the remainder of 2004 and 2005 touring extensively, releasing "Gama" (another mini album) in August.

In 2005 the band released their first major label single, "Cassis", in December.

Starting 2006 with a name change—from Japanese characters to a romanized script—they released "Nil", their second full-length album, on February 8, 2006, and embarked on another Japanese tour, ending at the venue "Nippon Budokan". That July, The Gazette performed at the Beethovenhalle in Bonn, Germany, their first show outside of Asia. The concerts were arranged in conjunction with the AnimagiC anime and manga convention.

Three more singles were released followed by another studio album, "Stacked Rubbish" on July 4, 2007. It reached #2 on the Oricon charts within a day from the release. The album debut was followed by a promotional tour from July through September. In October, The Gazette started their first European tour stopping England, Finland, France, and Germany.

A new single called "Guren" will be released on February 13, 2008.





Exile (Japanese band)

Exile (written as EXILE, , "") is a Japanese boy band. It has 16 members. Atsushi and Takahiro are the singers, the other members are dancers. Nesmith and Shokichi are in both the singers and dancers category.


Sling (weapon)

A sling is a type of weapon which involves swinging a rock round to gain speed before throwing it. The sling is an ancient weapon which was used in the Roman Empire. A skillful slinger can hit a target 10x10 cm at 20 metres distance. A sling has operational range for some 200 metres.

The most famous user of sling was David, the future king of Israel, who killed Goliath by slinging a stone on his forehead. 

In the Middle Ages, Spanish peasants used slings against Moorish cavalry. A hit on the horse's head could kill the horse.

AnCafe

An Cafe (or Antic Cafe) is a Japanese pop/rock band formed in 2003 and signed to the independent label Loop Ash. They have been described as a visual kei band. As of 2007, the group has released two full-length albums, an EP and several singles. An Cafe recently received two new members, original guitarist Bou being replaced by Takuya and Yuuki joining on keyboard.



An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge, as they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label. They have appeared on the cover of company's free magazine, "V!nyl Syndicate".

An Cafe has gained moderate success in not only Japan, but Europe, mainland Asia (Korea, China) and the United States.



Arashi

Arashi (嵐 in Kanji, meaning "Storm") is a five-member Japanese boy band. They made their debut on September 15, 1999 in Honolulu, Hawaii on a cruise boat. They come from the famous Johnny's Entertainment production group. Their first single was “A・RA・SHI”. In October 2008 they released the single "Beautiful Days" from a TV drama which stars one member, Kazunari Ninomiya. In November 2008 the song topped music charts in Japan. They appear in Arashi ni Shiyagare. It is very famous TV show.
Arashi have released 39 CDs. 35 of 39 CDs reached first place in Oricon chart.
The CD which sold most in the Arashi is A・RA・SHI of first single.
There is 970,000 sales number of that. 

Studio albums
Compilation albums



Kobukuro

Kobukuro is a Japanese male pop band. 

The name is a mix of the two members' family names, Kentaro Kobuchi and Shunsuke Kuroda. 

In 1998, the two met each other in Sakai and formed Kobukuro. 

Kobukuro received moderately successful ratings for their first three indie albums - "" (July 1999), "Root of My Mind" (March 2001), and 'ANSWER' (December 2000). Kobukuro signed with Warner Music Japan in 2001, and made their debut with the hit single, "Yell" which reached #4 on the Oricon Charts. Their newest album is called "5296" (December 2007).

Kobukuro's new single is “STAY”.

Home Made Kazoku

Home Made Kazoku is a Japanese hip-hop trio band, formed in 1996. The members of the band are Micro, Kuro and founding member, DJ U-Ichi. They were very famous, and some of their famous songs include "Thank You" Bleach's 2nd Ending theme "Nagareboshi Shooting Star" 1st Naruto Shippuden ending theme and "No Rain No Rainbow".

Kiroro

Kiroro is a Japanese music group.

The group is made up of two female singers: Chiharu Tamashiro (voices) and Ayano Kinjō (piano). They were both born in Okinawa.

Ai Kawashima

Ai Kawashima (born February 21, 1986, in Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japan singer-songwriter. Her music was used as an opening theme of the Japanese popular television program "Ainori". She had a dream of becoming a singer since she was a child. Now she is singing for her mother and people who listen to her song, wishing world peace. Her famous songs include "My Love" and "Asuhenotobira."

Greeeen

Greeeen, or GReeeeN, or The Green is a Japanese J-pop group. The group released their first album in 2007. Two of their most successful songs are "Ai uta" and "Kiseki".

GReeeeN is a group of four singers: Hide, Navi, Soh, and 92.

Cocco

Cocco (born January 19, 1977) is a Japanese J-pop singer. Her real name is Satoko Makishi. She was born in Naha, Okinawa.


V6 (band)

V6 is a six people band from Japan. The members are Sakamoto, Morita, Inohara, Miyake, Okada and Nagano. The group is well known outside of Japan. Their sound is very similar of many American pop acts but sung in Japanese.

Metis (reggae artist)

Metis (born March 28, 1984) is a Japanese reggae singer. She is from Hiroshima. She has released one album, "ONE LOVE". Her most famous song is "Umehasaitaka Sakurahamadakaina". 



Bonnie Pink

Bonnie Pink (born April 16, 1973 in Kyoto) is a Japanese singer. She released her first song in 1995. She writes and composes all her songs, and plays guitar and piano. Her most famous song is "A Perfect Sky".

Aya Matsuura

Aya Matsuura (松浦亜弥 "Matsuura Aya", born June 25, 1986) is a Japanese actress, former idol singer and television performer. She is a member of "Hello! Project" of UP-FRONT AGENCY Co. Her nickname is "Ayaya".

She was born and raised in Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture. In 2000, she passed an audition ("Morning Musume" and "Michiyo Heike Jr." Audition), and debuted as an actress in a short TV play. In 2001, she debuted as a solo singer. She did not joined in "Morning Musume", but became one of the most famous members of "Hello! Project".



Theme song of "Hamtaro the Movie 4" (2004-11-26)

Aqua Timez

Aqua Timez is a Japanese Pop band signed to Sony Music of Japan. This group is made up of 5 members. This group was formed in 2003. Members are Futoshi, OKP-STAR, Daisuke, mayuko and TASHHI.They made their indies debut with the mini-album "Soraippainikanaderuinori" on August 24, 2005. Later,They made their major debut with the mini-album "Nanaironorakugaki" on April 5, 2006.




WaT

2016 Dissolution.

14 Irene

14 Irene is a very big Main belt asteroid.

14 Irene was found by J. R. Hind on May 19, 1851, and named after Eirene, a personification of peace in Greek mythology. She was one of the Horae, daughter of Zeus and Themis. The name was suggested by Sir John Herschel. Hind wrote,
The "Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations" in the Crystal Palace of Hyde Park, London ran from May 1 until October 18, 1851.

Hind suggested that the symbol for the asteroid should be "A dove carrying an olive-branch, with a star on its head", but an actual drawing of the symbol was never made before the use of graphical symbols to represent asteroids was no longer used.

There have been four reported stellar occultations by Irene.



Steve Allen

Stephen Valentine Patrick William Allen (December 26, 1921 - October 30, 2000) mostly known as Steve Allen was an American actor, television personality, musician, writer, and comedian best known for his show "The Steve Allen Show".

Allen introduced many new celebrities and performers on his shows, including Jerry Lee Lewis and Jack Kerouac. He also recorded an album with Kerouac, with Kerouac reading poetry and Allen playing piano with a jazz combo.

He was the first host of "The Tonight Show", who was replaced by Jack Parr and then later Johhny Carson. Allen played himself in an all-star comedy movie, "Amazon Women on the Moon".

Allen was born in New York City on December 26, 1921 and was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He was educated at the Arizona State Teachers University. He served in World War II.

Allen was married to Dorothy Goodman from 1943 until they divorced in 1952. Lastly he married Jayne Meadows from 1954 until his death in 2000. He had four children.

He was a Democrat and his wife was a Republican.

Allen died on October 30, 2000 after suffering a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, aged 78.

<br>


Lollipop

Lollipops, pops, or lollies are sweet candies you can lick or suck on. There are many flavours of lollipops, including fruits to soft drinks. In Europe, especially the Nordic countries, Germany and the Netherlands, salty-liquorice or salmiak () flavoured lollipops are also available, but these are largely unknown in other parts of the world. With a lot of companies making lollipops, the candy now comes in dozens of flavors and many different shapes. They range from small ones which can be bought by the hundred and are often given away for free at banks, barbershops, etc., to very large ones made out of candy canes twisted into a circle. There are also bacon flavored lollipops.

Some lollipops contain fillings, such as bubble gum or soft candy. 

Some lollipops have been marketed for use as diet aids, although their effectiveness is untested, and anecdotal cases of weight loss may be due to the power of suggestion.

2007 Formula One World Championship

The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th edition of the championship. Kimi Räikkönen won the championship by one point. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

The following teams launched their 2007 entries as below.





2006 Formula One World Championship

The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th edition of the championship. The champion was Fernando Alonso in a close battle. Renault won the constructor's championship.

Four prominent names in the sport disappeared for this season, with Minardi, Sauber, BAR and Jordan withdrawing, and one new team, Super Aguri entered at the last moment. 
The Sauber name remained, although largely as a sentiment, as BMW owned 80% of the team to Peter Sauber's 20%. Jordan became MF1 Racing, as Midland started afresh after a disappointing first season under the Jordan name. Late in the season, the team was bought by Spyker. Honda, who already owned a 45% stake in the BAR team, completed their takeover of the team and changed its name to Honda Racing F1 Team at the start of the season. 
Super Aguri F1 also entered their first season after having problems entering. They received backing from Honda Racing F1 including technology and engines, due to them running Honda driver Takuma Sato.

Williams introduced numerous changes for 2006, particularly changing to Cosworth V8 engines after they and BMW split. Red Bull Racing (RBR) had Ferrari engines, replacing the Cosworth power which gained them seventh in the standings in 2005. Williams and Toyota changed tyre suppliers to Bridgestone, due to Michelin's desire to supply fewer teams in the championship. Despite this Toro Rosso who under the Minardi name ran Bridgestone tyres switched to Michelin in line with parent team RBR.

At The Start of the Season

During the Season

In the 2006 Formula One calendar the Australian Grand Prix was put back to a few weeks to avoid a clash with the 2006 Commonwealth Games. For the first time, Bahrain hosted the first Grand Prix. Brazil hosted the last race and Japan and China swapped their original dates.

(*) Driver did not finish the race but was classified, having raced more than 90% of race distance.

2005 Formula One World Championship

The 2005 Formula One season was the 56th edition of the championship. The champion was Fernando Alonso in the close battle. Renault F1 won the constructor's championship.

The most noticeable change to the 2005 season was its driver lineup — only 7 drivers raced for the same team with which they began the 2004 season, another 7 drivers switched to new teams.

Red Bull Racing, which took over the Jaguar team, ran with Cosworth engines. Red Bull's lead driver is veteran Scotsman David Coulthard, paired with Christian Klien, the '04 Jaguar driver. Red Bull performed well, scoring 11 points after the first two events. Toyota-powered Jordan Grand Prix was purchased by Midland Group, although the team continued as Jordan until 2006. Sauber switched from Bridgestone to Michelin tyres over the winter, further severing their ties with the Ferrari team.

Shortly after the United States Grand Prix, Peter Sauber sold BMW a majority share in his Sauber team, which announced its intention to run as BMW's factory team in 2006.

The 2005 Formula One calendar featured a new event in Turkey, just miles from the Europe-Asia dividing line. The newly-built circuit in Istanbul joined the 2004 newcomers Bahrain and China. The 2005 season witnessed two of the hottest grands prix ever: the track temperature at the beginning of the Malaysian event was 51 °C (124 °F), while in Bahrain the mercury soared past 56 °C (133 °F).

2004 Formula One World Championship

The 2004 Formula One season was the 55th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher after dominating the whole season. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

2003 Formula One World Championship

The 2003 Formula One season was the 54th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

2002 Formula One World Championship

The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher after he dominated all season. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

 Driver did not finish the Grand Prix, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.

2001 Formula One World Championship

The 2001 Formula One season was the 52nd edition of the championship. The Driver's Champion was Michael Schumacher. He dominated all the whole season, and won with a record margin of 58 points. Ferrari won the Constructors' Championship.

After four years out of the sport, Renault returned as an engine supplier. Michelin returned as a tyre supplier. This was the first time Bridgestone had competition since Goodyear left the sport at the end of the season.

2001 saw the first Formula One races for future champions Fernando Alonso and Kimi Räikkönen. It was the last year Jean Alesi and world champion Mika Häkkinen would race in Formula One.

At the end of the 2001, the Prost team closed down due to lack of money. The French company Renault purchased the Benetton team. Benetton was renamed as the Renault F1 team.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 2001 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

2000 Formula One World Championship

The 2000 Formula One season was the 51st edition of the championship. The Driver's Champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Ferrari won the Constructor's Championship.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 2000 FIA Formula One World Championship.

1999 Formula One World Championship

The 1999 Formula One season was the 50th edition of the championship. The champion was Mika Häkkinen. Ferrari won the constructor's championship. Michael Schumacher was injured on the first lap of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. His brakes failed, and he broke his leg. He missed 6 races and returned at the Malaysian Grand Prix.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1999 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".
Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

1998 Formula One World Championship

The 1998 Formula One season was the 47th edition of the championship. The champion was Mika Häkkinen in a close battle. Mclaren won the constructor's championship.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1998 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

1997 Formula One World Championship

The 1997 Formula One season was the 48th edition of the championship. The champion was Jacques Villeneuve in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1996 Formula One World Championship

The 1996 Formula One season was the 47th edition of the championship. The champion was Damon Hill in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1995 Formula One World Championship

The 1995 Formula One season was the 46th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Benneton won the constructor's championship.

1994 Formula One World Championship

The 1994 Formula One season was the 45th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1993 Formula One World Championship

The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th edition of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1992 Formula One World Championship

The 1992 Formula One season was the 43rd edition of the championship. The champion was Nigel Mansell in a close battle. Williams won the constructors championship.

1991 Formula One World Championship

The 1991 Formula One season was the 42nd edition of the championship. The champion was Ayrton Senna. McLaren won the constructors championship.

1990 Formula One World Championship

The 1990 Formula One season was the 41st season of FIA Formula One motor racing. The season started on 11 March and ended on 4 November after sixteen races. Ayrton Senna was World Champion Driver for the second time, and McLaren won the Constructors' Championship.




At the start of the season, six teams needed to pre-qualify: Lola, AGS, EuroBrun, Osella, Coloni and Life.

The first race of the year was held in Phoenix, USA. Unexpected rain in qualifying led to a grid with Gerhard Berger on pole position with Pierluigi Martini second in the Minardi, Andrea de Cesaris third in the Dallara, Jean Alesi fourth in the Tyrrell, Ayrton Senna down in fifth and Nelson Piquet sixth. Alesi took the lead at the start ahead of Berger, de Cesaris, Senna, Martini and Piquet.

Alesi pulled away and Berger was dropping back. Senna passed de Cesaris and Berger hit a wall on lap 9, forcing him to pit. He charged back but retired with clutch problems. Alesi was 8.2 seconds ahead but Senna started to reel him in. Senna attacked on lap 34 but Alesi defended and kept the lead. Senna did the job properly one lap later and pulled away to win. Behind, Thierry Boutsen passed Piquet to take third with Stefano Modena's Brabham and Satoru Nakajima's Tyrrell getting the final points.

In qualifying in Brazil, Senna and Berger were 1-2 with Boutsen and Patrese 3-4 and the Ferraris of Nigel Mansell and Alain Prost behind them. At the start, Senna led Berger, Boutsen, Prost, Patrese and Mansell. Boutsen passed Berger early on but could not keep up with Senna.

At the stops, Boutsen ran into a tyre and had to change his nose cone, dropping back to 11th and some good work from the Ferrari crew got Prost ahead of Berger and Mansell ahead of Patrese. Senna was ahead of Prost, Berger, Mansell, Patrese and Alesi. Senna, 10 seconds ahead hit backmarker Nakajima, forcing him to pit and drop back to third. With just a few laps to go, Patrese retired with a broken oil cooler. Prost duly won from Berger, Senna, Mansell, the recovering Boutsen and Piquet.

An almost identical grid to Brazil saw Senna, Berger, Patrese, Boutsen, Mansell and Prost line up after qualifying. At the start, Senna and Berger got away well but Boutsen sliced ahead of Patrese to take third with Mansell and Prost behind. Boutsen passed Berger on lap 2. On the next lap, a stone sliced through Senna's wheelrim, spinning him into a sandtrap and out of the race. Boutsen pulled away from Berger but his engine blew on lap 18.

Soon Mansell passed Patrese and then attacked Berger. Berger closed the door and Mansell spun without hitting anything nor losing a place. He set off after Berger again but retired with engine problems. At the second stops, Nannini got ahead of Prost. Patrese closed in on Berger and passed him on lap 51. Patrese pulled away and won from Berger, Nannini, Prost, Piquet and Alesi.

In Monaco, Senna took pole but Prost was second with Alesi third ahead of Patrese, Berger and Boutsen. At the start, Berger collided with Prost, blocking the track and stopping the race. The second was all right and Senna led from Prost, Alesi, Berger, Patrese and Boutsen.

The race settled down and nothing changed until lap 30 when Prost retired with a battery failure. Then Mansell hit the back of Boutsen and was forced to pit and changed his front wing. Patrese's distributor failed on lap 42. Behind, Mansell was charging through the field and passed Boutsen to take fourth. But then he was sidelined with the same problem as Prost. At the front, Senna won from Alesi, Berger, Boutsen, Alex Caffi in the Arrows and Éric Bernard's Larrousse.

Canada was next and the McLarens were 1-2 in qualifying with Senna ahead of Berger with Prost third, Nannini fourth, Piquet fifth and Boutsen sixth. The track was damp on race day and Berger jumped the start and then hesitated. He got a 1-minute time penalty as well as allowing Senna to lead on the road. Senna led Nannini, Alesi, Prost, Boutsen and Piquet.

The track began to dry and everyone pitted. But when Nannini rejoined, he hit a groundhog and had to pit again for repairs. He spun off on lap 22. Berger took the lead on the road but he needed a minute to stay ahead at the end. He charged and was a second quicker than the others as Boutsen spun off while battling Prost. Senna now led from Prost, Piquet, Mansell, Patrese and Derek Warwick.

Piquet after many laps finally passed Prost who was then attacked by Mansell. Patrese retired putting Berger to fifth (he got ahead of Warwick before). Mansell passed Prost and slowly pulled away. With two laps to go, Berger got past Prost on aggregate but could not get ahead of Mansell. Senna won from Piquet, Mansell, Berger, Prost and Warwick.

After Canada came Mexico and Berger qualified on pole position with Patrese beside him and Senna third, Mansell fourth, Boutsen fifth and Alesi sixth. At the start, Patrese and Berger jumped Senna while Piquet got ahead of Boutsen and Mansell. Early on, Senna passed Patrese and Berger followed him through. Patrese was dropping back and Piquet got by him as well. Boutsen was the next to go through but at the same time Berger had a problem with his tyre and was forced to stop and dropped back to 12th. Senna lead from Piquet, Boutsen, Patrese, Mansell and Prost.

Soon, Mansell passed Patrese and got Boutsen four laps later as Prost did the same to Patrese. Prost sneaked ahead of Boutsen as Mansell closed in on Piquet. Mansell got ahead on lap 36 and Prost followed him through six laps later. Piquet soon stopped and dropped behind Nannini, Boutsen (who already stopped) and Berger. Berger passed Boutsen on lap 47 and Nannini four laps later. Prost passed Mansell on lap 55 and they began to close in on Senna. Prost, passed Senna followed by Mansell. Then Mansell spun but at the same time Senna got a puncture that let to him retiring in the pits 4 laps before the end and allowing Berger to get third and close in to Mansell. With a daring move Berger passed Mansell but Mansell charged back and attacked taking back second place. Prost won with Mansell second making it a Ferrari 1-2 ahead of Berger, Nannini, Boutsen and Piquet.

France was next, the fans were wearing red and a Ferrari did take pole. However, it was not their hero Prost but Mansell who was ahead of Berger, Senna, Prost, Nannini and Patrese. At the start, Berger got past Mansell while Prost lost out as well. Berger led with Mansell, Senna, Nannini, Patrese and Prost behind. On lap 2, Senna passed Mansell for second and the order stayed like that until Senna passed Berger whose tyres were destroyed.

Nannini and Piquet pitted early while Berger and Senna went too late. Mansell and Prost's tyres lasted longer and thus they pitted late. Riccardo Patrese went too late and was the big loser. This left the two Leyton Houses (they planned the race without a stop) ahead with a totally shuffled order behind them. Ivan Capelli led Maurício Gugelmin, Prost, Nannini, Mansell and Senna. Prost then caught and passed Gugelmin who then went out with engine trouble.

As Prost closed in on Capelli, Mansell sneaked past Nannini and started to close in on Capelli and Prost. Capelli defended from Prost on each an every attempt as Mansell went out with engine trouble. Nannini took third but he then had electrical trouble and was forced to retire while Prost passed Capelli with three laps to go. Prost won ahead of Capelli, Senna, Piquet, Berger and Patrese.

Britain was next and Mansell, roared on by his home fans, took pole with Senna second, Berger third, Boutsen fourth, Prost fifth and Alesi sixth. At the start Senna outdragged Mansell while Alesi also got bogged back. Senna led from Mansell, Berger, Boutsen, Prost and Patrese. But Mansell then passed Senna on lap 2 and Senna spun on the next lap, dropping down to fifth.

Soon Prost passed Boutsen for third as Mansell began to have troubles with his gearbox. Berger passed him to lead but then Mansell's car seemed to improve again. He repassed Berger but Prost was right behind them by now. Soon Prost sneaked by Berger and chased off after Mansell who had gearbox issues again. Prost got ahead of Mansell on lap 44 and pulled away.

However, Berger was unable to catch Mansell as he in turn had handling issues. Behind them Piquet, who had tyre trouble (he did not stop) spun, giving fifth to Senna. Mansell then suddenly slowed down on lap 55 as his gearbox troubles became serious, ending hopes of a Ferrari 1-2. Berger took second but he went out with throttle failure five laps later. In between, Bernard had passed Piquet as well. Prost won again from Boutsen, Senna, Bernard, Piquet and Aguri Suzuki.

Thus, at the halfway stage, Prost led with 41 points with Senna second with 39, Berger third with 25, Piquet fourth with 18, Boutsen fifth with 17, Alesi and Mansell sharing sixth with 13 with Patrese eighth with 10. In the constructors, McLaren with 64 points led Ferrari who were second with 54, Williams who were third with 27 and Benetton who were fourth with 25.

At the start of second half of the season, there was minor shake-up in pre-qualifying. Lola escaped due to their points, while two Ligiers needed pre-qualifying.

McLaren's were 1-2 in qualifying, Senna ahead of Berger. Ferrari were 3-4 with Prost ahead of Mansell and Williams were 5-6 to complete the "Noah's Ark" (two-by-two) formation, Patrese ahead of Boutsen. At the start, Berger took off better than Senna but Senna just stayed ahead with Berger second, Prost third, Mansell fourth with Patrese fifth and Piquet sixth.

There were no changes until lap 11 when Piquet tried to pass Patrese and went through an escape road, allowing Nannini to get ahead. Three laps later Mansell went through the grass at Ostkurve without losing a place but damaging his car. It proved crucial as he retired two laps later, the damage being too much. Meanwhile, Nannini passed Patrese as the top three stopped for tyres, the Williamses and Benettons planning to go without a stop. Piquet retired with engine trouble.

Thus, Nannini led Senna, Patrese, Piquet, Berger and Prost. Patrese's tyres were too badly damaged and he was forced to pit. Prost then passed Boutsen for fourth with Patrese following him two laps later. On lap 34, Senna passed Nannini for the lead and pulled away. Senna won from Nannini, Berger, Prost, Patrese and Boutsen.

Hungary was next and the Williamses qualified ahead of the McLarens, Boutsen taking pole ahead of Patrese, Berger, Senna, Mansell and Alesi. At the start, Boutsen kept the lead but it was Berger went away best and passed Patrese while Senna was worst and lost out to both Mansell and Alesi. Thus, it was Boutsen, Berger, Patrese, Mansell, Alesi and Senna.

It stayed like that on lap 21 when Senna passed Alesi for fifth but he was forced to pit on the next lap with a slow puncture. Nannini soon passed Alesi to take fifth. The leaders stopped and Berger was the big loser with Nannini and Senna the big gainers, rising directly behind the Williams men. The order was: Boutsen, Patrese, Nannini, Senna, Mansell and Berger. Boutsen then pulled away while Patrese held up the others until Nannini streamed by with Senna following him.

Patrese then pitted and dropped behind Piquet as Berger passed Mansell only for Mansell to get back at him. Senna tried to pass Nannini on lap 64 and tipped Nannini into a spin and retirement. Berger tried to do the same thing on Mansell on lap 72 at the same corner with the same result - a collision but with both cars out. Boutsen won ahead of Senna, Piquet, Patrese, Warwick and Bernard.

Monteverdi team had pulled out of F1, meaning that two Ligiers escaped from pre-qualifying again. In Belgium, McLaren were 1-2 with Senna on pole ahead of Berger, Prost, Boutsen, Mansell and Patrese. At the first start, Piquet pushed Mansell off the road and soon Nakajima and Modena collided as well, resulting in start No.2.

Once again, Senna took the lead while Boutsen sliced into second and Prost dropped back to fifth. However, Paolo Barilla smashed into a wall in his Minardi, blocking the track as well as bringing out the red flags.

Start No.3 was clean and Senna took the lead ahead of Berger, Prost, Boutsen, Patrese and Nannini. On lap 11, Mansell was into the pits with handling problems. He went out but retired eight laps later as the problems became serious. On lap 14, Prost sliced ahead of Berger who then pitted for tyres. Senna and Prost, separated by 2 seconds stopped at the same time but then Nannini who was planning to go without stopping came in between them. Then both Patrese and Boutsen went out with gearbox troubles. Prost passed Nannini and Berger tried the same but this time Nannini came back at him to keep the place. On lap 41, Nannini went wide and Berger sailed through to take third. Senna duly won from Prost, Berger, Nannini, Piquet and Gugelmin.

With five more races to go, Senna now had 63 points, 13 points ahead of Prost with 50. Berger was third with 33, Boutsen fourth with 27, Piquet fifth with 24, Nannini sixth with 16, Patrese seventh with 15 with Alesi eighth with 13. In the constructors, McLaren led with 96 with Ferrari second with 63, Williams third with 42 and Benetton fourth with 40.

After Belgium came Italy and Senna took pole again with Prost second, Berger third, Mansell fourth, Alesi fifth and Boutsen sixth. At the start, Berger raced past Prost while Alesi jumped by both the Ferraris. But Warwick crashed at the Parabolica, bringing out the red flags. In the restart, Berger got past Prost and Alesi got by Mansell immediately. Alesi then passed Prost into the second corner and so we had Senna leading Berger, Alesi, Prost, Mansell and Boutsen.

On lap 5, Alesi spun off and retired. Nothing changed until lap 18 when Boutsen retired with a suspension failure and Berger's tyres began to fade. Prost then passed Berger and the stops did not change anything. The top three then began to battle for the lead but none was able to close in on the other while Mansell continued to drop back, fighting a faulty throttle return spring. Senna won from Prost, Berger, Mansell, Patrese and Nakajima.

Portugal was next and the Ferraris took 1-2 in qualifying with Mansell ahead of Prost, Senna, Berger, Patrese and Piquet. At the start, Mansell's snaky start almost took Prost out and the McLarens blasted by them with Piquet getting by Prost as well. The order was: Senna, Berger, Mansell, Piquet, Prost and Boutsen.

On lap 13, Prost took Piquet for fourth and later Mansell went to the grass, allowing Prost to take third. Mansell and Berger pitted soon as Prost passed Senna at the same time to lead. These two soon pitted as well with a shuffled order: Senna, Mansell, Berger, Prost, Nannini and Piquet. The Ferraris started to close in on the McLarens in front of them by now. Behind them, Piquet passed Nannini to take fifth.

On lap 50, Mansell was close to Senna and passed him to lead. He pulled away fast but then hit Phillipe Alliot while lapping him, pushing the Ligier into a wall while Mansell got away with no damage. Prost then passed Berger on lap 59. Two laps later, Suzuki and Caffi collided and with the latter stuck in the cockpit on a zone with the wall next to the track, the race was stopped. Thus Mansell won from Senna, Prost, Berger, Piquet and Nannini.

Now in Spain and Senna took his 50th career pole position ahead of Prost, Mansell, Alesi, Berger and Patrese. At the start, Senna took off into the lead but behind them Patrese hit Alesi, spinning him into the gravel trap and into retirement. Lap 1 and Senna led Prost, Mansell, Berger, Boutsen and Patrese.

Berger was holding up a train of four cras behind him, none of them able to pass on the twisty Jerez circuit. At the stops, Mansell got ahead of Prost but waved Prost through to help his championship hopes just as Senna was coming out of the pits. He split the two Ferraris. The order was Piquet (he and Nannini were planning to go without stopping), Prost, Senna, Mansell, Nannini and Boutsen.

Prost started to attack Piquet who gave in to the pressure and went wide, dropping down to fourth. Then, Mansell attacked and passed Senna to make it a 1-2 for Ferrari as Piquet retired with battery problems. Senna pitted for tyres but retired when his radiator failed soon after. Three laps later, Berger attacked Boutsen for fourth and two collided, Berger spinning out. Prost won with Mansell making it a Ferrari 1-2 ahead of Nannini, Boutsen, Patrese and Suzuki.

With two races to go, Senna had 78 points to Prost's 69 and with both having 11 results in the points, it was clear that they would have to drop points. However, Senna would have had to drop two third places unlike Prost who would only have to drop a fourth and a fifth (if they both finish in the top 3). Berger was third with 40, Mansell was fourth with 31, Boutsen was fifth with 30, Piquet was sixth with 26, Nannini seventh with 21 and Patrese eighth with 19. In the constructors, McLaren led with 118 points with Ferrari second with 100. Williams was third with 49 and Benetton was fourth with 47.

Before the Japanese Grand Prix, Nannini was involved in a helicopter crash and sustained career-ending injuries (though he would later return to touring car racing). He was replaced by Roberto Moreno for the rest of the season. Moreno had been free since EuroBrun had withdrawn from Formula One, along with Life. As a result, pre-qualifying was not needed.

In qualifying, Senna took pole ahead of Prost, Mansell, Berger, Boutsen and Piquet. However, Senna was unhappy at the side the pole was on as the pole was on the dirty side of the track and thus the second place being on the racing line which should give the second-placed driver the advantage into the first corner. He went to FISA president Jean Marie Balestre to change the side where the pole was, but was refused. After this, he decided that he would go for any gap into the first corner if Prost had the advantage. At the start, Prost did have the advantage and Senna went for the gap. Prost did not know it and closed the door. Senna's left front touched Prost's rear wing, spinning both of them into the gravel trap. The world championship was sealed.

Although Senna led by 9 points and there were 9 points for a win, if Prost won the last race he would have had to drop his fifth place in Canada which meant that he would be two points behind Senna even if Senna retired. Senna was the new world champion. Back to the race now and Berger was leading Mansell, Piquet, Moreno, Boutsen and Patrese. At the start of the second lap, Berger spun off into retirement after hitting debris from the Senna-Prost collision. This left Mansell who was under pressure by the Benettons leading.

Mansell then began to pull away from Piquet and Moreno as Suzuki passed Warwick for sixth. Mansell pitted with a 15-second lead on lap 27 for tyres but his driveshaft snapped as he went out of his garage. He retired giving the Constructors title to McLaren as they were 18 points ahead and a 1-2 can get only 15 points. The Benettons and Suzuki did not stop but Patrese and Boutsen did with Patrese getting ahead at the stops but both rejoined behind Suzuki. Then Nakajima passed Warwick to take sixth as Warwick then retired with gearbox trouble. Piquet won with Moreno making it a Benetton 1-2. Suzuki was third, Patrese fourth, Boutsen fifth and Nakajima sixth.

The last race of the year was in Australia and the McLarens took 1-2 in qualifying ahead of the Ferraris, Senna ahead of Berger, Mansell, Prost, Alesi and Patrese. At the start, Senna took off into the lead with Berger defending from the Ferraris and Piquet getting by Alesi and Patrese. The order was: Senna, Berger, Mansell, Prost, Piquet and Alesi.

On lap 2, Berger missed a gear selection allowing Mansell to get ahead. While defending from Prost, he held up Prost allowing Piquet to get ahead of him. Piquet soon passed Berger for third and the order settled down. Senna and Mansell continued to pull away from the rest, none of them able to keep up. Soon Patrese got past Alesi with Boutsen following suit.

Then, on lap 43, Mansell went up an escape road, giving Senna a good lead. Mansell was caught and passed by Piquet and pitted for tyres soon after. At the stops, Boutsen got ahead of Patrese. Berger then ran wide entering the Brabham straight, allowing Prost to take third. Mansell passed Berger on lap 57 and soon passed Prost on his new tyres. Senna had a gearbox glitch on lap 62 and went straight on into the wall and retired. Mansell closed in on Piquet, breaking the lap record 3 times towards the finish, taking 2 seconds a lap out of his lead. Piquet made an error with 4 laps to go, allowing Mansell to close right up. Mansell attacked on the last lap with a desperate passing attempt at the end of the straight, was too far behind to make the pass. Thus, Piquet won from Mansell, Prost, Berger, Boutsen and Patrese.

At the end of the season, Senna was world champion with 78 points with Prost second with 71 (he got 73 but had to drop 2 points), Piquet third with 43 (he got 44 but had to drop 1 point), Berger fourth with 43 (he was behind Piquet because Piquet had more wins), Mansell fifth with 37, Boutsen sixth with 34, Patrese seventh with 23 and Nannini eighth with 21. In the constructors, McLaren were champions with 121 points with Ferrari second with 110, Benetton third with 71 and Williams fourth with 55.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Points towards the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship for Drivers were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first six places at each round. Only the best eleven round results were retained, any other points being discarded.

Points towards the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship for Constructors were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first six places at each round. All results were counted (not just best eleven rounds).

Le Mans Grand Prix orignally scheduled 22 July, but was cancelled. The Grand Prix returned in 1991.


1950 Formula One season

The 1950 Formula One season was the first edition of the championship. The champion was Giussepe Farina in a close battle.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1950 FIA World Championship of Drivers.


Other Formula One races, which did not count towards the World Championship, also held in 1950.

1951 Formula One season

The 1951 Formula One season was the second edition of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.


Other Formula One races, which did not count towards the World Championship, also held in 1951.

1952 Formula One season

The 1952 Formula One season was the third of the championship. The champion was Alberto Ascari in a close battle.


Formula One/Two Grand Prix races, which did not count towards the World Championship, also held in 1952.

1953 Formula One season

The 1953 Formula One season was the 4th of the championship. The champion was Alberto Ascari in a close battle.


Formula One/Two races also held in 1953, which did not count towards the World Championship.

1954 Formula One season

The 1954 Formula One season was the 5th edition of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.


Other Formula One races also held in 1954, which did not count towards the World Championship.

1955 Formula One season

The 1955 Formula One season was the 6th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.


Other Formula One races also held in 1955, which did not count towards the World Championship.

1956 Formula One season

The 1956 Formula One season was the 7th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.

1957 Formula One season

The 1957 Formula One season was the 8th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.

1958 Formula One season

The 1958 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship. The champion was Mike Hawthorn in a close battle.

1959 Formula One season

The 1959 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship. The champion was Jack Brabham in a close battle.

1960 Formula One season

The 1960 Formula One season was the 10th of the championship. The champion was Jack Brabham in a close battle.

1961 Formula One season

The 1961 Formula One season saw Phil Hill crowned as champion.


1962 Formula One season

The 1962 Formula One season saw Graham Hill crowned as champion.


1963 Formula One season

The 1963 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.

1964 Formula One season

The 1964 Formula One season crowned as champion John Surtees.


1965 Formula One season

The 1965 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.

1966 Formula One season

The 1966 Formula One season crowned as champion Jack Brabham.

1967 Formula One season

The 1967 Formula One season crowned as champion Denny Hulme.

1968 Formula One season

The 1968 Formula One season crowned as champion Graham Hill.

1969 Formula One season

The 1969 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1970 Formula One season

The 1970 Formula One season crowned as champion Jochen Rindt.

1971 Formula One season

The 1971 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1972 Formula One season

The 1972 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.

1973 Formula One season

The 1973 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1974 Formula One season

The 1974 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.

1975 Formula One season

The 1975 Formula One season saw Niki Lauda crowned as champion.

1976 Formula One season

The 1976 Formula One season crowned James Hunt as champion.

The following teams and drivers contested the 1976 World Championship of F1 Drivers and the 1976 International Cup for F1 Manufacturers.

The Driver's championship was won by James Hunt from Niki Lauda, who had to miss several races as a result of an injury sustained in a crash at the German Grand Prix.

1977 Formula One season

The 1977 Formula One season crowned as champion Niki Lauda.

The following drivers and constructors contested the World Championship of Drivers and the International Cup for Formula 1 Constructors:

1978 Formula One season

The 1978 Formula One season crowned as champion Mario Andretti.

1979 Formula One season

The 1979 Formula One season crowned as champion Jody Scheckter.

1980 Formula One season

The 1980 Formula One season was the 31st of the championship. The champion was Alan Jones.

1981 Formula One World Championship

The 1981 Formula One season was the 32nd of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

1982 Formula One World Championship

The 1982 Formula One season was the 33rd championship. The champion was Keke Rosberg in a close battle.

The early races of the season were disrupted by politics. At the first race of the season, the South African Grand Prix, Niki Lauda led a drivers' strike against the "superlicences", newly required for participation in the championship, which included clauses that Lauda believed would unfairly tie drivers to their teams. Most of the drivers locked themselves in a conference room overnight before agreement was reached that the relevant clauses could be re-visited and the race was reinstated. The six factory turbocharged cars, including the Brabham-BMWs on this occasion, had their inherent power advantage exaggerated by the low air density at the high altitude Kyalami circuit and took the first six places on the grid. Alain Prost won the race in his Renault. Despite the pre-race agreement, the race stewards issued a statement during the race indicating that the licences of those drivers who had taken part in the strike were suspended.

The striking drivers were eventually fined $5,000 each and given a one race ban, suspended for six months, but the process of reaching this compromise position took several weeks and contributed to the cancellation of that year's Argentine Grand Prix, due to be the second race of the year. The Brazilian and United States West Grands Prix were both won by DFV-powered cars, and both results were protested by the Ferrari and Renault teams, on the grounds that the leading DFV teams were competing with underweight cars thanks to their water-cooled brakes. The stewards in Brazil ruled that the Piquet's winning Brabham and Rosberg's second-placed Williams were illegal, but their counterparts in the US rejected the same claim against Niki Lauda's McLaren and Rosberg's Williams, although they did uphold the Tyrrell team's protest against Ferrari's use of two rear wings and disqualified Villeneuve. The appeal process meant that the result of the protest would not be known for another month.

On 19 April, the FIA tribunal found in favour of Ferrari and Renault's protest of the Brazilian Grand Prix result. Piquet and Rosberg were disqualified and Prost was awarded the win. The other finishers, including some like title contender John Watson who had also been racing underweight, but had not been protested, were moved up the results accordingly. This gave Prost the lead in the world championship, with 18 points to Lauda's 12 and Rosberg and Watson's 8. The tribunal also ruled that after future races, all cars must be weighed before liquids were topped up. The FOCA teams requested a postponement of the next race, the San Marino Grand Prix, until July to allow consideration of the effects of the judgement, on the grounds that it changed the regulations of the sport. The race organisers refused to delay the race, which went ahead without the majority of the FOCA teams.

Only 14 cars competed at the San Marino Grand Prix because of the FOCA boycott, leaving the Ferraris to compete with the Renaults until both French cars broke down. By lap 45, Villeneuve and Pironi were contesting the lead, with Villeneuve in front, when their Ferrari team signalled them to slow down. Villeneuve did so and was passed by his teammate; they swapped the lead again several times before Pironi passed Villeneuve on the final lap for the win. After the race, Villeneuve said that the "Slow" sign at Ferrari had always previously meant that the drivers should hold their positions, adding "People seem to think we had the battle of our lives! [...] I was coasting those last 15 laps."; Pironi said that "The 'Slow' sign means only to use your head [... not that] if you think you can win, don't do it." In an interview the following week, Villeneuve said that he would never speak to Pironi again.

Two weeks later, Villeneuve died after an accident during the final qualifying session for the Belgian Grand Prix at Zolder. Bamsey and Lang write that he was trying to beat Pironi's time, while Ferrari race engineer Mauro Forghieri says that the Canadian was returning to the pits and would not therefore have set a lap time. Villeneuve caught Jochen Mass travelling much more slowly through a left-handed bend and moved to the right to pass him at the same instant that Mass also moved right to let Villeneuve through on the racing line. The two collided and Villeneuve was thrown out of his disintegrating car. He died of a fractured neck in a local hospital at 9:12 that evening. Ferrari withdrew from the race, which John Watson won for McLaren. His teammate Lauda was disqualified after the race for an underweight car. The results were dominated by the returning FOCA teams; even the only turbo-engined finisher, Piquet's Brabham-BMW, was from their number.

Roebuck writes that the next race, the Monaco Grand Prix, "was a sombre, edgy place [...] the sense of [Villeneuve's] absence was overwhelming": the Canadian had lived in the principality and had won the previous year's race. In the race itself Arnoux led early before spinning off, handing the lead to his Renault teammate Prost. Prost built up a massive lead, but a light rain shower in the closing laps triggered a chaotic finish. Prost crashed out, handing the lead to Patrese. Patrese spun on the penultimate lap and stalled, allowing Pironi into the lead, followed by Andrea de Cesaris. On the final lap Pironi, de Cesaris, and Derek Daly all dropped out while in potential race winning positions. Meanwhile, Patrese bump-started his car by coasting down a hill, completed the final two laps, and took his first career victory. Pironi was classified second, despite running out of fuel and stopping on the last lap. After the race, Prost, who had scored no points since the Brazilian Grand Prix in March, led the championship by one point from Watson and two points from Pironi.

Formula One returned to North America for the Detroit Grand Prix, where Watson won again, this time from 17th place on the grid, to take the championship lead. Tragedy struck again in Canada. Pironi qualified on pole, but stalled at the start. His stationary car was hit by the Osella of young Italian Riccardo Paletti, who was killed in the impact and resultant fire. Piquet won the restarted race. Pironi came back to take a dominant victory in the Netherlands, where Arnoux was lucky to escape uninjured from a massive crash after his Renault's throttle stuck open.

"...there was heavy rain; as I buttoned up against the elements I chanced to look across to the end of the straight leading into the stadium.

There was a car—a Ferrari— in the air, 20 feet or so from the ground, its nose pointing skyward. It came down tail first, then began somersaulting, coming to rest finally at the trackside." "Journalist Nigel Roebuck describing Pironi's career-ending crash at the 1982 German Grand Prix"

Lauda won in Britain, but the real star of the race was Derek Warwick, who hustled the unfancied Toleman into second place late in the race and was closing on Lauda before the car broke down. The next race at Le Castellet's Circuit Paul Ricard saw Frenchman Arnoux take victory in his French Renault, which was popular with the crowd but not with the team, as Arnoux was supposed to give the win to teammate Prost to help the latter's championship cause. But that was a race that saw 4 French drivers finish in the top 4 (Arnoux, Prost, Pironi and Patrick Tambay) and German driver Jochen Mass immediately retire from F1 after a near-catastrophic accident with Mauro Baldi at Signes, the fast corner after the long Mistral straight. Mass's car touched Baldi's, both went off the track and Mass hit the barrier and was then catapulted into grandstands full of people. Although several spectators had minor injures, this appalling accident left no one dead or even seriously injured- as Formula One came very close to having its own 1955 Le Mans disaster. As it was, Pironi seemed poised to run away with the title, but his quest was ended prematurely at the next race in Germany. During a wet qualifying session, Pironi plowed into the back of Prost's Renault. The Ferrari was launched into the air in an eerily similar accident to the one that killed Villeneuve. Pironi was not thrown from the car, but suffered career-ending leg injuries. Pironi's crash was so bad that FIA doctor Sid Watkins had considered amputating Pironi's legs to remove him from the wrecked Ferrari, which never happened. Ferrari chose to compete in the next day's race, and Patrick Tambay (who Ferrari had picked to replace Villeneuve) took a sombre win after Piquet crashed out of the lead while lapping Eliseo Salazar (Piquet famously punched Salazar for his trouble). The Austrian Grand Prix at the Österreichring, the fastest Grand Prix circuit of the year was next, and this was perhaps the most exciting race of the season: all the turbo cars eventually fell out or hit trouble, and Prost, still in contention for the championship was dealt a serious blow to his championship hopes when his car suffered turbo failure 5 laps from the end. The race then ended up being an exciting sprint for the finish between Rosberg and Italian Lotus driver Elio de Angelis. De Angelis beat Rosberg to the line by half a car's length. The Swiss Grand Prix, held at the Dijon-Prenois circuit in France, not Switzerland (where motor racing is banned) saw Rosberg win and took the lead in the championship after being held up by de Cesaris in the Alfa and catching Prost who suffered yet more mechanical troubles with his car; this was perhaps the fatal blow for the hapless Frenchman's championship hopes. The Italian Grand Prix was won by Prost's hated teammate Arnoux and the two Ferraris of Tambay and American Mario Andretti finished 2nd and 3rd; John Watson still remained in contention for the championship title with Rosberg going into the final race in Las Vegas.

Suddenly, Rosberg (who had scored zero points the previous season) was leading the championship going into the final round at Las Vegas. He finished 5th in this race, while Watson finished 2nd; but even this was not enough to overhaul Rosberg's 44 point tally. Michele Alboreto took his first of 5 career F1 wins there at Vegas; he was the 11th different winner that season; a record that has yet to be broken in Formula One.

1983 Formula One World Championship

The 1983 Formula One season was the 34th of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

1984 Formula One World Championship

The 1984 Formula One season was the 35th of the championship. The champion was Niki Lauda in a close battle.


1985 Formula One World Championship

The 1985 Formula One season was the 36th of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost in a close battle.

1986 Formula One World Championship

The 1986 Formula One season was the 37th of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost, who had won the championship after a very tight title fight between Williams' Nigel Mansell. The 1986 season started on March 23, and ended on October 26 after sixteen races.

This was the first year that turbocharged engines were required. Formula One had banned naturally aspirated (atmospheric) engines. Until the planned engine change in 2014, this was the only year where turbochargers were required. The ban on atmospheric engines was lifted in 1987. In 1989, all forced induction engines (turbochargers or supercharge) were banned.


1987 Formula One World Championship

The 1987 Formula One season was the 38th of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

1988 Formula One World Championship

The 1988 Formula One season was the 39th of the championship. The champion was Ayrton Senna in a close battle.

The following drivers and constructors competed in the 1988 season


1989 Formula One World Championship

The 1989 Formula One season was the 40th of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost in a close battle.

Lamar, Texas

Lamar is a small community in Aransas County, Texas, ten miles north of Rockport and forty miles north of Corpus Christi. Like the (otherwise unconnected) Lamar County it was named for Mirabeau B. Lamar, the second president of the Republic of Texas.

Qi Yuwu

Qi Yuwu (Chinese: 戚玉武; pinyin: Qī Yùwǔ; born November 28, 1976) is a television and movie actor. Qi was born in Guangzhou, China. He grew up in Singapore.

Qi was a Physical Education major graduate. He was the winner the "China Round" of Asian Star Search 1999, Singapore's regional talent search contest. He also won "Mr. Personality". Before signing to MediaCorp Studios, he was a model. He had also played the lead part in a Guangzhou television serial.

In 2004, 2005 and 2006, Qi was selected as one of the "Top 10 Most Popular Male Artists" on the annual Star Awards. He was also nominated for the "Best Actor" award in Star Awards 2004 for the drama series, "Room In My Heart" and Star Awards 2006 for the drama series, "C.I.D".

In 2006, he was expected to win the Best Actor award for his acting in "C.I.D" but he lost out to long-time actor Li Nanxing. After which, Li Nan Xing said that he was he did not think that he would win because he had been watching "C.I.D" and though Qi's acting was better.

A natural actor, Yuwu was cast with regional actors in his first television series, "Master Swordsman Lu Xiao Feng". This was followed by "Dare To Strike", another blockbuster co-production with Hong Kong actors.

Though being new in the movie industry, he already has many fans and an official fan club. He was the first MediaCorp star to start a successful movie career.

His notable roles were in "My Genie" as Zhang Tai Ping, "The Champion" as Lu Kai Wei, "C.I.D" as Tang Si Wei and "The Peak" as Chen Tian Jun.

In 2007, Qi starred in the movies "The Leap Years" (also called "Leap of Love") with Wong Lilin, Ananda Everingham and Joan Chen; "The Home Song Stories", again with Joan Chen; and "881" by Royston Tan, with Yeo Yann Yann. He also made a guest appearance in the movie "Protege", acting with Louis Khoo and Daniel Wu.

He has said in an interview that he will be doing more movies in 2008 and will take a break from television work.

Nigel Barker

Nigel Barker (born April 27, 1972 in London, England) is a fashion photographer most popular for being on America's Next Top Model since Cycle 2. He is still a judge and the 2nd main judge (only after Tyra Banks). Barker is a married man.

Barker has been a judge on television show America's Next Top Model since Cycle 2, which premiered in 2004. He is a permanent judge. He is memorably known for being offended by several contestants, especially winners.

Barker was offended by contestant CariDee English when she made a joke that he had stuck a stick inside his anus. English later apologized to Barker during judging, having written a letter that she read out. Barker forgave her but still made her enter the bottom two to teach her a lesson.

Barker was supportive of Saleisha Stowers, a contestant that eventually became the winner. Stowers dated Barker so that he would put in good words for her in front of Tyra. Sometime another week was shown that Barker blinked at Stowers, which also make Stowers having a seducing action.

Simpleton

Simpleton may refer to:


Comedy drama

Comedy drama, also called dramedy, is a style of television and movies when there are similar amounts of both humor and seriousness. 

Traditional theatre was separated from its earliest days into comedy and tragedy. Authors such as Anton Chekov and George Bernard Shaw famously blurred the line between comedy and drama.

In live theatre the difference between comedy and tragedy became less and less significant, in mass media, comedy and drama were clearly separated. Comedies, especially, were meant to only have jokes and not any serious content.

By the early 1960s, television had started to present half-hour long "comedy" series, or one hour long "dramas." Half-hour series were mostly situation comedy or family comedy. One hour dramas could have detective series, westerns and science fiction.

A drama-comedy today is usually an hour-long dramatic series with funny jokes such as "Moonlighting", "Northern Exposure", "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Eureka", "Life on Mars", "House", "Desperate Housewives", "Charmed", "Popular", "Skins", "Monk", "Psych", "Gilmore Girls", "The O.C.", "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", "Ally McBeal", "Ugly Betty", "Brothers & Sisters", "Grey's Anatomy" or "Boston Legal".


Petronas Towers

The Petronas Towers are two very tall skyscrapers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They were the tallest buildings in the world until 2004, but still remain the tallest twin buildings. Each tower has 88 floors and they are connected by a sky-bridge between the 41st and 42nd floors. It is a commercial office building.

Ponce, Puerto Rico

Ponce is the second largest city in Puerto Rico outside of the San Juan metropolitan area. It is in the southern part of the island. 186,475 people live there. It is also called "La Perla del Sur" (The Pearl of the South) and "La Ciudad Señorial de Puerto Rico" (Majestic city of Puerto Rico). Its actual mayor is Dr. Luis M. Irizarry Pabón (PPD).
The city of Ponce was founded in 1692 by Spanish people who lived near the Jacaguas river. The city was named after Juan Ponce de León y Loayza, the grandson of Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León.


Global Positioning System

A Global Positioning System, also known as GPS, is a system of satellites designed to help navigate on the Earth, in the air, and on water.

A GPS receiver shows where it is. It may also show how fast it is moving, which direction it is going, how high it is, and maybe how fast it is going up or down. Many GPS receivers have information about places. GPSs for automobiles have travel data like road maps, hotels, restaurants, and service stations. GPSs for boats contain nautical charts of harbors, marinas, shallow water, rocks, and waterways. Other GPS receivers are made for air navigation, hiking and backpacking, bicycling, or many other activities. The majority are in smartphones. 

Most GPS receivers can record where they have been, and help plan a journey. While traveling a planned journey, it predicts the time to the next destination.

A GPS unit takes radio signals from satellites in space in orbit around the Earth. There are 31 satellites which are above the Earth. The orbital period is 11 hours and 58 minutes. Each circle is radius due to the Earth's radius. Far from the North Pole and South Pole, a GPS unit can receive signals from 6 to 12 satellites at once. Each satellite contains an atomic clock which is carefully set by NORAD several times every day.

The radio signals contain information about the time and position of the satellite, including its ephemeris. The GPS receiver subtracts the current time from the time the signal was sent. The difference is how long ago the signal was sent. The time difference multiplied by the speed of light is the distance to the satellite. The GPS unit uses trigonometry to calculate where it is from each satellite's position and distance. Usually there must be at least four satellites to solve the geometric equations. A GPS receiver can calculate its position many times in one second. 

Many inexpensive consumer receivers are accurate to almost anywhere on the Earth.

A GPS unit can usually also calculate its current speed. Cheap ones like in a mobile phone do this by comparing present position with recent position. Expensive ones like in an airliner use the Doppler effect and are very accurate.

Various radio navigation systems have been in use since the middle 20th century. In the 1960s, experiments put the radio transmitters in satellites. A new system, at first called Navstar, was designed in the 1970s by the United States Air Force. It became GPS and was only used by the U.S. military. In 1983 President Ronald Reagan made an order to allow anyone to use the system, though it was yet too small to be very useful. The highest precision signal was encrypted and only the armed forces were allowed to use it, but in the 1990s it was temporarily decrypted and this was made permanent at the turn of the century. 

Some GPS receivers are separate units with their own power and display. Those were the majority in the 20th century. Military receivers then displayed only the geographic coordinates, or some had no display but only gave the coordinates to another machine. 

Now, the majority of GPS receivers are part of mobile phones, and many are built into wristwatches, cars and other devices. The GPS part of a mobile phone is small and usually poor, but the phone also uses mobile base stations and Wi-Fi signals to help. This is called aGPS or "augmented GPS".

There are other systems that act in the same way. One was put in space by Russia, called GLONASS. Another that is not yet done is named for Galileo and built by the European Union.

Transmitter

In electronics, a transmitter is a device which sends signals using radio waves.

The transmitter converts direct current (DC) into alternating current (AC) at the desired frequency. Most transmitters use a quartz crystal to set the frequency of the resulting carrier wave. A modulator modifies the carrier wave, by frequency modulation or amplitude modulation or some other kind, to include the information needed, such as an audio or video signal. The modified waves are sent by an antenna to another antenna at the receiver which extracts the information from the waves.



Layla

Layla is a song by Derek and the Dominos. The song first appeared on the album "Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs". This song clocks in at 7 minutes and 4 seconds, and it is split into two sections. The first section has the unmistakable guitar riff, which has two parts to it. The first part is played on a Brownie guitar by Eric Clapton. The next part that comes in is played on a Gibson Les Paul by Duane Allman. Clapton also sings the lead vocals. Bobby Whitlock sings the backup vocals, and he plays the keyboard. Carl Radle plays the bass, and Jim Gordon plays the drums. He plays the piano part in the second segment, and Allman plays the slide guitar during the piano exit part. Eric Clapton plays the acoustic guitar, which augments the piano. While Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" builds from a quiet introduction to a hard rock finale, "Layla" does pretty much the opposite. The "bird call" sound at the end of the song is made by Allman on the slide guitar.

This song was dedicated to Pattie Boyd, who was already married to George Harrison. The lyrics have something to do with unrequited love. The song was also named after a fictional character in a movie.

Auto

Auto is a contraction (the word is made smaller). It can mean:


Audit

An audit is an evaluation or examination of something by a person or group of people. They can be made to a person, to a company, to buildings, to systems, to documents and many other things that are used by people. 

Audits are made to check something, like a person is paying their taxes correctly or that a document is correct. 

The most common type of audit are the audits performed on companies and their financial statements, a type of document. In business, many companies inform and report their operations, their money, and their income in financial statements to many people for many reasons. They inform people like banks, governments, investors, and the public, for reasons like getting a loan, paying taxes, getting investments, and improving their public image.

In the aspect of the World Wide Web, Website Audit refers to the comprehensive analysis of a website's content, structure, and functionality to ensure optimal performance and adherence to standards. It involves evaluating factors like SEO, usability, and content quality. Website Audit Tools are software or services utilized to automate and facilitate this process, offering insights into issues, strengths, and areas of improvement for a website's overall health and effectiveness.

Financial statements

In business, a financial statement is an organized document that has financial information, like income and transactions, of a person, company, government, or organization. They are used by these people and organizations to make decisions on the subject (the person or organizations who the financial statement is about), like whether or not to invest in a company and at what price.

A financial statement can be written in many forms, but in most countries there are four (4) basic financial statements that are standard. They are:

A Statement of Financial Position (Balance Sheet) is a financial statement that includes everything the business owns (called assets) and the business owes (called liabilities, which also include debts) as at a particular date. The amount the business owes to its owner is called equity (also represents the amount of investment of the owner into the business). 

For a private individual (a person not in business), an asset may be their house or car, and their liability may be their mortgage and credit cards. 

The Statement of Financial Position is a snapshot of the financial health of a business at specific dates. 

A Statement of Profit or Loss (or Income Statement) shows the profit or loss made during the year by taking into consideration the revenues generated during the year (whether payment is received or not) less any costs incurred during the year (whether such costs have been settled or not).

A statement of owner's equity shows the movement of the owner's investment in the business. In the case of a company, this separates the investment amount from the amounts included in Capital and Revenue Reserves. 

A Statement of Cash Flows is a financial statement that shows the transactions involving cash during the year categorized by Operating, Investing and Financing Activities, thus explaining the movement in Cash and Cash Equivalents during the year.

Benson &amp; Hedges

Benson and Hedges were a cigarette manufacturer. The company were bought by the Gallaher Group The name became a brand of the Gallagher. The brand sponsored Formula One racing teams for many years.

In April 2007 Japan Tobacco bought the Gallaher Group.

Royal Warrant

Royal warrants of appointment are given by members of the British Royal Family to companies and other people who supply them with goods.

The warrant does not mean that the things are the best, only that the Royal family has been buying then for at least five years.

Only three members of the Royal Family issue warrants now. They are

The Queen Mother also issued royal warrants. They were all expired in 2007, five years after her death

Many royal families in Europe issued similar awards, Sweden still does, but they are for supplying the "Royal Swedish Court" , that is the royal palace rather than a named member of the royal family.


Antonio de Cabezón

Antonio de Cabezón (born Castrillo de Matajudios, near Burgos, Spain, 1510; died Madrid, 26 March, 1566) was a Spanish composer and organist of the Renaissance. He was blind from early childhood. He is best known for the music he composed for the organ.

His parents came from noble families and owned a lot of land. He probably had his first organ lessons at the local church. Then he had more music lessons in Palencia. He probably had organ lessons from the cathedral organist. He never had an official job at the cathedral, but he must have been an excellent student, and his teachers, who had a lot of influence, recommended him to the royal family. In 1526 he became organist to Queen Isabella and played at the Spanish chamber concerts of King Charles V of Spain.

About 1538 he married the daughter of a rich family and he went to live in Avila where his wife came from. They had five children who had important positions at the royal court when they grew up.

After Queen Isabella died he spent all his time working for Prince Philip, who became Philip II. King Philip thought he was the world’s greatest artist except for the painter Titian. He often travelled with the king to countries such as Italy, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. He influenced many European composers that he met, and they influenced him. When the king moved to Madrid and made it the capital of Spain, Cabezón went there too. He stayed there until his death.

Cabezón was one of the greatest composers of his time. He was good at writing music which sounded just right for the organ and the clavichord. He used the techniques of other composers of his time, but added some very special effects. Instead of just putting in a lot of ornamentation to make the music interesting, he enjoyed creating tension between harmony and melody.

He wrote "diferencias" (sets of variations) which use Spanish tunes which were often dances such as the folia, pavan and galliard. Many of his organ compositions are called " glosas ". Each one has something very special to say.

Glosa

Glosa is a term that was often used by Spanish musicians in the 16th century to mean: a piece of music which was similar to a set of variations. Composers at that time often wrote collections of glosas. The term is related to the word “gloss”. They were comparing it to gloss (ornamentation) that a poet might put on his poem. They were often on religious themes.

Antonio de Cabezón was an important composer of glosas.

Glosa was also used by Spanish musicians to mean: musical ornamentation. This is the meaning in the title of a famous book of music for viola da gamba and harpsichord by Diego Ortiz called "Trattado de glosas" (1553).

Real property

Real property is a type of property that includes land and buildings and infrastructure in land. It is one of two types of property that one can own, and the other is personal property.

Residential real estate may contain either a single family or multifamily structure that is available for occupation or for non-business purposes.

Real estate is different from personal property, which is not permanently attached to the land, such as vehicles, boats, jewelry, furniture, tools and the rolling stock of a farm.

15 Eunomia

15 Eunomia is a very big asteroid in the closer part of the main asteroid belt. It is the biggest of the stony (S-type) asteroids, and somewhere between the 8th to 12th biggest Main Belt asteroid overall (unsure diameters make its ranking unsure). It is also the biggest member of the Eunomia family of asteroids.

Eunomia was found by Annibale de Gasparis on July 29, 1851 and named after Eunomia, one of the Horae (Hours), a personification of order and law in Greek mythology.

As the biggest S-type asteroid (with 3 Juno being a very close second), Eunomia has attracted a moderate amount of scientific attention. It has a bit over one percent of the mass of the entire main belt.

Eunomia appears to be a stretched but fairly round body, with what appear to be four sides of differing curvature and noticeably different average compositions. Its stretched shape led to the suggestion that Eunomia may be a binary object. However, this has been denied. It is a retrograde rotator with its pole pointing towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-65°, 2°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 165°.

Like other true members of the family, its surface is made up of silicates and some nickel-iron, and is quite bright. Calcium-rich pyroxenes and olivine, along with nickel-iron metal have been detected on Eunomia's surface. Spectroscopic studies suggest that Eunomia has regions made up differently.

Eunomia has been seen occulting stars three times. It has a mean opposition magnitude of +8.5, about equal to the mean brightness of Titan and can reach +7.9 at a near perihelion opposition.


16 Psyche

16 Psyche is a very big Main belt asteroid, well over 200 kilometers in diameter, and likely the biggest of the metallic M-type asteroids. It is estimated to have 0.6 percent of the mass of the entire asteroid belt.

This asteroid was found by Annibale de Gasparis on March 17, 1852 from Naples and named after the Greek nymph Psyche. The first fifteen asteroids to be found were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation. In 1851, however, J. F. Encke suggested using a circled number. 16 Psyche was the first new asteroid to be found that was designated with this scheme (in 1852 by J. Ferguson).

Radar
observations indicate that it is made of iron-nickel. Psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body. Unlike some other M-type asteroids, Psyche shows no sign of the presence of water or water-bearing minerals on its surface, consistent with its interpretation as a metallic body. Small amounts of pyroxene appear to be present.

If Psyche is the core remnant of a bigger parent body, we might expect other asteroids on similar orbits. Psyche does not belong to any asteroid family. One theory is that the collision occurred very early in the solar system's history, and all the other remnants have since been ground into fragments by subsequent collisions or had their orbits perturbed beyond recognition.

Psyche is massive enough that its perturbations on other asteroids can be measured, which enables a mass measurement. Its density is fairly low for metal (although fairly common for asteroids as such), indicating a fairly high porosity of 30–40%.

Psyche appears to have a fairly round surface and is approximately ellipsoidal in shape. Recent lightcurve analysis indicates that its pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-9°, 35°) or (β, λ) = (-2°, 215°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of 95°.

Two stellar occultations by Psyche have been seen (from Mexico on March 22, 2002, and another on May 16, 2002). Lightcurve changes indicate a non-spherical body, consistent with the lightcurve and radar results.


Cancún

Cancún (pronounced as ) is a coastal city in Mexico's easternmost state, Quintana Roo, on the Yucatán Peninsula. About 573,000 people live in Cancún, but over 4,000,000 tourists visit Cancún every year on vacation. At present it is, with Acapulco, the Mexican resort best known in the world.

The resort is entirely artificial: few lived here before 1970. The first hotels were funded by the government. February to May is wonderful weather most of the time, and there are stunning white sand beaches. Even the sea is warm. There is now an airport, and bus connections to the rest of the Yucatán. The Yucatán has many Mayan sites, and some villages which are still mostly Mayan.

Norman, Oklahoma

Norman, is the county seat and largest city in Cleveland County in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area. Norman is about 20 miles south of Oklahoma City. James Garner and Toby Keith are from Norman. The University of Oklahoma is in Norman. Norman was founded in 1889 by Abner Norman. In 2008, "Money Magazine" said Norman was a very good place to live. Norman has one small airport and a railroad station.


Mid-Atlantic States

The Mid-Atlantic States (also called "Middle Atlantic States" or simply "Middle East") is a region in the Northeastern United States and form one of the nine geographic divisions within the United States that are officially recognized by the United States Census Bureau. The division consists of three states: New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. This definition corresponds with the region's traditional definition as the section of the Atlantic Seaboard between New England and the South. However, many people consider the Mid-Atlantic to be the states south of the Northeast, centered in Delaware, Maryland.

The traditional Mid-Atlantic States comprise the most densely-populated of the nine U.S. regions, and anchor the megalopolis which runs from Boston to Washington, D.C.. The southeastern part of New York State, eastern Pennsylvania, and all of New Jersey combine to form the bulk of the "moral region" of the Metropolis, according to socio-political geographers James Patterson and Peter Kim, co-authors of the 1991 book "The Day America Told The Truth". (Metropolis begins in the southern Connecticut suburbs of New York City and stretches along the Eastern seaboard to the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C.). The book classifies the remainder of New York State and Pennsylvania in the Rust Belt.


Landfall (meteorology)

Landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves from being over water to being over land. When a tornadic waterspout makes landfall it can be called a tornado, and can cause damage to buildings and other things made by people. When a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly spreads out and loses its energy; the water falls as rain.

A tropical cyclone is said to make landfall when its center moves over land; in tropical cyclones this can be when the eye moves over land. This is where most of the damage occurs because when the storm is over water there is a little chance of damage, except if the parts of the storm that are raining are over land, which can cause severe flooding especially when the system is moving slowly or not at all. The effects of landfall are:

Together with the high surf, these can cause a lot of beach erosion. In low lying areas the storm surge can stay inland for a long time and mix with chemicals already in the area to create a toxic mess. When a tropical cyclone makes landfall, the eye "closes", surf gets less, and winds get less as the cyclone spreads out, losing energy. Damage inland may include flooding rains, gusty winds, and severe weather associated with the cyclone's remnant thunderstorms.

A "landfall" should not be confused with a "direct hit", which happens when the core of high winds (or eyewall) comes over the land but the center of the storm stays over water. The effects of this are similar but storm surges can be much less. These effects are:

Freeport, Texas

Freeport is a city in Brazoria County, Texas within the Houston – Sugar Land – Baytown Metropolitan Area in Southeast Texas. As of the 2020 U.S. census, the city population was 10,696. Freeport is about sixteen miles from Angleton.

Dow Chemical is the major employer in Freeport, as the company operates a large chemical plant complex in Freeport.


San Luis Pass

San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south-western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S. state of Texas. It connects the sheltered waters of West Bay to the open Gulf of Mexico.

There are also two mountain passes of the same name in the USA:


Lincoln

Lincoln often refers to Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States. It may also mean:

People:

Places:

Other things

Movies

19 Fortuna

19 Fortuna is one of the biggest main belt asteroids. It is made up of stuff similar to 1 Ceres: a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered and made up of primitive organic compounds, including tholins.

Fortuna is 225 km in diameter and has one of the darkest known geometric albedos for an asteroid over 150 km in diameter. Its albedo has been measured at 0.028 and 0.037.

The Hubble Space Telescope saw Fortuna in 1993. It was resolved with an apparent diameter of 0.20 arcseconds (4.5 pixels in the Planetary Camera) and its shape was found to be nearly spherical. Moons were searched for but none were detected.

Stellar occultations by Fortuna have been seen several times.

It was found by J. R. Hind on August 22, 1852 and named after Fortuna, the Roman goddess of luck.


20 Massalia

20 Massalia is a big and fairly bright Main belt asteroid. It is also the biggest member of the Massalia family of asteroids.

Massalia is an S-type asteroid. It orbits at very low inclination in the intermediate main belt, and is by far the biggest asteroid in the Massalia family. The remaining family members are pieces blown off by a cratering event on Massalia 

Massalia has an above-average density for S-type asteroids, similar to the density of silicate rocks. As such, it appears to be a solid un-fractured body, which is rare among asteroids of its size. Apart from the few biggest bodies over 400 km in diameter, such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta, most asteroids appear to have been fractured a lot.

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Massalia's pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (45°, 10°) or (β, λ) = (45°, 190°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of 45°in both cases. The shape reconstruction from lightcurves has been described as quite spherical with large planar, nonconvex parts of the surface.

Massalia was found by A. de Gasparis on September 19, 1852, and also found independently the next night by J. Chacornac. It was Chacornac's discovery that was announced first.

"Massalia" is the Greek name for Marseille, where Chacornac made his discovery (de Gasparis was observing from Naples).


22 Kalliope

22 Kalliope is a big main belt asteroid of the M-type, found by J. R. Hind on November 16, 1852. It is named after Calliope, the Greek Muse of epic poetry.

Kalliope is about 180 km in diameter but is not perfectly round, as shown by images from the VLT at the European Southern Observatory 

Its spectrum is M-type, but Kalliope does not appear to be metallic. It is similar to other M-types such as 21 Lutetia. Firstly, its density is far too low to be metal. Second, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, so the surface is probably stony. Kalliope also has a low radar albedo, unlike most metallic surfaces.

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-23°, 20°) with a 10° uncertainty, which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103°. Kalliope's rotation is then a bit retrograde.

Kalliope has one known moon, Linus, or (22) Kalliope I Linus. It is quite big: 30–40 km in diameter. It orbits about 1065 km from Kalliope. This is about 12 times the radius of Kalliope. Linus was found on August 29, 2001 by Jean-Luc Margot and Michael E. Brown, while another team also independently found the moon 3 days later.


IPod touch

The iPod touch is a media player created and sold by Apple Inc. The public first saw it at an Apple meeting called "The Beat Goes On" on September 5, 2007. The iPod touch was famous for its touch screen. It has internet access with YouTube and the iTunes store. Apple sold it with either 8 GB, 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB of storage.

The iPod touch can see the last ten songs played in a Starbucks café through Wi-Fi within the location of the iPod. The user can download tracks from the online iTunes music store with an iPod touch. This feature is to be offered in some Starbucks stores in the US. Right now, there are no plans to expand its Wi-Fi iTunes stores in any other country than the United States.

The iPod touch's touchscreen ability is the same as the iPhone's. Like the iPhone, the iPod touch also has a physical home button separate from the touch screen. The home screen includes a headphone set, an alarm clock and also a list of buttons corresponding to the available applications: Music, Videos, Photos, and iTunes on the bottom button row. Safari, Calendar, Contacts, Clock, Calculator, and Settings are at the top. The iPod touch is also sold with 28 wallpaper photos, some of which are figures from the iPod advertisements.

As of September 9, 2014, when iPod Classic was discontinued, iPod Shuffle, iPod Nano and iPod Touch were the only ones still manufactured. The iPod touch is the only remaining iPod still being manufactured as of July 27, 2017, when the iPod nano and iPod shuffle were discontinued. Apple concluded the iPod touch on May 10, 2022. However, the iPod touch was still available at Apple's online store while supplies lasted.


Before October 12, 2011, when the iPod touch is taken out of the box for the first time, it needs to be connected to a computer for it to start. When it's first turned on, iTunes must be installed on either a macOS or Microsoft Windows operating system computer for programming the iPod touch. On either operating system, the iPod touch needs a USB 2.0 port on the computer to connect. When the iPod is first turned on it needs data communications with iTunes, and will always show the "cable to iTunes" picture until it senses iTunes.

However, after October 12, 2011, new iPods that were bought will have iOS 5 installed and that means users can set up the iPod wirelessly, without connecting it to a computer. It also means that users do not have to connect their iPod to a computer in order to sync and back up data. All of this will be done through Apple's iCloud service.

The official requirements for the iPod touch are:

The iPod touch is included with Wi-Fi 802.11b/g, and, like the iPhone, has the Safari web browser and YouTube. The iPod's Wi-Fi ability can also be used to buy music from the iTunes Store.

On October 17, 2007, Steve Jobs, gave an open letter posted on Apple's webpage, announced that a software development kit (SDK) for the iPhone would be made ready to third-party developers in February 2008. Because of security concerns and Jobs' praise of Nokia's digital signature system, it is also suggested that Apple will adopt a similar method. The SDK will also apply to the iPod touch. However, end-users have still been able to "jailbreak" the iPod touch in similar methods to the iPhone, allowing the usage of third-party applications created by users. The most popular iPod touch jailbreak method is a website which takes advantage of a TIFF exploit in the iPod touch's web browser to execute the code in order to install the hacks. The site also patches the exploit as well. This method only worked on the 1.1.1 firmware, as 1.1.2 fixed the exploit needed for the installer to work.

During the initial launch of the iPod touch, reviews noted some differences compared to Apple's similar iPhone. One of the primary criticisms of the iPod touch is the absence of the iPhone's email, mapping and stock tracking applications. On January 15, 2008, Steve Jobs announced at his Macworld 2008 keynote that the "January Software Upgrade" for the iPod touch consisted of five new applications: Mail, Maps, Stocks, Notes and Weather. The new Maps feature is similar to that of the iPhone, with new software from Skyhook Wireless that pinpoints the user's location using Wi-Fi. The software upgrade is available for current iPod touch owners via iTunes download for US$19.99.[1] New iPod touch units with 1.1.3 installed (MA623LL/B or MA627LL/B) will also have the software upgrade pre-installed.[2]Customers who purchase an iPod touch with part number MA623LL/A or MA627LL/A must pay the upgrade fee to receive the new applications.

The first reviews of the iPod touch have cited some differences compared to Apple's similar iPhone. In addition to what was previously indicated regarding the differences that were subsequently considered and included in the January 2008 software upgrade, another complaint mentioned that the iPod touch had no physical buttons for volume control - a feature that the iPhone had. The iPod touch instead used software-based controls, which makes users to double click the home button, bringing up an on-screen volume control. The iPod touch also did not have the iPhone's external speakers, built-in camera, and Bluetooth capability, but the 2nd generation onward has external speakers and the Bluetooth capability. The fourth generation, released in September 2010, was the first iPod touch to feature the retina display and two built-in cameras for FaceTime and for videos and still photos. At least one critic has suggested that Apple may have left out these applications and hardware features on purpose in order to differentiate the iPod touch from its more expensive cousin, the iPhone. Others say that the touch does not need the applications mentioned above because it's an "iPod" and not a mobile phone. However, the 2009 model of the iPod touch does feature Bluetooth, but only to link with bluetooth headphones.

By now, the 5th-generation iPod touch mostly has the same functions as the iPhone, but is not quite as powerful, uses an inferior camera, lacks a built-in GPS, and lacks cell phone capabilities. However, it is cheaper than the iPhone, and also thinner, making it more portable.

A number of early iPod touch users have complained that their iPod's screen could not properly display shades of black. The problem has been related to the bad reflective coating on the LCD display and bad quality control. The defect caused the screen to have very narrow optimal viewing angle (hard to look at the screen from the side) and also resulted in "shimmering" blacks. This screen problem was later fixed with the firmware update 1.1.1 although some still complained that the screen still could not properly display certain shades of black. Critics also say that the update simply "alleviates" the screen problem by adjusting contrast settings and does not provide a fix for the screen itself.

The specifications as listed on Apple's website are:



Setting

Setting can mean:

Contact

Contact means to touch physically or to communicate with.

Contact could also mean:





Mac OS X Tiger

Mac OS X Tiger (version 10.4) is the fifth major release of Apple's Mac OS X. It was released on April 29, 2005.


Notre-Dame de Paris

Notre Dame is a very old cathedral in Paris, France. It is one of France's most famous landmarks and many people visit it each year. The cathedral is on a small island on the River Seine. It is the cathedral of the Catholic Archdiocese of Paris, one of 23 archdioceses in France. The cathedral was built during two centuries. It is a very good example of Gothic Architecture in France. At the time it was finished, the cathedral was the biggest such building in Western Europe. Between 1844 and 1864, the building was renovated under the direction of Eugène Viollet-le-Duc, who incorporated elements into the design that the medieval building had not possessed before. The two rose windows which ornate the transept are among the biggest in Europe: each has a diameter of 13m.

The bronze plate in the parvis before the cathedral is the origin of all road distances in France calculated from Paris. The national geographic institute in France uses the building as a benchmark. The coordinates and altitude for this point are known precisely.

Victor Hugo wrote a famous story called 'Notre-Dame de Paris'. The story takes place around the cathedral. The English title is 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame', and it has also been made into movies.

Tradition has it that Notre-Dame’s first stone was laid in 1163 in the presence of Pope Alexander III.

On May 21, 2013 French historian Dominique Venner committed suicide at Notre Dame de Paris because of his beliefs for gay rights. About 1,500 people were evacuated from the cathedral.

<br>

On 15 April 2019, smoke and flames were sighted and the Cathedral was declared to be on fire. The fire burnt for over half a day and caused massive damage. Most works of art in the cathedral could be saved. The French government announced that the damage would be repaired and the cathedral would be rebuilt.

Stand Up for Love

"Stand Up for Love" was the first single from Destiny's Child's greatest hits album, "1's". Released in 2005, the single became Destiny's Child's first single to fail to chart in the United States. The song was the final Destiny's Child single, although another new song from the album, "Check on It" (a solo Beyoncé Knowles song) was released.


Survivor (song)

"Survivor," Destiny's Child's signature song, is an R&B song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Anthony Dent, and Mathew Knowles for Destiny's Child's third studio album "Survivor" (2001). It was produced by Beyoncé and Dent, and was released as the album's first single in early 2001. The song reached number one in Ireland, Norway, and the United Kingdom, and entered the top 10 of the majority of the charts it appeared on, making it one of Destiny's Child most successful single releases. The song also won a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.

Erich Honecker

Erich Ernst Paul Honecker (25 August 1912 – 29 May 1994) was an East German Communist politician who led the German Democratic Republic from 1971 until 1989.

After German re-unification, he went to the Soviet Union but was sent back by the new Russian government to Germany, where he was imprisoned and tried for high treason and crimes committed during the Cold War. However, as he was dying of liver cancer, he was released from prison. He died in exile in Chile about a year and a half later.

Honecker was born in Neunkirchen, nowadays Saarland. He had two brothers and three sisters.

He joined the Young Communist League of Germany (KJVD), the youth section of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), in 1926 and joined the KPD itself in 1929. Between 1928 and 1930 he worked as a roofer, but did not finish his apprenticeship. Thereafter he was sent to Moscow to study at the International Lenin School and for the rest of his life remained a full-time politician.

He returned to Germany in 1931 and was arrested in 1935 after the Nazis had come to power ("Machtübernahme"). In 1937, he was sentenced to ten years for Communist activities and remained in captivity until the end of World War II. At the end of the war, Honecker started working for the communist party again under leader Walter Ulbricht. In 1946, he became one of the first members of the new Socialist Unity Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands", SED), made up of the old KPD and the Social Democrats of eastern Germany.

He was a member of the parliament in the Soviet Occupied Zone after the elections of October 1946. The German Democratic Republic was created on 7 October 1949. Its constitution set up a system of government like the Soviet Union's. Honecker became a candidate member of the secretariat of the Central Committee in 1950 and full member in 1958.

In 1961, Honecker was in charge of the building of the Berlin Wall. In 1971, he started a political power struggle. The Soviet's supported him, so Honecker became the new leader, or "General Secretary", of the Socialist Unity Party, replacing Walter Ulbricht. In 1976, he also became Chairman of the Council of State ("Staatsratsvorsitzender").

Under Honecker there was a big improvement in living standards, even though the GDR had the highest standard of living in the Eastern bloc countries. More consumer goods were made available and new house-building was speeded up.

Although Honecker was more caring to the people about goods and housing he did not allow criticism of the government. The most obvious way this was shown was the Berlin Wall. About 125 East German citizens were killed during this period while trying to cross the border into West Berlin.

In foreign relations, Honecker would never allow a unified Germany. He was very loyal to the USSR, but accepted détente (that is, becoming friendlier to western countries). Under his government East Germany even became friendlier to West Germany. In September 1987, he became the first East German head of state to visit West Germany.

In the late 1980s Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced glasnost and perestroika, reforms to liberalize communism. Honecker and the East German government, however, refused to implement similar reforms in the DDR. As the reform movement spread across Central and Eastern Europe there were demonstrations against the East German government. The biggest were the 1989 Monday demonstrations in the city of Leipzig. The other leaders of the DDR decided to get rid of Honecker, and forced him to resign on 18 October 1989. Egon Krenz took over instead.

After the German reunification Honecker stayed in a Soviet military hospital near Berlin. Then he fled to Moscow with his wife, to avoid prosecution over charges of Cold War crimes. The German government said he should be prosecuted because 192 East Germans died trying to leave East Germany. After the Soviet Union broke up in December 1991, Honecker went to the Chilean embassy in Moscow, but was sent back by Boris Yeltsin's government in 1992. The trial started in early 1993, but Honecker was released due to ill health and on 13 January of that year moved to Chile to live with his daughter Sonja, her Chilean husband Leo Yáñez, and their son Roberto. He died of liver cancer in Santiago, Chile on 29 May 1994.

Honecker married Edith Baumann in 1950 and divorced her in 1953. They had a daughter, Erika (b. 1950). In 1953 he married Margot Feist and they remained married until his death. They had a daughter, Sonja, born in 1952. Margot Honecker was the Minister for National Education in East Germany.


Honecker's autobiography "Aus meinem Leben" is translated into English as "From my life".
New York : Pergamon, 1981. 


List of current heads of state and government

This page lists the national rulers in the world. They are heads of state and heads of government.

In some cases they are de facto leaders not occupying either of those positions or prime ministers who are not heads of government. 195 states (193 UN members + Vatican City + Taiwan) are the basic list.

Also there are leaders of 10 other national entities (quasi and unrecognized states, and of 7 in exile and/or alternative governments (only in exile governments that exercised power or succeeded governments that exercised power).

For local rulers, for example rulers of dependencies and of the main administrative divisions, such as autonomous regions, insular or peninsular regions, successors of historical regions or regions with strong identity, regions in the news, etc.) see List of the main local rulers.

!width=200pt|State
!Head of state
!Head of government
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row" rowspan="4"|
!scope="row"|Presidency
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|

Notre Dame

Notre Dame in French is the name give to a number of religious buildings, consecrated to the Virgin Mary. it was burned in the 2019 Notre Dame fire


Contact lens

A contact lens is a type of lens that are put directly onto the eye in order to help people see better. They are a different option instead of glasses. They have to be prescribed by an eye doctor. Some contact lenses can be used many times, while other types are disposable products used only once and then thrown away.


Chara (singer)

Chara (born as Miwa Watabiki, on January 13, 1968) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician and actress. She began performing in 1991. "Swallowtail Butterfly - あいのうた" is one of her popular songs.

Chara grew up in Kawaguchi, Saitama. She started learning the piano from age four, and starting composing songs in elementary school.


Notre-Dame de Reims

Notre Dame de Reims is a cathedral in Reims. It was built in the 13th century. It is not as old as Notre-Dame de Paris or Notre-Dame de Chartres. The building process started in 1211. Most of the works were done in 1275. It was built before the Cathedrals of Strasbourg, Amiens and Beauvais, which are also called Notre Dame.

The cathedral is one of the best examples of Gothic architecture. It has been a World Heritage Site since 1991. In 2006, about 1.5 million people visited it.

The Kings of France were crowned in this cathedral. The last coronation ceremony was that of Charles X of France in 1825.

Bayeux Cathedral

Bayeux Cathedral, also called the Cathedral of Our Lady of Bayeux (), is a cathedral. It is in Bayeux, in Normandy. The current cathedral was consecrated on July 14, 1077. It is part of a larger complex, a bishop's palace. It was built as a replacement for an earlier church which dated from the Merovingian era. It was here that Harold Godwinson swore an oath that later led to the Norman Conquest.


1131

1131 was a common year.



1118

1118 was a common year.





1107

Year 1107 (MCVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1030

1030 (MXXX) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the thirtieth year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.





Coelurosauria

Coelurosauria is the clade containing all theropod dinosaurs more closely related to birds than to carnosaurs.

This is a varied group that includes tyrannosaurs, ornithomimosaurs, compsognathids and maniraptors; Maniraptora includes birds, the only descendents of coelurosaurs alive today.

All Paraves discovered so far have been coelurosaurs. It is probable that all coelurosaurs were feathered.

Some diagnostic characteristics of coelurosaurs include elongated arms and well-developed hinge-like ankles (possible rotation of the ankle is reduced, which is helpful during locomotion). These features may be lost or modified by later coelurosaurs (birds, for example).

An increase in the proportion of the brain occupied by the cerebrum seems to have occurred in the Coelurosauria and "continued throughout the evolution of maniraptorans and early birds".

A few fossil traces of the Coelurosauria date back as far as the Upper Triassic. A possible, but not confirmed, example would be the archosaur "Protoavis". What has been found between then and the start of the late Jurassic is fragmentary.

Many nearly complete fossil coelurosaurians are known from the late Jurassic. "Archaeopteryx" is known from Solnhofen limestone at 155-150 million years ago (mya). "Ornitholestes", the troodontid WDC DML 110, "Coelurus fragilis" and "Tanycolagreus topwilsoni" are all known from the Morrison Formation in Wyoming at about 150 mya. "Epidendrosaurus" and "Pedopenna" are known from the Daohugou Beds in China, whose age is still being debated, but may be about 160 Ma or 145 mya.

The wide range of fossils in the late Jurassic and morphological evidence suggests that coelurosaurian differentiation was virtually complete before the end of the Jurassic.

In the early Cretaceous, a superb range of coelurosaurian fossils (including avians) are known from the Yixian Formation in Liaoning. All known theropod dinosaurs from the Yixian Formation are coelurosaurs. Many of the coelurosaurian lineages survived to the end of the Cretaceous period (about 65 Ma) and fossils of some lineages, such as the Tyrannosauroidea, are best known from the late Cretaceous. Most coelurosaur groups became extinct in the K/T extinction event. Only the Neornithes (modern birds) survived, and continued to diversify into the numerous forms found today.

There is consensus among paleontologists that birds are the descendants of coelurosaurs. Birds are classified by most paleontologists as belonging to the subgroup Maniraptora.


Maniraptora

Maniraptors ("hand snatchers") is a clade of coelurosaurian dinosaurs starting in the Jurassic period.

Many paleontologists believe birds evolved from them some 150 or so million years ago. Hence, according to phylogenetic taxonomy, birds are by definition maniraptors, and the other maniraptors are their closest relatives. It is now known, from the Jehol biota, that many or all of this clade had feathers. They are often called dinobirds.

The most primitive (basal) member of the group may be "Ornitholestes", and the most advanced (derived) of the non-bird maniraptors is "Velociraptor" and "Deinonychus".

IEEE 802.1X

IEEE 802.1 is the name for a number of high-level protocols for computer networks. In this context, IEEE 802.1X helps secure such a network. It defines methods to authenticate devices and to authorise the access to certain resources. A dedicated server checks information received from a "supplicant". Depending on the result of the check, access to the given resource is granted or denied. 


Software Development Kit

A software development kit (SDK or "devkit") is usually a set of development tools that allows a software developer to create applications for a certain software package, software framework, hardware platform, computer system, video game console, operating system, or similar platform. 

SDKs vary greatly between a simple application programming interface to hardware used to simulate a system.

Tagged Image File Format

Tagged Image File Format (also known as TIFF) is a container format for storing images, including photographs and line art. It is now under the control of Adobe. Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called "desktop publishing," TIFF is a popular format for color and black and white images. The TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications, by publishing and page layout applications, by scanning, faxing, word processing, optical character recognition and other applications. Adobe Systems, which acquired Aldus, now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification. TIFF has not had a major update since 1992, though several Aldus/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format, and several specifications, including TIFF/EP, have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification.


Ounce

The ounce (abbreviated: oz, the old Italian word "onza", now spelled "oncia") is a unit of mass or of weight in a number of different systems, including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems. Its size can vary from system to system. The most commonly used ounces used today are the international avoirdupois ounce of about 28.35 grams, and the international troy ounce of about 31.1 grams.



Camino (web browser)

Camino was a free, open source web browser, that was designed for the Mac OS X operating system. It was developed by the Camin0 Project, a community organization. It was based on Mozilla's Gecko rendering engine.

Pixels per inch

Pixels per inch (PPI) or pixel density is a measurement of the resolution of a computer display, related to the size of the display in inches and the total number of pixels in the horizontal and vertical directions. This measurement is often referred to as dots per inch, though that measurement more accurately refers to the resolution of a computer printer. PPI may also be used to describe the resolution of an image scanner or digital camera; in this context, it is synonymous with samples per inch.


ARM

An arm is an upper limb of the body.

Arm (or arms) can also mean:


Safari (web browser)

Safari is a web browser developed by Apple Inc. which can be downloaded free of charge. It also comes with a Mac computer. It is based on the WebKit engine, which is a fork of KDE's KHTML engine.

Apple Inc. replaced the previous default web browser, Internet Explorer, with their Safari many years ago. Steve Jobs, the founder of Apple, said that it would be released in Jan 2003. Since then, 15 types of Safari have been made. The newest one was made in Sep 2023 for iOS, iPadOS, and macOS.

Safari has several features. Some are specific to certain operating systems or platforms.
Here is a list of some of Safari's features:

Netscape Navigator

Netscape Navigator (or just Netscape) was a closed source web browser between 1994 to 1998. In 1999, they made it open source. It was first released in 1994. It was very popular during the 1990s until Internet Explorer gained more market share due to Microsoft bundling Internet Explorer with Windows 98. Netscape Communications Navigator Version 0.9B (Mosaic Netscape Navigator 0.9b) was released June 13, 1994 (at dejavu.org/1994win.htm).


List of The Simpsons Treehouse of Horror episodes

This is a list of "Treehouse of Horror" episodes from the animated television series The Simpsons. "Treehouse of Horror" episodes have aired every year since the second season (1990). Each episode has three separate segments. These segments usually involve the family in some horror, science fiction, or supernatural setting. They always take place outside the normal continuity of the show and are therefore considered to be non-canon.

The first "Treehouse of Horror" episode aired on October 25, 1990 and was inspired by EC Comics Horror tales. Before "Treehouse of Horror XI", which aired in 2000, every episode was aired in the week preceding or on October 31; "Treehouse of Horror II" and "Treehouse of Horror X" are the only episodes to air on Halloween. However, due to Fox's current contract with Major League Baseball's World Series, every episode since has aired in November, with the exception of "Treehouse of Horror XX", which aired on October 18, 2009.

From "Treehouse of Horror" to "Treehouse of Horror XIII", all three segments were written by different writers. In some cases there was a fourth writer that wrote the opening and wraparound segments. For "Treehouse of Horror", there were even three different directors for the episode. However, starting with season fifteen's "Treehouse of Horror XIV", only one writer was credited as having written a "Treehouse of Horror" episode, and the trend has continued since.

As of 2019 there are 30 "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, with one airing every year. They are known for being more violent than an average "Simpsons" episode and contain several different trademarks, including the alien characters Kang and Kodos who have appeared in every episode. Quite often the segments will parody well-known films, books, radio shows, and television shows. "The Twilight Zone" has been parodied quite often and has been the inspiration for many segments. The 31st season made a Thanksgiving themed episode named "Thanksgiving of Horror".




English literature

The term English literature means literature written in the English language.

English literature began in Old English with the epic poem Beowulf, which dates from sometime between the 8th to the 11th centuries. It is not written in language people can understand today, but there are several good translations into modern English. It is the most famous work in Old English, despite being set in Scandinavia. The poem is written with no rhymes but with alliteration. The next important landmark is the works of the poet Geoffrey Chaucer (c. 1343–1400), especially "The Canterbury Tales". That is in Middle English 1066 to the middle/late 1400s. Chaucer introduced into English poetry rhyme royal that is a seven-line stanza rhymed ababbcc.

Modern English literature began in 16th century. Thomas Wyatt and Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey wrote first English sonnets. The last-mentioned invented also blank verse. Edmund Spenser wrote "The Faerie Queene", a long epic poem while Philip Sidney wrote a sequence of sonnets Astrophel "and Stella".
The next stage is Thomas Kyd, Christopher Marlowe, Ben Jonson, Shakespeare and John Milton, sometimes described as Early Modern English (1470 to 1650).
William Shakespeare is the author of the most famous sentence written in English: "To be, or not to be, that is the question:". It is the first line of prince Hamlet's monologue from drama "The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark" that was published in 1603.
King James Version of Bible was published in 1611. John Bunyan wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" which is one of the most popular books ever published.
In 18th century first modern novels were written by Daniel Defoe, Jonathan Swift, Laurence Sterne and Horace Walpole.
William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, John Keats,Jane Austen, Emily Brontë, Charles Dickens,Robert Browning, George Eliot, Thomas Hardy, D.H. Lawrence, Virginia Woolf and Ted Hughes are all important English writers in modern English.

T.S. Eliot was perhaps the most important poet in 20th century who wrote in English. His best known work is the poem "The Waste Land" that was published in 1922. Another book by him was "The Four Ouarters". The poet himself regarded it as his best work.

Not all English literature was written by writers born in England. Joseph Conrad was Polish, Robert Burns was Scottish, James Joyce was Irish, Dylan Thomas was Welsh, Edgar Allan Poe was American, Hilaire Belloc was French, Emma Lazarus was Jewish, Salman Rushdie is Indian, V. S. Naipaul is Trinidadian, and Vladimir Nabokov was Russian. The greatest Portuguese poet of 20th century, Fernando Pessoa wrote some poems in English, too. In other words, English literature includes all the varieties and dialects of English spoken around the world.

English is a language known by many million people. They can read literary works from any country in English translation.
Hippolyte Adolphe Taine, "Introduction to the History of English Literature" (1863).


Auguste Escoffier

Georges Auguste Escoffier (28 October 1846 – 12 February 1935) was a French chef, restaurateur and writer who updated traditional French cooking methods and made them more popular. He was important in the development of modern French cuisine.

A lot of Escoffier's ideas and ways of working were based on Antoine Carême's. Careme wrote about French "Haute cuisine". Escoffier simplified and modernised Carême's complicated recipes and style.

As well as recording and inventing recipes, Escoffier made cooking a respected profession.

He organised his kitchens into sections run by "chefs de partie". He also carried on Careme's habit of "service à la russe" (serving each dish in the order printed on the menu) instead of "service à la française" (serving all dishes at once).
Gregor Von Görög, Chef to the Royal family at Buckingham Palace, was quick to assume this form of service, and soon all 'High Society' was adopting 'Russian-style' service.

He was born in the village of Villeneuve-Loubet, near Nice. At thirteen he became an apprentice at his uncle's restaurant, "Le Restaurant Français", in Nice. In 1865 he moved to "Le Petit Moulin Rouge" restaurant in Paris. He stayed there until the start of the Franco-Prussian war in 1870, when he became an army chef. His army experience led him to study the ways of canning food.

Some time before 1878 he opened his own restaurant, "Le Faisan d'Or" (The Golden Pheasant) in Cannes. In 1880 he married Delphine Daffis. In 1884 the couple moved to Monte Carlo, where Escoffier took control of the kitchen at the Grand Hotel.

During the summers he ran the kitchen of the Hotel National in Lucerne, where he met César Ritz. At that time the French Riviera was a winter resort.

The two men formed a partnership and in 1890 moved to the Savoy Hotel in London. From the Savoy they started a number of famous hotels, including the Grand Hotel in Rome, and many Ritz Hotels around the world.

At the London Savoy, Escoffier created many famous dishes. For example, in 1893 he invented the Pêche Melba (Peach Melba) in honour of the Australian singer Dame Nellie Melba. Another of his creations was Tournedos Rossini, in honour of the Italian composer Gioacchino Rossini. He left the Savoy Hotel after taking money from food suppliers.

In 1898 Escoffier and Ritz opened the Hôtel Ritz in Paris. The Carlton in London followed in 1899, where Escoffier first introduced the practice of the "à la carte" menu. Ritz had a nervous breakdown in 1901, leaving Escoffier to run the Carlton until 1919, shortly after Ritz's death. For a time one of his pupils was Ho Chi Minh who was training as a pastry chef.

In 1903 Escoffier published his first major book, "Le Guide Culinaire". This "Guide to Cooking" had 5,000 recipes. Even today it is used as both a cookbook and textbook for classic cooking.

In 1904 and 1912 Escoffier was hired to plan the kitchens for ships belonging to the steam-ship company Hamburg-Amerika Lines. On the second voyage, Kaiser William II congratulated Escoffier, telling him "I am the Emperor of Germany, but you are the Emperor of chefs."

In 1919, Escoffier became the first chef to receive the Legion of Honour and in 1928 was made an Officer of the Legion.

He died at the age of 88 in Monte Carlo a few days after his wife.




29 Amphitrite

29 Amphitrite is one of the biggest S-type asteroids, probably third in diameter after Eunomia and Juno, although Iris and Herculina are similar in size.

It is probably not a fully solid body, since its density is too low for a solid silicate object and much lower than Eunomia or Juno. Its orbit is less eccentric and inclined than those of its bigger cousins - being indeed the most circular of any asteroid found up to that point - and as a consequence it never becomes as bright as Iris or Hebe, especially as it is much farther from the Sun than those asteroids. It can reach magnitudes of around +8.6 at a favorable opposition, but more usually is around the binocular limit of +9.5.

Amphitrite was found by Albert Marth on March 1, 1854. It was the only asteroid he found. It is named after Amphitrite, a sea goddess in Greek mythology.

A moon is suspected based on the lightcurve data. 


31 Euphrosyne

31 Euphrosyne is one of the biggest main belt asteroids, found by James Ferguson on September 1, 1854. It was the first asteroid found from North America. It is named after Euphrosyne, one of the Charites in Greek mythology.

It is the eighth biggest main belt asteroid and contains around 1% of the mass of the entire asteroid belt, but is a very dark body near the belt's farther edge. Because of that, Euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars, having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10.2, which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously found.

It has not been studied a lot despite being one of the biggest asteroids. It is a normal C-type asteroid with a primitive surface. Its orbit, however, is quite unusual. It's orbit is similar to that of 2 Pallas in its high inclination and eccentricity. Whereas Pallas and Eris - the only bigger bodies with comparably tilted orbits - have nodes near perihelion and aphelion, Euphrosyne's perihelion lies at the northernmost point of its orbit. During a rare perihelic opposition Euphrosyne is very high in the sky from northern latitudes, but invisible from such countries as New Zealand and Chile.

Its apparently low density suggests that, unlike 10 Hygiea, 704 Interamnia and 52 Europa, Euphrosyne is a loosely-packed rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken apart by a collision with all the pieces pulled together by gravity). Its rotation period is very common for big asteroids, but nothing is known of its axial tilt.


Chemistry (band)

Chemistry is a Japanese band. This group is made up of two members: Douchin and Kawabata.They were the winners of the Asayan audition (similar to the American Idol series) in 2000 organized by Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It was formed in 2001. The first single is "PIECES OF A DREAM".

Misia (Japanese singer)

MISIA (born July 7, 1978 in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Kyūshū, Japan) is a Japanese singer who is most popular in Japan. One of her most famous songs is called "Everything". She served as an honorary ambassador on the 10th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP10) and the TICAD V (5th Conference on African Development) .


Pikaia

Pikaia is an extinct genus of prehistoric lancelet. It is regarded as the earliest known primitive chordate from the Middle Cambrian fossil found near Mount Pika in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia. It was discovered by Charles Walcott in 1911. Walcott classified it as a polychaete worm.
It was about 40 mm in length and swam above the sea-floor. "Pikaia" may have filtered particles from the water as it swam along. Only 60 specimens have been found to date.

Opabinia

Opabinia is a fossil animal found in Cambrian fossil deposits. Its sole species, Opabinia regalis, is known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia. The discoverer of "Opabinia", Charles Doolittle Walcott, named it after a local mountain, Opabin Peak in the Canadian Rockies.
Thirty specimens of Opabinia are known and each ranges in size from 40 to 70 mm. The most intriguing feature of Opabinia are its five eyes found on the dorsal surface of the head. These eyes were used to search for food. Because of its flexible body it is not known whether Opabinia was pelagic or benthic.


Wiwaxia

Wiwaxia corrugata is an extinct species of animal known only from fossils found in Canada's Burgess Shale deposits. 

Wiwaxia somewhat resembles a very small porcupine (about 30 mm in diameter) with its quills pulled out. The body is covered by both spines and scales. The spines are believed to have been used for defence purposes. Wiwaxia probably grazed or scavenged by walking or crawling along the sediment. One hundred and forty specimens are known from the Burgess Shale. Similar scales and spines have turned up in similarly aged sediments from elsewhere around the world suggesting that Wiwaxia was widespread during the Cambrian.

Cambrian

The Cambrian is the first geological period of the Palaeozoic era and the Phanerozoic eon. It lasted from 541 million years ago to 485.4 million years ago. Before it came the Ediacaran, and after it the Ordovician.

Biologists have learnt quite a lot about the soft parts of Cambrian animals. This is because places have been found where soft parts of organisms are preserved as well as their more resistant shells. This means our understanding of the Cambrian biota is better than that of some later periods.

Life on Earth changed greatly during the Cambrian period. Before the Cambrian, life was mostly small and simple. Complex organisms (metazoa) evolved during the Proterozoic era. But during the Cambrian period, some organisms used carbonate minerals for shells, so they had hard parts which could become fossils. There were many different kinds of life during the Cambrian period. This increase in the diversity of lifeforms was relatively rapid, and is called the Cambrian explosion. This adaptive radiation produced the first members of the main groups of animals, called phyla.

Almost all of this new life was in the oceans. There was little life on land except a layer of microbes. There were shallow seas near several continents, because a supercontinent called Pannotia had broken into smaller pieces. The seas were warm, and there was no ice at the North and South Pole. Many animals with hard shells appeared for the first time during the beginning of the Cambrian.

At the start of the Cambrian, the earlier animals (the Ediacaran biota) may have become extinct. It seems these older life forms were affected by new types which burrowed into the sea floor. This changed the conditions of life for the older types. The burrowing must have disturbed the mat of bacteria and algae which covered the sea-floor. About this time we find the first examples of many phyla. There are also some fossil traces on what was land at the time, so perhaps a few Cambrian organisms did leave the water.

Fossils from the Cambrian period sometimes show what the soft parts were like, unlike most fossils where the soft parts disappear. Fossils from the Burgess Shale in Ontario, Canada are examples of fossils with soft parts. Here are some life forms that first appeared in the Cambrian period, with the oldest ones first:

It is not always clear which phylum a fossil should be put into. So there are some fossils which are still being discussed, years after they were discovered.

Conjecture

A conjecture is an idea in mathematics that appears "likely" to be true but that has not been "proven" to be true.

After a conjecture is proven to be true, it becomes a theorem.

Until recently, one of the most famous conjectures was Fermat's Last Theorem. The name was incorrect, because although Fermat said he had a proof for it, none could be found in his notes. In 1992, British mathematician Andrew Wiles found a proof for it, making it a theorem and not a conjecture.

Other famous conjectures include:


Not every conjecture can be proven true or false. The continuum hypothesis, which describes the size of certain infinite sets, is an example. It was shown to be independent of the generally accepted axioms of set theory, which means that it cannot be proven true or false using those axioms. It is therefore possible to take this statement, or its negation, as a new axiom in a consistent manner (much as we can take Euclid's parallel postulate as either true or false).

In this case, if a proof uses this statement, researchers will often look for a new proof that "does not" require the hypothesis The one major exception to this in practice is the axiom of choice -- unless studying this axiom in particular, the majority of researchers do not usually worry whether a result requires the axiom of choice.

Boeing 787 Dreamliner

The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is a passenger aircraft made by Boeing. Its first flight took place on 15 December 2009. It was planned to be released earlier, but the first passenger flight of the airplane was in October 2011. Because of delays some airlines got their aircraft more than two years late.

The aircraft has had some problems. On January 16, 2013, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said that no 787s were allowed to fly in the U.S. due to batteries catching fire. Several other countries also banned the 787 from flying in their country. The problem was fixed and the airplanes returned to flight in April.

In the late 1990s Boeing wanted to make a plane called the Sonic Cruiser, which would go very fast. According to Boeing, the 787 consumes 20% less fuel than the similarly-sized 767. But after the September 11, 2001 attacks fuel prices went up, so airlines wanted more efficient planes rather than faster ones. Boeing cancelled the Sonic Cruiser and replaced it in January 2003 with the "7E7," which was the code name for the 787 at the time. In July 2003, Boeing decided to call the new plane the "Dreamliner."

On April 26, 2004, Japanese airline All Nippon Airways became the launch customer for the 7E7, and they expected to have the plane delivered in 2008. In 2005 it was renamed the 787.

The 787 was designed to be much more efficient. It did this by using composite to build most of the plane instead of aluminum, which made the plane lighter. It also used two new engine types, the General Electric GEnx and the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000. According to Boeing this made the 787 20% more efficient than the 767.

In December 2006 Boeing said that the 787 was heavier than they expected, so the plane was delayed. Also, Boeing had tried to shorten the time to make the plane by asking parts suppliers to assemble parts of the plane. These parts manufacturers were not used to the extra work though, and this delayed the 787 even more.

Boeing started to test the 787 on the ground. They found more problems and the plane was delayed even more. Finally on December 15, 2009 the 787 went on its first flight. Boeing began testing the plane in the air. There were more problems, like a failure of one of the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, and an in flight fire, which delayed the plane even more. Some airlines wanted to be paid back for all the delays. Finally in July 2011, Boeing delivered their first 787 to ANA.

The Boeing 787 has a common type rating as the Boeing 777, which means that a pilot who trains in one of the planes can easily switch to the other with very little additional training.
One of the most interesting features of the 787 is the sawtooth pattern at the back of the engine. According to Boeing this makes the plane quieter for people on the plane and on the ground. The engines also have sound absorbing material at the front of the engine to make the plane even quieter.
The inside of the 787 is the most noticeable feature. The windows are much bigger on the 787 than on other planes because the plane is made mostly of composite, which is stronger than the aluminum which is used on most other planes. Also, the windows of the plane don't use slide-down shades like most planes. Instead they have buttons which can make the window darker or lighter. The inside of the plane also uses LED lighting. This lets the plane change the colors of the lights inside.

The fact that the plane is made of composites instead of aluminum makes the passengers more comfortable. Most passenger planes fly so high that they need to pump air into the cabin so the passengers can breathe. Most planes pump in enough air so that the passengers feel like they are at about 8000 feet (2400 meters). But since the 787 uses composites, which are stronger than aluminum, the plane can pump in more air so the passengers feel like they are at about 6000 feet (1800 meters). The composite is also less vulnerable to corrosion, so the plane can have a higher humidity than most other planes. Boeing says that these improvements will make passengers feel better after a long flight.

Boeing makes 3 variants of the Dreamliner: the 787-8, the 787-9, and the 787-10. The 787-10 is in testing. They were also going to make the 787-3, but it was later cancelled due to low airline demand.

The -8 is the shortest 787 variant, flying 210 people about 15200 km. It started flying in 2011. The -8 will replace the Boeing 767-200ER and Boeing 767-300ER aircraft. It is meant for very long trips with fewer passengers, where a bigger plane will not make enough money for the airline.

The -9 is a larger 787 and has a range of about 15750 km. It can fly about 270 people and started production in 2014. It can carry more weight than the -8, and is longer than the -8. It competes against the Airbus A330-300 and A330-200 aircraft. It will replace the Boeing 767-400ER.

The -10 is larger than both the 787-8 and the 787-9. It will carry about 300 people, but to do that it will have less range. It will compete with the Airbus A350, and it will also replace the Boeing 777-200ER aircraft.

The -3 was going to be the smallest and would have the shortest range at about 5000 km, and would fly about 290 people. It would have replace the Boeing 747-400D (the D stands for domestic, which means flights that take-off and land in the same country) that was used by two Japanese airlines. At first these Japanese airlines had ordered the 787-3, but since the plane was late the airlines cancelled their orders. This made Boeing scrap the 787-3.

Akshobhya

Buddha Akshobhya is one of the five Dhyani buddhas. In Chinese, he is called "Ah-Chu-For". In Japanese, he is called Ashuku Nyoral and In Tibetan, he is called Mi Kyu Pa, or Sang Gye.

According to the scripture, "Akobhyavyha Sutra", it is written that a monk wished to practice the Dharma and made a vow- not to feel angry or disgust at another being and he will manage anger appropriately. When he succeeded, he became Buddha Akshobya, an immovable one. He was given charge over the eastern paradise Abhirati Pure Land (the land of Joyous). It is believed that those who are reborn in this Pure Land will not be born in lower realms of consciousness and are never to be born again. In the Akshobhya sutra, it is also mentioned that the "Buddha Shakyamuni", himself praised the patience of Akshobhya and making his determination a reality.

Akshobya represents Dharma that changes hatred and dislike into wisdom. He is shown touching the earth with his right hand and holding an upright thunderbolt in his left hand. Akshobya's blessings enables us to develop wisdom and understand the true nature of reality.

Akshobhya, meaning unshakeable, is one of many Buddhas found in Mahayana and Vajrayana Buddhism. He is described in the Mahayana Sutras of Northern Buddhism and in the Tantra literature. Although a relatively minor figure in the Sutras Akshobhya is of major importance in the Tantras occupying a central role in Vajrayana Buddhism at all levels. He is easily recognized in paintings by having a buddha-like form, blue body colour and the left hand supporting an upright vajra scepter. There are no other Buddhist figures that have this same iconographic appearance. Tantric depictions of Buddhas are commonly shown with jewel ornaments and a crown.

Jambhala

In the Buddhist religion, Jambhala is the wealth-giving form of Avalokiteśvara or Chenrezig, the bodhisattva of compassion. 

Jambhala's blessings are to help others by eliminating poverty, so that they may practice the Dharma. There are five Jambhalas - Yellow Jambhala (overcomes pride), White Jambhala (overcomes attachment), Black Jambala (overcomes resentment), Green Jambhala (overcomes jealousy) and Red Jambhala (overcomes greed). For instance, the White Jambhala is shown sitting on a turquoise dragon and his left hand holds a mongoose that spews out precious jewels.

Bodhi

Bodhi (Sanskrit) or Enlightenment refers to full awakening where all limitations have been removed from the mind. All positive potential including unlimited compassion, skill and wisdom are said to be realized. The enlightened being is free from samsara.

Combinatorics

Combinatorics is a branch of mathematics. It is concerned with finite or countable infinite sets. Combinatorics is part of discrete mathematics. Combinatorics are about graph theory, or Partitions of sets. According to George Pólya, combinatorics looks at counting the number of possibilities, and about the questions whether certain configurations exist, and how to get to them.

Permutation is concerned with the following problems:

There are variations in the problems as follows:


Enrique Granados

Enrique Granados (born Lérida, Spain, 27 July 1867; died in the English Channel, 24 March 1916) was a Spanish composer and pianist. He lived most of his life in Barcelona. His favourite painter was Goya and his best work, the piano pieces called "Goyescas", are inspired by Goya’s paintings.

Granados started having piano lessons in Barcelona and then went to Paris where he studied privately with Charles de Bériot. He returned to Barcelona in 1889 and the following year gave his first piano recital. He wrote a zarzuela (light opera) called "Maria del Carmen". The king liked it very much and gave him an award.

During the following years he composed a lot and performed with famous musicians such as Jacques Thibaud, Pau Casals and Camille Saint-Saëns. His piano suite "Goyescas" was first performed in Barcelona in 1911 and then in Paris in 1914 where it soon became extremely popular.

He was persuaded to make "Goyescas" into an opera. The opera was going to be performed at the Paris Opéra but, because of World War I it was performed in New York instead. Granados was invited to go to New York to watch the first performance of his opera. He was very frightened of the sea, but eventually was persuaded to go. The opera was a great success when it was performed on 26 January 1916. Granados felt that he was at the beginning of a successful career. President Wilson invited him to play the piano at the White House. Because of this invitation he missed the ship that would have taken him back to Spain. He took a ship to England instead. In Liverpool, he got off the ship and got onto another one which would take him to Dieppe in France. The ship was called the "Sussex". When the "Sussex" was in the middle of the English Channel it was torpedoed by a German submarine. Granados managed to get onto a lifeboat, but then he saw his wife in the sea and he jumped in to try to save her, but they both drowned.

Granados wrote mainly piano works and songs. He was influenced by Romantic composers such as Grieg, Schumann and Liszt, but he was starting to make his music sound very Spanish. His songs include some of the best written by a Spanish composer. His piano works include "Ten Spanish Dances", which are not too difficult to play, and the suite "Goyescas" which is mostly quite difficult to play. The most popular piece in this suite is called "Lament, or The Maiden and the Nightingale". It has a very romantic tune which is repeated several times.

Manuel de Falla

Manuel de Falla (born Cádiz, Spain, 23 November 1876; died Alta Gracia, Argentina, 14 November 1946) was a Spanish composer. Falla (pronounce: “FA-ya”), together with Albéniz and Granados, helped to make Spanish music important again after three centuries during which there had been no important Spanish composers.

Falla had his first music lessons in Cádiz. At first he did not know whether he wanted to take music or literature as a career. When he was ten he started to go to music evenings where he heard chamber music being played. Then he started to go to the opera, and he heard church music and orchestral music. He liked the music of Grieg and decided that he wanted to do something similar with Spanish music. He went to Madrid where he studied very hard and won prizes. His first compositions were played in Cádiz. He studied with Pedrell who had also taught Albéniz and Granados.

He wrote a song called "Tus ojillos negros" which became very popular, and he won a prize for a piano composition, but it was his opera "La vida breve" (1904-1905) which really showed his genius, although it was not performed at the time. No one in Spain wanted to perform his zarzuelas, so he went to Paris in 1907. He soon made friends with Dukas, Debussy and Ravel. He made changes to "La vida breve" and it was performed in Paris in 1913. His piano works and songs were also performed in Paris, and in Madrid.

In 1915 he wrote "El amor brujo". It was a work with dances, songs and spoken passages. He soon turned it into a ballet. The music uses the songs of Andalusia and the rhythms of Spanish folkmusic. He wrote a work for solo piano and orchestra called "Noches en los jardines de España" ("Nights in the gardens of Spain"). Later he changed it to a ballet for Diaghilev, calling it "El sombrero". It was performed in London in 1919 with designs by Picasso. The music is very lively and often sounds like a guitar. He wrote a piano piece called "Fantasia bética" (1919) which is the most important Spanish piano work after Albéniz’s "Iberia".

Falla had many friends, including Lorca. They liked small theatre pieces and Falla wrote "El retablo" and set it as a puppet opera. He liked the music of the past centuries, and wrote a concerto for harpsichord and five other instruments.

During his final years Falla was composing a very large work called "Atlántida". It was a long oratorio for soloists, chorus and orchestra. The words were in Catalan. Falla did not live long enough to finish the work. He became very depressed because of World War II. In the end he was invited to Argentina where he settled. He continued to work at "Atlántida", but he had not finished it when he died. A man called Ernesto Halffter spent many years trying to finish it and prepare it for a performance. It was performed on stage at La Scala, Milan, in 1962, but it does not work well as an opera. Occasionally it is performed as a concert piece.


Joaquín Turina

Joaquín Turina Pérez (9 December 188214 January 1949) was a Spanish composer of classical music.

Turina was brought up in Seville, and the music of this town always had a big influence on his music. His father was a painter. As a small boy Turina’s favourite toy was a small toy accordion. He started to study medicine, but he wanted to be a musician, so his father let him study music instead. He had piano lessons with Enrique Rodriguez and studied harmony with Garcia Torres, who was in charge of music at the cathedral in Seville.

Soon Turina started to compose. He met Falla and the two musicians became lifelong friends. He moved to Paris in 1905 where he studied with Moskowski and d’Indy. One of the his first works to be performed was piano quintet. The style was similar to César Franck. Albéniz heard it and advised the young composer to make his music sound Spanish.

Turina’s music started to be performed widely. In 1914 both Turina and Falla returned to live in Spain. They were two of the most important Spanish composers. He was choirmaster at the Teatro Real and he had an opera "Jardin de oriente" performed there. He became director of the Madrid Conservatory and received many honours. He died after a long illness.

Turina’s music always sounds very Spanish, although he used the forms of main European composers. He wrote many short piano pieces which often describe a person. He wrote songs and guitar music.


Edouard Lalo

Edouard Lalo (born Lille, 27 January 1823; died Paris, 22 April 1892) was a French composer. 

His family originally came from Spain. Edouard learned to play the piano and violin at the Lille Conservatory, but his parents did not want him to take music as a profession. So he left home when he was 16 and went to Paris. He took some lessons and earned money by teaching and playing the violin. He liked chamber music. Not many people in France were interested in chamber music at that time. With three friends he formed a string quartet and they helped to make the string quartets of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven better known in France. He played the viola in his quartet, and later he played second violin. In 1859 he composed a string quartet.

It was not until the 1870s, when he was already in his 50s, that he started to become really well known. Some famous conductors such as Pasdeloup, Lamoureux and Colonne and the violinist Sarasate took an interest in his orchestral works and performed them. He wrote a violin concerto and a work called "Symphonie espagnole" ("Spanish Symphony") which was also for solo violin and orchestra. Sarasate played both these works. He wrote a cello concerto in 1877.

He wrote an opera "Le roi d’Ys", but no opera house wanted to perform it. They asked him to write a ballet instead. He did not know anything about ballet, but he composed one called "Namouna". It had some good music, although people who did not like him said it sounded like Wagner or like the music of someone who is used to writing symphonies.

In 1888 his opera "Le roi d’Ys" was performed at last. It was an enormous success, but Lalo only had four more years to live, and he did not compose anything more of importance. He had married one of his pupils in 1865 and they had a son.

In France Lalo is mainly remembered for his opera "Le roi d’Ys", but in other countries his best known work is his "Symphonie espagnole". It is not really a “symphony”, it is a violin concerto. It has five movements and there are lots of lively, Spanish rhythms. His cello concerto is also an excellent work.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980

Las Vegas Raiders

The Las Vegas Raiders are a professional American football team. They are in the National Football League. They play in Paradise, Nevada, USA. Their stadium is Allegiant Stadium. They were created in 1960 as an American Football League team. They play in the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC). The other teams in the Western Division are the Denver Broncos, Kansas City Chiefs, and Los Angeles Chargers. The Raiders have won three Super Bowls.

A few months after the AFL's first draft in 1959, owners of the Minneapolis new team (later known as the Minnesota Vikings) accepted the invitation to join the National Football League. Needing a replacement, the AFL tried to find one quickly. Oakland was thought to be an unlikely city to have a professional American football team. The AFL owners picked Oakland after Los Angeles Chargers owner Barron Hilton threatened to drop his team unless a second team was placed on the West Coast. The city of Oakland was awarded the eighth AFL team on January 30, 1960, and the team took over the Minneapolis club's draft picks. The new Oakland team was called the "Raiders", which is used as a synonym for a pirate. The team logo includes an illustration of a pirate.

In the early years, the Raiders struggled. When Al Davis came in as head coach and general manager, the Raiders got better. Davis hired John Rauch and went to the their first AFL Championship against the Houston Oilers and won it 40-7. After winning their first AFL championship they earned a shot at Super Bowl II and lost to Green Bay Packers 33-14. The next two years, the Raiders again won Western Division titles, only to lose the AFL Championship to the eventual Super Bowl winners—the New York Jets (1968) and Kansas City Chiefs (1969).

After the 1969 season, the AFL decided to merge with the NFL. The Raiders join the American Football Conference as a Western Division member. John Madden was hired as head coach. Madden took the Raiders to their first Super Bowl win against Minnesota Vikings 32-14 in Super Bowl XI. Later, Madden left for a commentary career. The Raiders hired Tom Flores, the first Hispanic head coach in NFL history. Flores took the Raiders for their second Super Bowl win against Philadelphia Eagles 27 10 in Super Bowl XV. The Raiders became the first wild card team to win a Super Bowl.

Al Davis signed a note to make the Raiders move to Los Angeles. The Raiders won their third Super Bowl against the Washington Redskins.

The Raiders moved back to Oakland. The Raiders have struggled since 2003 season after losing to the Tampa Bay Buccanears in Super Bowl XXXVII. They returned to the playoffs in 2016, but lost in the first round to the Houston Texans. They played their final year in Oakland in 2019 before moving to Las Vegas in 2020. They finished their first season in Las Vegas with 8 wins and 8 losses.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties"
+ = Due to a strike-shortened season in 1982, all teams were ranked by conference instead of division.


Wagenhausen

Wagenhausen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wäldi

Wäldi is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wängi

Wängi is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Warth-Weiningen

Warth-Weiningen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wigoltingen

Wigoltingen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wilen

Wilen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wuppenau

Wuppenau is a municipality in Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf

Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Auenstein, Aargau

Auenstein is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It is about northwest of Lenzburg.


Auw, Aargau

Auw is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Daniel D. Tompkins

Daniel D. Tompkins (June 21, 1774 – June 11, 1825) was an entrepreneur, jurist, congressman, governor of New York, and the sixth vice president of the United States from 1817 to 1825.

Overijssel

Overijssel (Latin: "Transisalania") is a province of the Netherlands. It is in the central eastern part of the country. The province's name in both Dutch and Latin means "Lands across river IJssel". The capital city of Overijssel is Zwolle. Its biggest city is Enschede. About 1,184,000 people are living in Overijssel (2023). 

Overijssel has Germany to the east. The Achterhoek region of Gelderland lies to the south, the Veluwe region of Gelderland and Flevoland are to the west, and Friesland and the former moors of Drenthe to the north. Overijssel is made of three regions: Kop van Overijssel in the northwest, Salland in the centre of the province, and Twente in the east. Besides the capital Zwolle, the major cities are Almelo, Deventer, Enschede, and Hengelo.

To the southeast, the land is mostly sandy. There are small rivers and brooks cutting through it. Examples for such rivers are Regge and Dinkel. In the northwest, the geology is mostly made of sediments from the "Overijsselse Vecht" and clay. The northern parts were once covered by "veen" (bogs) which separated the dryer and more arable south from Drenthe. These bogs have been exploited as fuel to a large degree. Only small patches survive today ("Engbertsdijksvenen" near Tubbergen, "Witteveen" (near Haaksbergen, and the Aamsveen (near Enschede). The extreme northwest is dominated by a system of lakes formed by former peat-mining, the Weerribben, which is a valuable wetland.

The highest point in Overijssel is the summit of the Tankenberg, a hill in the municipality of Losser. It is 89 metres (295 ft). The lowest point is in the Mastenbroek Polder near Kampen at 2 metres (6 ft) below sea level.

Overijssel was formerly known as Oversticht. In 1336, it was made part of Guelders. It was given to the Bishopric of Utrecht in 1347. Utrecht was known as "het Sticht". The Bishops gave the Oversticht to the Emperor Charles V in 1528, who styled himself "Lord of Overijssel". With this, he gave the province its modern name. The people joined with the other Dutch and rebelled against Charles' heir Philip II. Overijssel became governed by the most powerful mayors and lords in the province.

After a brief occupation by the forces of the Bishop of Münster (1672–1674), Overijssel received a new form of government. This granted the stadtholders more power. Widespread resistance against the bigger power throughout the provinces lead to the Batavian Republic in 1795. A centralist government arose and the Netherlands was organised into a series of "départements", based on those used by revolutionary France. At first organised into its own "département", it was merged with Drenthe in 1798 to form Ouden Ijssel, which was renamed Overijssel in 1801.

The French annexed the Batavian Republic in 1810, and Overijssel was organised into the new French département of Bouches-de-l'Yssel. After the defeat of Napoleon in 1814, the kingdom of the Netherlands and the former province of Overijssel were recreated. Overijssel was briefly occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II from May 1940, until its liberation in April 1945. The Noordoostpolder, which had been laid dry in 1942, was part of Overijssel from 1962 until 1986, when it became part of the newly created province of Flevoland.


Walker, Texas Ranger

Walker, Texas Ranger is an action/police television series. It was created by Leslie Greif and Paul Haggis. The series stars Chuck Norris as a member of the Texas Rangers. His co-stars include Sheree J. Wilson as D.A. Alex Cahill and Clarence Gilyard as Texas Ranger Jimmy Trivette.

The series was televised on CBS in the spring of 1993. This first season consisted of three pilot episodes. Eight full seasons followed from September 25, 1993 to May 19, 2001. It was televised in over 100 countries. A made-for-television movie "Trial By Fire" has been televised. The series airs in reruns. The entire series has been released to DVD.

The show is known for its conservative moral values. The wholesome main characters don't use drugs, and they participate in community service. Martial arts were the primary tool of law enforcement. Occasionally Walker and company used martial arts to reach out to the community. The series has since become one of the most popular action series in television history. It has gained a cult following for its camp appeal.

The series is centered on a Dallas-Fort Worth–based member of the Texas Rangers named Cordell Walker. Walker was raised by his paternal uncle, a Native American named Ray Firewalker (Floyd Red Crow Westerman). Cordell prior to joining the Rangers served in the Marines' elite recon unit during the Vietnam War. Both Cordell and Uncle Ray share the values characteristic of Wild West sheriffs.

His partner and best friend is James "Jimmy" Trivette (Clarence Gilyard), a former Dallas Cowboys player "Go Long T" who takes a more modern approach. Walker's young partner grew up in Baltimore and used football as his ticket to college education. He was dropped from the team after he tore up his shoulder in a major game, which led to his career in the Rangers (often making references to watching the "Lone Ranger" and how C.D. Parker mentored him as a Rookie Officer). Trivette also works inside the office using computers and cellular phones to collate information of the people who have been taken into custody. Walker also works closely (and shares a mutual attraction) with Alexandra "Alex" Cahill (Sheree J. Wilson), a Tarrant County Assistant District Attorney, who on occasion puts up a frown if Walker does not obtain results in time. He also gets advice on cases from C.D. Parker (Gailard Sartain (pilot season), Noble Willingham (seasons 1–7)), a veteran Ranger (later inducted into the Texas Rangers Hall of Fame) who worked with Walker until retiring to operate a small restaurant and bar called "CD's Bar and Grill", a restaurant widely known in the series for its chili. In Season 7 two rookie Texas Rangers, Sydney Cooke (Nia Peeples) and Francis Gage (Judson Mills), are assigned under Walker and Trivette's command.




Chuck Norris facts

Chuck Norris facts is an Internet phenomenon with joke "facts" about martial artist and actor Chuck Norris. The "facts" are jokes about Norris' toughness, attitude, virility, "alpha-male status", and masculinity. They are given in a comically serious tone, for example:
The "facts" usually say that Chuck Norris is a very angry, all-powerful, superbeing. Some of these "facts" have also turned into popular jokes. Like most Internet phenomena, the Chuck Norris facts have spread around the world. They have been translated into many different languages as well as used as the basis for advertising and other Internet phenomena. The "facts" often refer to his use of roundhouse kick attacks to do almost anything, his beard, and his role in the action television series "Walker, Texas Ranger".

Chuck Norris facts were first seen on the Internet in early 2005. Conan O'Brien's Chuck Norris jokes on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" have been seen as a cause for the fad. These "facts" are similar to "Tall tales" such as those of Paul Bunyan. Chuck Norris Facts started being used in the gaming community shortly after a Chuck Norris Fact generator was created for use with World of Warcraft in early 2006.

Chuck Norris has talked about the Chuck Norris facts on his official website, chucknorris.com, with a statement. He was surprised and liked the attention. He said that some of the statements were indeed funny but he tries not to take any of them seriously. He hoped that the "facts" would get people to want to know the real facts about Chuck Norris found in his literary works.

Norris appeared in a 2007 commercial for Mountain Dew where he had his revenge on the two fictional webmasters of a site that showed Norris in a humorous way. This is a reference to the Chuck Norris facts meme.

In December, 2007, Norris sued when these statements were published in book form by Penguin in November 2007.


Magglio Ordóñez

Magglio Jose "Maggs" Ordóñez (b. January 28, 1974) is a former Major League Baseball player from Venezuela. He was a right fielder and right-handed batter. Ordóñez was born in Coro, Venezuela. He played for the Chicago White Sox from 1997 to 2004 and the Detroit Tigers from 2005 to 2011. After his baseball career, Ordóñez became a mayor in Venezuela.

, or Retrosheet

Johan Santana

Johan Alexander Santana () (born March 13, 1979, in Tovar, Mérida State, Venezuela) is a Major League Baseball left-handed starting pitcher who plays for the New York Mets. His first team was the Minnesota Twins.

Minnesota Twins

The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They began in 1901 as the Washington Senators, based in Washington, D.C. They moved to the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area in 1961. That area is often called the "Twin Cities", so the team was renamed the "Twins". They have often worn a "TC" emblem on their uniforms and caps.

As the Senators, they were not very successful overall. They had some strong teams in the 1920s and 1930s, but most years they played poorly. As the Twins, they have had much better success, with two World Series championships, in 1987 and 1991, and many other post-season games.

They first played at Metropolitan Stadium in the suburb of Bloomington, Minnesota. They moved to the Metrodome in 1982, and then to Target Field in 2010.


Hard-Fi

Hard-Fi are a popular indie rock band from Staines an area of London, England. They are named after Lee Scratch Perry's description of his studio . They have had two hit albums in the UK charts: "Stars of CCTV" and "Once Upon a Time in the West". Their most successful songs include, but are not exclusive to "Suburban Knights" and "Hard to Beat".


Room

A room (or chamber) is a space inside a structure or building. Usually, a room is separated from other rooms and from the outside by walls. Doors provide access.

A room may have a specified purpose, defined by its use. Examples of such rooms are the bedroom, the kitchen, and the bathroom.

Self

A self is an individual person, from their own point of view. To you, self is you. To someone else, self is that person.

The following list of topics is provided as an overview of and introduction to the self:





You have:


See the list at Virtue#Virtues and values
















Goldbach's conjecture

Goldbach's conjecture is one of the oldest unsolved problems in number theory and in all of mathematics. It states:

On 7 June 1742, the Prussian mathematician Christian Goldbach wrote a letter to Leonhard Euler in which he suggested the following conjecture, which would later be called Goldbach's strong conjecture:
He considered 1 to be a prime number, a convention subsequently abandoned. 
Goldbach wrote that even numbers 4 and up could always be composed of two different prime numbers.

A weaker version of Goldbach's original conjecture is:
This is called Goldbach's weak conjecture. Euler, becoming interested in the problem, wrote back to Goldbach saying that the weak conjecture would be implied by Goldbach's strong conjecture, saying that he was certain that the theorem was true (""ein ganz gewisses Theorema""), but he was unable to prove it. 

Goldbach's weak conjecture was later proved by Harald Helfgott in 2013, but Goldbach's strong conjecture has not been proved yet.


Compass (drafting)

A compass (or pair of compasses) is a drawing tool that can be used to draw circles or arcs, parts of circles. They can also be used to measure distances, in particular on maps. Compasses can be used for mathematics, drafting, navigation, and more.

Compasses are usually made of metal, and have two parts called "legs" meeting at a hinge. The legs can be moved apart or together to change the size of the circle. One part has a spike, a sharp, pointy part at its end, and the other part has a pencil or a pen. There are two types of compasses: the mechanical compass and normal compass. The mechanical compass is a compass that has a mechanical pencil, and the normal compass is a compass that has a normal pen or pencil on it. To make the compass work, you need to change how far the pencil sticks out.

A divider is a compass that has two parts with a spike, and is used to show measurements of distances and lengths. It is called a divider because it is used to divide (make smaller things from a bigger thing) a distance in two, using geometry.

Circles can be made by pressing the leg with the spike into the paper, putting the pencil on the paper, and moving the pencil in the circle. To do this, you need to not to move the legs farther apart or closer together while you are drawing the circle. A circle can be made bigger or smaller by moving the legs farther apart or closer together.

Distances can be measured on a map using dividers,compasses with two spikes. The distance between the spikes on the map shows a distance in reality. Measuring how many times the compasses fit between two things on the map shows the distance between those things.

Compass and straightedge drawing is used to show things in plane geometry (geometry used on a flat area). Real compasses are used on paper, but the perfect compass used in proofs is an imaginary, perfect tool that draws perfect circles. The most strict definition of this ideal tool, used for explaining, is the "collapsing compass". It draws a circle from a given place with a given radius and cannot be used again. That is, unlike a real pair of compasses, it cannot simply be moved to another place and used to draw another circle that is the same.

43 Ariadne

43 Ariadne is a fairly big and bright main belt asteroid. It is the second-biggest member of the Flora asteroid family. It was found by N. R. Pogson on April 15, 1857 and named after the Greek heroine Ariadne.

Ariadne is very stretched out (almost twice as long as its smallest shape). It is a retrograde rotator, although its pole points almost parallel to the ecliptic towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-15°, 235°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 105°.




45 Eugenia

45 Eugenia is a big Main belt asteroid. It is famous because it is one of the first asteroids to be found to have a moon orbiting it. It is also the second known triple asteroid, after 87 Sylvia.

Eugenia was found in 1857 by Hermann Goldschmidt. It was named after Empress Eugenia di Montijo, the wife of Napoleon III, and was the first asteroid to be named after a real person, rather than a figure from classical legend (although there had been controversy about whether 12 Victoria was really named for the mythological figure or for Queen Victoria).

Eugenia is a big asteroid, with a diameter of 214 km. It is an F-type asteroid, which means that it is very dark in colouring (darker than soot) made up of carbonate. Like Mathilde, its density appears to be unusually low, indicating that it may be a loosely-packed rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken apart by a collision and pulled back together by gravity).

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Eugenia's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-30°, 124°) with a 10° uncertainty, which gives it an axial tilt of 117°. Eugenia's rotation is then retrograde.

In November 1998, astronomers at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope on Mauna Kea, Hawaii, found a small moon orbiting Eugenia. This was the first time a moon orbiting an asteroid had been found by a ground-based telescope. Eugenia's moon has been named (45) Eugenia I Petit-Prince, after Empress Eugenia's son, the Prince Imperial. The moon is much smaller than Eugenia, about 13 km in diameter, and takes five days to complete an orbit around it.

A second, smaller (estimated diameter of 6 km) moon that orbits closer to Eugenia than Petit-Prince has since been found and provisionally named S/2004 (45) 1. It was found by analyses of three images acquired in February 2004 from the 8.2 m VLT "Yepun" at the European Southern Observatory (ESO) Cerro Paranal, in Chile. The discovery was announced in IAUC 8817, on 7 March 2007 by Franck Marchis and his IMCCE collaborators.


Moomin (singer)

MOOMIN (b. July 13, 1972) is a Japanese reggae singer. He comes from Chigasaki City, Kanagawa Prefecture.


List of Japanese deities

This is a list of divinities native to Japanese beliefs and religious traditions. Many of these are from Shinto, while others were imported via Buddhism or Taoism and "integrated" into Japanese mythology and folklore.

The following is a list of some of the major and minor deities called kami in Shinto. As it is often said that there are "yaoyorozu-no-kami" or 8 million kami (a representation of an infinite number), it would be impossible to list them all.

Ama-no-Uzume 

Amaterasu-ō-mi-kami 

Ame-no-Koyane 

Fujin 

Hachiman 

Inari 

Izanagi 

Izanami 

Ninigi-no-Mikoto 

Raijin 

Ryūjin 

Susanoo-no-mikoto 

Tenjin

Toyotama-hime 

Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto 


Amida Nyorai 

Daruma 

Benzaiten 

Bishamonten 

Daikokuten 

Ebisu 

Fukurokuju 

Hotei 

Kichijōten 

Jurōjin


Lantana camara

Lantana camara or Spanish flag is a hairy shrub native from tropical America. It is regarded as a notorious weed, and popular ornamental garden plant in many parts of the world.


14th Dalai Lama

His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso is the fourteenth Dalai Lama. His full name is Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso. The Dalai Lama was born in Tagtser (Amdo) in Tibet to a family of farmers on July 6, 1935. He is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama. He is the political and spiritual leader of Tibet. On October 6, 2009, he received the Lantos Human Rights Prize from United States House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. In 1989 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work encouraging understanding between different religions and encouraging people and countries to care for one another. He is always working for the freedom of Tibet through dialogue, and encourages young Tibetans to study their language, history and philosophy to preserve it and to promote it to the world.


Lama

In the Tibetan language, lama means teacher. A lama is a religious teacher, guide, or mentor of Tibetan Buddhism. The meaning is similar to the Sanskrit term "guru". The word "lama" is part of the title, Dalai Lama.

Rinpoche

Rinpoche is a title in Tibetan Buddhism which may be given to a religious teacher known as a lama. The word "Rinpoche" literally means "precious one". 

In Tibet and Bhutan, when used as "Guru Rinpoche" it refers to Padmasambhava, who first brought Tibetan Buddhism to the Himalayas. When used as "Je Rinpoche", it refers to Je Tsongkhapa, the founder of the Gelug School.

Padmasambhava

Padmasambhava was a Buddhist monk from the Gandhara region (Oddiyana) of Pakistan. He is the person who brought Buddhism to Tibet in the 8th century and founded the Nyima school of Tibetan Buddhism. The name is in the Sanskrit language and means "born from a lotus flower". In Bhutan and Tibet he is better known as Guru Rinpoche ("Precious Master") or Lopon Rinpoche, where followers of the Nyingma school regard him as the second Buddha.

The mantra of Padmasambhva is ""Om Ah Hum Vajra Guru Padma Siddhi Hum"" and is called the "Vajra Guru mantra". There is also a prayer called "The Seven Line Prayer" which is devoted to him.



Kitsune

Foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient Japan; this is why there are legends about them. Kitsune have become closely associated with Inari, a Shinto "kami" or spirit, and serve as his messengers. This role has reinforced the fox's supernatural importance. The more tails a kitsune has — they may have as many as nine — the older, wiser, and more powerful it is. Because of their potential power and influence, some people make offerings to them as to a god.

Phonetics

Phonetics (from the Greek word φωνή, "phone" which means 'sound' or 'voice') is the science of the sounds of human speech. Someone who is an expert in phonetics is called a phonetician.

Phonetic theory regards the nature of sounds in speech (called phones) and how they are made, heard and thought of. Phonology, which came from it, studies sound systems and sound units (such as phonemes and distinctive features). Phonetics is one of the two parts of orthographical linguistics, the other part being spelling, differing from grammar and lexis.

Phonetics has three main branches:

There are more than 100 different phones recognized by the International Phonetic Association (IPA) and are shown in their writing system called the International Phonetic Alphabet.

The first time phonetics was studied was 2,500 years ago in what is now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan
, with , when he wrote about the place and manner of articulation of consonants in Sanskrit in his 5th century BC essay on Sanskrit linguistics. The major Indic scripts today order their consonants the way did.


Laws of Form

Laws of Form is a book by George Spencer-Brown published in 1969. It is about logic, mathematics, and philosophy. The mathematical systems that Spencer-Brown presented in the book are known by the names "calculus of indications", "distinction calculus", and often just "LOF".

"Laws of Form" grew out of the author's work in electronic engineering. The book has been published in several editions and translations and has never gone out of print. A short book, its mathematical part is only 55 pages long.

Spencer-Brown's philosophy was influenced by Ludwig Wittgenstein, R.D. Laing, Charles Sanders Peirce, Bertrand Russell, and Alfred North Whitehead.

"Laws of Form" was listed in the "Whole Earth Catalog" in 1969 and quickly became a cult classic. The calculus of indications and the primary algebra may be regarded as a way to think about a fundamental activity of the mind, namely, the ability to "distinguish" or to "draw distinctions". The book argues that this ability is the foundation of human cognition and consciousness. According to Spencer-Brown, the primary arithemetic and primary algebra reveal new connections among logic, mathematics, the philosophy of language, and the philosophy of mind.

Let 0 and 1 be the two basic primitive values of Boolean algebra. Let "AB" denote a binary operation of Boolean algebra. Let ("X") stand for the Boolean complement of "X". Then the calculus of indications is simply Boolean arithmetic reduced to the two equations 11=1 and (1)=0. These are the only "axioms" in "LoF".

The primary algebra is mainly a simpler notation for Boolean algebra, except for one thing. In Boolean algebra, () is not defined. () is "empty" complementation (the complementation of "nothing"). On the other hand, in the primary algebra () is defined, and stands for one of 0 or 1. (()) stands for the other primitive value, and is the same thing as the blank page.

Let "A" and "B" be any two expressions of the primary algebra. The primary algebra is made up of equations of the form "A"="B", and these equations are treated in the same way as the equations of the number algebra taught in all schools. Standard methods of logic seldom use equations. "LoF" argues that doing elementary logic with the primary algebra is easier. In particular, if "A" is a tautology in logic, then one of "A"=() or "A"=(()) holds in the primary algebra.

"Laws of Form" proves the following fact about the primary algebra:


Hence the primary algebra is a well-behaved piece of mathematics. It can be useful even if the philosophy and cognitive science of "LoF" are wrong or uninteresting.



Marx Brothers

The Marx Brothers were a popular team of sibling comedians who appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, movie, and television. 

The brothers were Chico, Harpo, Groucho, Gummo and Zeppo.

Born in New York City, the Marx Brothers were the sons of Jewish immigrants from Germany. Their mother, Minnie Schönberg, was from Dornum in East Frisia, and their father Simon Marrix (whose name was changed to Sam Marx, and who was nicknamed "Frenchy") was a native of Alsace, now part of France, and worked as a tailor. The family lived in the then-poor Yorkville section of New York City's Upper East Side, between the Irish, German and Italian Quarters.

The Marx Brothers began as a musical group, during the days of vaudeville theater. They would make jokes, play funny characters, and pretend to get into fights when they performed. In time their got them more applause (and work) than their music, and they became a comedy group. Music stayed in their act, with the brothers performing in character, but their focus was on getting laughs. Makeup and costumes gave their characters their look. When the brothers were out of costume, they could blend into the audience.

Gummo did not appear in any of the movies. In the movies, each brother played a role that was mostly the same in every movie. Groucho was a "wise guy" who had big bushy eyebrows, glasses, and a moustache who smoked a cigar; Chico spoke with an Italian accent and played the piano; Harpo never spoke and played the harp. Zeppo usually played the straight man. He left the group in 1933, and they worked with other actors. Margaret Dumont played the leading lady role in many of their shows. She did not appear to know when a joke was made about her, and this made her role funnier.

The brothers had some good years and some bad years. Groucho lost a lot of money in 1929, when the stock market collapsed. (Years later, he visited the New York Stock Exchange, and drew so much attention that trading stopped for several minutes. Groucho joked that he came "to get his money's worth" in stopping business.) Chico had a problem with gambling, and lost more money than he won at it. Harpo and his wife could not have children of their own, so they adopted enough to have a large family. (When Adolf Hitler took control of Germany in the 1930s, and stories came back about his mistreatment of Jewish people, Harpo legally changed his name from Adolph to Arthur, even though he was better known as Harpo.)

Groucho kept working after his brothers retired. He hosted a television quiz show called "You Bet Your Life", which was more liked for Groucho's way of hosting than for the game itself. He made a few movie and television appearances late in his life. He also appeared at Carnegie Hall, telling stories about his life and career, and singing songs from every part of his career. A recording of his Carnegie Hall show became a .

Films with the Four Marx Brothers:

Films with the three Marx Brothers (post-Zeppo):

Solo endeavors:

M. C. Escher

Maurits Cornelis Escher (17 June 1898 – 27 March 1972), usually referred to as M. C. Escher, was a Dutch graphic artist born in Leeuwarden, Netherlands. He is known for his often mathematically inspired woodcuts, lithographs and mezzotints. These feature impossible constructions, explorations of infinity, architecture and tessellations (tilings).

During his life, Escher made 448 lithographs, woodcuts and wood engravings. He did over 2000 drawings and sketches. He also illustrated books, designed tapestries, postage stamps and murals. Escher was interested in different ways of making art, he used tile-like repeated patterns in many of his paintings. Early in his career he drew inspirations of nature: he studied art, landscapes and insects. Some of Escher’s most famous drawings include: "Drawing hands", "Relativity" and "Flying Fish". Most of his works were related to mathematics.

Adit

An adit is a type of entrance to a mine which is horizontal or nearly horizontal. Adits are usually built into the side of a hill or mountain, and often occur when coal or ore is located inside the mountain but above the local valley floor or coastal plain. The use of adits is generally called "drift mining".

Mitsubishi A5M Claude

The A5M Claude was a Japanese fighter aircraft made by Mitsubishi. It first flew in 1935 and was introduced in 1937. It was the first monoplane (fixed-wing aircraft with one set of wings) that could work from an aircraft carrier. It was similar to the P-26 Peashooter, an American monoplane fighter. It fought in the second Sino-Japanese War. After the Pearl Harbor attacks, it was not good enough to fight against American fighters like the Curtiss P-40 and the F4F Wildcat, so it was replaced by the A6M Zero.

Near the end of WW2, many A5M’s were pulled out of retirement to be used as suicidal kamikaze aircraft.


Birmingham, Alabama

Birmingham is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Alabama, with about 197,000 people living in it. It is the county seat of Jefferson County. Its metropolitan area is the biggest in Alabama with more than 1.1 million people living in it. The city has an area of about and an elevation of above sea level.

Birmingham was founded in 1871. Three smaller towns came together to make one, which grew into a large town. It was named after Birmingham, England, a British industrial city. The Alabama city is famous for its iron ore, coal, and limestone, which were used in the town's steel mills.

Birmingham became famous around the world when a bomb exploded in the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church on Sunday September 15, 1963. Four young black girls were killed. A member of the Ku Klux Klan was charged for the bombing many years later. Richard Farina wrote a sad song called "Birmingham Sunday" in 1964 to the tune of "I Love A Lass". It has been recorded by several singers, including Joan Baez.

Independent Women Part I

"Independent Women (Part I)" is an R&B song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Sam Barnes, Jen-Claude Olivier, and Cory Rooney for Destiny's Child's third studio album, "Survivor" (2001), only considered as a bonus track. It was produced by Knowles, Rooney, and Poke & Tone and first appeared on the soundtrack to the film "Charlie's Angels". Released as both the soundtrack's and album's first single in fall 2000, the song held the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for eleven consecutive weeks from November 2000 to February 2001. Although, for the United Kingdom, it was released on the same day, with both Part I and Part II counting as the song release.

The music video was directed by Francis Lawrence. At the end, the women are greeted by the ever-mysterious "Charlie".



Huntsville, Alabama

Huntsville is a city in the north of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is in Madison County. It extends west into Limestone county. Huntsville is the county seat of Madison County. The 2020 census showed that Huntsville has a population of 215,006. The Huntsville metropolitan area's population was 491,723 in 2020.

Huntsville is both the largest city in Alabama by population, and the largest city in Alabama by area.

John Hunt first settled in Huntsville in 1805. The town was named Twickenham after Alexander Pope's home town at the request of Leroy Pope. However, the town was renamed to "Huntsville" on November 25, 1811. It has grown across nearby hills and along the Tennessee River. It has textile mills and also munitions factories. Also in this city are NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command at the Redstone Arsenal. The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its "America's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010" list.

Huntsville is named after John Hunt. He was the first settler of the land around the Big Spring Park. However, Hunt did not correctly register his claim. The area was purchased by Leroy Pope, who named it Twickenham honour the home village of his kinsman Alexander Pope.

Twickenham was carefully planned. The streets were built from the northeast to southwest direction based on the Big Spring ("see images below"). However, due to anti-English feeling during the War of 1812, the town name was changed to Huntsville to honour John Hunt, who had been forced to move to other land south of the new city.

Both John Hunt and Leroy Pope were Freemasons and charter members of Helion Lodge.

In 1811, Huntsville became the first official town in Alabama. However, the recognized "birth" year of the city is 1805. This was the year of John Hunt's arrival. The city's sesquicentennial anniversary was held in 1955 and the bicentennial was celebrated in 2005.

Huntsville's quick growth was generated by the cotton and railroad industries. Many rich planters moved to the area from Virginia, Georgia and the Carolinas. The forty-four delegates who met in Huntsville wrote a constitution for the new state of Alabama. The new state constitution said that Huntsville is Alabama's first capital. This was temporary for one legislative session only. The capital was then moved to another temporary location, Cahawba, until the legislature selected Montgomery as the permanent location.

In 1855, the Memphis and Charleston Railroad was built through Huntsville. It became the first railway to link the Atlantic coast with the lower Mississippi River.

Huntsville firstly opposed secession from the Union in 1861, but provided many men for the state's defense. The 4th Alabama Infantry Regiment, led by Col. Egbert J. Jones of Huntsville, fought at the Battle of Manassas. It was the first major battle of the American Civil War. The Fourth Alabama Infantry, which contained two Huntsville companies, were the first Alabama troops to fight in the war. Eight generals of the war were born in or near Huntsville.

After the Civil War, Huntsville became a center for cotton textile mills, such as Lincoln, Dallas and Merrimack. Each mill had its own housing community. It included everything the mill workers needed (schools, churches, grocery stores, theatres, and hardware stores, all within walking distance of the mill).

During the 1930s, industry decreased in Huntsville because of the Great Depression. Huntsville became known as the Watercress Capital of the World because of its harvest in the area. Madison County produced most cotton in Alabama during this time.

By 1940, Huntsville was still a small quiet town with a population of only 13,150 inhabitants. This quickly changed with the beginning of World War II. Huntsville was chosen as the location of Huntsville Arsenal, with chemical and munitions manufacturing plants. The Arsenal was almost closed in 1949 when it was no longer needed, but it saw new life when Major General Holger Toftoy with support from Senator John Sparkman convinced the U.S. Army to choose Huntsville as the location for its missile research program. In 1950, General Toftoy brought German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun and his team to Redstone Arsenal to develop what would eventually become the United States' space program.

On September 8, 1960, U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower formally dedicated the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville.

The city's nickname is ""The Rocket City"" for its close history with U.S. space missions. Huntsville has been important in developing space technology. Since the 1950s, when the German scientists headed by Wernher von Braun, brought to the United States at the end of World War II through Operation Paperclip, managed to develop rockets for the U.S. Army. Their work included designing a rocket, that carried the first U.S. satellite and astronauts into space.

The Saturn V, used by the Apollo program manned Moon missions, was developed at Marshall Space Flight Center. Huntsville continues to play an important role in the United States' Space Shuttle and International Space Station programs.

Huntsville's economy was nearly crippled and growth came to a near standstill in the 1970s following the closure of the Apollo program. The emergence of the Space Shuttle and the ever-expanding field of missile defense in the 1980s helped give Huntsville a resurgence that has continued into the 21st century.

Burlington, Vermont

Burlington is a city in the American state of Vermont. It is the county seat of Chittenden County. Burlington was first settled in 1783. It became a city in 1865.

Burlington is Vermont's largest city. It has a population of about 40,000 people. It is the smallest American city that is also the largest in its state. Burlington has a metropolitan population of about 210,000.

The city is located on the east bank of Lake Champlain. Burlington has an area of about 15.5 sq miles. It sits at an elevation of 200 feet. The suburb of Shelburne is 7 miles nearby Burlington.




Although there is no formal twinning agreement, Burlington takes part in the annual Burlington International Games with


Loretta Spencer

Loretta Purdy Spencer was the mayor of Huntsville, Alabama. Her first term began October 4, 1996. Her last term ended on November 3, 2008. Spencer is the first woman to be elected mayor of Huntsville. 

Tuscaloosa, Alabama

Tuscaloosa is a city and county seat of Tuscaloosa County, Alabama. Tuscaloosa has a population of about 100,000 people and a metro population of about 270,000 people. Tuscaloosa has an area of about . It sits at a height of .

Hoover, Alabama

Hoover is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama.

Hoover has a population of about 93,000 people.

Hoover has an area of about 43 miles and sits at a height of 577 feet.

Dothan, Alabama

Dothan is a city and county seat of Houston County, Alabama. The city has a population of about 70,000 people. Dothan has an area of about and sits at a height of .


Decatur, Alabama

Decatur is a city and county seat of Morgan County, Alabama. It has a population of about 58,000 people. Decatur has an area of about 60 miles and sits at a height of about 561 feet.


Auburn, Alabama

Auburn is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States. It is the largest city in eastern Alabama. In 2020, it had a population of 76,143. It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area.

Auburn is a college town and is the home of Auburn University. Auburn is known for its fast growing during the last years. It is currently the fastest growing metropolitan area in Alabama. It is also the nineteenth-fastest growing metro area in the United States since 1990. Auburn is among the top ten list of best places to live in United States for the year 2009. The city's unofficial nickname is “The Loveliest Village On The Plains”. This comes from a line in the poem “The Deserted Village” by Oliver Goldsmith: “Sweet Auburn! loveliest village of the plain...”

The first settlers arrived in the winter of 1836 from Harris County, Georgia. The leader of these settlers was the judge John J. Harper. They wanted to build a town that would be the religious and educational center for this area.

Auburn was firstly official mentioned on February 2, 1839. At this time it covered an area of . By that time, Methodist and Baptist churches and also a school were built. In the mid-1840s, different academies for boys and girls were founded in addition to the primary school. By 1858, of the about 1,000 free residents of Auburn, some 500 were students.

In 1856, the state legislature allowed to build a Methodist college, the East Alabama Male College in Auburn. This college, now Auburn University, opened its doors in 1859. It offered a classical and liberal education.

With the Civil War in 1861, Auburn quickly emptied. All of the schools and most businesses closed. Auburn was the site of a hospital for Texan Confederate soldiers.

After the Civil War, Auburn went in a long depression. Public schools did not reopen until the mid-1870s. Most businesses remained closed. A series of fires in the 1860s and 1870s burned down the downtown area. East Alabama Male College was turned over to the state in 1872.

In 1892, the college became the first four-year college in Alabama where women are allowed to study. This, combined with new funding businesses, allowed the city to start expanding again. By 1910, Auburn's population had returned to its pre-war level. SIAA Conference championships won by the Auburn college’s football team brought attention and support to Auburn. It helped fill the city's coffers.

Money began to flow into Auburn again with America's entry into World War II. Auburn’s campus was turned into a training ground for technical specialists in the armed forces. After the war, Auburn was flooded by soldiers returning to school on the G.I. Bill.

Because of this increase of students, Auburn began a period of growth that lasted through the 1950s and 1960s. Auburn grew outside of the original boundaries of the city. Auburn grew to an area of nearly . In 1957, the construction of Interstate 85 began. This connected Auburn to the major cities of the state. It allowed for Auburn University to schedule more home football games in Auburn. It also pushed the tourism sector in Auburn.

Growth slowed somewhat in the 1970s. A series of budget cuts made it clear that Auburn's economic concentration on Auburn University put the city in a bad position.

A series of reports in the 1980s and 1990s made the Auburn public school system among the top in the state. Between 1980 and 2003, Auburn's population grew by 65%. Auburn's economy expanded by 220%. With growth came issues of urban sprawl. This has become the primary political issue in Auburn at the turn of the 21st century.

The city of Auburn is in western Lee County. It borders the city of Opelika to the northeast and by Chambers County to the north. The city borders in south to the Macon County line.

Auburn is located at (32.597684, -85.480823). According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of in 2000, of which, of it is land and of it (1.11%) is water. The elevation of Auburn at City Hall is above sea level. Although because of Auburn’s topography, elevation ranges from above sea level to above sea level.

Auburn has a council-manager government led by an eight-member city council, a mayor, and an appointed city manager.

The city council acts as the legislative part of the city. It passes laws, regulates and appoints citizens to the city's various boards, including the Auburn City Board of Education. Each member of the city council is elected for a four-year term from one of eight geographic areas. Area one1 is designed to ensure African-American representation on the council.

The mayor of Auburn is elected to a four-year term. The mayor has no administrative duties, as the City Manager serves as the CEO. As such, the position of mayor in Auburn is primarily symbolic.

The day-to-day operations of Auburn are run by the City Manager. The City Manager is responsible for the appointment and dismissal of all department heads. He advises the council on policy matters, creates and administers the city budget.

Auburn's economy is centered around Auburn University and university-related services. Auburn University employs 4,300 people. This is about one-quarter of the city's total working population. In addition, 2,400 people are employed by the federal and state government. They are in positions which are generally connected with the university. Some 8,500 are employed in the local service sector.

Auburn's industrial base is built around mid-sized, high-tech manufacturing and research firms. Auburn has four technology parks. The main areas of industrial focus are on the manufacture of small engines and fuel cells. The Auburn University Research Park is currently under construction. Overall, the manufacturing sector employs 5,000 people in Auburn.

Casper, Wyoming

Casper is an American city in the state of Wyoming. It is in Natrona County. About 50,000 people live in Casper. Casper has an area of about 25 square miles and sits at an elevation of 5,150 feet.

Wilmington, Delaware

Wilmington is the largest city in the state of Delaware, United States, and the county seat of New Castle County. It had 70,898 people in 2020.

Wilmington has an area of about and is above sea level, at the place where the Christina River and Brandywine Creek meet.

U.S. President Joe Biden is from Wilmington and owns a home here.

Niña

The Niña was one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the Pinta and the Santa Maria.

Pinta (ship)

The Pinta is one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the Niña and the Santa Maria.

Santa Maria

The Santa Maria was one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the "Pinta" and the "Nina". It is named after Saint Mary.

52 Europa

52 Europa is an asteroid. It has a diameter of 289 km, and was found on February 4, 1858 by H. Goldschmidt. It is named after Europa, one of Zeus's conquests in Greek mythology. Europa is the seventh biggest asteroid by volume and the sixth biggest by mass (after Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, Hygiea, and Interamnia) and contains somewhat less than 2% of the mass of the entire main belt.

It is a very dark carbonaceous C-type, and the fourth-biggest of these. It orbits close to the Hygiea asteroid family, but is not a member. Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of olivines and pyroxenes on the surface.

Lightcurve data for Europa has been very hard to interpret, so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute (5 and a half, or 11 hours?) despite many observations. It has now been determined that Europa is a prograde rotator, but the exact direction in which its pole points remains unclear. The most detailed analysis indicates that it points either towards about ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (70°, 55°) or (40°, 255°) with a 10° uncertainty . This gives an axial tilt of about 14° or 54°, respectively.

It has been found that the star CV Aquarii found in 1934, was actually an incorrect misidentification of 52 Europa.


Three Jewels

The Three Jewels, also called the Three Treasures, the Three Refuges, or the Triple Gem, are the three things that Buddhists give themselves to, and in return look toward for guidance, in the process known as "taking refuge". 

The Three Jewels are:


Dharma (Buddhism)

Dharma in Buddhism means the teachings of the Buddha which lead to enlightenment.

What is called "Buddhism" in western countries is called buddha-dharma in eastern countries. This term simply means "Path of Awakening" and is thus a form of dharma.


The Dharma is one of the Three Jewels of Buddhism of which followers of Buddhism seek refuge in (what one relies on for his/her lasting happiness). The three jewels of Buddhism are the Buddha (mind's perfection of enlightenment), the Dharma (teachings and methods), and the Sangha (awakened beings who provide guidance and support).

Helvetic Republic

The Helvetic Republic was a state lasting for five years, from 1798 to 1803. Its name came from the Helvetii people.

Helvetii

The Helvetii were a Celtic tribe and the main dwellers of the Swiss plateau in the 1st century BC. They are usually featured in Julius Caesar’s commentaries on the Gallic War.


Saas Fee

Saas-Fee is the main village in the Saastal or the Saas Valley and is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Evolène

Evolène is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Baden, Switzerland

Baden is a city and municipality of the district Swiss canton of Aargau.


Baldingen, Aargau

Baldingen was a municipality of the district Zurzach in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Beinwil

Beinwil could mean:


Beinwil (Freiamt)

Beinwil (Freiamt) is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ratification

Ratification is the confirmation of a treaty.

Treaties are signed by members of the government of a country. Many treaties make a country do something, or change the law of the countries which agree to it. Therefore some countries can only ratify a treaty if it is confirmed by the legislature of the country, or by a referendum (a vote of the people).

The founders solved this issue by dropping the Amendment requirements. 

In the past treaties were signed by delegates chosen by the ruler of a country. To make sure that the treaty was acceptable to the ruler the treaty would not take effect until it was ratified by the ruler.

The United States is only bound by a treaty if the Senate agrees. So although President Woodrow Wilson signed the Treaty of Versailles which ended the First World War with Germany and set up the League of Nations the treaty never took effect for the USA because the US Senate never gave its "advice and consent" (agreed) to the treaty. This is why there was a separate peace treaty between Germany and the USA

In the United Kingdom the government ratifies treaties, it does not need the agreement of the House of Commons. However if the treaty is going to change the law then a separate act of parliament is needed. For example before Britain entered the European Union in 1973 the European Communities Act had to be passed to make the changes to the law that were needed.


Beinwil am See

Beinwil am See is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team. They play in New Orleans, Louisiana. They play their home games at the Smoothie King Center. The Pelicans are a part of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team started playing in the NBA in 1988 as the Charlotte Hornets playing in Charlotte, North Carolina. They moved to New Orleans in 2002. During the 2005 - 2006 and 2006 - 2007 seasons, the team was moved to Oklahoma City because of the damage caused in New Orleans by Hurricane Katrina. During this time they were called the New Orleans / Oklahoma City Hornets. The team returned to New Orleans for the 2007-2008 season.

After the 2012-2013 season, on April 18, 2013, the team changed its name to the "New Orleans Pelicans", and their team colors became red, blue, and gold. Michael Jordan, owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, brought the Hornets name back to Charlotte by renaming the Bobcats for the 2014-2015 season.

List of WWE personnel

WWE is an American professional wrestling promotion based in Stamford, Connecticut. WWE personnel consists of professional wrestlers, managers, play-by-play and color commentators, ring announcers, interviewers, referees, trainers, producers, road agents, creative writers, and various other positions. Executives and board members are also listed.

WWE contracts typically range from developmental contracts to multi-year deals. WWE describes most personnel as independent contractors. Personnel on the main roster appear on specific brands such as Raw and SmackDown Live while they can also appear on WWE's primary weekly television programming such as Main Event, Superstars, Total Divas as well as pay-per-views, and at live events.

Personnel from the NXT division appear on the television series of the same name, which airs online in the U.S. and on TV in select countries, and at live events. Personnel on the main roster may wrestle in NXT and vice versa.

Personnel are organized below by their role in WWE. Their ring name is on the left and their real name is on the right. If someone is inactive for any reason, due to injury, suspension, not appearing in more than 30 days, or otherwise, that information is noted. WWE refers to its performers as superstars.

As of 2021, WWE employs over 800 full-time employees. It also has many vendors and service providers working for it. WWE calls the people who wrestly for it "independent contractors". These people have contracts that range from short developmental to contracts that last many years. 

Since the WWE's brand extension in 2016, performers work on one of two "main roster" brands – Raw and SmackDown. 

A third brand, NXT, was created to be a developmental brand for the main roster. New people would go there to train to work for the main brands. In 2019 it was made into the third main roster brand. In 2021, the brand was changed to "NXT 2.0". The brand returned to being the developmental division for Raw and SmackDown. Some developmental performers work on NXT's United Kingdom-based brand NXT UK.

Main roster performers work on "Monday Night Raw" and "Friday Night SmackDown". Developmental wrestlers work on "NXT 2.0", "NXT: Level Up" and NXT UK. At times, some main roster performers are seen on NXT.

Personnel in WWE's developmental system usualy train at the Performance Center in Orlando, Florida. There is also a UK Performance Center in London, England.

Eaach brand has their own distinct championships. There are some titles which do not belong to either brand. Wrestlers from any brand can win these championships. They include the WWE 24/7 Championship and the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship.

The McMahon family are the main owners of WWE. In addition to their job for the company, they also appear on-air as authority figures and wrestlers on all of the brands.

The following list features wrestlers – promoted as free agents – who make limited or part-time appearances (such as Hall of Famers or legends), and thus aren't bound to any one brand, as well as newly-signed and undrafted personnel who are awaiting brand assignment.

The following serve as on-air authority figures (under the title "WWE Official") on both Raw and SmackDown.

Note: NXT UK—while a distinct brand—is also considered part of NXT, thus wrestlers may appear on both brands.

The following section pertains to announcers who cover WWE broadcasts. This group includes presenters, ringside commentators, ring announcers, backstage interviewers, pre-show hosts, and analysts.

Select former or retired WWE wrestlers not currently on the main roster (sometimes billed as "WWE Legends") and other celebrities and personalities have contracts to make periodic appearances—either on WWE TV or for promotional events—serving as "ambassadors" (public representatives/spokespeople) for the company.

Note: as NXT and 205 Live are based at the Performance Center, PC coaches and trainers also work as producers for the brands.



The Queen Vic

The Queen Vic (full name The Queen Victoria) is a fictional pub in the British television show EastEnders. It has the fictional address of 46 Albert Square, Walford, London E20. It is known for being painted several times during the series. 

Charlotte Hornets

Charlotte Hornets is the name of several past and present sports teams in Charlotte, North Carolina:

Ian Beale

Ian Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Adam Woodyatt. He is the drama's longest-serving main character, and, following the departure of Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard) in 2006, was the only one to have appeared continuously from its inception. The character appeared in his 2,000th episode in the show on 26 March 2007, and his 3,000th on 27 May 2016. After 36 years on the show, Woodyatt departed "EastEnders" on 22 January 2021.

Ian is the son of Pete (Peter Dean) and Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth). He is the nephew of Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard).

Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs

Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a 1970 album by Derek and the Dominos. It includes one of the best rock songs of all time, with the memorable guitar riff, "Layla".


National Rugby League

The National Rugby League (NRL) is a professional sports league in Australia. They play rugby league. The modern competition was formed in 1998, but its predecessor has run since 1908. There are 17 teams. Sixteen teams are from Australia and one is from New Zealand. The NRL is the most popular sporting league in Australia, mainly in the states of New South Wales and Queensland, whilst there is also one team in Victoria and the ACT. It is the biggest rugby league competition in the world.

The current teams are: 


Winners and runners-up for NRL Grand Finals since 1998 include:


NRL - Premiership Winners

Alison Krauss

Alison Maria Krauss (born July 23, 1971) is an American bluegrass-country singer and fiddle player. She is famous for being the leader of the band "Alison Krauss & Union Station", and has produced albums for artists like Nickel Creek, Reba McEntire, and Alan Jackson. She has 28 Grammy Awards, more than any other female artist in history.

Lyle Lovett

Lyle Pearce Lovett (born November 1, 1957) is an American country singer-songwriter and actor.


Dolly Parton

Dolly Rebecca Parton (born January 19, 1946) is an American, Grammy Award-winning country music singer/songwriter, composer, author, creator of The Mercy and DJ show and actress. She has become one of the most successful female country artists in history, with 25 number-one singles (a record for a female country artist) and 41 top-10 country albums (a record for any country artist). She is known for her top-three single "Here You Come Again" and the number-one hits "9 to 5" and "Islands in the Stream" (a duet with singer Kenny Rogers).

Her 1967 song "Dumb Blonde" was heard by country singer Porter Wagoner, and he asked Parton to be a part of his television show. Her single "Jolene" reached number one in 1974, becoming a solo artist, though still performed and recorded with Wagoner.

In the fifty-four years since her debut, Parton has become one of the most famous country artists in the world.

In December 2022, Parton announced that she will create the Nickelodeon show The Mercy and DJ show, which premiered on March 19, 2023.

Parton is the godmother of singer and actress Miley Cyrus.




Vince Gill

Vincent Grant "Vince" Gill (born April 12, 1957) is an American country music singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.









1256

Abingdon School is founded.
Roger Bacon becomes a Franciscan Friar.





Glen Phillips

Glen Phillips (born December 29, 1970) is an American songwriter, singer and guitarist. He is best known as the singer and songwriter of 1990s alternative rock group Toad the Wet Sprocket.




Jon Brion

Jon Brion (born December 11, 1963) is an American rock and pop multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, composer and record producer. He was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. His mother was a jazz singer, his father a band director at Yale, his brother is an arranger and sister a violinist.

Brion and Bill Murphy began writing together in New Haven, Connecticut. They recorded some demo tracks in makeshift apartment studios, and worked out their arrangements at Yale University Campus. They enlisted the talents of bassist Don "Riff" Fertman to form The Bats (unlike the New Zealand band of the same name). In 1982, the trio created a imaginative set of pop songs in a small studio in Connecticut. A single called "Popgun" followed by an LP entitled "How Pop Can You Get?" were released on the independent label Gustav. The album failed to chart, and the group was disbanded.





Bruce Molsky

Bruce Molsky (born in Manhattan, New York in 1955) is an American fiddler, banjo player, guitarist, and singer. He teaches the fiddle at the Berklee College of Music in Boston, as part of its American Roots program. He has been nominated for two Grammy Awards.

He has made several recordings, including:


Béla Fleck

Béla Fleck (born July 10, 1958 in New York City, New York) is an American banjo player. He is best known for his work with the band Béla Fleck and the Flecktones.


Tasty Licks

Spectrum

The New Grass Revival

Béla Fleck and the Flecktones


Sam Bush
Curandero
Dave Matthews Band
Eddie From Ohio
Jimmy Sturr & His Orchestra
Jorma Kaukonen
Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
Charlie Peacock
Phish
Keller Williams


Tift Merritt

Tift Merritt (born January 8, 1975) is an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. Born in Houston, Texas, Merritt moved to Raleigh, North Carolina at a young age. She has been compared to songwriters like Joni Mitchell and Emmylou Harris.

In 2009, Merritt married Zeke Hutchins, her band's drummer and her long-time partner. They live in New York City.

In addition to Austin City Limits, Merritt has been on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and the Late Show with David Letterman. Her music has been in The L Word, Men In Trees, United States of Tara and the movie New in Town. 


Elliott Smith

Steven Paul "Elliott" Smith (August 6, 1969 – October 21, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He grew up in Duncanville, Texas. He died of stab wounds to his chest in 2003 when he was 34 years old. It is not known if it was suicide or murder. At the time of his death, Smith had been making his sixth album "From a Basement on the Hill". It was released on October 19, 2004. In 2007 another album called "New Moon" was released.


Sugar Hill Records

Sugar Hill Records is a folk music record label. Some of the artists who have released albums with the label are Nickel Creek, Allison Moorer, Sam Bush and Dolly Parton.

1251

1251 was a common year.




1240

1240 was a leap year.




1237

1237 was a common year.




Dot Branning

Dot Branning (also Cotton) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by June Brown from 1985 to 1993 and 1997 to 2020. She worked in the laundrette and smoked Superkings.

Pat Evans

Pat Evans (also Beale, Harris, Wicks and Butcher) is a fictional character from the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders". She was played by Pam St Clement from June 1986 until January 2012, with a guest appearance in May 2016.

Middle way

The Middle Way or Middle Path is a teaching about a way of looking at things in Buddhism. This teaching advises a path of moderation, taking a middle way between extremes. In particular, the Buddha advises against taking a either an overly hard path or an overly easy path. He said that a person should not be either too self-indulgent or self-denying. The middle way is a different way of life.

According the Third Noble Truth, the way to stop suffering is to stop wanting things. But if a person too strongly wants to stop wanting things, they are still wanting something. (to stop wanting things). The middle way helps solve this problem. Buddha came to this idea after six years of extreme self-denial in the search for how to end suffering. 


The Story of the Three Bears

"The Story of the Three Bears" is a literary fairy tale. It was written by Robert Southey and first published in 1837 in a collection of his essays and stories. Southey's story is about an old woman who enters the house of three bachelor bears during their absence. She eats their food, breaks a chair, and sleeps in a bed. She runs away when discovered. In time, the three bachelor bears became Papa, Mama, and Baby Bear. The old woman became a little girl called Goldilocks. The story supports several interpretations. It has been adapted to animated movies, a live action movie, and a short opera.

Three male bears"a Little, Small, Wee Bear ... a Middle-sized Bear ... and a Great, Huge Bear" live in a house in the woods. They each have a porridge pot, a chair, and a bed. One morning, they take a walk in the woods while their porridge cools. A little old woman"an impudent, bad old Woman"enters the house during the bears' absence. She eats the little bear's porridge, breaks his little chair, and falls asleep in his little bed. The bears come home, and discover the old woman asleep. She wakes, sees the bears, jumps out the window, and fall to her deathnever to be seen again.

"The Story of the Three Bears" was written by English writer Robert Southey. It was published in 1837 his 4-volume collection of essays and stories called "The Doctor". Southey probably heard a version of the story as a boy from his uncle William Tyler. It was this version that was probably the basis for the story Southey included in "The Doctor". It is unknown where or how his uncle learned the story. Southey had known the story for a long time before he published it. He had been telling it to family and friends since 1813. 

A very similar version of the story predates Southey's published one of 1837. In 1831, a lady named Eleanor Mure wrote the story in rhyming verse for her nephew's fourth birthday. In both Southey's and Mure's versions, the character who enters the bears' house is an ugly old woman. The two versions differ only in some small details: Southey's bears have porridge, for example, while Mure's bears have milk. 

The same year Southey published the story, a rhyming version was written by William Nicol. Southey wrote on 3 July 1837 that he had received Nicol's version. He liked it. He thought it would bring the story more attention from children. Nicol's version was published in 1841 with illustrations. 

The story of the three bears resembles parts of "Snow White", or a story from Norway about a princess and three princes dressed in bear skins. Charles Dickens included a story about goblins in his 1865 novel "Our Mutual Friend" that also resembles "The Three Bears". A story called "Scrapefoot" may be the original for "The Three Bears". This story has a fox (not a human) as the intruder in the bears' house.

About 12 years after Southey's story was published, writer Joseph Cundall changed the old woman into a little girl in his book "Treasury of Pleasure Books for Young Children". Cundall made this change because there were many children's books about old women at the time. Once the little girl entered the story, she stayed there. She was known over the years as Silverhair, Silverlocks, Goldenlocks, and other names. She finally became Goldilocks sometime in the early 20th century. 

In time, the three male bears of Southey's original became Papa, Mama, and Baby Bear. What was once a scary little story about a nosy, ugly old woman and three male bears became a cozy little story about a nosy, pretty little girl and a family of bears. In versions of the story from the Victorian Era, Southey's "[T]here she sate till the bottom of the chair came out, and down came her's, plump upon the ground" was changed to read "and down she came" instead. All mention of the human "bottom" was wiped out.

In "The Annotated Classic Fairy Tales" (2002), Harvard professor Maria Tatar writes that the story is sometimes regarded as a cautionary tale. It warns children about the dangers of wandering off into unknown places. She points out that the story is often presented today as one about what is "just right" for oneself. In earlier times however, the story was about interfering with someone else's property. 

In "The Uses of Enchantment" (1976), child psychologist Bruno Bettelheim discusses Goldilock's struggle to grow beyond her Oedipal issues to confront adolescent identity problems. The story does not encourage children to solve the problems of growing up, Bettelheim writes, and does not end with the traditional "happily ever after" promise for those who solve their Oedipal issues. He believes the tale does not allow the child reader to gain emotional maturity. 

Tatar writes, "[Bettelheim's] reading is perhaps too invested in instrumentalizing fairy tales, that is, in turning them into vehicles that convey messages and set forth behavioral models for the child. While the story may not solve oedipal issues or sibling rivalry as Bettelheim believes "Cinderella" does, it suggests the importance of respecting property and the consequences of just 'trying out' things that do not belong to you." 

The story supports a Freudian anal stage interpretation. In ""The Three Bears": Four Interpretations" (1977), Professor Emeritus of the University of California, David Alan C. Elms makes such an interpretation and points to the story's emphasis upon orderlinessone of the character traits Freud associated with the anal stage of human developmentas compelling evidence. Elms traces the story's anality to Southey and to his dirt-obsessed aunt who passed her obsession on to him in "somewhat milder form".

The Walt Disney and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios have both made animated movies about the Three BearsDisney in 1922 and MGM in 1939. Coronet Films made a short live action movie in 1958 that had real bears and a real child playing the characters. "Faerie Tale Theatre" made a television version in 1984. It stars Tatum O'Neal as Goldilocks.

Kurt Schwertsik wrote a 35-minute opera called "Roald Dahl's Goldilocks". Baby Bear is accused of assaulting Miss Goldie Locks. The tables are turned when the defense shows that the bears have had a lot of touble because of that "brazen little crook" Goldilocks. The was first presented in 1997 at the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall.


Bundesgerichtshof

The Bundesgerichtshof ("Federal Court of Justice") (BGH) is the highest German court for civil and criminal law. It is one of the five Supreme Courts in Germany.

are the other supreme courts. They only hear cases about their areas of law. There is no appeal from any of the supreme courts, unless someone's human rights are affected which is a matter for the Bundesverfassungsgericht - the Federal Constitutional Court to decide.

The Bundesgerichtshof was founded in 1950. Its headquarters were in the old Palace of the "Hereditary Grand Duke" (the "heir apparent") of Hesse in Karlsruhe.

Another part, the 5th criminal division is based in the "Villa Sack" in Leipzig. The idea was to move all of the court there after the reunification. The judges did not want to move so instead only the 5th criminal division was moved from Berlin to Leipzig.

The 5th division used to meet in West Berlin so that appeal cases could be heard in the city without having to take criminals across the DDR. The Federal Administrative Court moved into the Villa sack as well on August 22nd, 2002.

The BGH is divided into "senates". Each Senate has a judges as chairman and four assessors.

There are

Which senate hears a case depends on what is being argued about.

I. Copyrights, trademark rights, dishonest competition

II. Company law

III. Government liability

IV. Law of inheritance and insurance

V. Law of property

VI. ""Deliktsrecht"" Compensation after illegal acts tort

VII. Planning and building laws and regulations and contracts

VIII. Consumer and rent law

IX. Acts by lawyers and tax consultants, insolvency law

X. Patent and registered design law, "kind protection" (that is, protecting types of plants a breeder has grown),

Xa. Patent law, Travel contract law

XI. Banking law, loans and stock exhange law

XII. Family law and business rents law

The criminal senates hear cases from the 24 Higher Regional Courts . Which senate depends on which court the appeal comes from.

1. Bamberg, Karlsruhe, Munich, Nuremberg and Stuttgart as well as armed forces crimes and offence against the national defence, tax law;

2. Frankfurt am Main, Jena, Koblenz and Cologne;

3. Celle, Düsseldorf, Oldenburg and Schleswig as well as state security crimes;

4. Hamm, Naumburg, Rostock, Saarbrücken and Zweibrücken, as well as traffic crimes;

5. (based in Leipzig): Supreme Court of Berlin and the Higher Regional Courts of Brandenburg, Brunswick, Bremen, Dresden and Hamburg as well as tax and customs crimes.


Category

A category is a group of people or things that are the same in some way.

Category can mean:

Entertainer

An entertainer is a person who is employed to bring joy, relaxation or happiness.

An entertainer can perform on stage or television or simply entertain children at parties.

Examples of entertainers include:


Benetice (Světlá nad Sázavou)

Benetice is a small village near the town Světlá nad Sázavou (in Czech Republic).

There was a glass factory in Benetice. It does not exist any more, but some local names of places are derived from the parts of the glass factory as name "Na sušírnách" or "Sklárenský rybník" (the name of a pond). There is recreation camp in Benetice. It was used as pioneer camp (pioneers were people organized in one group in Czech republic) and it was used for young people from Hungary, Poland and Germany.

A linden-tree grows on village green of Benetice. It was planted in 1945.

The castle Lipnice can be seen from Benetice.



Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer

Gustavo Adolfo Domínguez Bastida, better known as Bécquer, (Seville, 17 February 1836 – Madrid, 22 December 1870) was a Spanish post-romanticist writer of poetry and short stories. He is considered one of the most important figures in Spanish literature. He adopted the alias of Bécquer as his brother Valeriano Bécquer, a painter, had done earlier. He was associated with the post-romanticism movement and wrote while realism in literature was enjoying success in Spain. He was moderately well known during his life, but it was after his death that most of his works were published.

His best known works are the "Rhymes" and the "Legends," usually published together as "Rimas y leyendas". These poems and tales are essential to the study of Spanish literature and common reading for high-school students in Spanish-speaking countries.

His work approached the traditional poetry and themes in a modern way, and is considered the founder of modern Spanish lyricism.

Tirso de Molina

Tirso de Molina (October, 1571? - March 12, 1648) was a Spanish Baroque dramatist and poet.

Originally Gabriel Tellez, he was born in Madrid. He studied at Alcalá de Henares, joined the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy on November 4 1600, and entered the Monastery of San Antolín at Guadalajara, Spain on January 21 1601. He was ordained a priest by 1610.

HotJava

HotJava is a web browser from Sun Microsystems that can execute Java applets. It was the first browser to support Java applets, and is not available anymore and is not supported anymore.


Mobile browser

A mobile browser (also called a microbrowser or minibrowser) is a web browser made for use on a mobile device like a mobile phone or PDA. Mobile browsers are made to display webpages in the best way for small screens on mobile devices.

ABrowse

ABrowse is a free web browser for the Syllable operating system.


Shiira

Shiira (シイラ, Japanese for the common dolphin-fish) is a free web browser based on Safari for the Mac OS X operating system.


Ghostzilla

Ghostzilla is a web browser for Microsoft Windows based on Mozilla. The browser runs inside the window space of another program e.g. in Microsoft Outlook, where the page is made to look like the things one would expect in an email. It makes people think think the person they're reading an email. 

Between May 2004 and January 2005, the project was taken off the website because the person who made it felt it was bad to use it. It was later put back, but with warnings about the potential to use it for the wrong reason. Since February 2007, the site has been closed and is no longer available.



Swiftweasel

Swiftweasel is a free and fully open source build of Mozilla Firefox.


Charon (web browser)

Charon was a web browser for the Inferno operating system. It supported HTML and some limited support for Javascript but it did not support CSS in any capacity.

Bern District

The District of Bern is a district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland. It has an area of 233 km² and a population of 237,919 people (as of January 2005). The capital city is Bern. 

The district contains thirteen municipalities:


Biel District

Biel is a small district in the Swiss canton of Bern. It contains 2 municipalities:


Rose Byrne

Rose Mary Byrne (born 24 July 1979) is an Australian actress.

Bellikon

Bellikon is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Benzenschwil

Benzenschwil was a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012 the former municipality of Benzenschwil merged into the municipality of Merenschwand.

Bergdietikon

Bergdietikon is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. The lake Egelsee is in Bergdietikon.

Egelsee (Aargau)

Egelsee is a lake at Bergdietikon, Aargau, Switzerland. The surface area is . It is the largest natural lake in the canton.

Berikon

Berikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

998

998 was a common year.




995

995 was a common year.




1177

1177 was a common year.





1176

1176 was a leap year.



1174

1174 was a common year.



Comet West

Comet West was a spectacular comet, also considered to qualify for "great comet" status.

It was discovered through pictures by Richard M. West, of the European Southern Observatory, on August 10, 1975. During peak brightness, observers reported that it was bright enough to study during full daylight.

Comet West was what 1973's Comet Kohoutek should have been. 

The comet has an estimated orbital period of 558,000 years.

During the comet's run into the closer part of the solar system for the first time in 500,000 years, the nucleus of Comet West was seen to split into four pieces as it passed within 30 million km. of the sun.

The first report of the split came around 7 March 1976 12:30UT, when reports were received that the comet had broken into two pieces. These two pieces remained the only pieces until Steven O'Meara, using the 9-inch Harvard Refractor, reported that two additional pieces had formed on the morning of 18 March. 

The breakup was one of very few comet breakups seen from historical times by the 1970s. Recently, comets Shoemaker-Levy 9, Schwassmann-Wachmann-3 (73/P), C/1999 S4 LINEAR, and 57/P du Toit-Neujmin-Delporte, have been seen to disintegrate. When seen, many were stunned, but none more so than the discoverer, Richard Martin West. The comet broke into pieces when some distance from the sun. It exploded into four pieces, and those were scattered. Later, two pieces were spotted, and studied intently by astronomers.


600

600 was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar. The Julian calendar called it a leap year starting on Friday.




601

601 was a common year.



601 (disambiguation)

601 can mean:


The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion

The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion is a role-playing video game. It was made by the American game maker Bethesda in May 2006. The game is for the Xbox 360 video game console and the PC (computer). It was also made for the Sony PlayStation 3 in May 2007.

This game got the "Game of the Year" award at the Golden Joystick Awards. Many gaming magazines such as the official Xbox magazine for the United Kingdom rated it a 10 out of 10. The game is only offline. It can not play against people on Xbox Live although people can download extra content for the game. The extra content can also be bought on a DVD or Blu-ray. Some of the downloadable content comes with the Knights of the Nine retail disc.

Events from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion happened after the game . The Emperor Uriel Septim VII gets killed by assassins while trying to escape the Imperial City, which means that Nirn (the world) has lost its shield against the Daedra from the plane of Oblivion, which comes through the opened gates of Oblivion. The goal of the game is to find the Emperor's son, defeat the attacking Daedra, and end the invasion by shutting the gates.

The player may also join a few guilds, groups that let the player do tasks for them, and once the player has completed all of their tasks, the player is in charge of the guild. Unlike Morrowind, the player can join every guild they can get into.

There are two Expansion Packs for Oblivion: . This expansion adds a new land: The Shivering Isles ruled by crazy god Sheogorath. Here you must defend the land from invading Knights of Order, and stop their attacks. There is also The Knights of the Nine which adds yet another quest.

602

602 was a common year.




Neem Karoli Baba

Shri Neem Karoli Baba or Shri Neeb Karori Baba (नीब
करोरी बाबा) (? - September 11, 1973, in Vrindavan, India), also known to followers as Maharaj-ji, was a Hindu guru and who loved the Hindu deity Hanuman. He is known in the West for having been the guru of a number of Americans who traveled to India in the 1960s and 1970s. These students were returned to the West and told other people about Neem Karoli Baba. The most well known of these students are the spiritual teachers Ram Dass and Bhagavan Das, and the musicians Krishna Das and Jai Uttal.

Not much is known about Neem Karoli Baba's birth and early years. According to one story, he was born Lakshmi Narayan Sharma (in Akbarpur, Faizabad currently Ambedkar Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. After an arranged marriage at the age of 11, he left his home and traveled a lot in northern India as a holy man ("sadhu"). During this time he was known by many names including Lakshman Das, Handi Wallah Baba, and Tikonia Walla Baba. When he did spiritual practice at Vavania near Navlakhi Port in Gujarat, he was known as Tallaiya Baba. In Vrindavan, the local people called him Chamatkari Baba which means "Miracle Baba". Many people thought him to be a saint.

Neem Karoli was a master of bhakti yoga, and said that service to others (seva) is the best way to show love for God. In a book of stories put together by Ram Dass called "Miracle of Love", a student named Anjani shares the following story:

Among the most well known of Maharaj-ji's disciples were Ram Dass, the author of "Be Here Now," teacher and performer Bhagavan Das, and the musicians Jai Uttal and Krishna Das. Other notable devotees include humanitarian Larry Brilliant and his wife Girija, as well as Dada Mukerjee (former professor at Allahabad University, Uttar Pradesh, India).

After returning to the United States, Ram Dass and Larry Brilliant founded the Seva Foundation, a worldwide development organization which tries to end world poverty by following the teachings of Neem Karoli Baba. Seva is based in Berkeley, California, and Ram Dass served on the board until his death in 2019.



Be Here Now

Be Here Now is a 1971 book on spirituality by the spiritual teacher Ram Dass. The title comes from what his guide in India, Bhagavan Das, used to tell him.

The book has four sections: 

The first section is about his life, his work as a psychologist, his research with Timothy Leary into Psychedelics at Harvard, and his anxiety when this research does not help him with his spiritual questions. He then writes about his first journey to India and his meeting with his Guru, or spiritual teacher, Neem Karoli Baba, and spiritual renaming as Baba Ram Dass, or "servant of god".

The second section, the largest, is a collection of metaphysical, spiritual and religious sayings, with pictures.

The third section is a guide for starting on a yogic or spiritual path, and tells how to practice yoga and meditation. It has a lot of quotes from teachers of many different religions.

The last section, also titled "Painted Cakes Do Not Satisfy Hunger" contains a list of books on religion and spirituality. The book lists are divided into "Books to hang out with", "Books to visit with now & then", and "Books it's useful to have met".

The book has been in print since it was first published, and has sold over one million copies. The work was published as a pamphlet by the Lama Foundation. In 1977, the Lama Foundation decided that the Hanuman Foundation would get half of the money made by the book, so it could do more work to help people.

"Be Here Now" is one of the first guides, for those not born as Hindus, to becoming a yogi. For its influence on the Hippie movement and other movements, it has been described as a "countercultural bible". The book was the first place the phrase "be here now" was used. Other people have said they like the book, including Wayne Dyer. Musician George Harrison used the book's title as the title of one of his songs from his 1973 album "Living In The Material World". He wrote about this in his book "I Me Mine".

Ram Dass wrote this in the book:

Now, though I am a beginner on the path, I have returned to the West for a time to work out karma or unfulfilled commitment. Part of this commitment is to share what I have learned with those of you who are on a similar journey. One can share a message through telling 'our-story' as I have just done, or through the teaching methods of yoga, or singing, or making love. Each of us finds his unique vehicle for sharing with others his bit of wisdom. For me, this story is but a vehicle for sharing with you the true message... the living faith in what is possible. --OM--


Yogi (disambiguation)

The word Yogi can mean either:

Yogi

A yogi (Sanskrit, feminine root: yogini) is a term for a male who practices various forms of the path of Yoga, maintaining a steadfast mind, the process of transcending the lower self. These words are mostly reserved for advanced or daily practitioners. In contemporary English "yogin" is an alternative rendering for the word "yogi". This word is often used to describe Buddhist monks or any lay person who is devoted to meditation. 

The "Shiva-Samhita" text defines the yogi as someone who knows that the entire cosmos is situated within his own body, and the "Yoga-Shikha-Upanishad" distinguishes two kinds of yogins: those who pierce through the "sun" (surya) by means of the various yogic techniques and those who access the door of the central conduit (sushumna-nadi) and drink the nectar.


1-2. Feuerstein, Georg. The Shambhala Encyclopedia of Yoga, Shambhala Publications, Boston, 2000 p. 321, 350.

1172

1172 was a leap year.



85 Io

85 Io is a big, dark Main belt asteroid of the C spectral class. It is probably a primitive body made of carbonates. Like 70 Panopaea it orbits within the Eunomia asteroid family but it is not related to the shattered parent body.

Io is a retrograde rotator, with its pole pointing towards one of ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-45°, 105°) or (-15°, 295°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 125° or 115°, respectively. Its shape is quite spherical.

It was found by C. H. F. Peters on September 19, 1865 and named after Io, a lover of Zeus in Greek mythology.

A diameter of 178 kilometres was measured from an occultation of a star on December 10, 1995 .

Io is also the name of the volcanic moon of Jupiter. With a two-digit number and a two-letter name, 85 Io has the shortest designation of all minor planets.



Coat of arms of Iraqi Kurdistan

The coat of arms of Iraqi Kurdistan is an eagle holding a sun on its wings. The sun is formed of three colours, red, yellow and green, which represent the Kurdish flag. This coat of arms was first used in 1992.

87 Sylvia

87 Sylvia is one of the biggest main-belt asteroids. It is a member of the Cybele group. It is beyond the middle of the belt. Sylvia is famous for being the first asteroid known to have more than one moon.

Sylvia was found by N. R. Pogson on May 16, 1866 from Madras (Chennai), India. In the article announcing the discovery of this asteroid ("MNRAS", 1866), Pogson said he selected the name in reference to Rhea Silvia, mother of Romulus and Remus.

Sylvia is very dark in color and probably has a primitive composition. The discovery of its moons made possible an accurate measurement of the asteroid's mass and density. Its density is very low (around 1.2 times the density of water), indicating that the asteroid has a lot of empty spaces; From 25% to as much as 60% of it may be empty space. The mineralogy of X-type asteroids is not well known. Sylvia is a fairly fast rotator, turning about its axis every 5.18 hours (giving an equatorial rotation speed of about 230 km/h or 145 mph).

Sylvia is orbited by two small moons. They have been named Romulus and Remus (the formal names are (87) Sylvia I Romulus and (87) Sylvia II Remus, respectively), after the children of the mythological Rhea Silvia.

It is thought likely that both Sylvia and its moons are rubble piles from a past asteroid collision Other, smaller moons formed in a similar way may also be found.


Java Embedding Plugin

Java Embedding Plugin (JEP) allows Java on Mac OS X with browsers that are not Safari.


Arena (web browser)

Arena is a web browser made by the W3C for testing support for HTML 3 and Cascading Style Sheets.

Flock (web browser)

Flock is a web browser based on Mozilla Firefox. Flock is also the name of the company making the browser.

Upon leaving beta, Flock has won a number of awards:



HTTrack

HTTrack is a free and open source website copier and offline browser by Xavier Roche, licensed under the GNU General Public License. It allows you to download World Wide Web sites from the Internet to a computer.


K-Meleon

K-Meleon is a free and open-source, lightweight web browser for Microsoft Windows. Unlike cross-platform browsers, it uses the Windows API to create its user interface. Early versions of K-Meleon render web pages with Gecko, Mozilla's browser layout engine. The Firefox web browser and the Mozilla Thunderbird email client also use Gecko. K-Meleon became a popular browser for Windows. It was available as an optional default browser in Europe. After Mozilla deprecated embedding Gecko, K-Meleon continued to use it for several years. K-Meleon 76 uses the Goanna layout engine. Goanna is a fork of Gecko created for the Pale Moon browser.

K-Meleon began as a competitor to Mozilla's original internet suite. It had the goal of being faster and lighter. Until 2011, K-Meleon embedded Gecko in a stripped-down interface. Throughout its lifespan, K-Meleon has required small amounts of memory. K-Meleon 76 uses the Goanna fork. It supports platforms no longer supported by Mozilla after their Gecko rewrite. K-Meleon supports older computers and older computer software. It maintains active support for Windows XP and Windows Vista.

Customization is another primary design goal of K-Meleon. Users can change the toolbars, menus, and keyboard shortcuts from text-based configuration files. Besides conventional extensions, K-Meleon also supports macros. Macros are small, human-readable extensions. Users can examine, write, or edit them in a text editor. K-Meleon's custom configuration files can trigger macros. Because it is adaptable, experts recommended K-Meleon for internet cafes and libraries in the early 2000s.



Gentoo Linux

Gentoo Linux is a version of the Linux operating system. It was created by Daniel Robbins. The project and its products are named after the Gentoo penguin.

Gentoo Linux uses a package management system called Portage. Portage is like the BSD ports collection. Gentoo package management is designed to be modular, portable, easy to maintain, flexible, and optimized for the user's machine. Packages are normally built from source code, continuing the tradition of the ports collection, although for convenience, some large software packages are also available as precompiled binaries for various architectures.

Although originally designed for the x86 architecture, it has been ported to many others and currently runs on the x86, x86-64, IA-64, PA-RISC; PowerPC, PowerPC 970, SPARC64, MIPS, DEC Alpha, System Z/s390, PS3 Cell Processor and SuperH architectures. Official support for 32-bit Sparc hardware has been dropped.

Gentoo's official software package repository includes, for example, UNetbootin.



1151

1151 was a common year.



1148

1148 was a leap year.



1146

1146 was a common year.



Federico Fellini

Federico Fellini (born 20 January 1920 in Rimini, died 31 October 1993 in Rome) was an Italian movie-maker and director. Fellini's movies combine memory, dream, and fantasy.

The first movie Fellini directed was "Lo Sceicco Bianco" (1951), with Alberto Sordi, written by Michelangelo Antonioni and Ennio Flaiano. In making this movie Fellini met Nino Rota, the musician that would follow him for the successful rest of his career.

Fellini was married to actress Giulietta Masina (1921-1994) from 1943 until his death. In 1945, he had a son who survived for only 2 weeks; it was the only child of Fellini and Giulietta Masina. Masina acted in many of his movies. Other actors Fellini often worked with include Marcello Mastroianni, Alberto Sordi, and Anita Ekberg.

Apart from making movies he also wrote scripts for radio shows, for movies (mainly for Roberto Rossellini) and wrote comic gags for well known actors like Aldo Fabrizi. Fellini also produced several drawings (mostly pencil on paper), often humoristic portraits. His first success was in drawing advertising pictures for movies.

During Fascism an "Avanguardista", his first writings were for Alleanza Cinematografica Italiana (ACI), a production company of Vittorio Mussolini, son of Benito, who introduced him to Rossellini.

In 1944, when Fascism was over, he opened a shop in Rome in which he sold these drawings. The shop was named (in English) "The Funny Face Shop", and contained works from Fellini and De Seta, Verdini, Camerini, Scarpelli, Majorana, Guasta, Giobbe, Attalo, Migneco (all writers, directors or otherwise intellectuals working for Italian cinema). In the same year started his contribution to Rossellini's Roma Città Aperta, with Aldo Fabrizi. Fellini took also part in writing another of Rossellini's movies: "Paisà". He wrote also for other directors as Alberto Lattuada, Pietro Germi and Luigi Comencini.

In 1987 he won the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. In 1993, he received an Academy Award (Oscar) for his lifetime achievement.


John Milton

John Milton (9 December 1608 – 8 November 1674) was an English poet, religious thinker, and civil servant for the English Commonwealth Government. He is one of the most important figures in Western literature. He is most famous for his Christian epic poem "Paradise Lost". His writing influenced both later poets and religious thinkers.

John Milton was born on 9 December 1608, the son of John Milton (senior) and Sarah Jerry. His family lived in Bread Street, London. His father was a musician and composer. His main work was as a scrivener, a secretary who reads and writes letters for people who cannot read and write for themselves. Milton's father was well paid at this work, and was able to hire a private tutor to teach his clever eldest son. Milton's brother Christopher said he studied very long into each night. Milton then went to St. Paul's School where he studied Latin, Greek, and Hebrew.

Milton then studied at Christ's College, Cambridge and graduated with a B.A. in 1629. On 3 July 1632, he received his Master of Arts degree. He returned home where he continued to study and write poetry for six years. He wrote a large number of poems. In 1638 he made a tour of the Continent, spending a lot of time in France and Italy, where he learned about other authors such as Dante, Tasso, and Ariosto. When he was 34, he married Mary Powell, who was 17. He defended freedom of speech and freedom of press.

In 1645, during the English Civil War, he published "Poems of Mr. John Milton", in which there were his famous poems "L'Allegro" and "Il'Penseroso", which was mostly ignored. In 1649, during the trial of Charles I, Milton wrote "Of the Tenure of Kings and Magistrates", arguing that kings can rule only when the people allow them to. He then became secretary to the Council of State and wrote in Latin "Eikonoklastes" in 1649. That was the last big writing project he did before he began to become blind. In 1652, he became completely blind and was very unhappy. However, in 1667, he published the famous "Paradise Lost", one of the greatest English-language epics. Four years later, he wrote "Paradise Regained", a story about how men became sinful and how Jesus Christ won the battle with the devil. The last work that was published while he was alive was "Samson Agonistes". He died, probably because of gout, on 8 November 1674.


Wedge (mechanics)

A wedge is a simple machine used mainly to put in between two stones. A wedge as a tool is used to push two things apart such as the blade of a sword and knife does when it cuts wood. A wedge can also be used to lift an object or hold an object in place. The mechanical advantage of a wedge depends on the ratio of its length to its thickest part.

The origin of the wedge is unknown, because it has been in use as early as the Stone Age. Circa 3000 BC, in Ancient Egypt quarries, bronze wedges were used to break away blocks of rock used for construction. Wood wedges, that swelled after being wet, were also used. Some Native American tribes used antler wedges as a means of splitting and working wood to make canoes, houses, and other wood objects.
Examples include axes, splitting mauls, and splitting wedges. Wedges can also be used to lift heavy objects, or finely adjust the height of objects, essentially separating them from the surface they rest on. These may also be referred to as shims. Knives, scissors, chisels, and even teeth can sometimes be used as wedges, however, they are more fundamentally cutting implements.

Wedges can also be used to hold objects in place, such as engine parts (poppet valves), bicycle parts (stems and eccentric bottom brackets), and doors.

A door stop (door wedge) is a wedge, and its main function is to generate friction between the bottom of the door and the ground.

A fork or nails can also be considered a type of wedge. While a nail will slice into wood when hammered, a bolt will not be pushed in. This is because a nail is a wedge and a bolt is not. A nail is tapered to a point at its end, then gets thicker farther up towards the head of the nail.

The mechanical advantage of a wedge is the length of the sloping side of the wedge and divide it by the length of the thick end of the wedge. Therefore the formula for a wedge is:

formula_1 

The more acute the angle of the wedge, the more mechanical advantage it will have.

Despite this, one reason that many splitting wedges have a wide angle is that an elastic material, such as wood, will bind a narrow wedge more readily than a wide wedge. This is why splitting mauls have a much larger angle than an axe.



Cabinet of Germany

The Bundesregierung, sometimes called the Bundeskabinett or Federal Cabinet, is the government of the Federal Republic of Germany and it consists of the Chancellor and the Federal Ministers.

The job of the cabinet is listed in the articles 62 to 69 of the constitution. This also has the oath of office that the minister must take.

The Chancellor is responsible for the administrative work of the Federal Government, but the work is delegated to the Head of the Federal Chancellery.

The Chancellor sets the general policy of the Federal Government, and what each ministry should do. The Federal Ministers are responsible for what happens in their own departments, and for making sure that the ministry keeps to the general ideas of the Chancellor. This is known as the departmental principle ().

If two Federal Ministers disagree about what should be done or about who is to do it or how it is to be done, the Federal Government decides with a majority decision. The is called the cooperative principle ().

The "Federal Minister Law" () says that a retired member of the Federal Government can have a retirement pension, if they have been a minister for at least two years. Time as a junior minister (US "Undersecretary"), who in Germany are called parliamentary permanent secretaries, is counted, and so is previous membership in a Land (state) government.

Parliamentary permanent secretaries and state ministers are not members of the Federal Government, but do help them in their job.

As a rule, the Federal Cabinet meets in the Federal Chancellery every Wednesday at 9:30 a.m.

Only members of CDU-CSU and SPD are in the Third Merkel Cabinet (2013-2018). 

This table lists the number and percentage of members of the federal government who were lawyers. In Germany the time between elections is called a "legislative period". In the United Kingdom this would be called a Parliament or in the United States a Congress.

Brave New World

Brave New World is a dystopia novel by Aldous Huxley. It was first published in 1932. The novel is set in London of "AF 632", which is about 2540 AD, and speaks of developments in reproductive technology, operant conditioning, and sleep-learning that change society.

The general idea is a World Government manipulates people so as to make them easier to govern. They are split into five castes, hatched by the state to fill preset positions in society. The lower castes, which are clones, are treated with chemicals to arrest their mental and physical development. Children are treated by a process which gives them only information appropriate to their caste. They are moulded for their positions in life. Psychological needs are met by compulsory dosing of the drug "soma", a hallucinogen which takes the user on an enjoyable trip. In the novel various characters experience life in this planned society and struggle with the problems it causes them.




Manuel José Quintana

Manuel José Quintana y Lorenzo (April 11, 1772 - March 11, 1857), poet, was born at Madrid, Spain.

In 1801 Quintana wrote a tragedy, "El Duque de Viseo", written about a patriotic theme. which was successful.

The first book of his "Vidas de Españoles célebres", about the lives of Spanish heroes, helped to promote Quintana the post of secretary to the Cortes during the French invasion. But on the return of Ferdinand VII he was put in prison at Pamplona from 1814 to 1820. He was finally given a small post in the civil service, became tutor to Queen Isabella II, and was nominated senator.

Quintana died at the age of 84. Philanthropy and patriotism helped him write. The thought he put into his poems is not deep, but his faith to Spain attracted people to read them.


Fortran

Fortran is a programming language first created in the 1950s. It is still in use today. It is a procedural language mainly used for scientific computing and numerical analysis.
The first FORTRAN compiler was created in 1954-57 by a team at IBM led by John W. Backus. This compiler was the first compiler for any High level language. The authors were worried that no one would use the language if programs written in it did not run nearly as fast as programs written in assembly language. So they made it an optimizing compiler.

Because of the heavy use by scientists doing numerical work the language grew in ways that encouraged compiler writers to produce compilers that generated high quality (fast) code. There are many high performance compiler vendors. Much work and research in compiler theory and design was caused by the need to generate good code for Fortran programs.

Several revisions of the language have appeared, including the very well known FORTRAN IV (the same as FORTRAN 66), FORTRAN 77 and Fortran 90. The most recent formal standard for the language was published in 1997 and is known as Fortran 95.

Initially, the language relied on precise formatting of the source code and heavy use of statement numbers and 'go to' statements, written as goto in Fortran.

Every version introduced 'modern' programming concepts, such as source code comments and output of text, IF-THEN-ELSE (in FORTRAN 77), recursion (in Fortran 90) and parallel constructs, while trying to maintain Fortran's 'lean' profile and high performance.

The name "Fortran" is short for "Formula Translation". The language was formerly known as FORTRAN (and older variants of it still are). Since Fortran 90, the capitalization has been abandoned. The published formal standards use "Fortran".

The two standards below are for current Fortran implementations. 


William Butler Yeats

William Butler Yeats (1865–1939) was an Irish poet, dramatist and mystic. He was born in Dublin, Ireland on 13 June 1865. He spent most of his time in Sligo and some time in London.

Yeats' early poetry drew heavily on myth and legend. His later work had more to do with contemporary issues. One of his famous poems is called "Leda and the Swan".

With Lady Gregory and others, he was one of the people who founded the Irish Literary Theatre and the Abbey Theatre.

He was also interested in Hermeticism and Theosophy. He was a member of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.

Yeats won the Nobel Prize in literature in 1923. He died in Menton, France.

90 Antiope

90 Antiope is an asteroid found on October 1, 1866 by Robert Luther. The 90th asteroid to be found, it is named after Antiope from Greek mythology, though it is disputed as to whether the namesake is Antiope the Amazon or Antiope the mother of Amphion and Zethus.

Antiope orbits in the farther third of the core region of the main belt, and is a member of the Themis family of asteroids. Like most bodies in this region, it is of the dark C spectral type, indicating that it is made of carbonaceous chondrite.

There have been 9 occultations observed since 1988, many of which are multichord occultations.

The most remarkable feature of Antiope is that it has two asteroids of almost equal size (the difference in mass is less than 2.5%), making it a truly "double" asteroid. Its binary nature was found on 10 August, 2000 by a group of astronomers using adaptive optics at the Keck Telescope on Mauna Kea. The "secondary" is designated S/2000 (90) 1.

Each asteroid is about 86±1 km across, with their centers separated by only about 170 kilometers. This means that the space separating the two halves is only 60 km, or so. The two bodies orbit around the same center of mass which lies in the space between them. The orbital period is about 16.50 hours, the eccentricity below 0.03 (best estimate 0.01 ± 0.02). Every several years, a period of mutual occultations occurs when the asteroid is viewed from Earth. Using Kepler's third law, the mass and density of the asteroids can be derived from the orbital period and asteroid sizes.

The axis of the mutual orbit of the two asteroids points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (200°, 38°) with 2 degrees uncertainty. This is tilted about 63° to the circumsolar orbit of the system.


Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn

The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn (or Golden Dawn for short) was a magical order of secret society for the study of the occult and metaphysics. It was founded in London in 1888 by Dr. William Wynn Westcott and Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers. It ceased to exist under that name in 1903. However, two spin-off groups were created at that time, the Stella Matutina and the Alpha et Omega.

While it was popular, many well-known people joined the Golden Dawn. Some of its members included:



Sweet William

Sweet William a Eurasian pink widely grown for its clusters of small bright-coloured flowers. Biennial to perennial plant belonging to the pink family, native to southern Europe. It is grown for its fragrant red, white, and pink flowers.
Georg Friedrich Händel composed “See the Conquering Hero Comes” in honour of the victorious Duke of Cumberland. The flower sweet William was named after the latter in England.


Mount Cheaha

Cheaha Mountain, often called Mount Cheaha, is the tallest point in the State of Alabama. It is 2,407 feet (734 meters) tall. Mount Cheaha is a quartzite rock mountain. Mount Cheaha is the southeasternmost point of the Appalachian Mountains.

Mount Cheaha is protected in Cheaha State Park. The nearest city to Mount Cheaha is Talladega.

Pago Pago

Pago Pago is a village in American Samoa. It is the capital of the country but not the seat of government. In 2000, 11,500 people lived there.

Fagatogo

Fagatogo is the seat of government in American Samoa, but not its capital city, which is Pago Pago.

The population of Fagatogo is about 3,000.

