Sean Stone

Sean Ali Stone (born 1984) is an American movie director, producer, cinematographer, screenwriter and actor. He is the elder son of Oliver Stone. 



Machinima

Machinima ( or ) is a type of animation and digital moviemaking style. It is the use of 3D computer graphics with a 3D video game or computer game to create the 3D animation. The creator who is making the video will record in-game animation and edit it with voice recordings. Machinima can be script-driven, meaning the cameras, characters, and effects are scripted for playback in real time. Unlike other types of animation, the scripting is driven by events and not keyframes.

"Machinima" limits the controls of other animation types. "Machinima" videos can be shot live or scripted in real time. So it becomes much faster to produce than traditionally animated movies.

"Machinima" productions can remain close to their gaming roots and feature stunts or other portrayals of gameplay. Popular genres include dance videos, comedy, and drama. Some filmmakers attempt to stretch the boundaries of the rendering engines or to mask the original 3-D context. The Academy of Machinima Arts & Sciences (AMAS), a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting machinima, recognizes exemplary productions through Mackie awards given at its annual Machinima Film Festival. Some general film festivals accept machinima, and game companies, such as Epic Games, Blizzard Entertainment and Jagex, have sponsored contests involving it.

The AMAS defines machinima as "animated filmmaking within a real-time virtual 3-D environment". In other 3-D animation methods, creators can control every frame and nuance of their characters but, in turn, must consider issues such as key frames and in-betweening. Machinima creators leave many rendering details to their host environments, but may thus inherit those environments' limitations. Because game animations focus on dramatic rather than casual actions, the range of character emotions is often limited. 

Another difference is that machinima is created in real time, but other animation is pre-rendered. Real-time engines need to trade quality for speed and use simpler algorithms and models. In the 2001 animated film "", every strand of hair on a character's head was independent; real-time needs would likely force them to be treated as a single unit. For cut scenes in video games, issues other than visual fidelity arise. Pre-rendered scenes can require more digital storage space, weaken suspension of disbelief through contrast with real-time animation of normal gameplay, and limit interaction.

Like live action, machinima is recorded in real-time, and real people can act and control the camera. Filmmakers are often encouraged to follow traditional cinematic conventions, such as avoiding wide fields of view, the overuse of slow motion, and errors in visual continuity. Unlike live action, machinima involves less expensive, digital special effects and sets, possibly with a science-fiction or historical theme. Explosions and stunts can be tried and repeated without monetary cost and risk of injury, and the host environment may allow unrealistic physical constraints. University of Cambridge experiments in 2002 and 2003 attempted to use machinima to re-create a scene from the 1942 live-action film "Casablanca". Machinima filming differed from traditional cinematography in that character expression was limited, but camera movements were more flexible and improvised. Nitsche compared this experiment to an unpredictable Dogme 95 production.
Berkeley sees machinima as "a strangely hybrid form, looking forwards and backwards, cutting edge and conservative at the same time". Machinima is a digital medium based on 3-D computer games, but most works have a linear narrative structure. Some, such as "Red vs. Blue" and "The Strangerhood", follow narrative conventions of television situational comedy. Although other virtual theatrical performances have taken place in chat rooms and multi-user dungeons, machinima adds "cinematic camera work". Previously, such virtual cinematic performances with live audience interaction were confined to research labs which had powerful computers. 

Machinima can be less expensive than other forms of filmmaking. Strange Company produced its feature-length machinima film "BloodSpell" for less than £10,000. Before using machinima, Burnie Burns and Matt Hullum of Rooster Teeth Productions spent US$9,000 to produce a live-action independent film. The four Xbox game consoles used to make "Red vs. Blue" in 2005 cost $600. The low cost caused a product manager for Electronic Arts to compare machinima to the low-budget independent film "The Blair Witch Project", without the need for cameras and actors. Because these are seen as low barriers to entry, machinima has been called a "democratization of filmmaking". 

Comparatively, machinimists using pre-made virtual platforms like Second Life have indicated that their productions can be made quite successfully with no cost at all. Creators like Dutch director Chantal Harvey, producer of the 48 Hour Film Project Machinima sector, have created upwards of 200 films using the platform. Harvey's advocacy of the genre has resulted in the involvement of film director Peter Greenaway who was a juror for the Machinima category and gave a keynote speech during the event.

Kelland, Morris, and Lloyd list four main methods of creating machinima. From simple to advanced, these are: relying on the game's AI to control most actions, digital puppetry, recamming, and precise scripting of actions. Although simple to produce, AI-dependent results are unpredictable, thus complicating the realization of a preconceived film script. For example, when Rooster Teeth produced "The Strangerhood" using "The Sims 2", a game that encourages the use of its AI, the group had to create multiple instances of each character to accommodate different moods. Individual instances were selected at different times to produce appropriate actions.

In digital puppetry, machinima creators become virtual actors; each crew member controls a character in real-time, as in a multiplayer game. The director can use built-in camera controls, if available. Otherwise, video is captured from the perspectives of one or more puppeteers who serve as camera operators. Puppetry allows for improvisation and offers controls familiar to gamers, but requires more personnel than the other methods and is less precise than scripted recordings. However, some games, such as the "Halo" series, (except for Halo PC and Custom Edition, which allow AI and custom objects and characters), allow filming only through puppetry. In recamming, which builds on puppetry, actions are first recorded to a game engine's demo file format, not directly as video frames. Without re-enacting scenes, artists can then manipulate the demo files to add cameras, tweak timing and lighting, and change the surroundings. This technique is limited to the few engines and software tools that support it.

A technique common in cut scenes of video games, scripting consists of giving precise directions to the game engine. A filmmaker can work alone this way, as J. Thaddeus "Mindcrime" Skubis did in creating the nearly four-hour "The Seal of Nehahra" (2000), the longest work of machinima at the time. However, perfecting scripts can be time-consuming. Unless what-you-see-is-what-you-get (WYSIWYG) editing is available, as in "", changes may need to be verified in additional runs, and non-linear editing may be difficult. In this respect, Kelland, Morris, and Lloyd compare scripting to stop-motion animation. Another disadvantage is that, depending on the game, scripting capabilities may be limited or unavailable. Matinee, a machinima software tool included with "Unreal Tournament 2004", popularized scripting in machinima.

When "Diary of a Camper" was created, no software tools existed to edit demo files into films. Rangers clan member Eric "ArchV" Fowler wrote his own programs to reposition the camera and to splice footage from the "Quake" demo file. "Quake" movie editing software later appeared, but the use of conventional non-linear video editing software is now common. For example, Phil South inserted single, completely white frames into his work "No Licence" to enhance the visual impact of explosions. In the post-production of "", Rooster Teeth Productions added letterboxing with Adobe Premiere Pro to hide the camera player's head-up display.

Machinima creators have used different methods to handle limited character expression. In the "Halo" video game series, helmets completely cover the characters' faces. To prevent confusion, Rooster Teeth's characters move slightly when speaking, a convention shared with anime. Some machinima creators use custom software. For example, Strange Company uses Take Over GL Face Skins to add more facial expressions to their characters filmed in BioWare's 2002 role-playing video game "Neverwinter Nights". Atussa Simon used a "library of faces" for characters in "The Battle of Xerxes". In some cases, some game companies may provide such software; examples include Epic Games' Impersonator for "Unreal Tournament 2004" and Valve Corporation's FacePoser for "Half-Life 2". Another solution is to blend in non-machinima elements, as nGame did by inserting painted characters with more expressive faces into its 1999 film "Berlin Assassins". It may be possible to point the camera elsewhere or employ other creative cinematography or acting. For example, Tristan Pope combined creative character and camera positioning with video editing to suggest sexual actions in his controversial film "Not Just Another Love Story".



Oswald (TV series)

Oswald is an American kids' television show produced by Decode Entertainment and HIT Entertainment. It originally aired on Nick Jr. and Noggin in the United States for the first and the second seasons in 2001. 26 episodes were produced. In the United Kingdom, the series got a British dub using an American voice actors by Skylark Sound Studios using a British with a British accents by The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. on Channel 5 and Milkshake! in 2003. Only the first 2 seasons were dubbed.

The series was added to Paramount+ (at the time CBS All Access) in January 2021.

The series is set in Big City, a colorful world populated by anthropomorphic animals, mythological creatures and humanoid beings. Each episode follows the daily experiences of an anthropomorphic blue octopus named Oswald (voiced by Fred Savage), accompanied by his beloved pet hot dog Weenie, and their life in the cheerful and whimsically-designed community of Big City. Commonly, the program concentrates on Oswald's experiences with friends, acquaintances and neighbors, including Henry, a penguin, and Daisy, a flower, among others – and his patient methods of coping with or tolerating different situations and dilemmas, along with his thoroughly optimistic outlook on life.


The series received four out of five stars on Common Sense Media.

Oswald

Oswald may refer to:


Jason and the Argonauts (1963 movie)

Jason and the Argonauts is a 1963 movie. It stars Todd Armstrong as Jason. The movie is about the quest for the Golden Fleece. It was directed by Don Chaffey. The special effects were the creation of stop-motion animation expert Ray Harryhausen. The movie is famous for its monsters and the battle with the skeletons. "Hercules" is another movie on the Golden Fleece theme that was made about the same time. It stars legendary bodybuilder Steve Reeves. 

Ulysses (1954 movie)

Ulysses is a 1954 3-D Italian adventure movie. It is based on Homer's poem "The Odyssey", and tells of Odysseus's attempts to return home to Ithaca after the Trojan War. Silvana Mangano plays two roles, as Penelope, the faithful wife of Ulysses and the sorceress, Circe. Kirk Douglas stars the Greek hero, Ulysses. Anthony Quinn plays Antinous.

Clash of the Titans

Clash of the Titans is a 1981 movie. It is about the Greek hero Perseus. He is played by Harry Hamlin. The movie features the final work of stop motion artist, Ray Harryhausen. It made $41 million in the United States. It was the 11th highest money-making movie of the year. Warner Bros. released a remake in 3D on April 2, 2010. Many big stars were in the movie including Laurence Olivier, Maggie Smith, and Ursula Andress.

King Acrisius of Argos (Donald Houston) has his daughter Danaë (Vida Taylor) imprisoned in a tower, out of jealousy for her beauty. However, Zeus (Laurence Olivier), king of the Greek gods, impregnates her and the product of this affair is Perseus. Fearing that his grandson will one day grow up to kill him, Acrisius has both mother and child set out to sea in a wooden chest, in the hopes of killing them. However, out of revenge, Zeus has Acrisius killed and orders the sea god Poseidon (Jack Gwillim) to release the last of the Titans, a giant humanoid sea monster called the Kraken, to destroy Argos. Meanwhile, Danaë and Perseus miraculously survive and land on the island of Seriphos, where Perseus grows into a young man.

Calibos (Neil McCarthy) is a young man who is the son of the sea goddess Thetis (Maggie Smith) and due to be married to Andromeda (Judi Bowker), daughter of Queen Cassiopeia (Siân Phillips) and heiress to the throne of Joppa; however, he has killed off every living thing in the Wells of the Moon (which he was entrusted to guard), among them Zeus' sacred herd of winged horses (except for Pegasus). To punish him, Zeus transforms Calibos into a monstrous satyr and has him exiled by his people. In retribution, Thetis transports the adult Perseus (Harry Hamlin) to an abandoned amphitheatre in Joppa where he encounters the aged poet Ammon (Burgess Meredith) from whom he learns that Andromeda is under a curse and is unable to marry unless her suitors can correctly answer a riddle; those who fail are burned at the stake. To aid his son, Zeus sends Perseus an invisibility helmet from Athena (Susan Fleetwood), a magic sword from Aphrodite (Ursula Andress) and a shield from Hera (Claire Bloom). Wearing the helmet, Perseus manages to capture Pegasus and follows Andromeda to learn the next riddle. Calibos nearly kills Perseus, but he escapes, losing his helmet in the process and also managing to sever Calibos' hand.

With the help of Thallo (Tim Pigott-Smith), Perseus presents himself as a suitor and correctly answers the riddle, presenting Calibos' severed hand and winning the hand of Andromeda in marriage. When Calibos finds his mother cannot act against Perseus, he commands her to take vengeance on Joppa. When Cassiopeia compares her daughter's beauty to that of Thetis', the enraged goddess demands that Andromeda must be sacrificed to the Kraken or Joppa will be destroyed. 

While Perseus tries to find a way to conquer the Kraken, Pegasus is captured by Calibos' henchmen. Zeus commands Athena to give her owl Bubo to Perseus, but she convinces the gods' blacksmith Hephaestus (Pat Roach) to create a golden replica instead, who leads Perseus to a trio of hags called the Stygian Witches (Flora Robson, Anna Manahan and Freda Jackson), who have one tooth and eye between them. By taking their magic eye, Perseus forces them to reveal that the only way for the Kraken to be killed is by killing the gorgon, Medusa, who lives on an island at the edge of the Underworld. The group continues on their journey, minus Andromeda and Ammon, who return to Joppa. 

While on the Gorgon's island, Perseus and his companions are attacked by Dioskilos, Medusa's two-headed hellhound. During the fight, one of the party is killed by the beast, before he is eventually slain by Perseus. He leads his two remaining allies into the gorgon's lair, where Medusa herself kills the two men, shooting one of them with an arrow and petrifying the other. Perseus uses his shield's reflective side to deceive Medusa and decapitates her. He collects her head, but his shield is dissolved by the gorgon's caustic blood. 

As Perseus and his party set to return they are attacked by Calibos, who punctures the bag containing Medusa's severed head, and three giant scorpions called Scorpiochs rise out of the blood. They attack Thallo, who managed to kill one of the scorpions, who Calibos later kills. Perseus slays the two remaining scorpions and Calibos, and later grieves for Thallo. Weakened from his fight, Perseus sends Bubo to rescue the captive Pegasus. Bubo succeeds in freeing the horse and he also manages to destroy Calibos' camp. Perseus manages to reach the Joppa amphitheater, but collapses from exhaustion. Andromeda is chained to the cliffs near Joppa and the Kraken is summoned. Bubo arrives and diverts the monster's attention until Perseus (whose strength was secretly restored by Zeus) arrives, mounted on Pegasus. In the battle, he uses Medusa's head to turn the Kraken to stone, causing to crumble into pieces. Perseus then throws Medusa's head into the ocean, frees Andromeda and subsequently marries her.

The gods predict that Perseus and Andromeda will live happily for the rest of the lives and have children. Zeus also forbids the gods from pursuing vengeance against them. The constellations of Perseus, Andromeda, Cassiopeia and Pegasus are created in their honor. 

Childhood

Childhood is the period between birth and puberty. Childhood ends when a human being begins puberty. The state or period of being a child is called childhood. In many places, childhood ends at puberty, or legally at a fixed age of majority. The child becomes an adult, sometimes with a rite of passage. Another word for teenagers and adolescents is "youth".

Engen

Engen (延元) was a of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kemmu" and before "Kōkoku". This period started in February 1336 and ended in April 1340. The monarchs during this time were and . The Northern Court pretender in Kyoto was . 





Kōkoku

Kōkoku (興国) was a of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Engen" and before "Shōhei". This period started in April 1340 and ended in December 1346. The monarch during this time were was . The Northern Court pretender in Kyoto was . 





Anglo-Saxon runes

The Anglo-Saxon runes are runes that were used from the 5th to the 8th century. It extends Elder Futhark from 24 to between 26 and 33 characters. Like the Elder Futhark, it is named after the first few letters in the series: These transliterate to Futhorc in modern English. The script was used to record Old English and Old Frisian. Inscriptions using Futhorc are rare after the 9th century, and completely disappear after the Norman conquest.

Shōhei

The monarchs during this time were and . The Northern Court pretenders in Kyoto were , and .





Hercules vs. the Moon Men

Hercules Against the Moon Men is a 1964 Italian/French movie. It was directed by Giacomo Gentilomo. It stars Alan Steel (real name Sergio Ciani). The movie blends (mixes) elements from Roman, Greek, Cretan and Egyptian mythologies. In the original Italian language version, the hero was not Hercules. The hero was Maciste. Maciste was a hero in Italian silent movies. Its original Italian title was "Maciste e la regina di Samar" ("Maciste and the Queen of Samar"). Its French title was "Maciste contre les hommes de pierre" ("Maciste Against the Men of Stone"). The English distributors dubbed the hero Hercules, because Maciste was not well known to American audiences.

A race of evil moon men land on Earth. For years, they have terrorized the city of Samar. They have made the people of Samar give them children to be sacrifices. Now, the queen of Samar has made an pact with the moon men to take control of the world. She wants to become the most powerful woman alive. The people of Samar do not like all the chaos. They cheer when the mighty Hercules shows up to end it all.

Kentoku

Kentoku (建徳) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Shōhei" and before "Bunchū". The period started in July 1370 and ended in April 1372. The Southern Court monarch in Yoshino during this time was . The Northern Court pretender in Kyoto was .





Bunchū

Bunchū (文中) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kentoku" and before "Tenju". This period started in October 1372 and ended in May 1375. The Southern Court monarch in Yoshino during this time was . The Northern Court pretender in Kyoto was .





Tenju

Tenju (天授) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Bunchū and before Kōwa. This period started in May 1375 and ended in February 1381. The Southern Court monarch in Yoshino during this time was . The Northern Court pretender in Kyoto was .





Kōwa (Muromachi period)

Kōwa (弘和) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Tenju and before Genchū. This period started in February 1381 and ended in April 1384. The Southern Court monarchs in Yoshino during this time-frame were and . The Northern Court monarchs in Kyoto were and 


Women's movies

Women's movies is a movie genre. These movies are ones that moviemakers expect women to like. They are about women. They have themes that moviemakers think would interest women such as home, family life, being a mother, making sacrifices, and romance. Women's movies are movies that were made "for" women by predominantly male screenwriters and directors whereas "women's cinema" is movies that have been made "by" women. Women's movies have been made for years and years, ever since the silent movie days. It took a while for the term "woman's movie" to be used though. These movies were called "melodramas" at first. They were very popular during World War II. Their production fell off in the 1960s. The term "woman's movie" went south in the 1960s even though such movies were still being made. George Cukor, Douglas Sirk, Max Ophüls, and Josef von Sternberg directed woman's movies. Joan Crawford, Bette Davis, and Barbara Stanwyck made many woman's movies. "Mildred Pierce", "Jezebel" and "Stella Dallas" are examples of woman's movies.


Handshakes and Middle Fingers

Handshakes and Middle Fingers is the second major release studio album by Canadian rapper, Classified. "Handshakes and Middle Fingers" was released on March 22, 2011. The album spawned three singles "That Ain't Classy", "The Day Doesn't Die" and "Maybe It's Just Me". "That Ain't Classy" peaked at #45 on the Canadian Hot 100 while "The Day Doesn't Die" peaked at #83 on the Canadian Hot 100. The album peaked at #7 on the Canadian Albums Chart and also hit #2 on the iTunes top seller list.

The Wedding Singer

The Wedding Singer is a 1998 American romantic comedy movie starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore. It follows a wedding singer falling in love with a waitress in 1984.

Rafael Landry Tanubrata

Rafael Landry Tanubrata (born in Garut, West Java, Indonesia, November 16, 1986) is an Indonesian pop and R&B singer-songwriter, hip hop dancer and actor. He is a member of the boy band SM*SH.

Rafael Landry Tanubrata born in November 16, 1986 star sign in Scorpio. favorite song Daniel Bedingfield "If You're Not the One" (2002) and Mario "Let Me Love You" (2004).





In Search of the Castaways

In Search of the Castaways is a 1962 Walt Disney Productions movie. It stars Hayley Mills, George Sanders, and Maurice Chevalier. The movie was directed by Robert Stevenson. It was based on Jules Verne's 1868 adventure novel "Captain Grant's Children". The movie was Mills's third of six movies for the Disney Studios. The movie was a box office hit.

The Sherman brothers (Robert B. and Richard M. Sherman) wrote the songs "Castaway", "Merci Beaucoup", "Let's Climb", and "Enjoy It". Movie critic Hal Erickson wrote, "[The movie] is a roller-coaster of a Disney film, making up in excitement what it lacks in credibility or coherence...the film was ideal Saturday-matinee fodder for the kiddie trade in 1963."


Teenager Mary Grant, her brother Robert, and their friend Professor Paganel, persuade Lord Glenarvan to rescue shipwrecked Captain Grant. They sail halfway around the world on Lord Glenarvan's yacht. The friends survive an earthquake, a flood, a fire, an attack by a giant condor, and a volcanic eruption before rescuing Captain Grant from fierce Maoris.

A subplot involves a criminal named Thomas Ayerton, a former crew-member of Captain Grant's ship. He was responsible for Captain Grant's disappearance. Another subplot involves a romance between Mary and Lord Glenarvan's son John.

Man and the Biosphere Programme

The Man and the Biosphere Programme (MAB) is a division of UNESCO that tries to improve and encourage conservation and sustainability around the world. It was created in 1971. Its main focus is a network of biosphere reserves. The programme acts as a kind of forum for exchanging ideas and experiences on sustainable development and management of these reserves. Biosphere reserves are areas that are supposed to develop creative ideas, test them and share the results. To date, there are 621 biosphere reserves in 117 countries.
"" <br>""


Around the World in 80 Days (1956 movie)

Around the World in 80 Days (sometimes written as "Around the World in Eighty Days") is a 1956 adventure movie. It stars David Niven, Cantinflas, and Shirley MacLaine. It was produced by the Michael Todd Company and released by United Artists. The movie was directed by Michael Anderson. The screenplay was written by James Poe, John Farrow, and S. J. Perelman. It was based on the novel of the same name by Jules Verne. The music score was composed by Victor Young. The cinematography was by Lionel Lindon. The movie won many Academy Awards, including "Best Picture". Many well known actors made small appearances in the movie. These stars include Charles Boyer, Marlene Dietrich, and Frank Sinatra.

Lake retention time

Lake retention time (also called the residence time of lake water, or the water age or flushing time) is the calculated average time that water (or a dissolved substance) spends in a lake. At its simplest this figure is the result of dividing the lake volume by the flow in or out of the lake. It describes the amount of time that is needed for a substance to flow in and out of a lake.

Mysterious Island (1961 movie)

Mysterious Island is a 1961 movie. It was released by Morningside Productions through Columbia Pictures. The movie was based on the book "The Mysterious Island" by Jules Verne. The movie was produced by Charles H. Schneer and Ray Harryhausen. It was directed by Cy Endfield. The movie was filmed at Shepperton Studios, Shepperton, England as a showcase for Harryhausen's stop-motion animation effects. The music was composed by Bernard Herrmann. The movie stars Michael Craig as Captain Harding; Joan Greenwood as Lady Mary Fairchild; and Herbert Lom as Captain Nemo.

Union soldiers escape in a hot air balloon from a Confederate prison camp during the American Civil War. They crash-land in the ocean. They are washed ashore on an unknown island where gigantic animals live. The animals are the result of experiments by Captain Nemo. He is an unknown benefactor to the castaways as they struggle to survive on the island. A volcano threatens to erupt. The stranded group escapes from the island on a pirate ship. The volcano destroys the island. The animated "monsters" that the castaways encounter are a giant crab, a giant flightless bird, giant bees, and a giant cephalopod.

Discharge (hydrology)

In hydrology, discharge is the outflow of water from a river or lake or other body of water. The discharge describes how much water flows through, in a certain amount of time. The amount is usually expressed in formula_1 (cubic metres per second).

The discharge is the opposite of the inflow.

Bagnolet

Bagnolet is a town in the east suburbs of Paris, France. It is 5.2 km (3.2 mi) from the center of Paris and is in the department of Seine-Saint-Denis. About 34,595 people lived there in 2006. 

From 1989 to 1999, the aviation engineering school Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées was in the town.


Orly

Orly is a town near Paris, France. It is in the Val-de-Marne département and the Île-de-France region. There are about 21,372 people in the town (as of 2007).

The École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university) was built at Orly in 1949. It was there from 1949 to 1969. The buildings are still visible from the road going to the airport of Paris Orly.

Georges Méliès

Georges Méliès (8 December 1861 – 21 January 1938) was a French moviemaker. He led the way in the use of special effects, multiple exposures, time-lapse photography, dissolves, and hand-painted colour in his work. His movies include "Conquest of the Pole", "A Trip to the Moon", and "The Impossible Voyage". These movies involve strange, surreal voyages, like those in Jules Verne's books. These movies are among the most important early science fiction movies. Méliès's "The Haunted Castle" is an early horror movie.

Méliès was born in Paris, France in 1861. He liked drawing and playing with a puppet theater as a child. He went to the theater often as a young man. About 1888, Méliès bought the Théatre Robert-Houdin and worked there as a magician. He became obsessed with moviemaking after seeing a movie by Antoine Lumière in 1895. In May 1896, he acquired his own movie camera and set up a movie studio. At the end of 1896, he formed a new company, Star Film.

Méliès began making movies that were three to nine minute long. He wrote, designed, filmed, and acted in nearly all of his movies. He liked putting magic tricks into his movies. While filming a street scene one day, the camera stopped briefly. When Méliès looked at the movie later, he noticed that at the moment of the break, the bus he had been filming suddenly disappeared and new vehicles replaced it. Making items appear and disappear by stopping and starting the camera would become one of his most commonly used movie tricks. 

In 1902, Méliès produced his first masterpiece, "A Trip to the Moon". It was inspired by several works of the time that speculated about life on the moon. H.G. Wells and Jules Verne wrote about space travel, for instance, and Offenbach composed an opera about a trip to the moon. "Trip" was a huge success in France. Méliès hoped to make a fortune showing it in the United States. Thomas Edison and other moviemakers made copies of "Trip" however, and made money on Méliès's work. 



The Haunted Castle

The Haunted Castle is an 1896 three-minute-long French movie written, directed, and produced by Georges Méliès. The movie contains many traditional pantomime elements. It was meant to amuse people, not frighten them. It is considered to be the first horror and vampire movie. "The Haunted Castle" is now in the public domain. In English, this movie has been known as "The Haunted Castle", "The Devil's Castle", "The Devil's Manor", "The Manor of the Devil", and "The House of the Devil". It was released on Christmas Eve, 1896, at the Theatre Robert Houdin, 8 boulevard des Italiens, Paris.

A large bat flies into a castle. The bat circles slowly while flapping its monstrous wings. Suddenly, it changes into Mephistopheles (Georges Méliès). After preparing a cauldron, the demon produces skeletons, ghosts, and witches from the bubbling contents of a cauldron. One of those summoned from the underworld holds up a crucifix. Satan vanishes in a blast of smoke.


Koei

, also known as , is a Japanese video game publisher, developer, and distributor.

In 2009, Koei merged with a competitor, Tecmo.

The new company was named Tecmo Koei.

Loreen

Lorine Zineb Nora Talhaoui (born 16 October 1983), better known as Loreen, is a Swedish-Moroccan pop singer, music producer, actress and model. Loreen is known for being the second person and first woman to win the Eurovision Song Contest twice.

She represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2012 with the song "Euphoria" and won. She returned to represent Sweden in Eurovision in 2023 and won with the song "Tattoo". This made her the first woman to win twice and also marked Sweden's seventh win, tying them with Ireland for the most wins at Eurovision.

She had also attempted to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest two other times in 2011 and 2017 with the songs "My Heart is Refusing Me" and "Statements". However, she did not win Sweden's selection show Melodifestivalen and therefore failed to do so. 

Loreen has also appeared on several television shows and films including the Swedish version of "Idol" in 2004 (which she was a contestant on), the Netflix film "JJ+E" and the .

Loreen was born in 1983 in Stockholm, Sweden to Moroccan parents. Loreen has Moroccan Berber ancestry.

Loreen was in a relationship with "Idol 2004" winner Daniel Lindström from 2004 to 2006. Lindström dedicated his first music album after winning "Idol" to Loreen. In early 2017, Loreen came out as bisexual. In March 2021, Loreen revealed that she had a boyfriend.



Computer speaker

Computer speakers are speakers external (meaning that they are on the outside) to a computer. Speakers contain amplifiers which vibrate to produce the sound. They come in many different forms. Some speakers are already attached to a computer. Some speakers are wireless. They work by Bluetooth. 

List of bridges in Ottawa

This is a list of bridges in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They are listed from west to east for the Ottawa River or North to South for the Rideau River and Canal. 

Bridges spanning the Ottawa River from west to east:







Bridges spanning the Rideau River from north to south:





















Bridges spanning the Rideau Canal from north to south:












Bridges not spanning the above water courses:



Bridges carrying roads or pedestrian ways over or under Highways 417, Highway 416 and Ottawa Highway 174 ar not listed.

Triodia

Triodia is a large genus of grass endemic to Australia. They are often called spinifex, but they are not a part of the genus "Spinifex", which is only found near the coast. There are 64 known species. Triodia is a perennial grass that grows in dry areas. They have spikey, pointed leaves, about 30-40 centimetres long.

The leaf tips can break off in people's skin, causing infections. Spinifex has been used by Australian Aborigines in many things. The seeds are collected for food. Spinifex resin is used as a glue in spear-making. The grasses were also burned to make smoke signals, to communicate with groups a long way away. Some species are used for building shelters. Others are used to make traps for catching fish.



38th G8 summit

The 38th G8 summit was held at Camp David, Maryland in the United States on May 18-19, 2012. The summit venue was moved from Chicago to rural Maryland in March 2012.

The Camp David summit of the Group of Eight (G8) was the 38th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

Previous G8 summits have been hosted by the United States at San Juan, Puerto Rico (1976); Williamsburg, Virginia (1983); Houston, Texas, Denver, Colorado (1997) and Sea Island, Georgia.

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

A number of national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit. They are asked to participate in some, but not all, G8 summit activities. The leaders of four African nations were invited by the US president:





The G8 leaders talked about making progress towards food security in Africa. 

Others were invited, including:




The summit is intended as a venue for resolving differences among the G8 members.

Traditionally, the host country of the G8 summit sets the agenda.

Discussions at the 38th G8 summit included some issues from previous summits.

The G8 discussions included a range of topics, including 

Planners anticipated protest groups and other activists. 

When the venue for the summit was changed from Chicago, a White House spokesman said security and the possibility of protests were not factors in the decision. Some protest groups took credit for the change of venue.

For some, the G8 summit was a profit-generating event; as for example, the "G8 Summit" magazines which have been published since 1998. 

Local businesses near Camp David are expecting more people in the area and profits because of the summit.



Alpine marmot

The Alpine marmot is a species of marmot. It can be found in mountain regions of central and southern Europe. It is the third-largest rodent on the European continent. The Eurasian beaver and the Crested porcupine are both larger than it. Alpine marmots mature in their third year. For this reason, marmots live in family groups of up to twenty animals. Alpine marmots have been around since the ice age. Today, their range is limited to the higher mountain regions.

Western Christianity

Western Christianity is a part of the Christian religion. Western Christianity talks about the religious traditions of Christians whose ancestors were from Western Europe.

Western Christianity includes people who are members of the Catholic Church, as well as people who are members of Protestant churches. The Protestant churches were formed by people who were former members of the Catholic Church. Many Protestant churches started during the Protestant Reformation in about 1600. 

As the Protestant leaders were former members of the Catholic Church, Protestants share many, but not all, religious beliefs and religious traditions with Catholics. However, Western Christianity is different from Eastern Christianity, which has a different set of religious traditions, but many of the same religious beliefs.

Western Christianity makes up about 90% of Christians worldwide. The Roman Catholic Church has over half of all Christians. The many Protestant and related denominations make up another 40%. Baptists, Lutherans, and Anglicans are some of the larger and older Western denominations which are not the Roman Catholic Church.


Paul Signac

Paul Signac (11 November 1863 – 15 August 1935) was a French neo-impressionist painter. His work with Georges Seurat helped create the pointillist style of painting. 

FIFA (video game series)

FIFA, also known as FIFA Football or FIFA Soccer, is a series of association football video games, released yearly by Electronic Arts. The most recent FIFA game released was "FIFA 23" released September 30th, 2022.

The "FIFA" video games franchise has versions in 10+ languages. It is available in 50+ countries. The series has sold more than 100 million copies.



ABC Kids

ABC Kids may refer to:


FIFA 14

FIFA 14 is a 2013 association football simulation video game created by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo 3DS, and Microsoft Windows. The PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions were released on the consoles' respective launch dates. It is the only game to be released on three different PlayStation consoles (PS2, PS3, and PS4). Lionel Messi is the cover athlete of the game. Since it was released on September 23, 2013, it has gotten good reviews.

Leagues/International teams in bold are licensed. 

Biosphere reserve

A biosphere reserve is an ecosystem with plants and animals of unusual scientific and natural interest. It is a label given by the UNESCO to help protect the sites. The plan is to promote management, research and education in ecosystem conservation. This includes the 'sustainable use of natural resources'. If, for example, fish or trees are taken for human use, this is done in ways which least damage the ecosystem.

A biosphere reserve consists of three zones: 

The program is run by UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere Program. It has started a World Network of Biosphere Reserves. The MAB program has built up the World Network of Biosphere Reserves since 1971. Biosphere reserves, exchange knowledge and experiences on new ideas for sustainable development. They are areas used to develop new ways of doing things, test these ways and share the results. The objective is to get a balanced relationship between mankind and nature. The biosphere is very important to humans.

Lake Amadeus

Lake Amadeus () is a huge salt lake in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory, in Australia. It is about north of Uluṟu. The lake is 180 km long and 10 km wide. It is the largest salt lake in the Northern Territory. Because of the dryness of the area, the lake is usually a dry salt crust. When it rains enough, water flows through it towards the east. It eventually connects to the Finke River. Lake Amadeus holds up to 600 million tonnes of salt. The groundwater soaks into the ground, and the lake supports several reliable springs.

The first European to find the lake was the explorer Ernest Giles in 1872. He had seen Kata Tjuta from far away and was making his way there. The lake blocked his path. He could not go over it because the dry lake bed was not able to hold the weight of his horses. He described the lake as "an infernal lake of mud and brine". Giles was going to name it "Lake Ferdinand" after Baron Ferdinand von Mueller. But Mueller asked Giles to instead name it after King Amadeus I of Spain. Amadeus had honoured Mueller a few years before.

Lake Amadeus is on Aboriginal land, and is covered by the Katiti and Petermann Aboriginal Land Trusts.

Elder Futhark

Elder Futhark is the oldest known runic script. It was used by Germanic tribes during the 2nd to 8th century. It consists of 24 different characters that are used like an alphabet; each character represents a sound or syllable. All Germamic tribes used the same form and same language. Its use lasted to the mid 8th century. Scholars are still discussing when it was first used: The oldest known use which is not disputed is a comb on the Vimose inscriptions from Denmark. It dates around the year 160. There are also runes on the Meldorf fibula, which date from the year 50. The inscription on the fibular is made of characters that are probably runes. The problem is that these characters can also represent symbols in the Latin alphabet.

Many of the characters from Elder Futhark resemble Latin or etruscan ones. For this reason, Elder Futhark had probably modelled form Southern Europe. The ordering of the Futhark letters is completely different from other known alphabets. In contrast, the ordering of the Latin alphabet is the same as the Greek one, which preceded it.

Adam Faith

Adam Faith (real name Terence Nelhams-Wright, 23 June 1940 – 8 March 2003) was a British singer, actor and journalist.

Faith was born in Acton, London. He died of a heart attack in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.


A Trip to the Moon

A Trip to the Moon is a 1902 French silent movie. It is based loosely on Jules Verne's "From the Earth to the Moon" and H. G. Wells' "The First Men in the Moon". In French, the title of the movie is "Le Voyage dans la lune". The movie was written and directed by Georges Méliès. He had some some help from his brother Gaston. The movie runs about 14 minutes. It was very popular when it was shown for the first time. It is the best-known of the many movies made by Méliès. "A Trip to the Moon" is the first science fiction movie. The movie has many new twists on animation and special effects. One of the most well known images is the one showing a spaceship landing in the Moon's eye. "A Trip to the Moon" was named one of the 100 greatest movies of the 20th century by "The Village Voice". It was ranked at #84.

Six astronomers agree to take a trip to the moon. They build a space capsule in the shape of a bullet. A huge cannon shoots it into space with the help of "marines". These marine are mostly pretty girls in sailor outfits. Some of the marines are men though. The Man in the Moon watches the capsule as it moves toward the moon. He gets hit in the eye. 

The astronomers get out of the capsule. They are tired. They unroll their blankets and sleep. A comet passes. The Big Dipper appears with human faces looking out of each star. Snowfall wakes the astronomers. They go into a cavern and find giant mushrooms. One astronomer opens his umbrella. It turns into a giant mushroom.

Selenites appear. They are insectoids that live on the moon. The astronomers fight them. They are captured. They are taken to the Selenite Palace. One astronomer destroys the Chief Selenite. The astronomers run to their space capsule. They take off. They land in an ocean on Earth. A ship rescues them. A celebration is held in honor of the brave men.


Younger Futhark

Younger Futhark is a runic script that developed from Elder Futhark, and was used mainly in Scandinavia. Younger Futhark was used form around the year 800. It uses 16 symbols instead of 24, for Elder Futhark. At the same time, the language developed from Proto-Norse to Old Norse, which used more that 16 sounds.

Hard Candy (Madonna album)

Hard Candy is the 11th studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released on April 19, 2008 by Warner Bros. The first single from the album, "4 Minutes" has Justin Timberlake and Timbaland singing in it. It went on to top charts around the world and reached number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The second single, "Give It 2 Me", has vocals from Pharrell Williams of The Neptunes. It reached the top ten in Canada and the UK.

"Hard Candy" was number one in several countries. Madonna did The Sticky and Sweet Tour to promote the album. "Hard Candy" has sold over four million copies around the world.
It was certified Gold in the United States for shipments of over 500,000 copies.

Dord

Dord is a ghost word, a word that was never used, but accidentally added to a dictionary. In 1934, the New International Merriam-Webster Dictionary printed the word, "dord", defining it as 'density'. Philip Babcock Gove was an editor at Merriam-Webster and became editor-in-chief of Webster's Third New International Dictionary. Gove wrote a letter to the journal American Speech fifteen years after the error was caught. He explained why "Dord" was printed in the second edition of the New International Dictionary. It got through when a slip was sent saying "D or d". Because the letters were typed with spaces between, it looked like it said "Dord".

In 1939, five years after the dictionary was published, an editor found out that "dord" was not a word, but the word was not fully removed from the dictionary until 1947. Dord is the only known ghost word in the Merriam-Webster Dictionary's history.

ETalk

etalk (formerly "eTalk Daily") is a Canadian entertainment news show hosted by Ben Mulroney and Tanya Kim.

Edwin S. Porter

Edwin Stanton Porter (April 21, 1870 – April 30, 1941) was an early movie pioneer and director. His most important movies are "Life of an American Fireman" (1903) and "The Great Train Robbery" (1903).

Life of an American Fireman

Life of an American Fireman is a silent movie. It was made by Edwin S. Porter. It was shot late in 1902. It was distributed early in 1903. It is one of the earliest American storytelling movies. It is about the rescue of a woman and child from a burning building. It has seven scenes and nine shots. Movie expert Charles Musser points out that this movie shows that the social role of firefighters was changing at the time it was made.

Pentane

Pentane is an organic compound with the chemical formula of . It is an alkane with five carbon atoms. Usually, "pentane" represents all three isomers ("n"-pentane, isopentane and neopentane). But in the IUPAC, pentane only represents "n"-pentane. In the IUPAC, the other two isomers is 2-methylbutane and 2,2-dimethylpropane. Cyclopentane's chemical formula is , so it is not an isomer of pentane.

All isomers of pentane burn with oxygen to make carbon dioxide and water:

Max Schreck

Friedrich Gustav Max Schreck (6 September 1879 – 20 February 1936) was a German actor. He is remembered for his role in the horror movie "Nosferatu" (1922).

Schreck was born in Berlin-Friedenau, on 6 September 1879. He received his training at the " (the State Theatre of Berlin). He completed his studies in 1902. He made his stage debut in Meseritz and Speyer. He then toured Germany for two years appearing at theatres in Zittau, Erfurt, Bremen, Lucerne, Gera, and Frankfurt am Main. Schreck then joined Max Reinhardt's company of performers in Berlin. Many of Reinhardt's troupe made a significant contribution to movies.

Between 1919 and 1922, Schreck appeared at the Munich Kammerspiele. He had a role in the expressionist production of Bertolt Brecht's debut, " ("Drums in the Night"). He played the "freakshow landlord" Glubb. During this time he also worked on his first movie "Der Richter von Zalamea". In 1921, he was hired by Prana Film for their first and only movie, "Nosferatu". The company declared itself bankrupt after the movie was released. They did not want to pay copyright infringement costs to "Dracula" author Bram Stoker's widow. Schreck portrayed Count Orlok in the movie. The character was very similar to Count Dracula.

In 1923, Schreck was still in Munich. He appeared in a 16-minute (one-reeler) slapstick, "surreal comedy" written by Bertolt Brecht entitled ' ("Mysteries of a Barbershop"). Schreck appeared as a blind man in the film ' ("The Street") the same year.

Schreck's second collaboration with "Nosferatu" director F. W. Murnau was the 1924 comedy "" ("The Grand Duke's Finances"). Murnau did not like the final product.

In 1926, Schreck returned to the Kammerspiele in Munich. He continued to act in movies. He made the transition to "talkies". He died in 1936 in Munich of a heart attack. On 19 February 1936, Schreck had just played The Grand Inquisitor in the play '. That evening he felt unwell. The doctor sent him to the hospital where he died early the next morning His obituary praised his role as The Miser in Molière's comedy play. He was buried on 14 March 1936 at Wilmersdorfer Waldfriedhof in Berlin.

Schreck was married to actress Fanny Normann. She appeared in a few movies. She was often credited as Fanny Schreck. The word "schreck" is also the German word for "fright", or "terror". Because of this, many authors who were unaware of Schreck's on-stage credits (and ignorant of the rather sparse details of his personal life) speculated that there was really no such person, and that Schreck was, in fact, some well-known actor who had chosen to adopt a pseudonym for his role in "Nosferatu". One of the prime "suspects" was Alfred Abel; however, a careful examination of the photographs of these two actors is sufficient to dispel such notions.

Schreck's contemporaries recalled he was a loner with an unusual sense of humor. He was skilled in playing grotesque characters. One reported he lived in "a remote and strange world". He was said to spend time walking through dark forests.

The person and performance of Max Schreck in "Nosferatu" has been fictionalized by actor Willem Dafoe in E. Elias Merhige's "Shadow of the Vampire". In a sort of secret history, "Shadow" posits that Schreck actually "was" a vampire.

Scriptwriter Daniel Waters created the character Max Shreck for the film "Batman Returns" and compared him to the character Max Schreck played in "Nosferatu". "Variety" claimed the name was an in-joke. Shreck was a character created exclusively for the movie, absent from the comics, and serves as one of the main antagonists.



Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem

The Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem is one of the last remaining large, nearly intact ecosystems in the northern temperate zone of the Earth. It is partly in Yellowstone National Park. 
The Greater Yellow Ecosystem (GYE) is a kind of natural laboratory in landscape ecology and geology. It is a world-renowned recreational site, and home to the animals of Yellowstone.

The Yellowstone National Park boundaries were drawn in 1872 to include all the geothermal basins in the area. By the 1970s, the grizzly bear's ("Ursus arctos") range in and near the park became the unofficial minimum boundary of a Greater Yellowstone ecosystem. This had at least . Since then, definitions of the greater ecosystem's size have steadily grown larger. A 1994 study listed the size as , while a 1994 speech by a Greater Yellowstone Coalition leader enlarged that to .

In 1985 the United States House of Representatives Subcommittees on Public Lands and National Parks and Recreation held a joint subcommittee hearing on Greater Yellowstone. The result was a 1986 report by the Congressional Research Service which said that different agencies were not working well together, and the area's essential values were at risk.

There are other areas within the Greater Yellowstone area which are managed by federal authorities. They include the Gallatin, Custer, Caribou-Targhee, Bridger-Teton and Shoshone National Forests, the John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway, the National Elk Refuge and Grand Teton National Park. The GYE also includes some private lands around those managed by the U.S. Government. 

Outside of Yellowstone National Park, ten wilderness areas have been established in the National Forests since 1966 to get more habitat protection than usual.

Old Frisian

Old Frisian was a language spoken between the 13th and 16th century, in the area between the Weser and the Zuiderzee. It is the common ancestor of the Frisian languages, Today, laws and deeds which use Old Frisian remain. 

Mount Takao

In 1927, Mount Takao was named one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.

The city of Hachiōji, Tokyo is at the base of Mount Takao.

Mount Takao is above sea level.


It (1927 movie)

It is a 1927 silent movie. It is a romantic comedy movie. The story is about a girl who works in a department store. She sets her sights on her handsome and rich boss. The movie's star Clara Bow became known as the "It girl". Dorothy Parker quipped about Bow's character: "It, hell: She had those." The picture was believed lost, but a copy was found in Prague in the 1960s. In 2001, "It" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Betty Lou Spence (Clara Bow) has a crush on her handsome boss, Cyrus Waltham, Jr. (Antonio Moreno). He is the new manager of his father's big department store. They belong to different social classes. He is already romantically involved with socialite Adela Van Norman (Jacqueline Gadsden). Cyrus's silly friend Monty (William Austin) notices Betty. She uses him to get closer to Cyrus.

When she finally gets Cyrus's attention, she convinces him to take her on a date to Coney Island. He has a wonderful time. He tries to kiss her on the way home. Betty Lou slaps his face. She hurries out of his car and into her flat. She then peeks out her window at him as he drives away.

Betty bravely proclaims herself as an unmarried mother to protect her sickly roommate Molly (Priscilla Bonner) from having her baby taken away by a couple of meddling welfare workers. Monty arrives at just the wrong moment, forcing Betty to continue the charade with him. He tells Cyrus. Although he is in love with her, Cyrus offers her an "arrangement" that includes everything but marriage. Betty Lou, shocked and humiliated, refuses, quits her job, and resolves to forget Cyrus. When she learns from Monty about Cyrus's misunderstanding, she fumes, and vows to teach her former beau a lesson.

When Cyrus hosts a yachting excursion, Betty Lou makes Monty take her along, masquerading as "Miss Van Cortland". Cyrus at first wants to remove her from the ship, but he cannot long resist Betty Lou's "it" factor; he eventually corners her and proposes marriage, but she gets him back, by telling him that she'd "rather marry his office boy", which accomplishes her goal, but breaks her heart.

He then learns the truth about the baby, and leaves Monty at the helm of the yacht to go find her. Monty crashes the yacht into a fishing boat, tossing both Betty Lou and Adela into the water. Betty Lou saves Adela, punching her in the face when she panics and threatens to drown them both. At the end of the movie, she and Cyrus reconcile on the anchor of the yacht, with the first two letters of the ship's name, "Itola", between them. Monty and Adela are upset at losing their friends however, it's implied they pursue a relationship with each other as the movie ends.

Elinor Glynn is thought to have invented the concept of "It". Actually, in 1904, R. Kipling, in the short story "Mrs. Bathurst" introduced "It".

In February 1927 "Cosmopolitan" published a two-part serial story in which Glyn defined "It".

Paramount Pictures paid Glyn $50,000 for the concept. They gave her a small part in the movie as herself. She was given a "story and adaptation" credit.

Hope Loring, Louis D. Lighton and George Marion Jr. (titles) wrote the screenplay. Carl Sandburg noted that Glyn's magazine story was "not at all like the film, not like it in any respect." 

This is one of the first examples of a "concept film". It is also one of the earliest examples of product placement. The concept of "It" is referred to throughout the movie. In one scene, Glyn appears as herself to define "It" for Mr. Waltham. "Cosmopolitan Magazine" is featured prominently in another scene. In this scene, the character Monty reads Glyn's story and introduces it to the audience.

Stage actress Dorothy Tree had her first movie role in a small, uncredited part. A young Gary Cooper was cast in a minor role as a newspaper reporter.

"It" was a hit with American audiences. It broke box office records. Critics praised the movie. They said Bow was "a joy to behold".


Kim Jong-un

Kim Jong-un (born 8 January 1983) is a North Korean politician and the 3rd and current Supreme Leader of North Korea since 2011.

According to reports in Japanese newspapers, he went to school in Switzerland near Bern. First reports claimed Kim went to the private English-language International School in Gümligen under the name "Chol-pak" or "Pak-chol" from 1993 to 1998. Kim was described as shy, a good student who got along well with his classmates, and was a basketball fan.

In December 2011, Kim became the leader of North Korea after his father Kim Jong-il died on 17 December 2011. His grandfather Kim Il-Sung was the first leader of North Korea.

On 9 March 2014, Kim was elected unopposed to the Supreme People's Assembly.

On 12 December 2013, North Korean news outlets reported that due to alleged "treachery", Kim had ordered the execution of his uncle Jang Song-thaek. Kim is thought by many to have ordered the assassination of his half-brother, Kim Jong-nam, in Malaysia in February 2017.

As of 2016, the United Nations has created five rounds of sanctions against North Korea for its nuclear program and missile tests.

As of March 2018, a South Korean official Chung Eui-Yong made an announcement on North Korea in the White House briefing room that the North Korean leader Kim told the South Koreans he is "committed to denuclearisation" and "North Korea will refrain from any further nuclear or missile tests." and is open to meeting Donald Trump in North Korea.

Human rights violations under the leadership of Kim Jong-il were condemned by the UN General Assembly. Press reports indicate that they are continuing under Kim.

In his 2018 New Year Speech, Kim said he was open to talk with with South Korea, and also to taking part in the 2018 Winter Olympics in the South. The Seoul–Pyongyang hotline was reopened after almost 2 years. North and South Korea marched together in the Olympics opening ceremony under a unified flag.

In April 2018, Kim and Moon Jae-in formally attended the inter-Korean summit of 2018 and agreed to formally end the Korean War before 2019.

In April and May 2018, Kim met with Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China. In May 2018, Donald Trump said on Twitter that he would meet with Kim on June 12 in Singapore for peace talks.

Kim is married to Ri Sol-ju. They married in 2009. They had a daughter in 2010. He attended a state school in Switzerland from 1998 to 2000 posing as a diplomat's son. Kim is reported to have later attended the Kim Il Sung Military University in Pyongyang from 2002 to 2007. His mother died of cancer in 2004.

In 2009, reports suggested that Kim was a diabetic and suffered from hypertension. He is also known to smoke cigarettes.


Anthony Perkins

Anthony Perkins (April 4, 1932 – September 12, 1992) was an American actor. He is best known for his roles in "Psycho" and its sequels, where he played Norman Bates, a serial killer who suffered from dissociative identity disorder.

Perkins was born in New York City and was the son of actor Osgood Perkins (1892-1937). He moved to Boston, Massachusetts in 1942.

Perkins was bisexual. He was married to photographer Berry Berenson (1948-2001) from 1973 until his death from AIDS in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California in 1992. The couple had two sons, actor Oz (born 1974) and musician Elvis (born 1976). Berenson was killed in the September 11 terrorist attacks. She was aboard American Airlines Flight 11 when it was hijacked and crashed into the World Trade Center.

Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man

Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) is a database that keeps track of all known human genes.

It list those which cause genetic disorders, and those which simply cause traits. There are about 8,000 entries for genes, and 15,000 entries for phenotypes, which are (roughly) the feature(s) caused by a person's genes.

When possible it links diseases to specific genes. It provides a useful tool for further research. OMIM is one of the databases housed in the U.S. National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI). People search it using the NCBI search menus.

Mendelian Inheritance in Man was started as books in the early 1960s. The 12th edition is the most recent book. The online version, OMIM, has been available since 1987. NCBI move it to the World Wide Web in 1995. By 2004, OMIM contained more than 15,000 records.

Every disease and gene is given a six digit number. The first digit in each number tells how the gene or disease is inherited (passed from one generation to the next).

If the initial digit is 1, the trait is autosomal dominant; if 2, autosomal recessive; if 3, X-linked. Each trait defined in this dictionary has a MIM number, the number from the 12th edition of MIM. The MIM number is printed in square brackets with or without an asterisk (asterisks indicate that the mode of inheritance is known; a number symbol (#) before an entry number means that the phenotype can be caused by mutation in any of two or more genes) as appropriate. For example, Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease [MIM #312080] is an X-linked recessive disorder.

Range of MIM codes: method of inheritance 

These codes have been used in the medical literature to provide a unified index to genetic diseases.


Valdagno

Valdagno is a comune in the province of Vicenza, in Italy

Un ballo in maschera

Un ballo in maschera (A Masked Ball) is an Italian opera in three acts. The music was written by Giuseppe Verdi. The libretto was written by Antonio Somma. It is based on Eugène Scribe's "Gustave III ou Le Bal Masqué". 

The opera was first performed at the Teatro Appollo in Rome, on February 17, 1859. One of Verdi's richest middle-period works, it relates the events surrounding the assassination of King Gustav III of Sweden, but because of censorship, the story was transposed to 17th century Boston, with Gustav becoming an English governor, Richard of Warwick. Nowadays, most productions present the opera in its original Swedish setting. 



Indigenous land rights in Australia

Aboriginal land rights in Australia are the special set of rights given to Indigenous Australians to own land. There are many different types of land rights laws. They all allow the government to grant land to indigenous (native) Australians under many different conditions (terms). Land rights schemes are in place in the Northern Territory, Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria. Under these laws, the title to the land is normally given to a community or ethnic group, not an individual. Usually, land that has been granted in a land rights claim can not be sold, traded, or mortgaged. Grants will be normally require that the land be passed down to future generations through inheritance.

The passing of Aboriginal land rights laws in Australia was caused by many important Aboriginal protests. It was not until the 1970s, though, that there came an "organised" movement for the recognition of Aboriginal land rights.

On 1 May 1946, more than 800 Aboriginal stockmen in the Pilbara region of Western Australia went on strike. They demanded wages for their work. They were joined by other Aboriginal workers from the towns of Port Hedland and Marble Bar. The strike ended in 1949.

In 1963, the government turned part of the Yolngu people's traditional lands (in Arnhem Land) into a bauxite mine. The Yolngu started a petition (now called the Yirrkala bark petitions) to demand the rights to these lands. The petition was turned into a legal case. Mining went ahead anyway, and the legal case went on for 41 years. The Yolngu were finally made a part of the agreement between the government and the mining company in 2011.

In 1964 and 1965, students from the University of Sydney formed a group called the Student Action for Aboriginals. They travelled into New South Wales country towns to research segregation between native and non-native people. They led protests to get people to know about the issue of Aboriginal civil rights. It became known as the Freedom Ride movement. At the time, Aboriginal people were not counted in the census and their civil rights were different to white citizens. This changed in 1967, when a referendum gave Aborigines the same rights as white Australians.

The Wave Hill walk-off was in August 1966. A total of 200 Gurindji stockmen and servants at Wave Hill cattle station went on strike to demand wages and the return of some of their traditional lands. The strike went for nine years. The demand was not met, but the Gurindji stayed camped on their traditional country. They chose to break the state's law but obey their own. It raised popular support for Aboriginal land rights. Supporters in the cities rallied for the Gurindji and eventually they won title to part of their land.

In 1973, an Aboriginal Land Rights Commission was created in the Northern Territory. This royal commission said that the government should recognise Aboringal Land Rights, and gave advice for passing laws on it. Prime Minister Gough Whitlam took the advice and brought a Land Rights Bill to parliament. It was changed by the next prime minister, Malcolm Fraser, and passed by the Governor-General on 16 December 1976 as the Aboriginal Land Rights Act 1976.

In 1976, the Territory government passed the first Aboriginal land rights law in the country. It allowed Aboriginal people in the Territory to claim rights to land that their ancestors had lived on before the arrival of white people. Groups that made claims had to show proof of their traditional (historical) association with the land. This ended up giving almost 50% of land in the Northern Territory (around ) to native groups. Before this act, there had been many "indigenous reserves" in the Northern Territory. This land was owned by the government and set aside for Aboriginal people to live on until they were assimilated into white society. When the act was put into effect, the old "reserves" were given to the Aboriginal groups living on them without them having to make a claim.

A law passed by the Queensland Government in 1984 set up Deeds of Grant in Trust (DOGIT) to run the former Aboriginal reserves and missions.

The Aboriginal Lands Trust (ALT) of Western Australia was established by the "Aboriginal Affairs Planning Authority Act 1972". 

Safety Last!

Safety Last! is a 1923 silent movie. It is a romantic comedy. It stars Harold Lloyd. The image of Lloyd clutching the hands of a large clock as he dangles from the outside of a skyscraper above moving traffic is well known. The movie was very successful and critically hailed. It cemented Lloyd's status as a major figure in early movies. It is still popular with movie buffs. Lloyd performed some of his climbing stunts despite losing a thumb and forefinger in an accident while making a movie four years earlier.


Mario Manningham

Mario Cashmere Manningham (born May 25, 1986) is an American football wide receiver who currently plays for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Giants in the third round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan.

In 2005, as a freshman, Manningham had 27 receptions for 433 yards and six touchdowns, including the game-winning catch as time expired in the game against Penn State, handing the Lions their only loss that season.

Manningham finished 2006 with a total 38 receptions 703 yards and nine touchdowns. He was named Big Ten Offensive Player of the Week two weeks in a row, first against Notre Dame and then against Wisconsin.

Manningham had a total of 72 receptions for 1,174 yards and 12 touchdowns in 2007.

After the 2007 season, Manningham opted to forgo (forget, not do) his eligibility for his senior year in 2008 and entered the NFL Draft. He finished his career at Michigan with 137 receptions for 2,310 yards and 27 touchdowns. Those marks (in order) placed him ninth, fifth, and fourth in school history.

Manningham was selected in the third round (95th overall) of the 2008 NFL Draft by the New York Giants.

During rookie training camp, Manningham said that he looked forward to playing with fellow former Michigan Wolverine Amani Toomer, who was with New York at the time. Manningham signed a four-year deal worth up to $2.3 million as a rookie.

Manningham has been working on his punt return abilities and competed for the punt returner spot in 2009.

Manningham kicked off the 2009 NFL season by catching three passes for 58 yards and a touchdown en route to the Giants' 23-17 win over the Washington Redskins. He followed this up by catching 10 passes for 150 yards and a juggling sliding catch for a touchdown in the Giants' 33-31 win over the Dallas Cowboys.

Manningham became the starting wide receiver opposite Steve Smith after fellow receiver Domenik Hixon was injured in a Week 2 game against the Dallas Cowboys.

Manningham let Victor Cruz and Hakeem Nicks take much of his playing time, and Manningham was only the #3 wideout in 2011.

On February 5, 2012, Manningham made a catch in the fourth quarter of Superbowl XLVI to set up the win against the Patriots. Trailing by 2 points with 3 minutes 46 seconds remaining, the Giants started the winning drive. Eli Manning lofted a long pass down the left sideline to Mario Manningham, who kept his feet inbounds by inches with two defenders around him. The Giants went on to beat the New England Patriots 21-17. Manningham ended the game with 5 catches for 73 yards. Most people think that he will not return to the Giants.

Manningham had reportedly been removed from "multiple teams'" draft boards due to alleged marijuana use in college. Mario denied testing positive at first, then sent a letter to all 32 teams saying he lied. Manningham claimed he failed two drug tests. Bob McGinn of the "Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel" reported that Manningham scored a 6 out of 50 on the Wonderlic exam. This along with several other problems caused his draft value to drop.


Broken Blossoms

Broken Blossoms, or The Yellow Man and the Girl is a silent movie directed by D. W. Griffith. It was distributed by United Artists. It premiered on May 13, 1919.

It tells the story of a young girl who is abused by her alcoholic father. She meets a kind-hearted Chinese man who falls in love with her. The movie is based on Thomas Burke's short story "The Chink and the Child".

In 1996, "Broken Blossoms" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Cheng Huan (Richard Barthelmess) leaves his native China. He "dreams to spread the gentle message of Buddha to the Anglo-Saxon lands." His idealism fades in London’s brutal and gritty inner-city. He meets and grows devoted to the "broken blossom" Lucy Burrows (Lillian Gish). She is the beautiful but unwanted and abused daughter of prizefighter Battling Burrows (Donald Crisp).

After being beaten and discarded one evening by her raging father, Lucy finds sanctuary in the beautiful and exotic room above Cheng's shop. As Cheng nurses Lucy back to health, the two form a bond as two unwanted outcasts of society. When Lucy’s father gets wind of his daughter's whereabouts, he drags her back to their home to punish her. Fearing for her life, Lucy locks herself inside a closet to escape her brutal father.

By the time Cheng arrives to rescue Lucy, it is too late. Lucy’s lifeless body lies on her bed as her father drinks in another room. Cheng gazes at Lucy’s youthful face which, in spite of the circumstances, beams with innocence. Her father enters the room to make his escape. The two stand for a long while, exchanging spiteful glances, until Battling Burrows lunges for Cheng with a hatchet. Cheng retaliates by shooting Burrows repeatedly with his handgun. After returning to his home with Lucy’s body, Cheng builds a shrine to Buddha and takes his own life with a knife to the stomach.

The most-discussed scene in "Broken Blossoms" is the "closet" scene. Gish writhes in the claustrophobic space like a tortured animal who knows there is no escape. Critic Richard Schickel writes, "It is heartbreaking – yet for the most part quite delicately controlled by the actress. Barthelmess reports that her hysteria was induced by Griffith’s taunting of her. Gish claims that she improvised the child’s tortured movements on the spot and that when she finished the scene there was a hush on stage. Griffith then exclaimed, 'My God, why didn’t you warn me you were going to do that?'”. The scene also demonstrates Griffith's ability to create an aural effect with only an image. Gish's screams apparently attracted such a crowd outside the studio that people needed to be held back.

Monsters University

Monsters University (also known as Monsters, Inc.: Monsters University or simply Monsters, Inc. 2) is an American computer-animated comedy movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios. Walt Disney Pictures acquired the American film rights and distributed the film in the USA. In August 2013, it was owned by Litton Entertainment and then released it internationally. It is a prequel to "Monsters, Inc." and follows the same monsters who later become friends. John Goodman, Billy Crystal and Steve Buscemi reprised their roles.


A second movie of "Monsters, Inc." had been planned since 2005. Following disagreements between then-Disney CEO Michael Eisner and then-Pixar owner Steve Jobs, Disney (who at the time owned the rights to make sequels to all of Pixar's films until the movie "Cars" was released) announced that a sequel to "Monsters, Inc." would be made by Circle 7 Animation. Circle 7 were also working on an early draft of "Toy Story 3" at the time.
The movie was originally going to be named "Monsters, Inc. 2: Lost in Scaradise". The movie would have been about Mike and Sulley visiting the human world to give Boo a birthday present. However, they find out that she had moved to a different house. After getting trapped in the human world, Mike and Sulley split up after disagreeing on what to do (Sulley wanting to look for Boo, Mike wanting to find a way to get back to Monstropolis).

Screenwriters Rob Muir and Bob Hilgenberg were hired to write the script. They storyboarded an early draft of the script.
A sequel made by Pixar was officially announced in 2010. The movie was originally planned to be released on November 16, 2012. However, it was later changed to November 2, 2012 (eleven years to the day after the release of its predecessor) to avoid direct competition with "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2". On April 5, 2011, it was announced that the film's release date had been pushed back farther to June 21, 2013 due to the success of Pixar movies that are released in the summer. This is according to Disney distribution executive Chuck Viane. It will be the studio's fourteenth feature film. Since being acquired by Litton Entertainment in August 2013, the company released the film internationally.

In early 2011, there were claims that "Monsters, Inc. 2" was going to be a prequel which focuses on Sulley and Mike's studies at the University of Fear, where they start off as rivals but soon become best friends. This is similar to how Woody and Buzz Lightyear start off in the first "Toy Story". On March 29, 2011, it was confirmed that the movie will indeed be a prequel and the new title "Monsters University" was shown. The movie will be directed by Dan Scanlon and produced by Kori Rae. It was also announced that John Goodman, Billy Crystal and Steve Buscemi will be reprising their roles. New voice cast includes Dave Foley, Julia Sweeney, Joel Murray, and Peter Sohn.

On August 12, 2011, Billy Crystal went to a 20th anniversary screening of "City Slickers". When he was asked about his return to the role of Mike Wazowski he said, "That's why I'm a little hoarse. I spent five-and-a-half hours today for our fourth session on "Monsters Inc. 2"." Crystal has said that he and co-star John Goodman are having a blast together and describes the script as "really great" and "hilarious". Crystal also gave little details of the story of the movie. He described, "It's college pranks with monsters. And I wear a retainer. Mike has a retainer."


Vinny Testaverde

Vincent Frank Testaverde (b. 13 November 1963) is a retired American Football quarterback. He played college football for the Miami Hurricanes. In the National Football League, Testaverde played 21 seasons for seven different teams. He had much success, but also struggled with limiting turnovers, which was part of the reason he never stayed long with any professional team. Testaverde also never won a Super Bowl.

Testaverde was born in Brooklyn, New York, USA. While living in Elmont, on Long Island, Testaverde went to school at Sewanhaka High School in Floral Park, and graduated in 1981.

Testaverde played college football for the Miami Hurricanes for four years from 1982 through 1986. He won the Heisman Trophy as a senior.

Testaverde was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1987. He struggled with them and went on to play for the Cleveland Browns. In 1996 with the new Baltimore Ravens, Testaverde threw 33 touchdown passes, over 4,100 passing yards, and 19 interceptions. He struggled again in 1997, and went on to the New York Jets, where he had success. Over his later career, Testaverde bounced around the league as a backup for multiple teams. In his final NFL season in 2007, Testaverde and David Carr split time. Testaverde later announced his retirement.

Testaverde holds several NFL records, but not all are positive. He has thrown a touchdown in 21 consecutive seasons. He has the most losses by a starting quarterback with 123. He has thrown touchdown passes to an NFL record 70 different players.

He and his wife, Mitzi, have two daughters, Alicia Marie and Madeleine, and a son, Vincent, Jr.


Florida Seminoles

The Florida Semenholes are a college football team that plays in the NCAA.

Marvin Lewis

Marvin Ronald Lewis (b. September 23, 1958) is an American football coach. He is the head coach for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League. In 2002, Lewis was the defensive coodinator for the Washington Redskins. Before that, he was the defensive coodinator for the Baltimore Ravens, who, like Cincinnati, are also in the AFC North. In 2000, a Baltimore defense led by Lewis was one of the most feared defense in league history as they won Super Bowl XXXV.


Mike Nolan

Mike Nolan (born March 7, 1959 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American football coach. He is the current defensive coordinator of the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He was formerly head coach for the San Francisco 49ers and a defensive coordinator for the Baltimore Ravens (was also Baltimore's wide receivers coach in 2001), New York Jets, Washington Redskins, New York Giants, Denver Broncos and Miami Dolphins. He is famous for also wearing a suit often while coaching (NFL coaches usually wear team clothing), which was originally a memorial for his late father.

Nolan attended the University of Oregon in college and was a three-year letterman in football and starter at safety in college football.

Shannon Sharpe

Shannon Sharpe (born June 26, 1968) is a former American Football tight end who played for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. Sharpe is known for his creative commentary and occasional trash-talking. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, and inducted on August 6, 2011. Sharpe played 12 seasons for Denver (1990–99, 2002–03) and two years with the Baltimore (2000–01), winning three Super Bowls and finishing his career as the NFL's all-time leader in receptions (815), receiving yards (10,060) and receiving touchdowns (62) by a tight end until Tony Gonzalez surpassed all 3 of these records, including breaking his total yardage record on October 5, 2008. Sharpe holds the distinction of being the first tight end ever to amass over 10,000 receiving yards. Shannon was also named a member of the NFL's first team All-Decade team of the 1990s.

Sharpe grew up poor and is the brother of former wide receiver Sterling Sharpe. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio in 2011.


Sterling Sharpe

Sterling Sharpe is a current NFL Network analyst and former American football wide receiver for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League. He had to stop playing due to injuries. Sharpe grew up poor and his brother is Shannon Sharpe, who gave Sterling one of his Super Bowl three rings.

Silicate mineral

A silicate mineral is a mineral that has a combination of the elements silicon and oxygen. In other words, a silicate mineral has one or more silicates. These minerals (especially feldspar) make up about 90% of the Earth's crust. 

Akili Smith

Kabisa Akili Maradufu Smith (born August 21, 1975 in San Diego, California) is a retired American football player. He played quarterback in both American and Canadian football. Smith played in the NFL and CFL.

Rex Ryan

Rex Ryan (born December 13, 1962) is an American football coach. He is the head coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He coached for the New York Jets from 2009 until 2014. After serving as an assistant coach for twenty-two years, Ryan attained his first head coaching job in the NFL with the Jets in 2009. Ryan was also a great defensive coordinaor for the Baltimore Ravens and won Super Bowl XXXV with Baltimore. He is the son of former Philadelphia Eagles and Arizona Cardinals head coach Buddy Ryan and is the twin brother of Rob Ryan, defensive coordinator for the Dallas Cowboys. Ryan is known for his outspoken manner.

On December 29, 2014, Ryan was fired by the New York Jets. On January 12, 2015, Ryan signed a five-year, $27.5 million contract to become the head coach of the Buffalo Bills.

Jamal Lewis

Jamal Lafitte Lewis (born August 26, 1979) is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens fifth overall in the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Tennessee. He also played for the Cleveland Browns from 2007 to 2009. Lewis helped the Ravens win Super Bowl XXXV in his rookie season in 2000.

Chuck Pagano

Charles D. "Chuck" Pagano (born October 2, 1960) is an American American football coach and former player. He is currently the head coach for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL), a position he assumed in January 2012. Pagano has previously served as the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens in 2011, as well as several other positions.


Jason Witten

Christopher Jason Witten (born May 6, 1982) is an American football tight end for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Tennessee.

In his first of three years playing college football at the University of Tennessee, Witten went from being a defensive end prospect to a record breaking tight end. He posted school records for most receptions (39) and receiving yards (493). He continued to be a good, solid player in college.

Jason Witten was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 3rd round (69 overall) by the Dallas Cowboys in the 2003 NFL Draft. Witten has a successful career in Dallas. He has been voted to seven Pro Bowls. On November 28, 2008, Witten made his 400th catch in a Thanksgiving day game against the Seattle Seahawks. Witten became the 3rd all-time catch leader for a tight end over Ozzie Newsome with his 663rd career catch.
Witten is a Christian, and appeared on the show "I am Second" and talked about his faith. Witten lives in Texas, USA and is married. He has two sons, CJ and Cooper. He also owns the "Jason Witten SCORE Foundation", which helps people affected by domestic violence.



University of North Carolina at Asheville

University of North Carolina at Asheville is a co-educational, public liberal arts university in Asheville, North Carolina. The university has about 3,644 students. It was founded in 1927. The current chancellor of the university is Anne Ponder. 

The athletics teams of the university are called the Bulldogs. They have 6 varsity teams for men and 6 for women, most of which compete in the Big South Conference. 


Tight end

A tight end is a position in American and Canadian football. They often catch passes like a wide receiver. Tight ends are stronger than normal receivers and therefore are often called to block.

Cecil B. DeMille

Cecil Blount DeMille (August 12, 1881 – January 21, 1959) was an American movie director. He was an Academy Award-winning producer of both silent and sound movies. He was renowned for the flamboyance and showmanship of his movies. His first movies were "The Squaw Man" and "Joan the Woman". Among his best-known films are "Cleopatra", "Samson and Delilah"; "The Greatest Show on Earth", which won the Academy Award for Best Picture; and "The Ten Commandments", which was his last and most successful movie.

DeMille married Constance Adams on August 16, 1902 and had one child, Cecilia. The couple adopted Katherine Lester in the early 1920s. She married Anthony Quinn. They also adopted two sons, John and Richard. DeMille suffered a near fatal heart attack in 1956 during the shooting in Egypt of "The Ten Commandments". He never fully recovered. He died on January 21, 1959 of heart failure. He rests in Hollywood Forever Cemetery). At the time of his death, he was planning to direct a movie about space travel. He also wanted to do a movie about the Biblical Book of Revelation.


Miles Austin

Miles Jonathon Austin III (born June 30, 1984) is an American football player. He plays as a wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys. He was signed by the Cowboys in 2006. Austin played college football for the Monmouth Hawks. Austin's professional career was quiet at first, but Austin had a breakout year in 2009. He also had a great season in 2010, but missed much of 2011 with an injury. In his NFL career from 2006 to the present, Austin has 211 catches, 3,294 total receiving yards, and 28 total touchdowns. He also has 11 attempts, 94 yards, and a touchdown rushing.
Austin, with the help of his family, owns the Austin Family Foundation, which helps improve the mental and physical status of young people.


Kalininskaya Line

The Kalininskaya Line is part of the Moscow metro. It was built especially for Moscow Olympics 1980. The first part of the line opened in 1979 (Marksistskaya-Novogireevo). This part is 11.4 km long. The next part (Marksistskaya-Tretyakovskaya) opened in 1986. This line is number 8 and its colour is yellow. This line has 7 working stations and one under construction:

Jameel McClain

Jameel Leshawn McClain (born July 25, 1985) is an American former professional football linebacker. He played 7 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and New York Giants. He was signed by the Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Syracuse. McClain scored his only official professional touchdown on October 4, 2011 after recovering a fumble against the New York Jets. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

McClain grew up poor in Philadelphia and basically lived at a Salvation Army center. He now often helps in the community. In 2010, McClain created the 53 Families Foundation which helps youth receive basic needs.

Jōwa (Muromachi period)





Chelation

Chelation refers to the bonding of elemental atoms that cannot normally be bonded. For example, Sodium is a metal element that can bond with many other elements, like chlorine (forming common table salt: NaCl), or hydrogen and oxygen (Sodium hydroxide). The reason for this is that the way that atoms bond with each other is similar to a jigsaw puzzle: Only the proper shape can fit into the empty space made by the other pieces. However, with atoms, it's a bit different. For each element, the atom carries a certain number of electrons in orbit around its nucleus. Sometimes these orbits are split into levels, and only a certain number of electrons can fill each orbit before moving to a higher orbit. 

Sometimes, an orbit level is not filled all the way and can only be filled with electrons from another element with a smaller number of electrons in a higher level. When the atoms bond together, the electrons are traded between the two equally and create a very strong bond.

However, there are a few elements that cannot bond with many other elements, because they have orbits that are already filled, or nearly filled, equally. (Like a finished jigsaw puzzle) These elements can sometimes be poisonous to a human, and cannot be removed easily (for example, mercury.) Chelation enables a non-bonding element to bond, thereby enabling removal.

List of Shimizu S-Pulse players

The List of Shimizu S-Pulse players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Shimizu S-Pulse is a Japanese professional football club in the Shimizu ward of Shizuoka.




Father's day

Father's Day is a celebration honoring fathers. It celebrates fatherhood, paternal bonds, and the influence of fathers in society. Many countries celebrate it on the third Sunday of June, but it is also celebrated widely on other days. Father's Day complements Mother's Day, a celebration honoring mothers.ln almost all country fathers day is celebrated.

List of Urawa Red Diamonds players

The List of Urawa Red Diamonds players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Urawa Red Diamonds is a Japanese professional football club in the Urawa ward of Saitama.




Mother's Day

Mother's Day is a holiday that is celebrated on the second Sunday of May every year. It started in the United States. The holiday was founded in 1908 by Anna Jarvis. Mother's Day was first made to celebrate a person's own mother. Now it is made to celebrate all mothers and motherhood in general. It is celebrated at different times in different countries. In the United States of America, it is the second Sunday in May. Children can make cards and a lot of other things for their mother.

The idea for Mother's Day started in the 1850s. Ann Reeves Jarvis had mother's day work clubs where women tried to fight disease and bad milk. They also helped make hurt soldiers better during the Civil War. After the war, Ann made Mother's Day Friendship picnics and Mother's Friendship Day for the women from both sides of the war.

In 1908 after her mother died, Anna Jarvis made the first Mother's Day celebration in Grafton, West Virginia. People also celebrated in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and many other cities. For six years, Anna made the celebration bigger until President Woodrow Wilson made it a national holiday in 1914.


Anjelica Huston

Anjelica Huston (born July 8, 1951) is an American stage, television, voice, movie actress, and movie director. 

Huston is mostly known for her role as Morticia Addams in the movie "The Addams Family" and its sequel "Addams Family Values," as well as her role as the Grand High Witch in "The Witches". 

She is the daughter of director John Huston and granddaughter of actor Walter Huston. She won a Golden Globe Award in 2004.

She was born in Santa Monica, California on July 8, 1951. She dated Jack Nicholson from 1973 until they separated in 1989. Huston was married to Robert Graham, Jr. from 1992 until his death in 2008. They had no children. Her career started in 1967. She now lives in Three Rivers, California.


Yundi Li

Yundi Li (Chinese: 李云迪; pinyin: Lǐ Yúndí), born October 7, 1982 in Chongqing, Sichuan, China, is a Chinese pianist who is very famous for being the youngest pianist to win the International Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition, in 2000, at 18 years old. He now lives in Hong Kong.

Li's parents both worked at the Sichuan Chongqing Steel and Iron Company. When he was three years old, his parents bought him an accordion. He studied the instrument with Tan Jianmin, a music professor in China, and mastered it when he was four. Only one year later, he won the top prize at the Chongqing Children's Accordion Competition. At seven years old Li began to learn the piano. He continued to study with Dan Zhaoyi for another nine years. In 1994, he learned at the Shenzhen Arts School at Shenzhen, China, and later learned at the Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover in Hanover, Germany.

Li won the Children's Piano Competition in Beijing in 1994. In 1995, he was awarded first place at the Stravinsky International Youth Competition. In 1998, he won the Missouri Southern International Piano Competition's junior division, and got Third Prize at the International Franz Liszt Piano Competition of Utrecht the next year. He also won the China International Piano Competition. He also got first place at the Gina Bachauer Young Artists International Piano Competition. Li participated in the 14th International Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw and won the first prize and the "polonaise award".

Chopin

Chopin Recital

Franz Liszt
Awards: Echo Award 2003

Chopin: Scherzo & Impromptus

Vienna Recital

Chopin & Liszt Piano Concerto No.1

Prokofiev/Ravel: Piano Concertos

Yundi – The Young Romantic

Port Moody

Port Moody is a small city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is in Metro Vancouver, on the end of Burrard Inlet. In 2011, 32,975 people lived in Port Moody. The mayor of Port Moody is Mike Clay. It is identified as the "City of the Arts" because it was the destination for artists due to its low rent, beautiful scenery and ambient lighting. The city is named after Richard Moody, a former governor of the Falkland Islands and the first Lieutenant-Governor of the Colony of British Columbia.


Anders Behring Breivik

Anders Behring Breivik (born 13 February 1979) is a Norwegian terrorist and perpetrator of the 2011 Norway attacks. The attacks were on 22 July 2011, when Breivik bombed the government buildings in Oslo, which caused eight deaths, and then he went on to carry out a mass shooting at a camp of the Workers' Youth League of the Labour Party, which ended in 69 deaths, most of whom were teenagers. He was charged with violating paragraph 147a of the Norwegian Criminal Code, which is "destabilising or destroying basic functions of society" and "creating serious fear in the population", acts of terrorism under the criminal law and ordered held for eight weeks; the first four in solitary confinement which was pending further court proceedings. 

Breivik has sued Norway; he won part of his lawsuit in the district court in 2016, but lost in the higher courts in 2017; he has formally asked European Court of Human Rights, if that court can try his case against Norway.

Breivik was born and raised in Oslo. 

Breivik failed to develop a stable and safe identity when he was at schools, and the places where he worked, and on internet forums about politics, and in the world of gaming, and as a result he turned the defeats, shame, and hate, towards society,
said Svein Østerud professor emeritus.

In Norway, as of 2017, Breivik has become [, to a degree,] "the person whose name shall not be mentioned", claimed an article in Dagsavisen; furthermore, if Norway [wishes] to fight against what he stood for, then one must study "step by step" why [the attacks] happened, in the same way we study how, kind doctors in another country, became able to kill mentally disabled, Jews, and persons who had Schizophrenia.

Breivik converted [or changed his religion, faith or belief,] to Nazism, while in prison, his lawyer Øystein Storrvik said in 2016.

The religious faith of Breivik, is Odinism. Previously, Breivik and others had linked his religious beliefs to Christianity: in 2011 he said that he was a Protestant, however in 2016 he said that he was not a Christian, and that never had he been a Christian.

Hours before the 2011 Norway attacks, Breivik e-mailed a copy of a compilation of text by various authors, and some text by Breivik.

In 2017, blogger and author "Fjordman" (real name: Peder Are Nøstvold Jensen) gave his opinion about texts written by Breivik (in the compilation and in letters from prison): Breivik appears to have psychiatric problems.

He has been diagnosed with personality disorders: antisocial and narcissistic, media said in 2012.

In 2012, his health was found to be good enough to be a defendant in a criminal trial, for the 2011 Norway attacks.

2011–12 Canadian network television schedule

The following is the 2011–12 Canadian network television schedule.

Once Upon a Time (TV series)

Once Upon a Time (OUAT) is an American fairy tale drama television series. It was first broadcast on October 23, 2011 on ABC. It features a woman, named Emma Swan, coming to a small town in Maine that is the home of cursed Fairytale characters who no longer remember who they are.

Joe Dirt

Joe Dirt is an 2001 comedy movie that was produced by Robert Simonds and was directed by Dennie Gordon. Joe Dirt was released on April 11, 2001 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 11% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 20 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Xenoturbella

Xenoturbella is a genus of bilaterian animals; it contains two marine worm-like species. The first known species was discovered in 1915 but was only described in 1949. A 2003 DNA study has shown it is a primitive deuterostome phylum. The genus was the first member of its subphylum (the Xenoturbellida) to be discovered. 

This phylum is basal within the deuterostomes. It is related to the Acoelomorpha, forming a sister clade to the echinoderms and hemichordates. Other members of this phylum are now known.

"Xenoturbella" has a very simple body plan: it has no brain, no through gut, no excretory system, no organized gonads (but does have gametes), or any other organs except for a statocyst containing flagellated cells. It has cilia and a diffuse nervous system. The animal is up to long, and has been found off the coasts of Sweden, Scotland and Iceland.

The association of specimens of "Xenoturbella" with mollusc larva has led many to suggest that they are molluscivores. However, another idea is that the "Xenoturbella" larval stage develops as an internal parasite of certain molluscs.

The genus "Xenoturbella" contains two species:


Christian VII of Denmark

Christian VII of Denmark (29 January 1749 – 13 March 1808) was the King of Denmark and Norway from 1766 to 1808, and the duke of Schleswig and Holstein. He was the son of King Frederick V of Denmark and Louise of Great Britain.

He lost his mother at the age of three. His stepmother, Juliana Maria of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, did not take an interest in him, and preferred her own son, Frederik. Christian suffered from epileptic seizures. His educator, Count Detlev of Reventlow, educated him very severely, locking him up in dark chambers for hours at times. Starting at an early age, Christian showed signs of mental illness. At age 17, he was married to his cousin, Caroline Matilda of Great Britain. Caroline Matilde bore a son, the future King Frederick VI of Denmark. 

When he became king, his cabinet ruled, much like in his father's time. The cabinet was led by Count Johann Hartwig Ernst von Bernstorff. When he toured Europe, he met Johann Friedrich Struensee, a medical doctor, who was influenced by the ideas of Enlightenment. Struensee soon gained influence at the court. Struensee initiated a number of liberal reforms. He also became the lover of queen Louise, who Christan neglected. In the year 1771, Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark was born. People think that Struensee was probably her father. Struensee was executed on 28 April 1772 outside the gates of Copenhagen. The queen was banned from the court. One of the last decrees of Struensee was to create the town of Christiansfeld, where people from the Moravian Church found shelter.

After the execution, Ove Høegh-Guldberg led the kingdom, supported by Queen Juliane and her son. Many of Struensee's reforms were undone. Andreas Peter Bernstorff stepped down in 1780. In the year 1784, Christian's son Frederick took power, reigning in the place of his father. Frederick was influenced by Enligtenment, and made a number of reforms; for example, the abolition of serfdom. Ernst Heinrich von Schimmelmann was made minister of finances. Together with Christian Ditlev Reventlow they boosted trade. Von Bernstorff returned to power in 1784, and was a strong supporter of the neutrality of Denmark. There was an economic boom.

Christian VII died on march 13 1808 as a result of a stroke.

Torrey Smith

James Torrey Smith (born January 26, 1989) is an American former professional football wide receiver. He played 8 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, San Francisco 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, and Carolina Panthers. He was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the 2011 NFL Draft. Smith attended Stafford Senior High School in Stafford, Virginia, where he played basketball and football. He accepted a scholarship to the University of Maryland. He won two Super Bowls; XLVII with Ravens in 2013 and LII with the Eagles in 2018.

Smith played college football for the Maryland Terrapins from 2007 through 2010. Smith redshirted as a freshman in 2007, but had gained a larger role by his sophomore year.

These numbers tell about Smith's play with the Terrapins:

The Baltimore Ravens selected Smith in the 2nd Round (58th overall) of the 2011 NFL Draft. Smith started out slow in the preseason and struggled with drops. However, in Week 3 against the St. Louis Rams, Smith had five catches for 152 yards and three touchdowns. His first catch in the NFL was a 74-yard score from quarterback Joe Flacco. Smith continued his good play, even catching a game-winning touchdown against the Pittsburgh Steelers at Heinz Field on November 6, 2011. Smith finished his first season with 50 catches for 841 yards and seven touchdowns.

On September 3, 2019, Smith announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.



List of Vegalta Sendai players

The List of Vegalta Sendai players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Vegalta Sendai is a Japanese professional football club in Sendai.




Klamath Falls, Oregon

Klamath Falls ( ) (Klamath: ) is a city in Klamath County, Oregon, United States. It was first called "Linkville" when George Nurse founded the town in 1867. This name came from the Link River, because the city sat on its falls. No falls exist there currently. The name was changed to Klamath Falls in 1892. As of the 2020 census, 21,813 people lived there.

The Klamath and Modoc Indians were the first people to live in the area. The Klamath name for this place was "Yulalona" or "Iwauna". Their name for the falls was "Tiwishkeni," or "where the falling waters rush".

The Klamath Reclamation Project began in 1906. The aim of this project was to drain marshland and move water to allow agriculture. When the main "A" Canal was built, water was first available on May 22, 1907. Veterans of World War I and World War II were allowed to live there.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . of this is land and (4.0%) is water. The elevation is .

Klamath Falls has a high desert landscape. The older part of the city is above natural geothermal springs. These have been used to heat houses and streets, mostly in the downtown area.

Klamath Falls has one sister city:




List of Vissel Kobe players

The List of Vissel Kobe players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Vissel Kobe is a Japanese professional football club in Kobe.




List of Fagiano Okayama players

The List of Fagiano Okayama players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Fagiano Okayama is a Japanese professional football club in Okayama.




Okayama, Okayama

It is a core city in Japan.



Okayama

Okayama often means Okayama, Okayama, the capital city of Okayama Prefecture in Japan.

It may also mean:





Cycliophora

The Cycliophora are a platyzoan phylum, based on a single genus Symbion. They are so different from other animals that they were put in their own phylum. They were discovered in 1995, and are the most recent new phylum. So far, three species have been found.

They live on the bodies of cold-water lobsters. They are microscopic: the feeding stage is about 0.3 mm long, and 0.1 mm wide.

Their life style is commensal, (a form of symbiosis) – they feed on the leftovers from the lobster's own meals.

They have three different body forms, and a two-stage life-cycle.

"Symbion" can reproduce both asexually by budding and sexually. In sexual reproduction the male attaches to a feeding stage and impregnates a budding female. The female then separates from the feeding stage and attaches herself to another host, where the larva in her develops. The female dies, and the larva escapes.

The sexual reproductive cycle is triggered when the host crustacean moults its 'shell' (exoskeleton) in order to grow.

List of FC Gifu players

The List of F.C. Gifu players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

F.C. Gifu is a Japanese professional football club in Gifu Prefecture.




Marksistskaya

Marksistskaya is a station of Moscow metro, Kalininskaya Line. It is situated between Tretyakonskaya and Ploshad Il'icha stations. It Was opened on 30 December 1979. It is connected with two other stations - Taganskaya-koltsevaya and Taganskaya-Radialnaya. The station is about under the ground. It has only one exit - to Marksistskaya Street (or Taganskaya, if you cross Marksistskaya street).

Meiju Suvas

Meiju Suvas (born: January 22, 1959 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish singer. Her debut album sold 60,000 copies in Finland. It was certified Platinum in that country. She also recorded "Kielletty Rakkaus", which was a tribute song to American singer Selena who originally recorded the song as "Amor Prohibido" (Forbidden Love).

List of FC Machida Zelvia players

The List of F.C. Machida Zelvia players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

F.C. Machida Zelvia is a Japanese professional football club in Machida in the Tokyo region.




Pachuca

Pachuca (officially "Pachuca de Soto") is the capital city of the state of Hidalgo, in Mexico. It is also the capital of the municipality named Pachuca.

Pachuca's nickname is "The Windy Beauty" or "Bride of the Wind", because in the city there are seasons where the winds are very strong. Even local legend is depicted on a monument (the monument of the victory of the wind).

The city has a soccer club "Pachuca". It has a traditional dish called "paste" which consists of a small pie filled with a mixture of chopped potatoes, ground beef and spicy. It has a clock tower dedicated to the Mexican War of Independence.

Jules Perrot

Jules-Joseph Perrot (18 August 1810 – 29 August 1892) was a French dancer and choreographer. Perrot was born in Lyon, France, and studied with Auguste Vestris. He debuted at the Paris Opéra in 1830, and became "premier sujet" (principal dancer) within a year. He became Carlotta Grisi's lover in 1836, and choreographed most of her role in "Giselle" in 1841. He passed six years creating ballets for Her Majesty's Theatre in London. He was appointed ballet master for the Imperial Ballet in St. Petersburg, and remained there until 1858. He returned to Paris, and retired in 1864, although he taught classes at the Opéra for many years. Perrot died on 29 August 1892. He created some of the most famous ballets of the 19th century including "Pas de Quatre", "La Esmeralda", "Ondine", and "Giselle".



Kashiba, Nara

The city was founded on October 1, 1991.


From Japanese census data,


Miyaki, Saga

Miyaki is in the eastern part of Saga Prefecture. It is about east of Saga City and south of Fukuoka.


Matsusaka

, sometimes called Matsuzaka, is a city in central Mie Prefecture. It is on the island of Honshū, Japan. The city is famous for its Matsusaka beef.

Primera División de Costa Rica

Primera División de Costa Rica is a league for association football clubs in Costa Rica. It is the country's top football competition. The division has 12 clubs. The seasons are separated by two single tournaments each year, the Apertura, from July to December, and the Clausura, from January to May. So there are two champions each season with teams playing anywhere from 32 to 44 games each totalling 412 games in the season.

The league was created on 13 June 1921 following an invitation from Guatemala to Costa Rica to participate in its Centenary Games.


Nagakute

The Toyota Automobile Museum is in Nagakute.


Nagakute is to the east of Nagoya. 



L.D. Alajuelense

Liga Deportiva Alajuelense (L.D.A.), is a Costa Rican football club that plays in the Primera División de Costa Rica. It was created on 18 June 1919. The team is located in Alajuela and they play their local games at the Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto.

They are the only club in Costa Rica football history with at least one Championship won in each decade. It also shares along with CS Herediano being the only team that has never descended nor played in the Second or Third division.





Costa Rican Short-Tournament Championships:


Tournament Cups


Song Ik-pil

Song Ik-pil (, February 10 1534 - August 8 1599), also known as Unjang, was a Korean scholar, writer, politician, and Neo-Confucian philosopher of the Joseon period.

His nickname was Gubong (구봉, 龜峰) and Hyeonseung (현승, 玄繩).



Ben Kingsley

Sir Ben Kingsley (born Krishna Pandit Bhanji; 31 December 1943) is a British actor. He was born in Snainton, North Yorkshire, England. His father was an Indian who was born in Kenya. He is best known for his role as Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi in "Gandhi", for which he won an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award. The first movie he acted in was "Fear Is the Key" in 1972.

Samantha Fox

Samantha Karen Fox (born 15 April 1966) is a British singer, actress and former glamour model. She was born in London. She has sold over thirty million records all over the world and has performed in many movies and television programs. She was very popular in the 1980s and early 1990s. She came out in 2003 and stated that she is in a lesbian relationship. In 2009 she stated her intention to enter into a civil partnership with her manager, Myra Stratton. Fox was a contestant in the 2009 series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

Night of the Hurricane

Night of the Hurricane is a three-part crossover event in the "Animation Domination" block on Fox. It included three animated series created by Seth MacFarlane - "Family Guy", "American Dad!", and "The Cleveland Show".

The episodes were originally going to be broadcast on May 1, 2011. However, after the 2011 Super Outbreak, a series of tornadoes that killed many people in the Southern United States, Fox decided not to broadcast it on that day. They broadcast rerun episodes of the three shows instead. The three new episodes were broadcast in the next season.

Higashihiroshima

During the reign of Emperor Shōmu, a system of provincial Buddhist temples or were established, including one at Saijō in what is today Higashihiroshima.

In 1973, Hiroshima University established a campus at Higashihiroshima.

In 1974, Higashihiroshima was created from the merger of four neighboring towns—Saijō, , Hachihonmatsu, Shiwa, and Takaya. In 2005, more towns were merged into the city—Kurose, Kōchi, Toyosaka, Fukutomi and Akitsu.


Bridge router

A Bridge router or Brouter is a type of telecommunication processor used in networking. It is a combination of both bridge and router.

White Rock, British Columbia

White Rock is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is in Metro Vancouver regional district. In 2011, 19,339 people lived in White Rock.


Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi

'Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi (‎; 7 December 903 – 25 May 986), known as al-Sufi, was a Persian astronomer. The lunar crater Azophi and the minor planet 12621 Alsufi are named after him. Al-Sufi wrote his "Book of Fixed Stars" in 964, in text and pictures.

Al-Sufi was one of the nine noted Muslim astronomers. His name implies that he was a Sufi Muslim. He lived at the court of Emir Adud ad-Daula in Isfahan, Persia. He translated and expanded Greek astronomical works, especially the "Almagest" of Ptolemy. He made several corrections to Ptolemy's star-list and did his own brightness and magnitude estimates which often differed from those in Ptolemy's work.

He was a major translator into Arabic of the Hellenistic astronomy done mainly in Alexandria. This was the first attempt to connect the Greek with the traditional Arabic star names and constellations, which had been unrelated and overlapped in complicated ways.

He identified the Large Magellanic Cloud, which is visible from Yemen, though not from Isfahan. It was not seen by Europeans until Magellan's voyage in the 16th century. He also made the earliest recorded observation of the Andromeda Galaxy in 964 AD; describing it as a "small cloud". These were the first galaxies other than the Milky Way to be observed from Earth.

He observed that the ecliptic plane is inclined with respect to the celestial equator and more accurately calculated the length of the tropical year. He observed and described the stars, their positions, their magnitudes and their colour, setting out his results constellation by constellation. For each constellation, he provided two drawings, one from the outside of a celestial globe, and the other from the inside (as seen from the earth).

Al-Sufi also wrote about the astrolabe, finding numerous additional uses for it: he described over 1000 different uses, in areas as diverse as astronomy, astrology, horoscopes, navigation, surveying, timekeeping, Qibla, Salah prayer, etc.

Rajat Gupta

Rajat Kumar Gupta (, born 2 December 1948) is an Indian-American businessman. He was the managing director (chief executive) of McKinsey & Company from 1994 to 2003 and a business leader in India and the United States. He was arrested in late 2011 by the FBI on insider trading charges stemming from the Raj Rajaratnam Galleon Group case. In 2012, he was sentenced to 2 years in prison.

Mario Monti

Mario Monti (19 March 1943) is an Italian politician who was the Prime Minister from 2011 to 2013. He also was Finance Minister of Italy.

Saint-Lambert-sur-Dive

Saint-Lambert-sur-Dives is a commune in the Orne department in north-west France. In 2007, there were 148 people living there. It is in size. The highest point in the commune is 148 metres. The river "La Dives" through the commune. The church was built in 12th century, its bell tower was registered as in historic monument in 1948. This is a romanesque bell tower. The church is closed since 1999. You can see the Castle of Mimbeville of the 17th century.

Aunou-le-Faucon

Aunou-le-Faucon is a Commune of the Orne department in north-western France. There are 273 people living there.
There is a church called Eglise St-Cyr-et-Ste-Julitte. The steeple dates from the 17th century.
There is a fortified house dated from the 15th century, this is the "Tour aux Anglais".
There are many horse farms around. 

Oberlin University

The name of the university honors Jean Frederick Oberlin. The name highlights the university's historical ties with Oberlin College in the United States.

The university had a junior college, , between 1950 and 2007. It originally had one academic department, which taught the English language and literature. A second department, Life sciences, was set up in 1955. The college began accepting male students in 1999. The Life sciences department stopped taking students in 1999. The junior college was closed in 2007.



Frederick Roberts, 1st Earl Roberts

Field Marshal Frederick Sleigh Roberts, 1st Earl Roberts Bt VC KG KP GCB OM GCSI GCIE KStJ PC (30 September 1832 – 14 November 1914) was one of the most distinguished commanders of the British Empire.

Roberts was Indian born, in Cawnpore (now Kanpur) Uttar Pradesh. The son of a general from County Waterford in Ireland, he regarded himself as Anglo-Irish. 

He served in the Indian rebellion, the Expedition to Abyssinia and the Second Anglo-Afghan War before leading British Forces to success in the Second Boer War. He also became the last Commander-in-Chief of the Forces before the post was abolished in 1904.

Roberts was awarded the Victoria Cross for actions on 2 January 1858 at Khudaganj. The citation reads:

In an important speech in Manchester on 22 October 1912 Roberts warned of the threat posed by Germany:

In the year 1912, just as in 1866 and just as in 1870, war will take place the instant the German forces by land and sea are, by their superiority at every point, as certain of victory as anything in human calculation can be made certain...We may stand still. Germany always advances and the direction of her advance, the line along which she is moving, is now most manifest. It is towards...complete supremacy by land and sea.

He claimed that Germany was making enormous efforts to prepare for war and ended his speech by saying:

Gentlemen, I say, “Arm and prepare to acquit yourselves like men, for the day of your ordeal is at hand”.

This speech was much criticised in the liberal and radical press, such as the "Manchester Guardian". Much later, a historian said: "At this distance of time the verdict upon Lord Robert's Manchester speech must be that, in speaking out clearly on the probability of war, he was doing a patriotic service comparable to Churchill's during the Thirties".

Roberts died on November 14, 1914. He died of pneumonia. He got sick when he was visiting British troops. Few non-royal people in four centuries have been given a State Funeral in the United Kingdom. Roberts was one of them.

Robert's son, Frederick Hugh Sherston Roberts, died in 1899 in the second Boar War, and received the VC. They were one of only three father and son pairs to receive the Victoria Cross. 

CF Montréal

Club de Foot Montréal, commonly known as CF Montréal, is a Canadian soccer team based in Montreal, Quebec. It has played in the Eastern Conference of Major League Soccer (MLS) since 2012. The club was created in 2010 as an expansion team named the Montreal Impact. It was the third Canadian team to join the MLS. The old Montreal Impact of the North American Soccer League (NASL) was replaced by this team. The team's motto is "Tous Pour Gagner"<nowiki>"</nowiki>. That is <nowiki>French</nowiki> for "<nowiki>All for victory</nowiki>.

The club plays its home games at the Saputo Stadium and is coached by Mauro Biello.

On March 10, 2012, the Impact played their first MLS game, which ended in a 2-0 loss against Vancouver Whitecaps. The Impact won the Canadian Championship in both 2013 and 2014.
Montreal Impact's biggest rival is Toronto F.C. because of Canada's two largest cities (Toronto and Montreal) having shared multiple rivalries. Montreal and Toronto professional soccer teams have competed against each other for over 40 years. 

From the original North American Soccer League, as well as the Canadian Soccer League and the A-League, the rivalry has continued through many different leagues they have played up until the past few years where both cities would still occasionally meet for the Canadian Championships. Since both teams have joined MLS, the rivalry is even more intense and the matches have become a Canadian soccer classic called the 401 Derby.

Jean Frederick Oberlin

Jean Frederick Oberlin (August 31, 1740 – June 1, 1826) was an Alsatian educator who established schools in poor communities in France.

In the early 19th century, he was honored in the name of Oberlin College, which is an American liberal arts school in Ohio. 

In the mid-20th century, Oberlin University in Machida, Tokyo was named after him.


List of Gainare Tottori players

The List of Gainare Tottori players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Gainare Tottori is a Japanese professional football club in Tottori Prefecture.




Tottori (city)

It has been recognized as a special city since 2005.

Tottori Castle was established by Yamana Nobumichi in 1545. The castle town grew at the base of the mountain where the castle was built.

Tottori was incorporated as a city on October 1, 1889.

The city was damaged by a great earthquake in 1942 and by a great fire in 1952.



Kannō

, also sometimes romanized as Kan'ō, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Jōwa" and before "Bunna". This period started in February 1350 and ended in September 1352. The emperor in Kyoto was . Sukō's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .







Bunna

, also romanized as Bunwa, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kannō" and before "Enbun." This period started in September 1352 and ended in March 1356. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time-frame was .





Hurricane Floyd (1987)

Hurricane Floyd was the only hurricane to make landfall in the United States during the 1987 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the last of seven tropical storms and three hurricanes. Floyd developed on 9 October just off the east coast of Nicaragua. It then became a tropical storm. After this, it moved northward and crossed western Cuba. Because a cold front was approaching, Floyd suddenly turned to the northeast. Late on 12 October it became a hurricane near the Florida Keys. It moved through the south of Florida. It produced two tornadoes and caused some damage. The hurricane also produced rip tides. This killed one person in southern Texas. Floyd was a hurricane for only twelve hours. After this, because of the cold front, it became weak. It passed through the Bahamas before becoming extratropical. It dissipated on 14 October.

Hurricane Floyd originated from a low pressure area in the Gulf of Honduras on October 5. It drifted eastward in the next few days. Then, it moved southward. It moved to a place off the east coast of Nicaragua. On October 9, a Hurricane Hunters flight confirmed that an organized circulation was formed. This showed that the year's thirteenth tropical depression had developed. It drifted more to the south. Then the depression turned to the north and later northwest. This was because a ridge was formed to its east. With an anticyclone over it, the depression gradually organized. It then became stronger and was named Tropical Storm Floyd on October 10.

After it became a tropical storm, Floyd accelerated to the north in the western Caribbean Sea. This was because a cold front was approaching. It steadily became more intense. The storm moved over extreme western Cuba early on October 12. Initially it was forecast to make landfall in the United States between Naples and Fort Myers, Florida. Suddenly, the storm moved sharply northeastward. It went into the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. The Hurricane Hunters gave reports which said Floyd got the status of a hurricane on October 12 for a short time. Around the same time, the nearby cold front created a low pressure area. This cut off the hurricane's inflow. While moving through the Florida Keys, Floyd became the only hurricane to affect the United States that year. However, its convection was decreasing very fast over the center due to the front. Soon after this, Floyd weakened to tropical storm status. The circulation became nearly impossible to track on satellite imagery. But surface observations showed it passed just south of Miami. The storm turned extratropical. It went to a process called extratropical transition, meaning it was changed from tropical storm to an extratropical one. This happened as it weakened over the Bahamas. Floyd was no longer a tropical cyclone by late on October 18. The circulation dissipated within the cold front early the next day.

Around when Floyd first became a tropical storm, a tropical storm warning was issued for the Swan Islands and Grand Cayman. Soon after this, a tropical storm warning and hurricane watch was issued for the northeast Yucatán Peninsula. The storm caused heavy rainfall along the coast after this warning was issued. A tropical storm warning and hurricane watch were also issued for Cuba west of Havana. To prepare themselves for the storm, Cuban officials in Pinar del Río Province evacuated 100,000 people, as well as 40,000 head of cattle. International flights were also canceled for a day when Floyd was passing. Floyd passed over Western Cuba as a tropical storm. But it left no serious damage or killed anyone in the country.

When Floyd was a tropical storm located over Cuba, the National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning for the Florida Keys. The southwest Florida coast to Venice also got a warning. It was the first warning in the state related to the storm. It was issued as the National Hurricane Center anticipated Floyd to become more intense into a hurricane. It was also issued because there was not much time left for this. A tropical storm watch, and then a warning, was issued for eastern Florida too. But the track became more easterly after this. So, a hurricane warning was issued for southeastern Florida. It was also issued for the northwestern Bahamas. Officials in southern Florida closed schools due to the storm. A few flights were canceled at Miami International Airport. About 100 F-4 and F16 fighter jets were transported out of Homestead Air Force Base to safer places. The American Red Cross opened 55 shelters in 10 Florida counties. They had 2,000 people at some point. This was mainly in Lee County. People in the hurricane's path prepared by buying supplies from supermarkets, keeping the gas in their vehicles full and keeping loose outside items safe.

Floyd was the first named storm to strike southern Florida in two years. The last one was Hurricane Bob in 1985. While passing south of Florida, Floyd produced its strongest winds over water away and from land. The strongest wind in the Florida Keys was 59 mph (94 km/h) at Duck Key. But wind gusts were stronger. The Air Force station on Cudjoe Key reported an unofficial gust of 92 mph (152 km/h). Rainfall directly from Floyd's rainbands was very low, about . But, the interaction between the hurricane and the approaching cold front caused much heavier rainfall. It reached as far north as Daytona. The highest rainfall was in Fort Pierce. Floyd created a waterspout that moved ashore in Rock Harbor. It damaged a few boats and homes. The hurricane produced rip tides. They went far west as the Texas coast. It killed one person along South Padre Island.

Across southern Florida, the hurricane left minor damage of around $500,000 (1987 USD). This was largely due to falling of trees and damaging of power lines. There was also minor crop damage in Dade County. The rainfall flooded roads in southern Florida. This caused several vehicles to fail on the Florida Turnpike. After affecting Florida, Floyd caused minor wind damage in the Bahamas. In the country, the highest reported gust was . This was at Freeport, Grand Bahama. Freeport International Airport reported sustained winds of from the remnants of Floyd.

Cleveland Brown

Cleveland Brown is a main character for the spin-off television program for "Family Guy" called "The Cleveland Show". 

He was married to Lorretta Brown until they divorced after she cheated on him with his friend Glenn Quagmire. Cleveland later remarried with Donna Tubbs. He had one son with Lorretta and two step-children with Donna. Cleveland is a mailman. 

Cleveland was voiced by Mike Henry from 1999 to 2021, when Henry stepped down from the role. He was replaced by Arif Zahir since 2021.

From 2009 to 2013, Cleveland had his own series, called The Cleveland Show. In the first episode, he and his son, Cleveland Brown Jr., move back to his birth state of Virginia. There, he meets an old friend named Donna Tubbs. Cleveland and Cleveland Jr move into Donna's house until they can buy a house of their own. 

Cleveland and the audience are first introduced to Donna's children; Roberta and Rallo Tubbs. By the end of the episode, Cleveland and Donna are married. The series follows Cleveland doing activities and speaking with his friends. These include a Russian bear. 

The plot of The Cleveland Show was very similar to Family Guy.

Caramel

) is a beige to dark-brown sweet food. It is made by heating sugars. It is used to add flavour to puddings and desserts. It can also be as a filling, like is done in bonbons, and as a topping for ice cream, custard and coffee.

Simple sugar (Sucrose) starts to melt at about , without changing its color. The process called caramelisation starts when sugar is heated to at least , and more often to around . As the sugar heats, the molecules break down and turn into compounds with the colour and flavour of caramel.

Many candies and desserts are made with caramel. Some of these are caramel apples, pralines, nougats, brittles, "crème caramel", and "crème brûlée".

Caramel candy is a soft, dense, chewy candy. It is made by boiling a mixture of milk or cream, sugar(s), butter, and vanilla flavouring. The sugar(s) are heated separately to reach . This turns them to caramel before the other ingredients are added. Another way of doing this is to cook all ingredients together. This way, the milk turns to caramel but the sugars do not. This type of candy is often called "milk caramel" or "cream caramel".

Caramel coloring is a dark bitter-tasting liquid. It is what is made after near-total caramelisation. It is then bottled to be used for other things. It is used as food coloring and in beverages like cola.

Caramel sauce is made from heating water and caster sugar at a low to medium temperature. This is done until the sugar dissolves and "caramelises". This changes its colour to golden brown.




East Side Mario's

East Side Mario's is a Canadian casual dining restaurant by Prime Restaurants. It has restaurants in Canada and the United States. The restaurant is known for Italian-American cuisine.

It has over 100 locations in Canada as well as some in the United States.

It is a sponsor of the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation.

Cartoon Network

Cartoon Network (often abbreviated as CN and stylised as CARTOON NETWORK) is an American television channel. It broadcasts television programs that are suitable for older children and teenagers. Most of the shows are animated cartoon series, but some live-action shows are also broadcast. However, at night Cartoon Network switches to CNN Primetime which broadcasts programs for news instead.

Cartoon Network first launched in April 1, 1992 through cable and satellite television in the United States by National Broadcasting Company (or NBC for short). In the early years, many of the shows featured on the channel were classic cartoons and Hanna-Barbera shows. NBC later launched Cartoon Network Studios to make flagship original shows specifically for Cartoon Network.

After successfully launching the channel in the United States, NBC decided to launch the channel in other countries. The Cartoon Network channels in other countries distributes Cartoon Network's original shows in different languages.

Cartoon Network is a cable channel for the franchises like many others.

On August 9, 1986, NBCUniversal acquired Comcast. On October 18, Universal forcibly sold back NBC. However, Universal kept much of the film and television library made before May 1986 (including some of the NBC library) and formed Universal Studios On October 8, 1988, its cable channel Turner Network Television was launched and gained an audience with its extensive film library. In 1991, Turner also purchased the library of animation studio Hanna-Barbera. Ted Turner selected Betty Cohen (then-Senior Vice President of TNT) to devise a network to house these programs. On February 18, 1992, Turner Broadcasting announced its plans to launch Cartoon Network as an outlet for an animation library. On April 1, 1992, the network officially launched as the first 24-hour single-genre cable channel with animation as its main theme. The continuity announcers would call it "The Cartoon Network," until 1995, when it was simply dubbed Cartoon Network as it is today.

In 1994, Hanna-Barbera's new division Cartoon Network Studios was founded and started production on "What a Cartoon!" This show debuted in 1995, offering original animated shorts. In 1996, Cartoon Network aired two programs: "Big Bag", a live-action/puppet show produced by Children's Television Workshop (counting Sesame Street), and "Small World" an anthology TV series. NBCUniversal merged with Comcast, which consolidated/reverted ownership of all the cartoons. The network could then continue more original productions.

Cartoon Network Studios is the channel’s production company. it was founded in 1995.


Criminal Minds

Criminal Minds is an American police procedural television series. It was first broadcast on September 22, 2005, on CBS.

On March 14, 2012, CBS renewed Criminal Minds for an eighth season, which premiered on September 26, 2012.

The series ended on February 19, 2020.

Herero

Herero may refer to:


Lake Wobegon

Lake Wobegon is a fictional town in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is the setting of Garrison Keillor's "News from Lake Wobegon" which is part of his weekly radio variety show, "A Prairie Home Companion". Keillor tells stories of life in a small Minnesota town every week. The weekly segment is broadcast on National Public Radio and available as a podcast via iTunes.

In Keillor's weekly stories about Lake Wobegon, he describes the town:


La Fille mal gardée

La Fille Mal Gardée is a comedy ballet in three scenes. Its title means "The Unchaperoned Daughter". The music is by Ferdinand Hérold. The choreography is by Dauberval. It was first performed in Bordeaux, France in 1789. It was then presented at the Grand Theatre in Paris on July 1, 1789. It is the oldest ballet still performed by major ballet companies.

Treaty of Portsmouth

The Treaty of Portsmouth formally ended the 1904–1905 Russo-Japanese War. It was signed on 5 September 1905 after negotiations at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine in the United States. It was named after nearby Portsmouth, New Hampshire. US President Theodore Roosevelt got the Nobel Peace Prize for helping the negotiations.

August Bournonville

August Bournonville (21 August 1805 – 30 November 1879) was a Danish ballet master and choreographer. He studied in Paris as a young man. He became a solo dancer with the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen. He became the company's choreographer from 1830 to 1877. He created more than 50 ballets. Only a limited number survive. It was only after World War II that his ballets became known outside Denmark. 

His work is a link with earlier ballet traditions. He avoided the excesses of romantic ballet. He gave equal emphasis to both the male and female dancer. The extremes of human nature were tempered in his work and a more balanced picture of human nature emerged. His ballets include "Napoli" and "The Conservatory".

Napoli (ballet)

Napoli is a ballet in three acts. The story of the ballet and the dances are the work of August Bournonville. The music was written by E. Helsted, Gade, and Paulli. "Napoli" was first danced by the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen on 29 March 1842. "Napoli" has not changed over the years. It is danced in Copenhagen today exactly as it was danced in 1842. It is said to be Bournonville's greatest ballet.

The beautiful Neapolitan girl Teresina loves Gennaro, a very poor fisherman. Gennaro and Teresina sail out into the Gulf of Naples. A storm washes Teresina into the sea. Gennaro sets out to save her. Teresina has been taken to the blue grotto (a rocky cave) by sea spirits. The grotto is the home of the powerful spirit Golfo. He plans to keep Teresina in the grotto. He changes her into a spirit. Gennaro sails into the grotto. He prays to the Madonna and Teresina becomes herself again. Gennaro and Teresina go back to Naples. The people believe Teresina was saved through witchcraft. A priest says it was a miracle. The people are happy. Teresina and Gennaro marry.


Boxer

Boxer or boxers might mean:


Royal Danish Ballet

The Royal Danish Ballet is one of the oldest ballet companies in the world. It is based in Copenhagen, Denmark. Its origin dates to 1748, when the Royal Danish Theatre was founded. The company was finally organized in 1771 in response to the great popularity of French and Italian styles of dance. The Royal Danish Theatre has served as the company's home since its founding. 

Marie Taglioni

Marie Taglioni (18041884) was a ballerina. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 23 April 1804. Her father was the choreographer Filippo Taglioni. He created the seminal romantic ballet "La Sylphide" to showcase her talents.

She was the first ballerina to dance "en pointe" for the sake of artistry rather than spectacle. She created a scandal when she shortened her ballet skirts to display her footwork.

She danced mostly in London at Her Majesty's Theatre and in Paris at the Opéra. In 1827, she began a three-year stint with the Imperial Ballet in St Petersburg. She danced in "Pas de Quatre" with Carlotta Grisi, Lucille Grahn, and Fanny Cerrito in July 1845. She retired in 1847 and lived in Venice, Italy.

She was the guiding spirit behind the reorganization of the Paris Opéra Ballet. In later life, she taught social dances to children and society ladies. She also took a limited number of ballet pupils. Johann Strauss II composed the "Marie Taglioni Polka, Op. 173" in her honour. She died in Marseilles on 24 April 1884.

Curiosity

Curiosity is an emotion that shows a want or need to know new things. It is shown in behavior such as exploration, investigation, and learning. It is an innate behaviour of humans and many animal species. Curiosity is a major cause and force behind scientific research and other studies. 

Curiosity is common to humans at all ages starting from infancy, through adulthood. It is easy to see in many other animal species, such as apes, cats, rodents, fish, reptiles, and insects. Although it is an innate behaviour of many living beings, it is not thought of as an instinct because it is not a fixed action pattern.

A "morbid curiosity" is an addictive curiosity with death, violence, or something else that may hurt you physically or emotionally. 

Indoor Football League

The Indoor Football League (IFL) is a professional indoor American football league created in 2008 by joining together the Intense Football League and United Indoor Football. For the 2011 season the league had 22 teams in 14 different U.S. states. The 2012 season has 16 teams. The championship is called the United Bowl. They play games in the Spring.

The 2009 IFL United Bowl had the Intense Conference champs, the Billings Outlaws, against the upset-minded United Conference River City Rage. Scoring was common. The Outlaw defense had a pick in the 2nd quarter which led to another offensive touchdown and two score lead by halftime. The Rage fought back, recovering an onside kick at the beginning of the 3rd quarter and driving the ball the length of the field for a touchdown. That would be the closest the game would get for the Rage. The Outlaws would put up just enough points to keep a comfortable lead throughout the fourth quarter and after recovering an onside kick in the last minute of the game, the Outlaws kneeled the ball and took home the crown with a score of 71-62 in a loud, sold out Rimrock Auto Arena.

In the 2010 IFL United Bowl, the Billings Outlaws of the Intense Conference took the league championship by beating Sioux Falls Storm of the United Conference 43-34 in front of a sold out crowd in the Billings Sportsplex (a training facility, used by the Outlaws after their arena suffered storm damage).

The IFL got more attention when former National Football League star wide receiver Terrell Owens joined the Allen Wranglers of the IFL for the 2012 season.


Malay race

The Malay race is a race that was first proposed by the German scientist Johann Friedrich Blumenbach (1752–1840). Blumenbach described five races, and classified them by the colour of people's skin. The Malay race was classified as the brown race. Since Blumenbach, many anthropologists have rejected his theory of five races. Most agree that classifying races is more complicated than Blumenbach allowed for. The Malay race are considered the aborigines of the Malay Archipelago, determined by their archeological foundings dated as far as 1 AD within the Malay Archipelago.

The term "Malay race" was often used in the late 19th century and early 20th century to describe the Austronesian peoples.

List of programming blocks

This is a list of programming blocks. Programming blocks are groups of television programs that are played one after the other. These programs are similar. The hope is that viewers will keep watching television.





Chilean Communist Party (Proletarian Action)

The Chilean Communist Party (Proletarian Action) (Spanish: "Partido Comunista Chileno (Acción Proletaria) PC(AP)") is a non-registered hard-line communist political party in Chile. It was founded in November 8, 1979 and its first secretary is Eduardo Artés.

The party believes in classical Marxism–Leninism. The party is highly critical of the more known Communist Party of Chile and its moderate views.

The party has no parliamentary representation due to their non-registered status.


Subalpine zone

The subalpine zone is the zone of plants just below tree line around the world. Species that occur in the zone vary according to where they are on the Earth. For example, Snow Gum in Australia, or Subalpine Larch, Mountain Hemlock and Subalpine Fir in western North America. 

Trees in the subalpine zone often become crooked, stunted and twisted in form. At treeline, tree seedlings may germinate on the lee (sheltered) side of rocks and grow only as high as the rock shelters them from wind. Further growth is more horizontal than vertical, and additional rooting may occur where branches touch the soil. Snow cover may protect trees during the winter, but branches higher than wind-shelters or snow cover are usually destroyed. Well-established trees may be several hundred to a thousand years old.

Montane grassland and shrubs may be found in the subalpine zone. Tuolumne Meadows in the Sierra Nevada of California is an example of a subalpine meadow.

Bidsar

Bidsar (बीदसर) or Beedsar is a village in the Laxmangarh tehsil of the Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India.

Before independence, the village was inhabited by Garhwal Jats.It is considered that a person, name Bida established Bidsar. The village was dominated by Garhwal Jats.

The village is east of Laxmangarh and from Nawalgarh. The borders villages and towns including Birodi Bari, Bidasar, Mirzwash, Dundlod and Nawalgarh. On the road into the village there is a well that supplies water to the village next to an abandoned well. On the left side of the road is a common area for Holi celebrations. There are many houses and a few shops to the left of the same road in village common area. One Banyan tree is planted by late Shree Ramu Ram Garhwal. The village school is on the right of the road to Laxmangarh leads to the Government Secondary School.

About 80% (1500) of the population are engaged in farming. Village agriculture is dependent on the monsoon rains although today many farms use artesian wells for irrigation.

Bidsar is connected by a two lane asphalt road to Laxmangarh and Nawalgarh. Nawalgarh Railway station 8 km from Bidsar, is the nearest railway station, which is well connected from Jaipur, Delhi and other cities.

The villagers claim to be fully literate while all children now attend school. However, many women remain illiterate, although literacy rates are improving. Many students of the village have obtained admission to pioneering engineering institutes as well as into medical colleges.

Villagers follow the Hindu religion. Jats, Harijans, Brahmins live in the village. They celebrate all major Hindu festivals.



Meet Me in St. Louis

Meet Me in St. Louis is a 1944 MGM musical movie. It tells the story of a family living in St. Louis, Missouri at the time of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition World's Fair in 1904. It stars Judy Garland and Margaret O'Brien. Garland sang "The Trolley Song" and "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas". Both songs became big hits.

The movie was based on a series of short stories by Sally Benson. These stories were first published in "The New Yorker" magazine. Later, they were published in the novel "5135 Kensington".

The movie was directed by Vincente Minnelli. He met Garland on the set. Later, they married. The critics liked the movie. In 2005, Richard Schickel wrote, "It had wonderful songs [and] a sweetly unneurotic performance by Judy Garland ... Despite its nostalgic charm, Minnelli infused the piece with a dreamy, occasionally surreal, darkness and it remains, for some of us, the greatest of American movie musicals."
The movie was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Cinematography, Color, Best Music, Scoring of a Musical Picture, Best Music, Song ("The Trolley Song") and Best Writing, Screenplay. In 1994, the movie was chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

The American Film Institute ranked the movie 10th on AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals. Two songs from the movie made AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs ("The Trolley Song" at #26 and "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" at #76).


Love Finds Andy Hardy

Love Finds Andy Hardy is a 1938 romantic comedy movie. It tells the story of a teenage boy who becomes mixed up romantically with three girls all at the same time. It stars Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, and Lana Turner. The movie was directed by George B. Seitz. The movie was based on stories by Vivien R. Bretherton, and on characters created by Aurania Rouverol.

In 2000, "Love Finds Andy Hardy" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Topfreedom

Topfreedom is a movement in society. The people of the movement want to achieve that women can go topless, without being punished in all the situations, where men do not need to cover their chest. The movement also wants to achieve that women are allowed to breastfeed their children, in public, and that they are allowed to sunbathe topless. 

There are many organizations which advocate topfreedom. Topfree Equal Rights Association (TERA) is one such organization. Go Topless Day is a special day in August. In this day, women are told to go topless in public.

In the United States, each state has its own laws. The New York State Supreme Court said that women can go topless in public. Later, the police arrested a woman (in 2005) in New York City for walking along a street without wearing a shirt. She sued (started a court case against) the city for violating the New York State Supreme Court rule that women can go topless in public. The city finally paid her $29,000 because she was right and the police were wrong.

In three provinces in Canada (Ontario, Manitoba and British Columbia) women can be topless in public. However there are sometimes city laws saying women cannot be topless in city parks. Law professors say women probably can be topless in public in the other provinces, but nobody knows for sure. The question has not been decided by the Supreme (national) Court of Canada.

Sometimes women who swim "topless" in the United States use pasties to cover their nipples. It can be a protest against laws telling them to cover their breasts

Dorland's Medical Dictionary

Dorlands Illustrated Medical Dictionary is a medical dictionary edited by William Alexander Newman Dorland, and first printed in 1890. The word "Dorland's" is now the brand name for a family of more than 20 medical books available in various media (including printed books, CD-ROMs, and online content). The main books are "Dorland's Illustrated Medical Dictionary" (now in its 32nd edition) and "Dorland's Pocket Medical Dictionary" (now in its 28th edition). "Dorland's Medical Dictionary" was first published in 1890 as the "American Illustrated Medical Dictionary", including 770 pages. The pocket edition, called the "American Pocket Medical Dictionary", was first published in 1898, with just over 500 pages.

After Dorland died in 1956, the dictionaries were retitled to include his name, which was how they had generally come to be known. The illustrated dictionary has grown to 2208 pages for the 31st edition.


Throat culture

A throat culture is a medical test which looks for bacteria or fungus that cause infections in the throat. A sterile piece of cotton is rubbed across the back of the throat near the tonsils. This may cause a person to want to cough or vomit. The bacteria on the cotton are then grown in a laboratory where scientists can identify them using a microscope.

List of Giravanz Kitakyushu players

The List of Giravanz Kitakyushu players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Giravanz Kitakyushu is a Japanese professional football club in Kitakyūshū on the island of Kyushu.




Tomakomai

The city was founded on April 1, 1948.


Saigawa, Fukuoka

As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 7,268 and a density of 74.16 persons per km². The total area was 98.00 km².

On March 20, 2006 Saigawa was merged with the towns of Katsuyama and Toyotsu. Each became part of the new town of Miyako.


Play with Me Sesame

Play with Me Sesame is a half-hour children's television series created for the Noggin TV channel. It is based on the television series "Sesame Street", and it is about the Muppet characters Ernie, Bert, Grover, and Prairie Dawn. The show started on April 1, 2002 on Noggin in the United States.



Heguri, Nara

Two ancient tombs in this area are maintained by the Imperial Household Agency.


Casino

A casino is a gambling establishment. Casinos are places for gambling. 

Gambling has been a part of human history for a very long time. It seems that in every society, even in ancient times, people have enjoyed games that involve luck. Famous places and times in history, like Ancient Mesopotamia, the time of the Greeks and Romans, and the eras of Napoleon in France and Queen Elizabeth in England, are known to have had gambling.

The first known place in Europe that was like a modern casino was called the Ridotto. It opened in Venice, Italy, in 1638. The government started it to control gambling, especially during the festive carnival season. It was closed in 1774 because it was thought to be causing financial problems for the wealthy people of the city.

In the United States, early places for gambling were called saloons. These saloons were important in cities like New Orleans, St. Louis, Chicago, and San Francisco. In saloons, people could meet to talk, have a drink, and gamble. For a while, gambling was illegal in the US, but in 1931, Nevada made it legal again. This is where America's first legal casinos started. Later, in 1976, New Jersey also allowed gambling, making Atlantic City a major gambling destination.

There are lots of casinos in the US state of Nevada and especially in the area of Las Vegas called the "Strip". Other places famous for their casinos is Monte Carlo in Monaco and Macau in China.

In Mexico, gambling is regulated by the Gaming Regulations. These regulate all gambling games and are governed by the law. The National Lottery is ruled by its own regulations.

Gambling in Canada is regulated on the Federal level by the Criminal Code of Canada whose Section 201-207 gives the laws relating to betting and gambling.

In the most casinos gambling halls are divided into two types: a hall of traditional games and a games room. Games that have gained the most popularity in casinos around the world: roulette, blackjack, poker, baccarat, punto-banko, craps, slot machines etc.

In 1994 the internet brought forth the web's first online casino named the Gaming Club. It was developed by Microgaming software and is still operating with active players today. Microgaming became one of the internet casino industry's largest providers of online gambling software early on. Internet casinos are currently legal and regulated in the United Kingdom and some parts of the United States.

Casino (movie)

Casino is a 1995 American movie starring Robert De Niro, Sharon Stone, Frank Vincent and Joe Pesci. It was directed by Martin Scorsese. It is set in the 1970s and 1980s and is based around criminals and gambling. This movie was released in autumn 1995 in the United States, and like many movies set in the 1970s, has some anachronisms.

Cinderella (ballet)

Cinderella, Op. 87 is a ballet. The scenario by Nikolai Volkov was based on the 1697 fairy tale "Cendrillon" by Charles Perrault. The music was composed by Sergei Prokofiev between 1940 and 1944. The premiere of "Cinderella" was conducted by Yuri Fayer on November 21, 1945, at the Bolshoi Theatre. The choreography was composed by Rostislav Zakharov. Galina Ulanova danced the title role. Three orchestral suites were extracted from the ballet, and three collections of piano arrangements.

Cinderella lives with her wicked stepsisters. A beggar (who reveals herself to be a fairy) rewards Cinderella by giving her a coach and a new look. At the royal ball, Cinderella falls in love with the prince. She stays only until midnight when the spell wears off. She leaves her slipper behind. The prince uses it to find her again. 

Judy Garland as gay icon

American actress and songstress Judy Garland is a gay icon. She rose to iconic status in the 1950s. At that time, many gay individuals admired her talent as a performer, and her value as a camp figure. She was often parodied in drag revues. Garland's role as Dorothy Gale in "The Wizard of Oz" may be the foundation stone of her iconic status.

Judy Garland was born Francis Ethel Gumm in Grand Rapids, Minnesota in 1922. Her parents were vaudevillians who operated a movie theatre that featured vaudeville acts. Judy was a toddler when she joined her two older sisters in singing "Jingle Bells" from the stage of her parents' theatre. The sisters performed as The Gumm Sisters for the next few years. The Gumms moved to Lancaster, California in 1926 when Judy's father was rumored to be making sexual advances to young male theatre ushers.

The Gumm Sisters continued to perform successfully. They made their movie debut in 1929. In 1934 they changed their name to The Garland Sisters. Judy was signed by MGM in 1935 and made many movies including the Andy Hardy series with Mickey Rooney and "The Wizard of Oz". Judy was given amphetamines and barbiturates to keep up with the hectic pace of moviemaking. She became addicted to drugs.

Judy was insecure about her appearance. Her feelings were exacerbated by cruel studio executives. In April 1947 she had a nervous breakdown and was placed in a sanitarium. In July she tried to commit suicide. She was released from the studio in 1950, but found a new lease on life performing on the concert stage. Her personal life was troubled with drugs and alcohol. She was married five times, four marriages ending in divorce. She died in London in 1969 of an accidental drug overdose. Thousands attended her funeral in New York City.

Gay identification with Garland as a tragic figure was being discussed as early as 1967. "Time" magazine reviewed Garland's 1967 Palace Theatre engagement in New York City, and wrote that a "disproportionate part of her nightly claque seems to be homosexual." The review goes on to say that "[t]he boys in the tight trousers" (a phrase "Time" repeatedly used to describe gay men) would "roll their eyes, tear at their hair and practically levitate from their seats" during Garland's performances.

"Time" tried to explain Garland's appeal to the homosexual. Psychiatrists thought that "the attraction [to Garland] might be made considerably stronger by the fact that she has survived so many problems; homosexuals identify with that kind of hysteria". They speculated that "Judy was beaten up by life, embattled, and ultimately had to become more masculine. She has the power that homosexuals would like to have, and they attempt to attain it by idolizing her."

William Goldman wrote in "Esquire" magazine about the same Palace engagement. He too disparages the gay men in attendance. He dismisses them as "fags" who "flit by" chattering inanely. He also advances the tragic figure concept. He suggests that "if [homosexuals] have an enemy, it is age. And Garland is youth, perennially, over the rainbow." He wrote, "Homosexuals tend to identify with suffering. They are a persecuted group and they understand suffering. And so does Garland. She's been through the fire and lived – all the drinking and divorcing, all the pills and all the men, all the poundage come and gone – brothers and sisters, "she knows.""

Gay movie scholar Richard Dyer has defined camp as "a characteristically gay way of handling the values, images and products of the dominant culture through irony, exaggeration, trivialisation, theatricalisation and an ambivalent making fun of and out of the serious and respectable." Garland is camp, he asserts, because she is "imitable, her appearance and gestures copiable in drag acts". He calls her "ordinariness" in her early MGM movies camp in their "failed seriousness" and her later style "wonderfully over-the-top."

Garland herself acknowledged her camp appeal during her lifetime. She once said, "When I die I have visions of fags singing 'Over the Rainbow' and the flag at Fire Island being flown at half mast." Fire Island is a resort community that lies off Long Island. It has a large LGBT presence. The Island is also referenced in Garland's last movie "I Could Go On Singing". The movie is described as "her most gay film" and as the movie most aware of its gay audience.

Another connection between Garland and LGBT people is the slang term "Friend of Dorothy". This term likely derives from Garland's portrayal of Dorothy Gale in "The Wizard of Oz". It became a code phrase gay people used to identify each other. Dorothy's journey from Kansas to Oz "mirrored many gay men's desires to escape the black-and-white limitations of small town life ... for big, colorful cities filled with quirky, gender-bending characters who would welcome them."

In the movie, Dorothy immediately accepts those who are different. The Lion identifies himself through song as a "sissy" and exhibits stereotypically "gay" (or at least effeminate) mannerisms. The Lion is seen as a coded example of Garland meeting and accepting a gay man without question.

It has been said that Garland's death and funeral, held in New York City in June 1969, helped inspire the Stonewall riots. However, some observers of the riots contend that most of those involved "were not the type to moon over Judy Garland records or attend her concerts at Carnegie Hall. They were more preoccupied with where they were going to sleep and where their next meal would come from." In a 2009 interview, gay historian David Carter stated that this connection was based on a mocking reference to the riot by an anti-gay writer in the "Village Voice" the next day. There was certainly an awareness and appreciation of Garland among Stonewall Inn patrons. Because the bar had no liquor license, it was passed off as a bottle club and patrons were required to sign in. Many used pseudonyms and "Judy Garland" was among the most popular.

"Time" magazine would write decades later: "The uprising was inspirited by a potent cocktail of pent-up rage (raids of gay bars were brutal and routine), overwrought emotions (hours earlier, thousands had wept at the funeral of Judy Garland) and drugs. As a 17-year-old cross-dresser was being led into the paddy wagon and got a shove from a cop, she fought back. She hit the cop and was so stoned, she didn't know what she was doing—or didn't care. Garland's daughter Lorna Luft points to the connection with pride, saying that her mother was a "huge, huge advocate of human rights" and that Garland would have found the rioting appropriate.

The rainbow flag, a symbol of the LGBT community, may have been inspired, in part, by Garland's signature song "Over the Rainbow." Garland's performance of this song has been described as "the sound of the closet," speaking to gay men whose image "they presented in their own public lives was often at odds with a truer sense of self that mainstream society would not condone."

Judy Garland's father and other significant people in her life were gay. Garland's father Frank Gumm would apparently seduce or at least keep company with very young men or older teens. He would move on when told to leave or before his activities could be discovered. Garland's husband Vincente Minnelli was generally known to be a closeted bisexual. Garland liked to visit gay bars with openly gay friends Roger Edens and George Cukor, to the chagrin of her handlers at MGM.



Ugly Americans

Ugly Americans is an American animated television show created by Devin Clark and developed by David M. Stern. The show is on the life of Mark Lilly, a social worker working for the Department of Integration, in an similar version of New York City which has monsters and creatures in it.

"Ugly Americans" was first broadcast on March 17, 2010 on Comedy Central. The series is based on a webseries by Devin Clark that is named 5 On with Alan Whiter.

It is on The Comedy Network in Canada and was first broadcast on the same day at the same time.

60 Minutes

60 Minutes is a CBS television news program, which began in 1968. The program was created by Don Hewitt.

In February 2009, "TV Guide" named "60 Minutes" 6th on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.

The Cay (movie)

The Cay is an American drama film based on the book, "The Cay". It aired on NBC on October 21, 1974.

Carlo Bergonzi

Carlo Bergonzi (July 13, 1924 – 25 July 2014) was an Italian tenor. He performed in Italian operas, especially in the works of Giuseppe Verdi. He was noted for his very good musical skills and style.

Bergonzi was born in Vidalenzo, near Parma, Italy. He studied in Parma with Grandini. His first performance was in 1948 in Lecce, as Figaro in "Il Barbiere di Siviglia". For that, he sang as a baritone. After more studies, he retrained himself as a tenor. His first performance as a tenor was in 1951 in "Bari", as Andrea Chenier. That same year, on the 100th anniversary of Verdi's death, he sang on Italian radio in several Verdi works, such as "I Due Foscari", "Giovanna d'Arco", "Simon Boccanegra", etc.

He first sang at La Scala in Milan in 1953, at the Chicago Lyric Opera in 1955, the Metropolitan Opera in New York in 1956, and the Royal Opera House in London in 1962. 

He sung most of the leading roles in Italian opera, notably Nemorino, Edgardo, Ernani, Macduff, Duke of Mantua, Alfredo, Riccardo, Alvaro, Carlo, Radames, Enzo, Turriddu, des Grieux, Rodolfo, Cavaradossi, Pinkerton, etc. He made many recordings, notably a recording of Verdi's complete tenor arias. This remains a unique achievement.

He died in Milan.


2006 Chicago Bears–Arizona Cardinals game

The 2006 Chicago Bears–Arizona Cardinals game was a football game between the Chicago Bears and Arizona Cardinals in 2006. The game was on TV on Monday Night Football. The game took place in University of Phoenix Stadium on October 16, 2006. The Bears beat the Cardinals 24-23 after they were losing by 20 points. Bears quarterback Rex Grossman had his throws intercepted by the Cardinals defense 4 times. Despite this issue, the Bears were able to get away and won in the second half of the game. The game became famous after Cardinals coach Dennis Green became very angry in an interview with reporters, and is one of the best comebacks in NFL history.

The Cardinals started off strong, as Matt Leinart threw 2 touchdown passes. Rex Grossman wasn't as good, since the defense took the ball away from him 6 times. The Bears game back in the 3rd quarter, as kicker Robbie Gould scored the Bears first points. The Bears defense scored twice, and the Bears went ahead after rookie Devin Hester scored the game-winning touchdown on an 83-yard punt return. The Cardinals tried to come back, but their kicker Neil Rackers missed the game-winning kick.

The game reached a new level in fame for the after game interview. The calm Cardinals coach Dennis Green started yelling and complaining with bad words in the interview, and also hitting the microphone. The interview became part of a beer commercial the year later.

After the game ended, the Bears went 13-3 and went to Super Bowl XLI. They lost to the Indianapolis Colts 29-17. Grossman was later released and became part of the Houston Texans and Washington Redskins.

The Cardinals went 5-11, and Green was fired and Ken Whisenhunt became the new coach, and led Arizona to Super Bowl XLIII, and they lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers 27-23. Leinart then was released 2 years later and joined the Texans, and is still with the team as of the 2012 NFL season.


List of Thespakusatsu Gunma players

The List of Thespa Kusatsu players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Thespa Kusatsu is a Japanese professional football club in Gunma Prefecture.




Hines Ward

Hines E. Ward Jr. (born March 8, 1976) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers for fourteen seasons after being drafted in the third round of the 1998 NFL Draft, becoming the team's all-time leader in receptions, receiving yardage and touchdown receptions. Ward was voted MVP of Super Bowl XL and upon retirement was one of only eight NFL players to have 1,000 or more career receptions. He played college football at the University of Georgia.

Ward played college football for the University of Georgia Bulldogs from 1994 to 1997. Ward's 149 career catches for 1,965 yards placed him second in team history. He also played tailback and totaled 3,870 all-purpose yards, second only to Herschel Walker in Bulldogs history, and even played some quarterback. Ward wore #19 in college.

Ward won the Super Bowl twice in Pittsburgh. He was even the MVP of Super Bowl XL, in which Ward caught a touchdown from fellow wideout Antwaan Randle El. Ward is known for, not only his great receiving skills, but his hard blocks (some call them illegal, Ward was even voted the "NFL's Dirtiest Player") and signature toothy smile. In fourteen seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Ward also became their all-time leading receiver. Ward also served as a mentor to several younger Steelers wideouts, including Mike Wallace, Antonio Brown, and Santonio Holmes.
Ward's play became worse late in his career, and so he was released by the Steelers before retiring.

Ward was born in Seoul, South Korea, but grew up in the Atlanta area. He made an appearance on Dancing with the Stars with Kym Johnson, even winning. Ward also has not had many major legal issues, except for a DUI in 2011 and those chargers were dropped. However, Ward pleaded guilty to "reckless driving".



Peyton Place (1957 movie)

Peyton Place is a 1957 movie. It was based on a 1956 novel of the same name by Grace Metalious. It was directed by Mark Robson. The movie stars Lana Turner, Diane Varsi, Russ Tamblyn, Lee Phillips, Hope Lange, and Arthur Kennedy. Critics felt the most salacious bits in the novel had been laundered for the movie. The movie received nine Oscar nominations but won none. The movie did poorly at the box office until Lana Turner's daughter shot her mother's lover Johnny Stompanato to death. The press coverage of the investigation boosted ticket sales by 32%. The movie became the second highest money-making movie of the year.

A Summer Place (movie)

A Summer Place is a 1959 romantic drama movie. It is based on the novel of the same name by Sloan Wilson. It was directed by Delmer Daves. It stars Richard Egan, Dorothy McGuire, Troy Donahue, Sandra Dee, Arthur Kennedy, and Constance Ford. The movie's instrumental theme became a hit.

Two one-time teen lovers, Ken (Egan) and Sylvia (McGuire) meet by accident at a resort in Maine. Ken's wife (Ford) is frigid, and Sylvia's husband (Kennedy) is an alcoholic. Ken and Sylvia consummate their youthful passion.

Sylvia's son Johnny (Donahue) and Ken's daughter Molly (Dee) are at the resort with their parents. They fall in love. Ken and Sylvia leave their spouses and marry. Johnny and Molly request their parents' permission when Molly gets pregnant.

Mirin

The term "Mirin" is a general name that resembles a close taste for cooking purpose. But there are two types. One is a traditional type called "本みりん", which was developed a hundred years ago. It is produced almost all from rice, kōji and alcohol. During brewing process, about 14 % of alcohol is included, so that it protects mirin from going bad or spoiling. In fact sugar is not added to it. Mirin is a kind of rice wine similar to sake. Sweetness comes from its brewing process. 

The other is a fake of 本みりん, often called "みりん風調味料", which hardly contains alcohol and adds sugar and broth instead. It is 40%–50% sugar. Thus, new type is usually sold much cheaper in market. This kind of Mirin contain less alcohol. 

In Kansai style cooking, mirin is boiled for a short time. This removes some of the alcohol. Kansai-style boiled mirin is called "nikiri mirin" (煮切り味醂).But usually it is boiled enough to take alcohl away in cooking.

Mirin is used in teriyaki sauce, too.Mirin is popular and widely used for Japanese dishes.

David Oaks

David William Oaks (born September 16, 1955, Chicago, Illinois) is a civil rights activist and founder and former executive director of Eugene, Oregon-based MindFreedom International. The organization includes psychiatric survivors and dissident psychiatrists who reject what they say is the "domination" by the biomedical model that defines contemporary psychiatry. 
Oaks says that the psychiatric drugs that patients take have harmful side effects, and people can often recover without them.

In the 1970s, David Oaks was a student at Harvard University. He was diagnosed as having schizophrenia. He was hospitalized in an institution and forcibly treated with medications. He recovered, he says, by rejecting drugs and getting support from family and friends. Oaks says he "maintains his mental health with exercise, diet, peer counseling and wilderness trips — strategies that are well outside the mainstream thinking of psychiatrists and many patients".

Oaks is on the board of directors for the United States International Council on Disability.




MindFreedom International

MindFreedom International is an international coalition of over one hundred groups and thousands of individual members from fourteen nations. Based in the USA, it was founded in 1990 to protest against forced medication, medical restraints, and involuntary electroconvulsive therapy in psychiatry. It protects the rights of people who have been labeled with psychiatric disorders. MindFreedom has been recognized by the United Nations Economic and Social Council as a human rights NGO. David Oaks is the founder and executive director of MindFreedom International.


Toby Bourke

Toby Bourke (7 February 1965) is an Irish singer and songwriter. He was brought up in London where he was a key figure in London’s Irish rock scene for twenty years.
He has recorded three albums, two in-studio and one live, and currently has a fourth in production. "Blood Sweat and Tears" was recorded live at The Swan in Stockwell, London in 1992. In 1996 he was signed by George Michael for his Aegean label. He recorded a duet with Michael called "Waltz Away Dreaming" in 1997. The song was a top 10 hit, but the Aegean label folded soon after. "Waltz Away Dreaming" was included on Bourke’s next album "Room 21". 

He continues to write and record from his base in Ireland where he lives with his wife and children. Toby Bourke is rumoured to be planning a tour for later in 2012. He is also rumoured to be writing a humorous, novel form account of his time in the music business.

Marbles (game)

Marbles is a game played with small, round glass balls called marbles. 
The balls vary in size. Usually they are about 1/2 inch to 1 inch (1.3 to 2.6 cm) in diameter, but they may range from less than 1/30 inch (0.111 cm) to over 3 inches (7.75 cm).

As the photographs show, the little glass balls can be most attractive, and they are often collected by children. In the North of England the objects and the game are sometimes called 'taws'.

The games has been played in many countries, but the rules are made up by the players, and there are many variations. One standard idea is to have a target marble. Players flick their marbles with their thumbnail, and try to hit the target. Another version is where players try to hit each other's marbles out of a target zone.

Marbles were found in the ancient civilisations of Mohenjo-daro, Ancient Egypt and Rome.

Marbles has been played in Tinsley Green, West Sussex, England for many centuries: "TIME" magazine traces its origins to 1588.

The British and World Marbles Championship have been held at Tinsley Green every year since 1932. The first championship in 1932 was won by a team from the Black Horse public house in nearby Charlwood.

Traditionally, the marbles-playing season started on Ash Wednesday and lasted until midday on Good Friday: it was thought playing after that brought bad luck. More than 20 teams from around the world take part in the championship each Good Friday. German teams have been successful several times since 2000. Often, local teams from Crawley, Copthorne and other Sussex and Surrey villages also take part.

1950 Assam–Tibet earthquake

The Asssam-Tibet earthquake, also called the Assam earthquake, happened on 15 August 1950. The earthquake had a magnitude of 8.6. It killed 1,526 people. It was the 6th biggest earthquake of the 20th century. It is also the biggest earthquake on record that was not caused by an oceanic subduction. Instead, it was caused by two continental plates converging (crashing together).

Marble (toy)

A marble is a small toy often made from glass, clay, steel, plastic, or agate. They have different sizes. Most often, they are about in diameter, but they may be less than to over , while some glass marbles for art are over wide. Marbles can be used for games called marbles. They are often collected, both for fun and for their colors. In the North of England, the toys and the game are called "taws", with larger taws being called "bottle washers" after the use of a marble in Codd-neck bottles, which were often found for play. These toys can be used to make marble runs, a form of art, or they can be used in marble races, a kind of race using marbles.

Joachim Gauck

Joachim Gauck (24 January 1940) is a German politician and former Lutheran pastor. From 2012 to 2017, Gauck was the eleventh President of Germany after the Second World War. Gauck was elected with 991 votes of 1,232 voting people.

ZDF

Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen () is the second public broadcasting coorparation that was founded in Germany. The head office is in the city of Mainz. The service is also available for free in high definition. For H20 Mermaid Adventures

Famous TV programmes of the ZDF are:

Other TV broadcasting services of the ZDF are:

Graham Greene

Henry Graham Greene (2 October 1904 – 3 April 1991) was a British writer.

Greene was born in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire. His family was wealthy and had owned slave plantations in Montserrat and St. Kitts. He graduated with a second-class degree from Balliol College, Oxford. He was a journalist before he became a novelist.

Greene wrote novels, autobiographies, travel books, plays, screenplays, short stories and children's books. His Catholicism influenced his work.

Greene had bipolar disorder. He died of leukaemia in Vevey, Switzerland.

International Bear Brotherhood Flag

The International Bear Brotherhood Flag is a flag representing the international bear community. The design was probably inspired by the Gay Rainbow Flag and the Leather Pride Flag. The colors represent all the "fur colors and nationalities around the world." The flag was trademarked in 1995. It has been heavily marketed. It appears on tee shirts, baseball caps, license plates, and other items. Two bear flags preceded the International Bear Brotherhood Flag. A flag created by the Front Range Bears was introduced in 1992. It appeared in pride parades in Denver, San Francisco, and the 1993 March on Washington, DC. Colors used for the five diagonally placed stripes were gold, grey, brown, white, and black. Another bear flag was produced in Seattle. It is not seen outside the Northwest. It too uses diagonal stripes.

The Natural Bears Classification System

The Natural Bears Classification System (NBCS) is a set of symbols using letters, numbers, and other characters commonly found on modern, Western computer keyboards. It is used by gay and bisexual men who self-identify as "bears". These codes are used in email, Usenet, and Internet forum postings to identify the physical type and preferences of the poster. The code was developed by Bob Donahue and Jeff Stoner. The NBCS is also called the "bear code". 

An example of the bear code is "B4 s- m g++ w d+c t+ f+ k+ r e+(+?)". The translation (in no particular order) is: "Reasonably thick beard, cub tendencies, definite Daddy, (endowment) gets attention, above average fur, loves groping/pawing/touching, (Kinkiness) loves most things, (Muscle) some definition/Blue collar, spends some time outdoors, (sex) plays under special circumstances, tall, bear with a tummy".

BEAR Magazine

BEAR Magazine is an American magazine. It is directed to gay or bisexual men who are (or who like) hairy and heavy-set men called "bears" in gay slang. It was first published in San Francisco, California in 1987 by Richard Bulger and his partner photographer Chris Nelson. It was marketed to the bear community within the larger LGBT community.

Antwaan Randle El

Antwaan Randle El (born August 17, 1979) is an American football wide receiver, who is currently a free agent. He went to Indiana University, after turning down a Major League Baseball draft selection by the Chicago Cubs in 1997. At Indiana, he mainly played college football for the Indiana Hoosiers, as well as basketball and baseball. 

Randle El played college football for Indiana.

In the National Football League, Randle El was mostly known for his two stints with the Pittsburgh Steelers. He also played for the Washington Redskins. In a Super Bowl XL win with the Steelers, Randle El threw a touchdown pass to fellow wide receiver Hines Ward. Ward left Pittsburgh that next year to play with the Redskins, where he was mostly used as a returner. Randle El played for the Steelers again in 2009. He is now a free agent.

Randle El's younger brother, Marcus, was a wide receiver and kick returner for the University of Wisconsin, while his older brother Curtis was a defensive back at Indiana University. Antwaan is married to Jaune. The couple has four children: Eden, Aunnna, Arynn and Alexa. Randle El has a child, Ciara, with college girlfriend Tashia. Randle El also co-hosted "Redskins Gameday" on WTTG in 2007. Randle El has sometimes been a commentator, and is a Christian.



Jay Cutler

Jay Christopher Cutler is an American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. He went to Heritage Hills High School, where he also played safety, and led his team to the IHSAA Football Finals. He played for the Vanderbilt Commodores football team during his college days, with his final play being a touchdown throw to future Bears teammate Earl Bennett. He formerly played for the Denver Broncos, who drafted him in the first round of the 2006 NFL Draft. Cutler was traded to Chicago for Kyle Orton and a first-round pick in 2009. Cutler was named to the Pro Bowl in 2008. In 2010, after the Bears' loss to the Green Bay Packers in the Conference Championship, people criticized Cutler, calling him a quitter after he hurt his knee. In 2012, Cutler was reunited with Brandon Marshall, who played with him in Denver, as well as Jeremy Bates, who was his quarterbacks coach in Denver. Cutler was also a Bears fan during his youth.


Celebrity Deathmatch

Celebrity Deathmatch was a claymation television that aired on MTV between May 1998 and March 2007. Numerous celebrities were featured on CDM made with clay, including though not limited to Barbra Streisand, Cher, Ice-T, Katie Couric and Sharon Stone where they would fight to the death. It was hosted by Johnny Gomez and Nick Diamond. In the ring was wrestler turned judge Mills Lane (although the real Mills Lane had a stroke in 2002, and the voice of Mills on Deathmatch was done by someone else thereafter); furthermore, Stone Cold Steve Austin was a featured guest host for the show. Other hosts included Stacey Cornbred (though she died in an explosion) and Debbie Matenopolous (for whom Nick represented strong contempt).


Mike Wallace (American football)

Burnell Micheal "Mike" Wallace III (born August 1, 1986 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American football player. He plays as a wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Steelers in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Mississippi. Wallace had success while playing, and was a useful deep threat.

Leather Pride Flag

The Leather Pride Flag is a symbol that has been used by the leather subculture since the 1990s. It was designed by Tony DeBlase in 1989. 
The design was presented at the International Mr. Leather event in Chicago, Illinois, on May 28, 1989. Initial reaction to the flag was mixed. According to DeBlase's article "A Leather Pride Flag", "Some, particularly on the east coast, reacted positively to the concept, but were quite concerned, some even offended, that I had not involved the community in helping to create the design." DeBlase gave this explanation of the design: "The flag is composed of nine horizontal stripes of equal width. From the top and from the bottom, the stripes alternate black and royal blue. The central stripe is white. In the upper left quadrant of the flag is a large red heart. I will leave it to the viewer to interpret the colors and symbols."

International Mr. Leather

International Mr. Leather (IML) is an international contest for men. It was founded by lovers and business partners Chuck Renslow and Dom Orejudos in 1979. It is held annually in Chicago, Illinois. The event spans several days. 

In addition to the contest, the event features workshops, socials, themed dance parties, and a leather market. In 2007, 53 contestants competed from 23 states and 4 foreign countries. 1,800 spectators packed the Chicago Theatre. IML contestants must either be the winner of a bar, local, or regional leather contest or be sponsored by a leather bar, business, club, or organization. A panel of nine judges selects the winner. 

Seven trumpets

Seven trumpets are sounded, one at a time, to cue apocalyptic events that were seen in the vision of the Revelation of Jesus, by Jonh, as written in the Book of Revelation of the New Testament. The seven trumpets are sounded by seven angels and the events that follow are described in detail from Revelation Chapters 8 to 11. According to Revelation 8:1-2, the angels sound these trumpets after the breaking of the seventh seal. These seals secured the apocalyptic document, that was in the right hand of God.


There's Something About Mary

There's Something about Mary is a 1998 American comedy movie. It stars Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon and Cameron Diaz and its subject is dysfunctional relationships. It was directed by Farrelly brothers. Its comedy is a combination of romance and gross-out. It is set in Rhode Island and Miami, Florida.

8 Mile: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture

8 Mile: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture is the soundtrack for the movie "8 Mile". It has songs by Tupac Shakur, 50 Cent, Wu-Tang Clan and Eminem. The soundtrack was released in October 2002.

Seong Hon

Seong Hon (June 25, 1535 – June 6, 1598) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and soldier of the Joseon Dynasty. He was a leader of the West Man party. His pen names were Ugye (우계, 牛溪) and Mukam (묵암, 默巖).




Voiced alveolar trill

The voiced alveolar trill is a type of consonant. It is found in some spoken languages. It is usually called the rolled R, rolling R, or trilled R. The International Phonetic Alphabet letter for this sound is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is r.

Dictionaries of languages like English and German sometimes use the symbol ⟨⟩. They have rhotic consonants that are not an alveolar trill. This is because typing the letter "r" is easier.

In many Indo-European languages, this sound is sometimes an allophone of the alveolar tap . This happens especially in unstressed syllables. Some languages like Catalan, Spanish, Albanian and some Portuguese treat these as two different sounds.

In Czech, there are two different alveolar trills. There is the normal trill, written r. There is also another trill, written ř. This is found in words such as "rybáři" ('fishermen'), ('four'), and the common surname "Dvořák". The way it is pronounced is similar to but the tongue is raised. This other trill is partially fricative, with the frication sounding rather like , though not so retracted. Thus in the IPA it is written as ⟨r⟩ plus the raising diacritic, ⟨⟩. (Before the 1989 IPA Kiel Convention, it had a dedicated symbol ⟨⟩). It is normally voiced, but there is a voiceless allophone as with many other Czech consonants.

Listen: 

Voiced bilabial trill

The voiced bilabial trill is a consonant. It is used in some spoken languages. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is B\.

In many of the languages that contain the voiced bilabial trill, it only occurs as part of a prenasalised bilabial stop with trilled release, . This developed historically from a prenasalized stop before a relatively high back vowel, such as . In such instances, these sounds are usually still limited to the environment of a following .

Features of the bilabial trill:


Lon Chaney

Lon Chaney (April 1, 1883 – August 26, 1930) was an American actor during the age of silent movies. He is said to be one of the most best actors of early movies. He was well known for his playing tortured, often grotesque and afflicted characters. He was famous for his artistry with makeup. Chaney is remembered for starring in silent horror movies. These include "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and "The Phantom of the Opera". His ability to change himself using makeup techniques which he created earned him the nickname "The Man of a Thousand Faces."


Jo Gwang-jo

Jo Gwang-jo (1482 - 1519) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and soldier of the Korean Joseon Dynasty. His pen name was Jeongam (靜庵, 정암). His style name was Hyojik (孝直, 효직). He was a leader of the Sarim party (士林, 사림).




Twink

Twink is a gay slang term. It describes a young or young-looking gay man in the 18–21 age range. A twink has a slender build. He has little or no body or facial hair. The term is sometimes used in a derogatory and pejorative manner by bears.

The twink's namesake is the Hostess Twinkie, a golden-colored, phallic-shaped, cream-filled snack cake thought to have little nutritional value. Qualifiers such as "muscle" or "femme" have narrowed the meaning of twink to a more specific type.

Kim Jong-jik

Kim Jong-jik (, hanja:金宗直, June 1431 - August 19, 1492) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and soldier of the Korean Joseon Dynasty. His pen name was Jeompiljae (점필재, 佔畢齋). His style names were Gyeon (계온, 季溫) and Hyogwan (효관, 孝盥). Majority header and Ideological, academic ancestors of Sarim party (士林, 사림).




Kashihara, Nara

According to legend, Emperor Jimmu was enthroned at Kahihara.

Fujiwara-kyō was the ancient capital of Japan from the year 694 to 710.

The modern city was established in 1956.

Former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe died here after being shot in Nara during a campaign speech on 8 July 2022.


Plutonism

Plutonism (or Vulcanism) is the theory that the rocks forming the Earth were formed in fire by volcanic activity.

It was named after Pluto, the classical ruler of the underworld, or alternatively after Vulcan, the ancient Roman god of fire and volcanoes. The theory was first proposed by Abbé Anton Moro who had studied volcanic islands. It was subsequently developed by James Hutton as part of his "Theory of the Earth" published in 1788. 

The Plutonists strongly disputed the Neptunist view that rocks had been formed by processes that no longer operated, instead supporting Hutton's uniformitarianism. 

List of JEF United Chiba players

The List of JEF United Ichihara Chiba players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

JEF United Ichihara Chiba is a Japanese professional football club in Ichihara and Chiba.




Jermaine Stewart

William Jermaine Stewart (September 7, 1957 - March 17, 1997) was an American singer. He was born in Columbus, Ohio and moved to Chicago, Illinois in 1972. He is best known for his song We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off, which was released in 1986. He died of AIDS in Homewood, Illinois.

Deborah Kerr

Deborah Kerr CBE (30 September 1921 – 16 October 2007) was a British actress. She was born Deborah Jane Kerr-Trimmer in Glasgow, Scotland. She won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her starring role as Anna Leonowens in "The King and I". 

Kerr died of Parkinson's disease in Botesdale, Suffolk.

Tea bag (sexual act)

Tea bag is a slang term for a sexual act in which the male puts his scrotum into his partner's mouth over and over. It is called "tea bagging" because it is like a tea bag being put into a cup of hot water and dipped. Some people would not like being tea bagged, but it does not need to be painful.

Tea bagging has been used during hazing or bullying incidents. Groups hold down victims while somebody "shoved his testicles in [the victim's] face" or puts his "crotch to his head." 

Pretending to tea bag is a popular taunt in multiplayer first person shooter video games, the player who has killed the other crouches over and over on the dead body of their opponent. Although some say that it is not being a good winner, it is common in amateur, and possibly even professional gaming, many tea bagging in fighting games as well.

Troll (gay slang)

Troll and trolling are gay slang terms. Troll is used to characterize gay, bisexual and questioning or bi-curious men who cruise or "wander about looking" for sex or potential sex partners or experiences "in a notably wanton manner and with lessened standards of what one will accept in a partner." 

The term can be used positively or negatively depending on the speaker, usage, and intent. The term can describe the person or the activity. Although often referring to "an unattractive older gay man" and although troll as a slur "is primarily a visual, not a behavioral" judgment, the terms can be used for anyone who is "trolling" regardless of the putative troll's age or perceived beauty.

Ichihara, Chiba

Ichihara is in the area of ancient Kazusa province.

On Friday, March 11, 2011, the Tōhoku earthquake caused damage in Ichihara. Natural gas storage tanks were set on fire by the earthquake.

Ichihara is on the east coast of Toyko bay. In other words, it is on the west coast of Bōsō Peninsula.



Lauren Holly

Lauren Holly (born October 28, 1963, Bristol, Pennsylvania) is an American television and movie actress. She played Maxine Stewart in the CBS television show "Picket Fences". She played Mary Swanson in the 1994 movie "Dumb and Dumber". She also did many other TV and movie performances. She was married to actor Jim Carrey between 1996 and 1997. She is of Belgian, Dutch, English, Finnish, Flemish, French-Canadian, German, Irish, Norwegian, Scottish, Swiss, Walloon and Welsh descent.

List of counties in Arizona

<onlyinclude>
There are 15 counties in the U.S. state of Arizona. Four counties (Mohave, Pima, Yavapai and Yuma) were formed in 1864 in the Arizona Territory in 1862. All but La Paz County were formed by the time Arizona became a State in 1912.</onlyinclude> There is also one county, Pah-Ute County, Arizona that was formed in 1865 from Mohave County and returned in 1871. 

The names of many of the counties honor the state's Native American past. Nine of the fifteen counties are named after native groups that live in parts of what is now Arizona. Three of the other counties have Spanish names from the language of the early Hispanic explorers of Arizona. Another county, Graham County, is named for a physical feature, Mount Graham. Greenlee County is named after one of the state's early pioneers. 

Arizona's United States postal abbreviations is AZ and its FIPS code is 04.
<onlyinclude>

List of counties in Arkansas

There are 75 counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas. Arkansas has 10 counties with 2 county seats.

1600 Penn

1600 Penn is an American sitcom created by Josh Gad and former Barack Obama speechwriter, Jon Lovett for the NBC television network.

It shows a family and about their life in the White House.


List of counties in California

The state of California has 58 counties. Counties are responsible for all elections, property-tax collection, maintenance of public records such as deeds, and local-level courts within their borders, as well as providing law enforcement (through the county sheriff and sheriff's deputies) to areas that are not in cities.

California's United States Postal Service code is CA and its FIPS code is 06.

 


Brian Urlacher

Brian Keith Urlacher is a former American football player. and used to play for the Chicago Bears. Urlacher is known for being one of the best players in the league, being named to 8 Pro Bowls, and winning Defensive Rookie of the Year in 2000. Urlacher played for the University of New Mexico during his college days, being a Heisman Trophy finalist in 1999, and was drafted in the 2000 NFL Draft in the 1st round 9th overall by the Bears. After 5 years of being at the bottom of the NFC North (except for 2001), the Bears finally reached Super Bowl XLI, even though they lost to Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts, Urlacher still finished the year with 93 tackles and 3 forced fumbles, and was also a runner-up for the Defensive Player of the Year. In 2007 which was a year of being last in the North, Urlacher told press that he had a bad back, but it wasn't bad. Even though this issue came around, he still was able to get 5 interceptions, 5 sacks, 1 fumble recovery, 123 tackles, and a defensive touchdown. In 2009, Urlacher broke his wrist, and was out for the year. In 2010, the Bears defense became stronger, with the signing of Julius Peppers, winning the NFC North, but lost to the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship. In 2011, against the Minnesota Vikings, Urlacher hurt his MCL. Luckily, there was no ACL damage. Because of his injury, he didn't play in the 2010 Pro Bowl.

In March 2013, Urlacher was released, and retired on May 23. Eventually, Urlacher joined Fox Sports 1 as an analyst.


List of boroughs and census areas in Alaska

The U.S. state of Alaska is not divided into counties, like the other 48 states (Louisiana has parishes), but instead is divided into boroughs. Many of the more densely populated parts of the state are in Alaska's 19 organized boroughs, which are somewhat similar to counties in other states. Unlike in the other states, the organized boroughs do not completely cover all of the land in the state. The areas that are not part of any organized borough are called the "unorganized borough."

For the 1970 census, the US and state divided the unorganized borough into 11 census areas. Each is roughly the same as an election district. However, these areas are solely for statistical analysis and presentation, and have no government of their own. Boroughs and census areas are both treated as county-level equivalents by the Census Bureau. 

Some areas in the unorganized borough receive limited public services directly from the Alaska state government, usually law enforcement from the Alaska State Troopers and educational funding. 

Six consolidated city-county governments exist —the City and Borough of Juneau, City and Borough of Skagway, Sitka City and Borough, Yakutat City and Borough, Wrangell City and Borough, and the state's largest city, Anchorage. Though its legal name is the "Municipality of Anchorage," it is considered a consolidated city-borough under state law. 

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 55-2,3,4 codes, used by the United States Census Bureau to uniquely identify states and counties, is provided with each entry. Alaska's code is 02, which when combined with any county code would be written as 02XXX. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county.

 

The Unorganized Borough is part of the U.S. state of Alaska not in any of its 19 organized boroughs. It is over half of Alaska's area, 837,700 km² (323,440 mi²), an area larger than any other US state. 

Unique among the United States, Alaska is not entirely subdivided into organized county equivalents. In 1970, the United States Census Bureau divided the unorganized borough into 12 census areas to facilitate census taking in the large unorganized area. With later changes due to the creation of new boroughs, there are now 11 such areas.



List of counties in Colorado

The U.S. state of Colorado has a total of 64 counties. Two of these counties, the City and County of Denver and the City and County of Broomfield, have consolidated city and county governments.

Colorado's postal abbreviation is CO and its FIPS code is 08.

List of counties in Connecticut

This is a list of counties in Connecticut. There are eight counties in the U.S. state of Connecticut. Four of them were formed in 1666, when the colony of Connecticut was made from a number of smaller colonies. Two counties were made during colonial times, and two counties, Middlesex and Tolland, were formed after American independence (both in 1785). Six of the counties are named for locations in England, where many early Connecticut settlers were from. Although Connecticut is comprised of counties, after their abolishment in 1960, the roles of local government have been performed individually by Connecticut's 169 cities and towns. 


List of counties in Delaware

The state of Delaware has three counties: New Castle, Kent, and Sussex, the fewest counties of any U.S. state. The origin of the county boundaries goes back to former court districts. The powers of the counties' legislative bodies are limited to issues such as zoning and development.

Each county elects a legislative body (known in New Castle and Sussex counties as the "County Council", and in Kent County as the "Levy Court"). The counties are able to raise taxes and borrow money. They also have control over garbage disposal, water supply, sewerage, zoning, development, and building codes.

Most functions which are handled on a county-by-county basis in other states—such as court and law enforcement—have been centralized in Delaware, leading to a significant amount of power in the Delaware state government. 

'Round Springfield

"'Round Springfield" is the 125th episode (the 22nd episode of season 6) of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on April 30, 1995. The episode was written by Joshua Sternin and Jeffrey Ventimilia based on a story idea by Al Jean and Mike Reiss and the first episode directed by Steven Dean Moore. The episode features many cultural references, including Carole King's song "Jazzman", the actor James Earl Jones and the "Kimba the White Lion/The Lion King" controversy.

Bart Simpson gets a stomachache after accidentally eating a jagged metal Krusty-O with his breakfast cereal. Lisa is the only one who believes him, however. Homer and Marge send him to school anyway. Bart struggles through the test. After finally convincing Mrs. Krabappel that he is actually ill, she lets him go and see the nurse. Bart collapses on the medical room floor. He is then taken to Springfield General Hospital where he undergoes surgery from Dr. Hibbert and Dr. Nick. It seems Bart has appendicitis.

While visiting Bart in the hospital, Lisa meets her hero, jazzman Bleeding Gums Murphy, in a bed in another ward. Later, Bleeding Gums gives Lisa his saxophone for her school recital. It starts off terribly (owing to most of the orchestra having their appendixes removed so they could miss school), but Lisa gets up and performs a solo routine, becoming the star of the show. Returning to the hospital the next day, Lisa becomes sad to learn that Bleeding Gums has died. Lisa is the only person who attends Bleeding Gums's funeral, and she vows to make sure that everyone in Springfield knows the name Bleeding Gums Murphy. Bart, meanwhile, sues Krusty the Clown and is given a $100,000 settlement. However, after Bart's attorney Lionel Hutz takes his "legal fees", Bart is left with only $500, though Bart seems to be okay with it.

Lisa is still sad. She decides that the best way to honor Bleeding Gums' memory is by having his album played at the local jazz station. Lisa spots it in the Android's Dungeon store for $250, but after hearing that Bleeding Gums is dead, Comic Book Guy doubles the price to $500. Bart then walks in with his $500 and, after remembering that Lisa was the only one who believed him about his stomach ache, Bart decides to buy the album with his money, and Lisa thanks him for it. When the station plays one of Bleeding Gums's songs, Lisa is disappointed because the station's tiny range still prevents anyone from hearing it. Lightning then strikes the antenna, giving it extra power and projecting it into every radio in Springfield. Lisa is finally satisfied. After proclaiming "that was for you Bleeding Gums", she turns to leave, but not before Bleeding Gums is seen from heaven to tell Lisa that she had made "an old jazz man happy". After saying a final goodbye, Lisa and Bleeding Gums jam to "Jazzman" one last time.

The title of this episode is a play on both the song 'Round Midnight by Thelonious Monk and the movie of the same name about an unhappy jazz musician.

Bleeding Gums Murphy appears to Lisa in a cloud near the end of the episode with Darth Vader, Mufasa, and James Earl Jones saying "This is CNN". Despite the fact that all three characters were voiced by Jones, the characters in this scene were impersonated by cast member Harry Shearer; Jones himself guest-starred in two episodes before. Additionally, Mufasa accidentally said "Kimba". He corrects himself by saying "Simba". This is a reference to controversy regarding "The Lion King"'s similarity to the anime show "Kimba the White Lion". Lisa and Bleeding Gums play Carole King's song "Jazzman" in this scene and in the hospital earlier in the episode. Bleeding Gums has to leave at the end of the scene because he has a date with the jazz singer Billie Holiday. for the TV Show "ER".

Bleeding Gums appears on an episode of "The Cosby Show". This is a reference to Cosby often getting jazz musicians he liked to appear on the show; in the episode, Cosby is voiced by "The Simpsons" regular Dan Castellaneta. Lionel Hutz' "crack team of lawyers" Robert Shapiro and Albert Dershman are parodies of Robert Shapiro and Alan Dershowitz, two of the defense attorneys at the O.J. Simpson murder case. The three drive away in a white Ford Bronco, the same car O.J. Simpson drove in his televised low-speed pursuit before his arrest.

This was the first episode directed by Steven Dean Moore. Joshua Sternin and Jeffrey Ventimilia, who were writers on "The Critic" and were big fans of "The Simpsons", were happy to be able to write an episode.The original story was based on a story idea by Al Jean and Mike Reiss. The main story of the episode's first act sees Bart get appendicitis from eating a jagged metal Krusty-O. Mike Reiss's father, being a doctor, "sort of" acted as the medical consultant on this episode. He stated that "you can't get" appendicitis from eating a piece of metal, but the writers decided to do it anyway. In his flashback, Murphy is shown as having a "$1,500 a day Fabergé egg habit"; Jean "didn't realize just how expensive" Fabergé eggs actually were, so the joke does not make much sense.

This episode was the first to have a recurring character killed off on the show. The writers and production team felt that it would be a good, emotional storyline, which, through Lisa, could focus on the theme of sadness. They decided that it could not be one of the main characters; Jean joked that "we wouldn't want it to be someone like Mr. Burns, that we'd obviously want to see in the show again". But later Jean decided on Bleeding Gums Murphy, a character introduced in "Moaning Lisa", an episode of season 1; a flashback to "Moaning Lisa" is featured in the episode.

Murphy was a fairly minor character, only appearing in 2 episodes of the show, but he appeared in the show's opening sequence and remained there after this episode, until the opening was re-designed in season 20. Moore's first-ever job on the show was in the animation department for "Moaning Lisa" so he "appreciated" being able to direct this episode. Reiss stated "I had been polling for years to kill Marge's mom but this was a better idea". Actor Ron Taylor returned to guest star as Murphy in the episode. Comedian Steve Allen also made his second guest appearance on the show, who had also appeared in the episode "Separate Vocations" before.

"'Round Springfield" finished 60th on its American broadcast in the ratings for the week of April 24 to 30, 1995. It received a Nielsen rating of 8.2. The episode was the fourth highest-rated show on the Fox network that week. Mike Reiss and Al Jean thought that the episode would "get a ton of awards", and joked that this was why they opted to receive a story credit, which they usually would not. Ultimately it did not win any awards.

Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, who were the authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide" found that it was "a real tear-jerker" and praised Grampa believing everything he saw was death. Ryan Keefer of DVD Verdict rated the episode a "B". Adam Finley of "TV Squad" liked the episode. He liked its many "great moments" including "Steve Allen pimping his books on TV: "How to Make Love to Steve Allen"; "Happiness is a Naked Steve Allen"; "Journey to the Center of Steve Allen"; "The Joy of Cooking Steve Allen"" and "Moe running a "retox" clinic right next to a detox clinic".

On the bad review side, Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide called the episode "dull" stating that "some of the moments connected to Bart's illness are funny," but that he "really hate[s] that "Jazzman" song" and dislikes "the Bleeding Gums parts."

In the episode, budget cuts at Springfield Elementary School force the janitor Groundskeeper Willie to be used as a French teacher. Expressing his disdain for French people, he exclaims to his class: "Bonjour, you cheese-eatin' surrender monkeys." This quote, particularly the phrase "cheese-eating surrender monkeys", has since been more widely used. It was used particularly in the run-up to the war in Iraq, having been popularized by the right-wing "National Review" journalist Jonah Goldberg, to describe European and especially French opposition to military action. It was once noted that the phrase was "made acceptable in official diplomatic channels around the globe". Ben Macintyre has written that the phrase is "perhaps the most famous" of the show's coinages and since Goldberg's usage it "has gone on to become a journalistic cliché."

It has subsequently been used by the "New York Post" (as "Surrender Monkeys") as the headline for its December 7, 2006, front page, referring to the Iraq Study Group and its recommendation that U.S. soldiers be withdrawn from Iraq by early 2008. Articles in the "Daily Mail" have used the phrase in reference the French's "attitude problem", and the "muted" European reaction to the death of Osama Bin Laden, while "The Daily Telegraph" has cited it in relation to Anglo-French military cooperation. The term has been used in books by commentator Laura Ingraham, and academics Stuart Croft, Stephen Chan, and Paul L. Moorcraft and Philip M. Taylor. Ned Sherrin included the quote in the "Oxford Dictionary of Humorous Quotations"; it was introduced in the third edition in 2005. It is also included in the "Oxford Dictionary of Modern Quotations". Douglas Coupland's 2009 novel "Generation A" refers to Groundskeeper Willie's use of the phrase.

The line was "probably" written by Ken Keeler during one of the episode's re-write sessions, although none of those present on the episode's DVD audio commentary could remember for sure. The writers were surprised it became as widely used as it did and never meant it as a political statement, merely as an "obnoxious" joke for Willie. The French dub of the show uses the line "singes mangeurs de fromage", eliding the word "surrender".


List of counties in Hawaii

There are five counties of Hawaii on the Hawaiian Islands in the United States. Counties are the only lower governments in the State of Hawaii. This is unusual in the United States. Most states include city governments, township governments, or other local authorities. The Hawaii State Department of Education is in charge of Hawaii's public education, because there are no local school boards to operate schools. People in Hawaii pay property taxes and user fees to the county they live in to help pay for road maintenance, community activities, parks, garbage disposal, police, ambulances, and fire departments. All the counties in Hawaii were formed in 1905 from unorganized territory, seven years after the Territory of Hawaii was created. The county of Kalawao is very small because it used to be a leper colony, so it does not as have many elected officials as the other counties do.

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code below is a code which is used by the United States government to keep track of all the counties. It can be used to find more information on that county. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county. The county seat is the city, town or village where the county government is actually located.

List of counties in Vermont

There are 14 counties in the U.S. state of Vermont. These counties together contain 255 political units, or places, including 237 towns, 9 cities, 5 unincorporated areas, and 4 gores. Each county has a county seat, known in Vermont as "shire town". In 1779, Vermont had two counties. The western side of the state was called Bennington County and the eastern was called Cumberland County. In 1781, Cumberland County was made into three counties in Vermont plus another county named Washington (not the same as the modern Washington County) that then became part of New Hampshire. Today's Washington County was known as Jefferson County from its start in 1810 until it was renamed in 1814. Essex County, Orleans County, and Caledonia County are commonly called the "Northeast Kingdom".


Wounded Knee Massacre

The Wounded Knee Massacre was a brief fight between the Native American Lakota people and the US Army. It took place at Wounded Knee Creek in South Dakota on December 29, 1890. About 300 Lakota and 25 soldiers were killed. The Lakota were part of the Sioux nation. The army had been sent into the area to take the guns owned by the Lakota.

During the 1890's, a Native American shaman, named Wovoka, began teaching people about his visions for the future. He said the living would join with the dead, and the prairies would be covered in new soil. This would bury the European settlers, and life would return to the way it had been with lots of bison and other animals to hunt. To make this happen, he told people they would have to perform the Ghost Dance. The dancers wore brightly colored shirts with pictures of bison and eagles. They believed the shirts had magic powers which would protect them from bullets. The Ghost Dance caused a lot of excitement in the Sioux camps. European settlers were worried by these beliefs and the sight of wild and crazy people dancing in the snow. They demanded protection from the army.

The army was sent in to the Native American camps to arrest the leaders and take away their weapons until things settled down. Chief Sitting Bull was killed when the army tried to arrest him at Standing Rock Reservation of December 15, 1890. The army then went to arrest Chief Big Foot. On December 28, the army found Chief Big Foot, who was leading his people south to the Pine Ridge Reservation, near the Wounded Knee Creek. The next morning Chief Big Foot met with Colonel Forsyth.

During the meeting a shot was fired, and very quickly both groups began shooting at each other. The army had Hotchkiss cannons which fired into the tepees. Many women and children were caught in the gunfire. When the shooting stopped over 300 people had been killed. 

Television producer

A television producer is a person who oversees one or more aspects of video production on a television program. Some producers take more of an executive role, in that they conceive new programs and pitch them to the television networks, but upon acceptance they focus on business matters, such as budgets and contracts. Other producers are more involved with the day-to-day workings, participating in activities such as screenwriting, set design, casting, and directing.

There are a variety of different producers on a television show. A traditional producer is one who manages a show's budget and maintains a schedule, but this is no longer the case in modern television.

Tok Pisin

Tok Pisin (pronounced: ) is a market language used in parts of the South Pacific, mainly Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, but also in areas of Vanuatu, where a second language known as Bislama is also spoken. A market language is one which is used as an everyday language between people who don't speak a common language.

Tok Pisin is a Creole language, meaning that it's a mixture of other languages, mainly English, German and Tahitian. 

Emmanuel Sanders

Emmanuel Sanders (born March 17, 1987) is an American football wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Steelers in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft. Sanders played college football at Southern Methodist University. He also played for the Denver Broncos from 2014 to 2019.

Sanders spent his college football career at Southern Methodist University.

Sanders was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 3rd round (#82 overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. With the Steelers, Sanders played as a solid backup behind Hines Ward, Antonio Brown, and Mike Wallace. Sanders missed a Week 9 game on November 6, 2011 against the Baltimore Ravens because his mother died. For his career, Sanders has a total of 50 catches for 664 yards and 4 touchdowns.

Bean queen

Bean queen (sometimes rice and bean queen) is a derogatory slang term. The term refers to a white gay man who is chiefly attracted to Hispanic and Latino men.

One source describes these white gay males as "Gay men who are attracted to gentlemen of the Latino flava." "Bean queen" is probably derived from "rice queen". This term refers to a gay white male who is attracted to Asian men. In this case, the word rice (the food that forms the basis of the Asian diet) has been substituted with the word bean or rice and bean, foods popular throughout Central America, South America and the Caribbean. Other food-based variations include "taco queen" and "salsa queen". "Refried beans" refers to Hispanic and Latino men who prefer other Hispanic and Latino men. Much less frequently, these terms are used to describe gay Latino men themselves. The term is also used in a derogatory manner when referring to a drag queen of Hispanic or Latino background.

Drag queen

Drag queen is a gay slang term. It refers to a person who dresses up and portrays a woman for entertainment purposes. Although men dressed as women are the most common type of drag queen, trans women, female impersonators, and many other people can also be considered a drag queen. Drag queens exaggerate certain characteristics (such as make-up and eyelashes) for comic, dramatic, or satirical effect. Drag queens perform in gay bars. They participate in gay pride parades and drag pageants. They may make appearances at events such as gay rodeos. They generally do not want to pass as women. RuPaul is a drag queen well known through his many television appearances in the 1990s. He is the host of one of, if not the most, famous television show about drag, RuPaul's Drag Race. Movies about drag queens include "The Birdcage" and "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert".


French kiss

French kisses are kisses in which tongues touch. These kisses are usually romantic. French kisses are usually reserved for those in love.

The Petit Robert 2014 French dictionary, released in 2013, added the French verb "se galocher" as slang for kissing with tongues. The informal English term "frenching" also means French kissing, as does the Quebec French term "frencher".

RuPaul

RuPaul (born RuPaul Andre Charles on November 17, 1960 in San Diego) is an African-American actor, drag queen, model, author, and singer-songwriter. He first became widely known in the 1990s when he appeared in a wide variety of television programs, films, and musical albums. He was once a fixture on the Atlanta and New York City gay club scenes during the 1980s and early 90s. RuPaul has on occasion performed as a man in a number of roles. He is usually billed as RuPaul Charles. RuPaul is noted among famous drag queens for his indifference towards the gender-specific pronouns used to address him—both "he" and "she" have been deemed acceptable. "You can call me he. You can call me she. You can call me Regis and Kathie Lee; I don't care! Just as long as you call me." He hosted a short-running talk show on VH1. He has hosted reality television shows called "RuPaul's Drag Race" and "RuPaul's Drag U".

In 2020, he learned that he and New Jersey Senator Cory Booker are cousins; they discovered it by appearing on the TV show "Finding Your Roots".

I Hate My Teenage Daughter

I Hate My Teenage Daughter is an American sitcom first aired on November 30, 2011 on Fox.

On March 15, 2012, Fox announced they were removing "I Hate My Teenage Daughter" from the Tuesday night schedule, and that "I Hate My Teenage Daughter" would be replaced by reruns of "Raising Hope", and that the remaining episodes would air in the Summer.

Chi Chi LaRue

Chi Chi LaRue (born Larry David Paciotti on November 8, 1959) is an American movie director of gay, bisexual, and straight pornography. He was born in Hibbing, Minnesota. He is best known in his drag name, Chi Chi LaRue. He has also directed under the names Lawrence David and Taylor Hudson.

John Epperson

Lypsinka (born John Epperson on 24 April 1955) is an American drag queen, actor, pianist, vocalist, and writer. Epperson was born in Hazelhurst, Mississippi. He moved to New York City in 1978. He did drag gigs on the side at various nightspots. "Lypsinka" first appeared in 1988 in New York as a late-night addition to Charles Busch's "Vampire Lesbians of Sodom". Lypsinka has appeared in solo shows Off-Broadway. Epperson says Lypsinka was modelled on Dolores Gray. For his show "Lypsinka! The Boxed Set", Epperson won the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Sound Design, the LA Weekly Theater Award for Best Solo Performance, and the Helen Hayes Award for Best Non-resident Production in 2003.

José Sarria

José Sarria (December 22, 1922 – August 19, 2013) was an American political activist. For many years, he performed in drag at the Black Cat Bar in San Francisco, California. He ran for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1961, making him the first openly gay candidate for public office in the United States. A portion of a San Francisco street was named in his honor.

Sarria was born in San Francisco to Julio Sarria and Maria Dolores Maldonado on December 22, 1922. His parents did not marry. His father showed no interest in raising him. José's mother tried to raise him on her own. This became too difficult. She placed him with another couple. Both they and his mother indulged his early interest in wearing girls' clothing. Sarria had a talent for languages. This led to his first serious romance with another man. Sarria tutored Paul Kolish. Kolish was an Austrian baron who had fled from the Nazis. Sarria and Kolish fell in love. Their relationship lasted until Kolish and his son were killed in a car accident in 1947.

Sarria served in the United States Army during World War II. He studied to become a teacher after his discharge. He often went to the Black Cat Bar. He met waiter Jimmy Moore. Sarria describes Moore as "the love of [his] life". Sarria was hired as a cocktail waiter. He was convicted on a morals charge. He knew he could not become a certified teacher following his conviction. He began performing as a drag queen. He appeared regularly at the Black Cat. Sarria co-founded several organizations dedicated to gay interests. Sarria became the first openly gay candidate for public office in the United States. He ran for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1961. In 1964 Sarria declared himself "Empress José I, The Widow Norton". He founded the Imperial Court System. The System grew to become an international association of charitable organizations.

The Black Cat closed in 1964. Sarria went to work with restaurant operator Pierre Parker. The two operated French restaurants at World's Fairs. Sarria was working at the 1964 New York World's Fair when he learned that Jimmy Moore had died. Sarria worked at several more Fairs before retiring in 1974. Sarria lived with Parker in Phoenix, Arizona for several years, then returned to San Francisco. He continued to reign over the Courts for 43 years. He abdicated in 2007. The city of San Francisco renamed a section of 16th Street in Sarria's honor for his lifetime of activism.

Sarria died on August 19, 2013 from natural causes in his home in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He was 90 years old.



Kuch Toh Log Kahenge

Kuch Toh Log Kahenge is an Indian soap opera television program. It airs on Sony TV. It first appeared on TV on October 3, 2011. It is a remake of the Pakistani classical TV drama "Dhoop Kinare". "Kuch Toh Log Kahenge" is a love story between two people who have a substantial age gap. It last appeared on TV on March 28, 2013.

At first, actors Kritika Kamra and Mohnish Behl played the two main characters. Sharad Kelcar was later replaced by .

"Kuch Toh Log Kahenge" takes places in a hospital in Lucknow.

"Kuch Toh Log Kahenge" is a love story between people from two different generations: a young, spirited Dr. Nidhi Verma (age 24) and a brooding and handsome Dr. Ashutosh (age 42). These two people do not know that they have a connection from their past.

KTLK's entire cast and crew won an award at the 18th Lion Gold Awards.



Natalie West

Natalie Marla West (born January 23, 1956) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Crystal Anderson Conner on the television series "Rosanne on ABC.

West has been in some movies. These include "Life Sentence" (2004) and "The Poker House" (2007).

Elisabeth Shue

Elisabeth Judson Shue (born October 6, 1963) is an American actress. She is best known for her work in the movies "The Karate Kid", "Adventures in Babysitting", "Cocktail", "Back to the Future Parts II" and "III" and "Leaving Las Vegas".

Shue was born in Wilmington, Delaware. Shue's mother was a descendant of Pilgrim religious leader William Brewster. Her father's family moved from Germany to Pennsylvania in the early 19th century. Shue's younger brother, Andrew, is also an actor.

Shue grew up in Bergen and Essex counties in New Jersey. Her parents divorced when she was young. Shue graduated from Columbia High School, in Maplewood, New Jersey. She later studied at Wellesley College and Harvard University. Shue left Harvard early because of her acting career. She returned to Harvard to finish her degree in Government in 2000.
While in high school, Shue acted in television commercials. She did ads for Burger King, DeBeers diamonds, and Hellman's mayonnaise.

Her first movie role was in 1984. She acted in "The Karate Kid". She played the girlfriend of Ralph Macchio. In 1986, she acted with Terrance Stamp in the British horror movie "Link". "Adventures in Babysitting" was her first acting job where she was the main character.

Shue is married to movie director Davis Guggenheim. Their son, Miles William, was born on November 11, 1997. She gave birth to her first daughter, Stella Street, on March 19, 2001. Her third child, Agnes Charles, was born on June 18, 2006. Her son's middle name is in honor of her second brother, William. This brother died in 1988 at the age of 26 in a swimming accident.


Yi See-young

Yi See-young (, 3 December 1868 - 19 April 1953) was a politician and independence activist, politicians and Neo-confucian scholars of South Korea. He was first Vice President of South Korea 1948 to 1952. His pen name was Seongjae (성재, 省齋), Seerimshanin(시림산인, 始林山人).




Voiced alveolar approximant

The alveolar approximant is a consonant. It is used in some languages. It is used in English where the letter "r" is used for the sound, as in run or brick. The International Phonetic Alphabet represents the alveolar and postalveolar approximants as ⟨⟩. International Phonetic Alphabet represents it as a lowercase letter "r" rotated 180 degrees, or in broad transcription ⟨⟩; the X-SAMPA symbol of this is ⟨r\⟩.

Many times the symbol is written as ⟨⟩ instead of ⟨⟩ because typing ⟨⟩ is easier.


Mena Suvari

Mena Alexandra Suvari (born February 13, 1979) is an American actress, fashion designer, and model. She began acting in guest roles on 1990s television programs such as "Boy Meets World" and "High Incident". She made her movie debut in the 1997 drama movie "Nowhere".

Her first major movie roles were in "American Beauty" and "American Pie". Both of these moves were in 1999. She was nominated for a BAFTA Award for "American Beauty". Next she was in "Loser" (2000), with her "American Pie" co-star, Jason Biggs. In 2001, she played the main character in the comedy movie "Sugar & Spice". She was in the 2002 drama "Spun" and the 2004 thriller "Trauma". She was also in the HBO's drama series "Six Feet Under" in 2004. While working on this series, she was nominated as a member of cast by the Screen Actors Guild for "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series" in 2005. In 2008, she was cast in a many movies. These incude "Day of the Dead", "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh", and the movie version of "The Garden of Eden".

Suvari is a model for Lancôme cosmetics. She has been in many fashion blogs and magazines such as "Vogue". She is an activist for the African relief organization, the African Medical and Research Foundation. Feminist issues are also important to her. She works with charities whose cause is breast cancer, and "End Violence Against Women" campaign.

Suvari was born in Newport, Rhode Island. She is the daughter of Candice, a nurse, and Ando Süvari, a psychiatrist. Her mother is half Greek and her father is part Estonian. She has three older brothers.

Her family moved Charleston, South Carolina. Growing up, Mena wanted to be an archaeologist, astronaut or doctor. A modeling agency came to her all-girls school, Ashley Hall, to offer classes. By the time she started acting, she had been modeling for the New York-based Wilhelmina agency for five years.

After moving to the Los Angeles area, Suvari studied at Providence High School in Burbank. She graduated in 1997.

Suvari married German-born cinematographer Robert Brinkmann on March 4, 2000. Brinkmann was seventeen years older than her. They divorced in May 2005.

In 2007, Suvari began dating Italian-Canadian concert promoter Simone Sestito. She met him at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival. They were married on June 26, 2010 in Rome. They chose Rome because most of Sestito's family lives near the city. On January 13, 2012, Suvari said she wanted a divorce from Sestito. The divorce became final in October 2012.

In late 2017, Suvari became a vegan for ethical reasons. Since then she only uses cruelty-free and environmentally friendly products.

In October 2018, she married her boyfriend Michael Hope.

Jo Sik

Jo Sik (or Cho Shik) (, 1501–1572) was a politician and Confucianist scholar of Korea. His nickname was Nammyung, rival of Twaegye Yi Hwang.




Crown group

A crown group is a group of living species and their ancestors back to the most recent common ancestor. It is a term in cladistics and phylogenetics. It is a clade with at least some members that have survived to the present day. How a crown group is defined depends on which living species are chosen. One definition stresses the need for members of the crown group to have the clade's characteristic synapomorphy.

The idea was developed by Willi Hennig, the founder of phylogenetic systematics, but he did not use this term. The terms "crown group" and "stem group" were invented by R.P.S. Jefferies in 1979. Though invented in the 1970s, the term was not often used until it was reintroduced in the 2000s.

One very simplified cladogram for birds is shown below:


"Archaeopteryx" and some other extinct groups are not included in the crown group Neornithes. They fall outside the clade, as they diverged earlier. Neoaves can also be considered a crown group, as can Paleognathae, the ratites clade, and Galloanserae, the ducks and chickens clade. Bigger crown groups can also be defined, such as the phylum Chordata.

The stem group of birds would be all the earlier Aves minus the crown group Neornithes.

Vampire Lesbians of Sodom

Vampire Lesbians of Sodom is a satirical play by Charles Busch. It is about two immortal vampire lesbians. They are locked in eternal antagonism after surviving the downfall of the Biblical city of Sodom. Both women arrive in Jazz Age Broadway and Hollywood. They pretend to be silent movie stars. They reach a truce in a final scene set in Las Vegas in the 1980s. "The New York Times" described the show as having "costumes flashier than pinball machines, outrageous lines, awful puns, sinister innocence, [and] harmless depravity". It was first performed at the Limbo Lounge in Manhattan's East Village in 1984. It moved Off Broadway in June 1985 to the Provincetown Playhouse. It had a five year run.

Digital audio player

The digital audio player is a device that can play digital audio, such as CD and MP3 formatted music. Such devices include MP3 players and CD players. Some are portable and use battery power. 

Daniel Levy

Daniel Levy (born 8 February 1962 in Essex) is the current chairman of Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur F.C.. He has been the chairman since 2001.

He is managing director of ENIC International Ltd., which is an investment company. He replaced Alan Sugar as chairman of Tottenham in February 2001. This happened after ENIC bought a controlling stake in the club. ENIC is controlled by Joseph Lewis. Levy was before this a director of the Scottish football club Rangers, in which ENIC held a significant stake. Before this, ENIC has also controlled many other European football clubs including AEK Athens, Slavia Prague and Vicenza. ENIC has also had power in non-football companies such as Warner Bros. and Autonomy.

He has changed many managers since becoming chairman, like (George Graham, Glenn Hoddle, David Pleat and Jacques Santini). When Martin Jol was manager, the team finished at 5th place in the Premier League and they qualified for the UEFA Cup also.

In summer of 2011, Chelsea tried to sign Tottenham's important player Luke Modric. But, Levy refused to sell Modric. After that, the club have started season 2011/12 very nicely and have won many matches in the Premier League.

Daniel Levy is married. He has four children- Joshua, Oliver, Chloe and Gabriella. He has a degree from Cambridge University in Land Economy.

Municipalities in Japan

There are three main types of municipalities in Japan: 

There is a fourth type of municipality — the 23 special wards of Tokyo. 

In 1878, the national government enacted the "Municipalities Formation Law", the "Prefectural Assemblies Act", and the "Local Tax Ordinance". Japan was organized into three levels of government: 

In 1889, the ""shikuchōson" was refined to create 39 cities and 15,820 towns and villages. The "Municipal Government Act" was a blend of Japanese customs and Prussia’s local government system. 

After 1898, local officials were elected in municipal elections.

Since the 19th century, Japan has been divided into 47 prefectures; and each prefecture has many districts and municipalities.

In 1947, the "Local Autonomy Law" (LAL) further refined Japan's municipalities.



Sodom and Gomorrah

Sodom and Gomorrah are two ancient cities mentioned in the "Book of Genesis". Both cities were destroyed by fire from God because of their sexual wickednesses including rape, child sexual abuse,and indecent assault, as well as homosexuality. Some scholars believe that the cities were in Moab, east of the southern edge of the Dead Sea. The word "sodomy" (anal sex) is derived from Sodom. The story of Sodom and Gomorrah was made into a movie in 1963.

God tells Abraham He plans to destroy Sodom because of its wickedness. Abraham gets God to promise to spare it if ten good men can be found.

Lot, Abraham's relative, lives in Sodom. He is visited by three men who are angels. An interpretation by some scholars is that the men of Sodom want to have anal sex with these visitors. Lot refuses to allow this. He offers the Sodomites his two virgin daughters instead. The men decline the offer. They storm Lot's door. The angels rescue Lot. They tell Lot that God has sent them to destroy Sodom for its wickness and self interest. They order Lot to gather his family, and leave the city. They forbid Lot or any of his family to look upon the city during its destruction. Lot and his family flee. Lot's wife looks back at the city. She is turned into a pillar of salt.

Tradeston Bridge

The Tradeston Bridge, also known as the Squiggly Bridge, is a pedestrian bridge that opened on May 14, 2009. It crosses the River Clyde in Glasgow to the districts of Anderston on the north bank with Tradeston on the south bank.


Windsor Railway Bridge

Windsor Railway Bridge is a wrought iron 'tied arch' bridge in Windsor, Berkshire. It was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, and carried Brunel's Great Western Railway (GWR) branch line from Slough to Windsor (Windsor and Eton Central station). It crosses the River Thames between Romney Lock and Boveney Lock.

The bridge is a single-span structure with three bowstring trusses which created two bays for the original two GWR tracks. The bridge is the world's oldest wrought iron bridge still in regular service. It is a forerunner for Brunel's last masterpiece, the Royal Albert Bridge, Saltash. The bridge was Grade II* listed in 1975.

The line opened in 1849. The construction of the line was delayed and could not be included in the original Parliamentary Act because of objections from the Provost of Eton College.
The brick viaduct was constructed between 1861–65 to replace the original wooden trestle viaduct.

Although the bridge was built to take two tracks, the track on the upstream side was removed when the line was rationalised in the 1960s. The trackbed on this side now carries a sewage or water main pipe.

Saint Sebastian

Sebastian (died c. 268) was a Christian saint and martyr. He is said to have been killed during the Roman emperor Diocletian's persecution of Christians. He is usually depicted in art and literature tied to a post or tree and shot with arrows. This is the most common artistic depiction of Sebastian. However, he was rescued and healed by Irene of Rome. He then criticized the emperor, and was clubbed to death. He is venerated in both the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox churches.

Menace II Society

Menace II Society, released May 26, 1993 by New Line Cinema, is an American urban crime drama movie set in and around South Central Los Angeles. It is rated R by the MPAA for violence, intense language and drug use. Several different versions exist for this motion picture. The character Caine was originally supposed to be played by Spice-1, but he was replaced by Tyrin Turner. The character Sharif was originally supposed to be played by Tupac Shakur, although Shakur was later fired due to a dispute in which he wanted to play the character O-Dog. Larenz Tate later played O-Dog. A prison riot scene was cut from this motion picture to avoid receiving an NC-17. "Menace II Society" received positive reviews by critics.

Aurelius and Natalia

Aurelius and Natalia (died 852) were Christian martyrs who were put to death during the reign of Abd ar-Rahman II, Emir of Córdoba. They are counted among the Martyrs of Córdoba. Aurelius and his wife Natalia were both the offspring of Muslim fathers. They were secretly Christians. Aurelius's cousin Felix and his wife Liliosa were also Christians. Under Sharia Law, all four of them were required to profess Islam. In time though all four began to openly profess the Christian faith. The two women would go about in public with their faces unveiled. They were all swiftly arrested as apostates from Islam. They were given four days to recant. They refused, and were beheaded. They were martyred with a local monk, George. He had openly spoken out against the Islamic prophet Mohammed. He had been offered a pardon as a foreigner. He chose instead to denounce Islam again and die with the others. They are considered saints in the Roman Catholic Church. Their feast day is July 27.


Charlotte Corday

Charlotte Corday (Marie-Anne Charlotte de Corday d'Armont, 27 July 1768 – 17 July 1793), was a figure of the French Revolution. In 1793, she was sent to the guillotine for the assassination of Jacobin leader Jean-Paul Marat. She blamed Marat for the more extreme course the Revolution had taken. He played a large role in the takedown of the Girondins. Corday believed in the Girondins' cause. In 1847, writer Alphonse de Lamartine gave Corday the nickname " (the Angel of Assassination).

Charlotte Corday was born in Saint-Saturnin-des-Ligneries, Orne in Normandy, France in 1768. Corday was from a family of minor aristocrats.

When Corday was a girl, her older sister and their mother, Charlotte Marie Jacqueline Gaultier de Mesnival died. Her father sent Corday and her younger sister to a convent in Caen. In the convent's library, Corday read the writing of Plutarch, Rousseau, and Voltaire After 1791, Corday lived in Caen with her cousin, Madame Le Coustellier de Bretteville-Gouville. They were very close. Corday was going to inherit her cousin's estate.

As the French Revolution became more and more extreme, Corday began to support the s even more. She loved their speeches and liked many of the Girondins she met in Caen very much. She decided that she needed to do what the Girondins were doing. She thought that they were the party that would save France from the radicalism of the Jacobins. The Jacobins believed that France would be saved only by terrifying the people into obedience. They believed that violence was the only way. Corday and the Girondins did not agree with this approach. Corday decided to kill Marat, because she believed he was the most radical. She believed this because she blamed him for the September Massacres.

Jean-Paul Marat was a member of the radical Jacobin party that led the Reign of Terror. He wrote an important and widely read newspaper called " (the Friend of the People). Corday also blamed Marat for the civil war she thought would happen in France. She believed that Marat was bad for the future of France and that his death would stop the violence in France. She also believed that Louis XVI should not have been executed.

On July 9th, 1793, Corday left her cousin's estate and went to Paris, where she bought a knife. At her hotel, she wrote a letter to the French people. In the letter, she explained why she had killed Marat. She called it "" ("Address to the French people, friends of law and peace").

At first, she planned to assassinate Marat in front of the entire National Convention. However, Marat did not attend meetings anymore, because of a skin disease. She changed her plan and went to his home. The first time she came, Marat's wife, Simonne Evrard, did not let her come in. When she came back in the evening, Marat let her in. She gave him the names of Girondins in Caen, and he wrote them down. Then, she stabbed him with the knife she had bought. Marat called "" ("help me, my dear friend!") to his wife and died.

David, one of Marat's friends painted Marat's body. The painting became famous.
The moment was also painted by Baudry.

Corday said that she had planned to kill Marat alone. There was no evidence against this. Corday said that she "killed one man to save a hundred thousand" at her trial. 

Four days after she killed Marat, Corday was execution via guillotine. 

Corday's plan worked, but it also failed. The violence in France did not stop. Marat became a martyr. 

Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex

Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex, KG (10 November 1565 – 25 February 1601) was an English nobleman and a favourite of Elizabeth I. He was politically ambitious, and a committed general. He was placed under house arrest following a poor campaign in Ireland during the Nine Years' War in 1599. In 1601 he led an abortive "coup d'état" against the government and was executed for treason. His story has been told in art and literature. Two well known examples are the opera "Roberto Devereux" by Gaetano Donizetti and the movie "The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex" starring Bette Davis and Errol Flynn. 

Robert Devereux was one of Elizabeth I’s suitors, meaning he wanted to marry her.

The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex

The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex is a 1939 historical movie. It is about the relationship between Queen Elizabeth I and Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex. The movie stars Bette Davis and Errol Flynn. The movie was directed by Michael Curtiz. It was based on the Maxwell Anderson play, "Elizabeth the Queen".

The play had been a Broadway success with Lynn Fontanne and Alfred Lunt in the lead roles. The supporting cast in the movie included Olivia de Havilland, Donald Crisp, Henry Daniell, Henry Stephenson, and Vincent Price. The score was composed by Erich Wolfgang Korngold. He later used a theme from the movie in his "Symphony in F sharp major".

The Technicolor cinematography was by Sol Polito. The elaborate costumes were designed by Orry-Kelly. The movie was a Warner Brothers production. The movie was a hit. It received five Academy Award nominations including Best Color Cinematography. Bette Davis was expected to receive a nomination. She was nominated instead for "Dark Victory".

Batman Bridge

The Batman Bridge crosses the Tamar River in northern Tasmania, about 30 km north of Launceston. It was opened on 18 May 1968 by the Premier of Tasmania, Eric Reece. When it was built it was one of the first cable-stayed truss bridges in the world. It provides access between the north east and north west of Tasmania. It was named after John Batman, a Tasmanian pioneer and the founder of the city of Melbourne. 

The bridge is held up by cables connected to a high A frame tower on the west bank. This tower is not straight, but leans out over the river. The bridge is in length. The main span over the river is and with a span on the western shore of . The eastern side is approached by four continuous viaduct spans. The bridge is above the high water level. The steel deck has room for two lanes of traffic and a walk way for people on both sides.

The bridge is built at the narrowest point on the Tamar River, at Whirlpool Reach. However, the east bank was found to be soft clay which would not support the bridge. The A frame tower on the west bank is built into the bedrock below the surface and supported by steel cables concreted into tunnels in the bedrock. The tower supports the whole weight of the river span of the bridge. 


Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1940)

The 1940 Tacoma Narrows Bridge was the first version of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge. It was a suspension bridge in the U.S. state of Washington. The bridge was built over the Tacoma Narrows strait of Puget Sound between Tacoma and the Kitsap Peninsula. It opened on July 1, 1940. The bridge collapsed into Puget Sound on November 7 of the same year. At that time, it was the third longest suspension bridge in the world in terms of main span length. The Golden Gate Bridge and the George Washington Bridge were the only bridges that were larger.

Construction of the bridge started in September 1938. After the deck was built, the wind caused it to move vertically. Because of this, the people building it gave it the nickname Galloping Gertie. The movement was seen even when the bridge opened to the public. Many things were tried to stop the bridge from moving. None of these things worked. The bridge's main span collapsed under winds on the morning of November 7, 1940.

Because of World War II, the bridge could not be built again at that time. The towers and cables of the bridge were still in place. These and the rest of the bridge were taken apart and sold as scrap metal. In 1950, a new Tacoma Narrows Bridge opened in the same place. It used the first bridge's tower pedestals and cable anchorages. The parts of the bridge that fell into the water are now an artificial reef.

The bridge's collapse had lasting effects on science and engineering. In many physics books, it is used to show resonance. Its collapse also helped increase research in the field of bridge aerodynamics-aeroelastics. This has affected the designs of all the world's large long-span bridges built since 1940.

People wanted a bridge built between Tacoma and the Kitsap Peninsula since the late 1800s. In 1889, the Northern Pacific Railway wanted to build a trestle there. The Tacoma Chamber of Commerce began working toward getting the money to build a bridge in 1923. Many well known bridge engineers were talked to about the bridge. These included Joseph B. Strauss and David B. Steinman. Later in time, Strauss was the main engineer of the Golden Gate Bridge and he designed the Mackinac Bridge. Steinman went to the area many times. He created a plan for the bridge in 1929. By 1931, the Chamber chose not to follow his plan because they thought Steinman was not doing enough to help get money to pay for the bridge. Another problem with paying for the bridge was buying out the ferry contract from a company that was running service on the Narrows at the time.

The Washington State legislature created the Washington State Toll Bridge Authority and gave $5,000 to study the request by Tacoma and Pierce County for a bridge.

From the start, getting money to pay for the bridge was a problem. Money earned from tolls on the bridge would not be enough to pay for the bridge's construction. There was support for the bridge from the U.S. Navy and Army. The Navy had a shipyard in Bremerton. The Army had McChord Field and Fort Lewis near Tacoma. The bridge would be useful to both the Army and Navy.

Clark Eldridge, an engineer working for the state, created a suspension bridge design. This design was similar to the design of many other suspension bridges. It was a design that had be shown to work very well at other places. The Washington Toll Bridge Authority asked for $11 million from the Federal Public Works Administration (PWA). Early construction plans by the Washington Department of Highways had a set of 25-foot-deep (7.6m) girders to sit beneath the roadway. These would make the roadway more stiff so it would not move easily.

Leon Moisseiff had other ideas about building the bridge. Moisseiff was a well known New York bridge engineer. He was the designer and consultant engineer for the Golden Gate Bridge. Moisseiff talked to the PWA and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC) about building the bridge for less money. He suggested that they use shallower supports—girders that were only deep. His ideas meant the bridge would be slimmer but they reduced the construction costs. Moisseiff's design was chosen. The other design was said to cost too much. On June 23, 1938, the PWA approved nearly $6 million for the Tacoma Narrows Bridge. Tolls from the bridge would earn another $1.6 million pay for the estimated total $8 million cost.

Using Moisseiff's design, bridge construction began on September 27, 1938. Construction took only nineteen months. It cost $6.4 million. The Tacoma Narrows Bridge, with a main span of , was the third-longest suspension bridge in the world at that time. The two larger bridges were the George Washington Bridge between New Jersey and New York City, and the Golden Gate Bridge, just north of San Francisco.

Because the bridge was not expected to have large amounts of traffic, the bridge was designed with only two lanes. It was just wide. This was quite narrow given how long it was. With only the -deep girders to give it extra depth, the bridge's roadway was very shallow.

The shallow and narrow girders are what caused the bridge to collapse. With such small girders, the deck of the bridge was not rigid enough. It was easily moved by the winds. The bridge was well known for its movement. A small wind could make the center span move several feet during four- to five-second intervals. This was seen by the builders and workmen during construction. It caused some of the workers to name the bridge "Galloping Gertie." Even the public felt these motions on the day that the bridge opened on July 1, 1940.

Another reason the bridge swayed and then fell was its solid sides. This did not allow wind to pass through the bridge's deck. This design allowed the bridge to catch the wind and sway, which ultimately took it down.

Because the bridge moved so much while it was being built, many ideas were used to make it move less. They included


The Washington Toll Bridge Authority hired Professor Frederick Burt Farquharson to make tests of the bridge in a wind-tunnel. He was an engineering professor at the University of Washington. Professor Farquharson and his students built a 1:200-scale model of the bridge and a 1:20-scale model of a section of the deck. The first studies ended on November 2, 1940. This was five days before the bridge collapse on November 7. He found two ways to fix the problem:
The first option was not not liked because of if the changes were done, they could not be undone. The second option was the chosen one. It was not done because the bridge collapsed five days later.

The collapse happened on November 7, 1940, at 11:00 a.m. (Pacific time). It was caused by physical phenomenon known as aeroelastic flutter.

Leonard Coatsworth, a "Tacoma News Tribune" editor was the last person to drive on the bridge. He was driving with his dog, Tubby, over the bridge when the bridge started to vibrate very badly. Coatsworth had to leave his car:

No one died in the collapse of the bridge. Tubby, a black male cocker spaniel, was the only death of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge disaster. The dog was lost along with Coatsworth's car. Professor Farquharson and a news photographer tried to save Tubby, but the dog was too scared to leave the car. He bit one of the people trying to save him. Tubby died when the bridge fell. Neither his body nor the car were ever recovered. Coatsworth had been driving Tubby back to his daughter. She was the owner of the dog. Coatsworth was payed US $450 for his car and $364.40 for what was in the car. This included Tubby.

Theodore von Kármán was one of the people who tried to learn what caused the collapse. He was the director of the Guggenheim Aeronautical Laboratory and a well known aerodynamicist. He said that the State of Washington could not get money from one of the insurance policies for the bridge. This was because its insurance agent had fraudulently taken the insurance payments. The agent, Hallett R. French worked for the Merchant's Fire Assurance Company. He was charged with grand larceny for keeping the payments for $800,000 worth of insurance. The bridge was insured by many other policies. These covered 80% of the $5.2 million bridge's value. Most of these were payed without problems.

On November 28, 1940, the U.S. Navy's Hydrographic Office said that the parts of the bridge were at geographical coordinates , at a depth of 180 feet (55 meters).

The collapse of the bridge was recorded on movie by Barney Elliott. He was the owner of a local camera store. The movie shows Leonard Coatsworth leaving the bridge after exiting his car. In 1998, "The Tacoma Narrows Bridge Collapse" was chosen for preservation in the United States National movie Registry by the Library of Congress. It was chosen because it was culturally, historically, or aesthetically important. This footage is still shown to engineering, architecture, and physics students as an example of what can go wrong. Elliot's movies of the construction and collapse of the bridge were shot on 16 mm Kodachrome movie. Most copies are in black and white. This is because newsreels of the day copied the movie onto 35 mm black-and-white stock.

A commission formed by the Federal Works Agency studied the collapse of the bridge. It included Othmar Ammann and Theodore von Kármán. They looked at three possible reasons for the collapse:

Efforts to save the bridge started after its collapse. They continued into May 1943. It was decided that the bridge could not be repaired. The entire bridge would have to be taken down. A new bridge would have to be built. At the time, the United States was dealing with World War II. This meant the steel that would be needed to built the bridge was needed for the war. Steel from the old bridge cables and the suspension span was sold melted down. It cost the state more to destroy the bridge than it earned by selling the materials. The state lost over $350,000.

The cable anchorages, tower pedestals and most of the substructure were not damaged badly in the collapse. They were used again during construction of the new bridge that opened in 1950. The towers were badly damaged. They were taken down. The steel in them was sold to be melted down.

The parts of the bridge that fell into the water below are now a large artificial reef. They are listed on the National Register of Historic Places with reference number 92001068.

Othmar Ammann is a leading bridge designer. He is also a member of the Federal Works Agency Commission that looked at the causes of the collapse of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge. He wrote:

The Bronx Whitestone Bridge has a design that is much like the 1940 Tacoma Narrows Bridge. It was reinforced after the collapse. Fourteen-foot-high (4.3 m) steel trusses were added on both sides of the deck in 1943. These add weight to the bridge and make it more stiff. This was done to reduce oscillation. In 2003, the trusses were removed. Aerodynamic fiberglass fairings were added along both sides of the road deck.

Because of materials and labor shortages caused by World War II, it took 10 years before a new bridge was opened. This bridge was opened to traffic on October 14, 1950. It is long — longer than Galloping Gertie. The new bridge carries 4 lanes compared to the other bridge built in 1940 which only carried 2 lanes.

Half a century later, the new bridge had more traffic than it could handle. A second, parallel suspension bridge was built to double the capacity and to carry eastbound traffic. The suspension bridge that was completed in 1950 was changed to only carry westbound traffic once the new suspension bridge opened. The new parallel bridge opened to traffic in July 2007.



West Gate Bridge

The West Gate Bridge is a bridge across the Yarra River, near Melbourne, Victoria in Australia. It is the third longest bridge in Australia. The bridge's length, including the approaches is . Work began on the bridge on 22 April 1968. It was opened on 15 November 1978 at a cost of AU$202 million. It was the scene of Australia's worst industrial accident when part of the bridge collapsed in October 1970. The accident killed 35 men and injured 18 others.

The bridge is a box girder and cable-stayed bridge. The bridge deck is above the water level to allow ships to pass underneath. The supporting pylons are high, and help support a span of . The bridge is wide. It carries eight lanes of traffic. About 160,000 vehicles travel over the bridge each day.

Problems were first noticed on the West Gate Bridge in May 1970 when several steel girders did not fit into position by about . Engineers proposed putting ten concrete blocks, each weighing about 8 tons, onto the girders to bend them into the correct position. In September 1970 it was noticed that this had caused part of the girder to buckle. On 15 October, the engineers began removing the bolts holding the buckled girders in place. This would allow the steel to unbuckle and new steel could be put up to support the damaged section. At 11:50 am the damaged section collapsed. Workers both on and under the bridge were killed when the 2,000 ton section fell to the ground. In the end, 35 men were killed and 18 were injured.

The Blair Witch Project

The Blair Witch Project is a 1999 American independent supernatural horror movie. It was written and directed by Daniel Myrick and Eduardo Sánchez and produced by the Haxan Films production company.

This movie was put together from amateur footage and relates the story of three student filmmakers (Heather Donahue, Joshua Leonard, and Michael C. Williams) who disappeared while hiking in the Black Hills near Burkittsville, Maryland in 1994 to film a documentary about a local legend known as the Blair Witch. The viewers are told the three were never seen or heard from again, although their video and sound equipment (along with most of the footage they shot) was discovered a year later. This "recovered footage" is presented as the viewer is watching the movie.

"The Blair Witch Project" was first shown at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival. It was released by Artisan on 30 July 1999 after months of publicity, including a ground-breaking campaign by the studio to use the Internet and suggest that the film was a record of real events. The distribution strategy for "The Blair Witch Project" was created and implemented by Artisan studio executive Steven Rothenberg. The movie was positively received by critics and went on to gross over US$248 million worldwide, making it one of the most successful independent movies of all time. The DVD was released in December 1999 and presented only in fullscreen.

In October 1994, movie students Heather Donahue, Michael C. Williams and Joshua Leonard set out to make a documentary about the fabled Blair Witch. They travel to Burkittsville, Maryland, which the town was used to be called Blair. They interview people living in the local area about the legend of the Blair Witch. The local people tell them of Rustin Parr, a hermit who kidnapped seven children in the 1940s and brought them to his house in the woods, where he tortured and killed them. Parr brought the children into his home's basement in pairs, forcing the first child to face the corner and listen to their companion's screams as he murdered the second child. Parr would then murder the first child. Eventually turning himself in to the police, Parr later pleaded insanity, saying that the spirit of Elly Kedward, a witch hanged in the 18th century, had been terrorizing him for some time and promised to leave him alone if he murdered the kids. The three students also interviews Mary Brown, a local eccentric who tells them that she had encountered the Blair Witch as a child.

The second day, the students begin to explore the woods in north Burkittsville to look for evidence of the Blair Witch. Along the way, a fisherman warns them that the woods are haunted, and recalls a time that he had seen strange mist rising from the water. The students hike to Coffin Rock, where five men were found ritualistically murdered in the 19th century, and then camp for the night. The next day they move deeper into the woods, despite being uncertain of their exact location on the map. They eventually locate what appears to be an old cemetery with seven small cairns. They set up camp nearby and then return to the cemetery after dark. They later hear crackling sounds in the darkness that seem to be coming from all directions and assume the noises are from animals or locals following them.

That same following day they attempt to return to their car, but cannot find their way; they try until it is night time, when they are forced to set camp. That night, they hear crackling noises again, but they cannot see anything. The next morning they find three cairns have been built around their tent during the night. As they continue trying to find their way out of the woods, Heather realizes that her map is missing, and Mike later reveals that he kicked it into a creek out of frustration the previous day. Josh and Heather get angry at Mike. They then realize they are now hopelessly lost, and decide to simply "head south". Soon, they discover a multitude of humanoid stick figures suspended from trees. That night, they hear more strange noises, including the sounds of children and bizarre "morphing" sounds. When an unknown force shakes the tent, they flee in a panic and hide in the woods until it is morning. Upon returning to their tent, they find that their possessions have been rifled through, and Josh's equipment is covered with slime, causing them to question why only his belongings were affected. As the day wears on, they pass a log over a stream that was identical to the one they had passed earlier, despite having traveled directly south all day, and again set camp, completely demoralized at having wasted the entire day seemingly going in circles, with Josh outside on guard duty.

Josh disappears the next morning. After a while of finding him, Mike and Heather eventually break camp and slowly move on. That night, they hear Josh screaming in the darkness, but are not able to find him. The next morning, Heather finds a bundle of sticks and fabric outside their tent. Later inspection reveals it contains blood-soaked scraps of Josh's shirt, as well as teeth and hair, but she does not mention this to Mike.

That night, Heather records herself apologizing to the co-producers of her project as well as her family, and starts to cry, finally admitting her fate. Later, they again hear Josh crying for help, but this time they follow them and discover an abandoned house in the woods. Hanging on the front of the house is the same human stick figure that they saw in the woods. Mike runs upstairs, following the voice, while Heather tries to follow. Mike then claims he hears Josh in the basement. He follows the sound and, after what seems to be a struggle, goes silent and drops to the floor. Heather runs down to the basement screaming for Mike, but she does not hear Mike. She then enters the basement looking for both men, and her camera catches a glimpse of Mike facing the wall. Heather then screams as she and her camera drop to the floor. There is only silence as the footage ends.

"The Blair Witch Project" was developed by the filmmakers. The script was written in 1988. It began with a 68-page outline, with the dialogue to be improvised. According to the directors of the movie, they advertised in "Back Stage" magazine for actors with strong improvisational abilities. There was a very informal improvisational audition process to narrow the total amount of 2,000 actors. In talks with investors of the movie, they presented an eight-minute documentary along with newspapers and news footage. This documentary, originally called "The Blair Witch Project: The Story of Black Hills Disappearances" was produced by Haxan Films. In the movie, the Blair Witch is, according to legend, the ghost of Elly Kedward, a woman banished from the Blair Township (latter-day Burkittsville) for witchcraft in 1785. The directors incorporated that part of the legend, along with allusions to the Salem Witch Trials and "The Crucible", to play on the themes of injustice done on those who were called witches. They were influenced by "The Shining", "Alien" and "The Omen." "Jaws" was an influence as well, presumably because the witch was hidden from the viewer for the entirety of the film, forcing suspense from the unknown.

The movie was shot for only eight days in October 1998. Most of the movie was filmed in the tiny Seneca Creek State Park in Montgomery County, Maryland, although a few scenes were filmed in the real town of Burkittsville. Some of the townspeople interviewed in the film were not actors, and some were planted actors, unknown to the main cast. Donahue had never operated a camera before, and spent two days in a "crash course". Donahue said she modeled her character after a director she once worked with, citing the character's self assuredness when everything went as planned, and confusion during crisis. The three actors filmed the whole movie with only two cameras. They recorded using Heather's video camera and a 16mm camera that can record video in black and white. The apparent use of handheld camera, and the coarse grained picture supports clearly the film's documentary feel. The strange recording method is also based on the actors who did not know the movie's story in detail. The three actors were dragged into the woods, and almost tortured with the cold weather, food shortages and spooky sounds.

During filming, the actors were given clues as to their next location through messages given in milk crates found with Global Positioning Satellite systems. They were given individual instructions that they would use to help improvise the action of the day. Teeth were obtained from a Maryland dentist for use as human remains in the film. Influenced by producer Gregg Hale's memories of his military training, in which "enemy soldiers" would hunt a trainee through wild terrain for three days, the directors moved the characters far during the day, harassing them by night and depriving them of food.

Almost 19 hours of usable recorded footage had to be edited down to 90 minutes. Editing took more than eight months. Originally it was hoped that the movie would make it on to cable television, and the filmmakers did not anticipate wide release. The initial investment by the three University of Central Florida filmmakers was about US$35,000. Artisan acquired the film for US$1.1 million but spent US$25 million to market it. The actors signed a "small" agreement to receive some of the profits from the film's release.

A list of production budget figures have circulated over the years, appearing as low as $20,000. Sánchez revealed in an interview that when principal photography first wrapped, approximately $20,000 to $25,000 had been spent. Other figures list a final budget ranging between $500,000 and $750,000.

"The Blair Witch Project" grossed $248,639,099 worldwide, compared to its final budget, which ranged between $20,000 and $750,000. The movie received critically positive reviews. Rotten Tomatoes says that out of 133 reviews for the movie, 85% of these reviews were positive.

Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun Times" gave the movie four out of four stars. He called it "an extraordinarily effective horror film". It was listed on Filmcritic.com as the 50th best movie ending of all time. Critics praised Donahue's apology to the camera near the end of the movie, saying it would cause "nightmares for years to come"; Roger Ebert showed how much different this sequence to Robert Scott's final journal entries as he froze to death in the Antarctic. Donahue said that there was a considerable backlash against her because she was starring in the movie. Her claims led to her having threatening encounters and difficulty obtaining employment.

"The Blair Witch Project" is thought to be the first widely released film marketed primarily on the internet. The film's official website featured fake police reports and 'newsreel-style' interviews. Due to this, audiences and critics initially thought it was an actual documentary about the 'missing' teenagers. These augmented the film's convincing found footage style to spark heated debates across the internet over whether the film was a real-life documentary or a work of fiction.

"The Blair Witch Project" was given a Global Film Critics Award for Best Screenplay and won the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award. In 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" named "The Blair Witch Project" one of "the 100 best films from 1983 to 2008", ranking it at #99. In 2006, Chicago Film Critics Association listed it as one of the "Top 100 Scariest Movies", ranking it #12.

Despite its positive reviews, the movie was nominated for the 1999 Razzie Award for Worst Picture. Heather Donahue won a Razzie Award for Worst Actress. The movie also became controversial for it's shaky footage, especially the final sequence in which the camera operator is running down a set of stairs with the camera. Some viewers had gotten motion sickness and even vomited as a result.

A sequel, "Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2", was released in the autumn of 2000, but was poorly received by most critics. A third installment was announced that same year but did not materialize. On September 2, 2009, it was announced that co-directors Eduardo Sanchez and Daniel Myrick were pitching the third film.

"The Blair Witch Project" was released on DVD on October 26, 1999, with VHS and laser disc versions released around the same time. Unlike the widescreen theatrical release, this DVD is presented in a 1.33:1 aspect ratio. The DVD has a number of special features, including "The Curse of the Blair Witch" and "The Blair Witch Legacy" featurettes, newly discovered footage, director and producer commentary, production notes, cast & crew bios and trailers. A Blu-ray release from Lionsgate was released on October 5, 2010, also in 1.33:1 format.


The Helix Bridge

The Helix Bridge (before called the Double Helix Bridge) is a pedestrian bridge across the opening to Marina Bay in Singapore. It links the new Marina Centre with Marina South. It is located beside the Benjamin Sheares Bridge and the Bayfront Bridge, which are for vehicles (cars, etc.). It was first opened on 24 April 2010, but part of it stayed closed because of nearby construction. The whole bridge was opened on 18 July 2010. It was the last link in the pedestrian walkway that goes all the way around Marina Bay. The bridge is also used as an art gallery where children's paintings and drawings are shown to the public.

The bridge was built as part of a major development plan in the area. Other projects included the huge modern-style Marina Bay Sands hotel and casino, the Singapore Flyer, the Gardens by the Bay, and a business and financial zone. All of it was to be finished by 2012.

The team who designed the bridge included Australian and Singaporean architects. The main design idea is based on the double helix model of DNA. This can be seen best at night, when the bridge is lit up by a series of lights that show the double helix structure. Pairs of coloured letters ("c" and "g", as well as "a" and "t") on the bridge which are lit up in red and green. They represent cytosine, guanine, adenine and thymine, the four bases of DNA.

The bridge has four viewing platforms that give views over the Singapore skyline and events happening within Marina Bay.

The bridge is made of about 650 tonnes of stainless steel and 1000 tonnes of carbon steel. The construction of the bridge was done by two local engineering and construction companies.
Type of bridge 
The Helix Bridge is a temporary Truss bridge. As you probably already know the Helix Bridge can only support living beings. The support is by triangle beams. The Helix Bridge has triangle beams because the triangle is the strongest shape for building and so they made triangle beams to support the bridge. Now it is


Ross Bridge

Ross Bridge is an historic bridge in the town of Ross in central Tasmania, Australia, completed in July 1836. It crosses the Macquarie River. It replaced an earlier bridge built in 1822 made of uncemented stone piers, with a road surface of logs and clay. This bridge was repaired after several piers fell down in 1828, and the bridge finally collapsed in 1831.

The sandstone bridge was built by convicts. It is the third oldest bridge still in use in Australia. The bridge was designed by architect John Lee Archer. Several attempts were made to build a new bridge. Corrupt officials sold materials the government had bought to make the bridge. Archer changed his designs, and a number of different overseers were put in charge. It was not until two convict stonemasons, James Colbeck and Daniel Herbert joined the building team that any progress was made. In 13 months they completed the bridge on which work had started seven years earlier. Herbert is responsible the detailed carvings along both sides of the bridge.



Spean Praptos

Spean Praptos (Khmer: ស្ពានប្រាប់ទិស) is an ancient stone bridge in Cambodia. It is on the road from Angkor to Phnom Chisor, near the village of Kampong Kdei. It used to be the longest stone-arch bridge in the world. It has more than 20 arches spanning 285 ft (87m). The bridge was built in the 12th century during the reign of the Khmer emperor Jayavarman VII.

Carly Rae Jepsen

Carly Rae Jepsen (born November 21, 1985) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress. She was born in Mission, British Columbia to Alexandra Lanzarotta and Larry Jepsen. 

She first came to public attention in 2007 by being a contestant on the fifth season of "Canadian Idol", where she came third. Her debut album "Tug of War" was released on 30 September 2008. In 2011 her single "Call Me Maybe" was released. It is the best selling single by a female artist of the 21st century, and topped the charts not only in her home country of Canada, but also in the United States. 

Her first EP "Curiosity" and her second album "Kiss" were both released in 2012. In 2015, she released "Emotion", a pop album inspired by the music of the 1980s, which gained a cult following as well as very positive critical reviews. The album's first single "I Really Like You" charted in several countries such as the United Kingdom, where it reached number 3. She released her second EP "" in 2016 featuring eight tracks that were cut from "Emotion".



Richmond Bridge (Tasmania)

The Richmond Bridge is a historic bridge in Richmond, north of Hobart in Tasmania, Australia. It is the oldest bridge still in use in Australia.

The foundation stone for the Richmond Bridge was laid on 11 December 1823 and the bridge was built by convicts. It was completed in 1825. The bridge was originally named Bigge's Bridge after Royal Commissioner, John Thomas Bigge, who recognised the need for the bridge in 1820.

In 2005, the bridge was recognised as an outstanding historic place and added to the Australian National Heritage List.

In 1832 a guard from the Richmond Gaol was murdered at Richmond bridge. George Grover work including flogging (whipping) the prisoners. He was hated by the convicts. He died after being pushed off the edge of Richmond Bridge while drunk. No one was convicted of his murder.

The Richmond Bridge is made from sandstone dug at Butchers Hill, and carried by convicts using hand carts. It has four main arches, with spans of , , , , and . These arches rise from sloping fins with angular leading edges pointed to the flow of the river.


Red Bridge (Tasmania)

The Red Bridge in Tasmania crosses the Elizabeth River at Campbell Town. It was built between 1836 and 1838 by convicts using red clay bricks made on site. It has a solid stone base with sandstone piers and cappings. It is the oldest brick arch bridge in Australia, as well as the oldest bridge anywhere on an Australian National Highway. The bridge has three arches with spans of each. It is wide enough for two lanes of traffic as well as pedestrian walkways. It is on the Midland Highway, about halfway between Hobart and Launceston, and carries over two million vehicles per year.

It is said to have been designed by James Blackburn, an architect and a convict who had been sent to Tasmania for the crime of forgery. It was made from 1,250,000 hand-made bricks on dry land. After it was finished the course of the river was changed to flow under the bridge.

The Red Bridge is registered on the Register of the National Estate since 1978.


Cable-stayed bridge

A cable-stayed bridge is a bridge that has one or more columns (called "towers" or "pylons"), with cables directly supporting the bridge deck.

There are two main types of cable-stayed bridges. In the "harp" design, the cables are nearly parallel. This is done by attaching them to various points on the tower(s). The height of attachment of each cable on the tower is similar to the distance from the tower along the roadway to its lower attachment. In a "fan" design, the cables all connect to or pass over the top of the tower(s).

Compared to other bridge types, the cable-stayed is best for longer spans than used for cantilever bridges, and shorter than those needing a suspension bridge. Cantilever spans become too heavy if they were made longer. A cable-stay bridge is cheaper to build than a suspension bridge over a short distance.

Pontoon bridge

A pontoon bridge is a bridge that floats on water. It is a floating bridge with barges or boats ('pontoons') to support the bridge deck. 

Pontoon bridges are usually temporary structures, but some are used for long periods. Permanent floating bridges are useful for sheltered (quiet) water-crossings. It may be too expensive to suspend a bridge from anchored piers. Pontoon bridges may need a section that is elevated, or can be raised or removed, to allow ships to pass.

Pontoon bridges are often used in wartime as river crossings. They are usually temporary, and are sometimes destroyed after crossing (to keep the enemy from using them), or collapsed and carried (if on a long march). They were used to great advantage in many battles. Pontoon bridges have been in use since ancient times. It is thought that the first London Bridge was a Roman pontoon bridge. Roman legions had men and equipment to build pontoon bridges, and often made them. The first pontoon bridge was made by the Zhou Dynasty. 

Cantilever bridge

A cantilever bridge is a bridge built using a . A cantilever is only supported on one end. For small footbridges, the cantilevers may be simple beams. For large cantilever bridges, designed for road or rail traffic the cantilevers are trusses built from structural steel, or box girders built from prestressed concrete. The steel truss cantilever bridge was a major engineering breakthrough when it was first used, because it can span distances of over . They can be more easily built at difficult crossings as they do not need to be supported during the construction.

Engineers in the nineteenth century knew that a bridge built across multiple supports would distribute the loads among them. This meant there would be lower stresses in the girder or truss and meant that longer spans could be built. Several nineteenth century engineers designed continuous bridges with hinge points mid-span. The use of a hinge in the multi-span system meant that engineers could better work out the loads and stresses on the bridge It also meant the bridge could handle the foundations settling at different rates.

Heinrich Gerber was one of the engineers to obtain a patent for a hinged girder (1866) and is recognized as the first to build one. The Hassfurt Bridge over the Main river in Germany has a central span of 124 feet (38 meters). Completed in 1867, it was the first modern cantilever bridge. Other early cantilever bridges included the High Bridge of Kentucky by C. Shaler Smith (1877), the Niagara Cantilever Bridge by Charles Conrad Schneider (1883) and the Poughkeepsie Bridge by John Francis O'Rourke and Pomeroy P. Dickinson (1889). The Kentucky River Bridge spanned a gorge that was 275 feet (84 meters) deep. It was built with a cantilever which meant that it did not need to be supported during the building. The most famous early cantilever bridge is the Forth Rail Bridge. This bridge held the record for longest span in the world for 17 years.

Benjamin Baker showed how the cantilever system worked in the photo on the left. The suspended span, where Kaichi Watanabe sits, is seen in the center. The need to resist compression of the lower chord is seen in the use of wooden poles while the tension of the upper chord is shown by the outstretched arms. The action of the outer foundations as anchors for the cantilever can be seen in the placement of the counterweights.

A simple cantilever span is formed by two cantilever arms extending from opposite sides of the obstacle to be crossed, meeting at the center. With a suspended span, the cantilever arms do not meet in the center; instead, they support a central truss bridge which rests on the ends of the cantilever arms. The suspended span may be built off-site and lifted into place, or constructed in place using special traveling supports.

With a balanced cantilever, the span is balanced by cantilevers going in the opposite direction. If these are anchored into solid foundations, they are called anchor arms. In a bridge built on two foundation piers, there are four cantilever arms: two which span the obstacle, and two anchor arms which extend away from the obstacle. Because of the need for more strength at the balanced cantilever's supports, the bridge superstructure often takes the form of towers above the foundation piers. The Commodore Barry Bridge is an example of this type of cantilever bridge.

Steel truss cantilevers support loads by tension of the upper members and compression of the lower ones. Commonly, the structure distributes the tension through the anchor arms to the outermost supports, while the compression is carried to the foundations beneath the central towers.

Prestressed concrete balanced cantilever bridges are often built using segmental construction.

Some steel arch bridges (such as the Navajo Bridge) are built using pure cantilever spans from each side. These are then joined with a pin, usually after forcing the meeting point apart. When the jacks are removed and the bridge decking is added the bridge becomes a truss arch bridge. Such unsupported construction is only possible if suitable rock is available to support the tension in the upper chord of the span during construction, usually limiting this method to the spanning of narrow canyons.

World's longest cantilever bridges (by longest span):


Dallas Clark

Dallas Dean Clark (born June 12, 1979) is an American former professional football tight end. He played a total of 11 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Indianapolis Colts, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Baltimore Ravens. He played college football for the University of Iowa. He was drafted 24th overall in the 2003 NFL Draft, and played his entire nine-year professional career for the Colts. He has been called a "hybrid" tight end due to his rare ability to play both the wide receiver and tight end positions well. However, injuries have made his career more difficult.

Clark played college football for the University of Iowa. Clark played for the Hawkeyes from 1999 through 2002. Clark was a first-team All-Big Ten selection, a first-team All-American, a John Mackey Award winner (2002, is given to the best tight end in college football. He won the Kenny Yana Award at the end of the 2002 season as well, as he helped lead Iowa to the Big Ten title and 11-2 record.

Clark was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts of the NFL in the 1st round (24th overall) of the 2003 NFL Draft. In Indianapolis, Clark wore #44. As a rookie, Clark started 10 games and had 340 receiving yards before his season ended with an injury. Clark continued his solid production over the next couple years, and in 2004 had an 80 yard touchdown, which is "extremely" rare for a tight end.

In 2006, Clark earned a Super Bowl ring when the Colts beat the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI. That season, Clark had 30 catches for 367 yards and four touchdowns.

Clark had his best statistical season yet in 2007, with 58 catches, 616 yards, and 11 scores. Clark followed that up with 848 yards and six scores in the 2008 season.

2009 was Clark's best year. He had another 80 yard score, 100 catches, 1,106 yards, and 10 touchdowns and helped the Colts to another Super Bowl appearance.

Clark mist all but 6 games in 2010 because of anothe injury. This one was suffered against the Washington Redskins. Clark had 37 catches, 347 yards, and 3 scores in 2010 before the injury. Clark also suffered from injuries in 2011, with 34 catches, 352 yards, and two touchdowns before injury.

After a horrible 2011 season, the Colts were in a rebuilding mode. As well as releasing the legendary Peyton Manning, the team also released Clark on March 10, 2012.

On June 18, 2014, Clark signed a one-day contract with the Colts and announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.

Clark and his wife, Karen, live with their son, Dane, in Livermore, Iowa, USA and Zionsville, Indiana.


Marion Barber III

Marion Sylvester Barber III (June 10, 1983 – June 1, 2022) was an American football running back in the National Football League. After playing college football for the Minnesota Golden Gophers, he was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the fourth round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He was selected to the Pro Bowl in 2007 during his six-year career with the Cowboys. He played for the Chicago Bears in 2011. 

Barber played college football for Minnesota Golden Gophers. He had 35 rushing touchdowns, one more than his father, Marion Barber Jr. He and Laurence Maroney helped make the Golphers backfield one of the best in the NCAA. 

Barber was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 4th round (109 overall) of the 2005 NFL Draft. Despite his talent, Barber's career has been harmed by injuries. he never rushed for 1,000 yards or over. He was voted to the Pro Bowl in 2007 after 204 rushing yards, 975 yards, and 10 touchdowns. He added 44 catches, 282 yards, and two receiving touchdowns in 2007.

Barber was released by Dallas after the 2010 season.

Barber was signed by the Chicago Bears as a backup to Matt Forte. His fumble against the Denver Broncos lost the game. In his only season in Chicago, Barber rushed for 442 yards and 6 touchdowns on 114 carries.

On March 23, 2012, Barber announced his retirement. “I want to thank everyone who gave me the opportunity to play, and I’m very thankful to have had the chance to suit up for two of the NFL’s most storied organizations,” Barber said on the Bears' team website.

Barber was the older brother of Houston Texans safety Dominique Barber and the son of former New York Jets running back Marion Barber, Jr..

Barber was found dead in his Frisco, Texas apartment on June 1, 2022, nine days before his 39th birthday.


The Sixth Sense

The Sixth Sense is a 1999 American psychological horror thriller film. It is set in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It stars Haley Joel Osment and Bruce Willis.

It is the second highest-grossing horror movie of all time (behind "It").

Orc

An Orc is a mythical creature. 

In the 20th century, orcs most often refer to the creatures in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth books. Tolkien's orcs are human-shaped creatures, and servitors of evil. 

The word can probably be traced to Orcus. This is a different name for Pluto or Hades. Pliny the Elder writes about orcs in his "Naturalis historia". They are long-toothed sea monsters. Ludovico Ariosto (1474-1533)wrote an epic "Orlando Furioso": There, the virgin Angelica is captured by a sea monster called orc. The hero, Rogero, is able to free her as he rode a Hippogriff. The Latin name of the Killer Whale, "Orcinus orca" is }likely to come from that story. There is another creature called "orc" in "Orlando Furioso": a blind man-eating giant who abducts King Norandin of Damascus and his lover Lucina. This orc cannot be vanquished; only fooled by trickery.

There is another Orc that lives in the Alps. It is a demon living on mountain tops. It sometimes is described as protector of the forest. At other times it is said to be an evil spirit who brings doom to cattle and wild beasts.

From the early Middle Ages, the orc was seen as an evil creature, much like other creatures of Celtic origin.

Hideo Shinojima

Shinojima was born in Nikko on January 21, 1910. In May 1930, when he was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted against Philippines. On May 29, he also played and scored a goal against Republic of China. He played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1930.

After retirement, Shinojima joined Japan Football Association (JFA). In 1965, he became vice-present of JFA. In 1975, he resigned for health reasons.

On February 11, 1975, Shinojima died of heart failure in Minato, Tokyo at the age of 65. In 2006, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||2||1


Azimuntium

Azimuntium (Azimus, or Esimontou) was a fortified town in Thracian region near the Illyrian border of the Eastern Roman Empire (present day Greece). The town is described by the Greek historian Priscus of Panium as the being the only one of the 182 forts and castles of Thrace to resist during the Attilan War of 443-446 AD and separately negotiating an exchange of captives with Attila after the peace was declared in 446 AD.

The town is thought by Priscus to have still been in existence up the reign of the Emperor Justinian after which it "extirpated by the jealousy of the Roman princes". In Chapter 34 of his book "The history of the decline and fall of the Roman empire", Gibbons describes the town as follows:

Districts of Japan

Districts are not all the same size. They are roughly equivalent to a county in the United Kingdom or the United States. They are smaller than prefectures and larger than towns and villages.

Districts were established in the 8th century. 

Until the 10th century, the chief government official of a district ("gun") was called the "gunji". During the Edo period, the head of a district ("gun") was called the "gundai".

Between 1878 and 1921, the Meiji period and Taishō period, districts were given specific powers and responsibilities which are now diffused.


Tokizo Ichihashi

Ichihashi was born in Hyogo Prefecture on June 9, 1909. He played for Keio BRB which was consisted of his alma mater Keio University players and graduates.

In May 1930, when Ichihashi was a Keio University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted and scored a goal against Philippines. On May 29, he also played against Republic of China. He played 2 games and scored 1 goals for Japan in 1930.

!Total||2||1

Saizo Saito

Saito was born in Osaka Prefecture on September 24, 1908. He played for Kwangaku Club which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. At the club, he won 1929 Emperor's Cup with Yukio Goto, Hideo Sakai and so on.

In May 1930, when Saito was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted against Philippines. On May 29, he also played against Republic of China. He played 2 games for Japan in 1930.

After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, Saito retired playing career and want to England and studied football at University of Bristol. In 1933, he joined Osaka Mainichi Shimbun and he was engaged in the management and reporting of All Japan High School Soccer Tournament until 1940. After that, he worked at Hino Motors and some affiliates until 1989. He also served as the president at some Hino Motors affiliates.

Saito died in 2004.

!Total||2||0

Masao Nozawa

Nozawa was born in Hiroshima Prefecture. In May 1930, when he was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted against Philippines. On May 29, he also played against Republic of China. He played 2 games for Japan in 1930.

!Total||2||0

Hiroshi Kanazawa

In May 1934, when Kanazawa was a Kyoto Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. On May 15, he also played against Philippines. He played 2 games for Japan in 1934.

!Total||2||0

Yukio Goto

Goto was born in Kobe. He played for Kwangaku Club which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. He won 1929 and 1930 Emperor's Cup at the club.

In May 1930, when Goto was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted against Philippines. In 1934, he was also selected Japan for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, he played 2 games as Japan team captain. He played 4 games for Japan until 1934.

Goto died in 1976.

!Total||4||0

Akira Nozawa

Nozawa was born in Hiroshima Prefecture. In May 1934, when he was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. He also played against Philippines and Republic of China. He played 3 games and scored 3 goals for Japan in 1934.

!Total||3||3

Teiichi Matsumaru

Matsumaru was born in Bunkyo, Tokyo on February 28, 1909. He played for Keio BRB which was consisted of his alma mater Keio University players and graduates. At Keio BRB, he won 1932 and 1936 Emperor's Cup. He also played for Tokyo OB Club and won 1933 Emperor's Cup with Shigemaru Takenokoshi and Shiro Teshima.

In May 1934, Matsumaru was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. He also played against Philippines and Republic of China. He played 3 games for Japan in 1934.

Matsumaru died on January 6, 1997 at the age of 87. In 2015, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||3||0


Convex function

Three examples are:

Koichi Oita

Oita was born in Tokyo Metropolis on April 9, 1914. In 1936, when he was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. At this competition, on August 4, he debuted against Sweden. Although he was a midfielder, he played as a defender. Japan completed a come-from-behind victory against Sweden. The first victory in Olympics for the Japan and the historic victory over one of the powerhouses became later known as "Miracle of Berlin" () in Japan. In 2016, this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. On August 7, he also played against Italy. He played 2 games for Japan in 1936.

After retirement, in 1947, Oita became a manager for new club Sumitomo Metal and managed until 1956.

September 11, 1996, Oita died of heart failure in Bunkyo, Tokyo at the age of 82.

!Total||2||0


Weighted average

A weighted average is the average of values which are scaled by importance. The weighted average equals the sum of weights times values divided by the sum of the weights.

This collection of four integers is called a multiset because the integer formula_1 appears more than once:

The straight average (or arithmetic mean) of these four variables is the sum divided by formula_3:

In the above equation, we used the overline to express the fact that this is the average over four variables. These variables can also be expressed using subscripts:

You get the same answer by calculating this as a "weighted average" of three variables. But you need to include a weight-value of formula_6 for the integer formula_1:

Here the hat formula_9 is used to mark weight values, which represent how many times each of the three values formula_10 appear. While it is not common to put hats over numbers in calculations, this formula_11 representation allows us to see how the weights influence the calculation. We can also write the weighted average as:

In conclusion, we have shown how an "arithmetic mean" over four variables (1, 3, 3, 5) can be understood as a weighted average over only three variables (1, 3, 5). This is accomplished by multiplying the repeated variable formula_1 by the number of times it is repeated (two).

To understand how to express this using summation notation, we place a tilde formula_14 over variables that involve the weighted average. First we define:

Note that the sum of the three weights equals formula_3: 

The ordinary average (with four terms) equals the weighted average (with three terms):

Simplify this by replacing formula_19 with the sum over all the weights:

Given two school classes, one with 20 students, and one with 30 students, the grades in each class on a test were:

The straight average for the morning class is 80 and the straight average of the afternoon class is 90. The straight average of 80 and 90 is 85, the mean of the two class means. But this does not account for the difference in number of students in each class, so the value of 85 does not reflect the average student grade (independent of class). The average student grade can be calculated by averaging all the grades, without regard to classes (add all the grades up and divide by the total number of students):

Or, this can be accomplished by weighting the class means by the number of students in each class (using a weighted mean of the class means):

Thus, the weighted mean makes it possible to find the average student grade in the case where only the class means and the number of students in each class are available.


Epigraph (mathematics)

In mathematics, the epigraph of a function is the set of paired values so the output of the function at the first value is less than or equal to the second value. In math terms this means formula_1 if and only if formula_2.

Kunitaka Sueoka

Sueoka was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on February 1, 1917. He played for Waseda University. He won 1938 Emperor's Cup with Sei Fuwa, Sekiji Sasano, Shogo Kamo, Hidetoki Takahashi and so on. He also won the 2nd place at 1939 Emperor's Cup. He also played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. At the club, he won the 2nd place at 1940 Emperor's Cup. This tournament was the last Emperor's Cup before the war because Emperor's Cup was suspended for World War II from 1941 to 1945.

On June 16, 1940, when Sueoka was a Waseda University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Philippines and Japan won the match. This match was the first match since 1936 Summer Olympics and the only match in the 1940s in Japan's "International A Match" due to World War II.

Sueoka died in November 1998 at the age of 81.

!Total||1||0

Kim Sung-gan

Kim Sung-Gan (Hangul:김성간, November 17, 1912 – May 19, 1984) was a South Korean athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Japan national team in 1940.

!Total||1||0


Taro Kagawa

Kagawa was born in Kobe on August 9, 1922. After graduating from Kobe University of Economics, he joined Tanabe Pharmaceutical in 1948. He also played for Osaka SC. At Osaka SC, he won the 2nd place at Emperor's Cup 3 times (1951, 1952 and 1953).

In March 1951, Kagawa was selected to the Japan national team for Japan's first game after World War II, at the 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. He also played at the 1954 Asian Games. He played 5 games for Japan until 1954.

Kagawa died on March 6, 1990 at the age of 67. In 2006, he was selected to the Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||5||0


David Coverdale

David 'Jack' Coverdale (born 22 September 1951) is an English rock singer. He is most famous for his work with hard rock band Whitesnake. The band was very successful commercially. During his early career Coverdale was the vocalist of Deep Purple for some time. He left the band to become a solo artist, and worked with Whitesnake. He also made an album with Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page. This was also successful.

Coverdale was born on 22 September 1951, in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, Redcar and Cleveland, England. His love for music developed early. Around the age of 14, he began performing professionally as he wanted to be a singer. He developed his style of singing then. "I don't think my voice had broken," he explained to "Sounds" in 1974. "And that's when I first learnt how to sing with my stomach, which sounds silly, but it's totally different from a normal voice." Coverdale had been the vocalist local bands like The Government (1968–1972); Fabulosa Brothers (1972–73).

In 1973, Coverdale saw an article in a copy of "Melody Maker", which said that Deep Purple was auditioning for singers to replace Ian Gillan. Coverdale was the frontman of a local group called The Government. They had played with Deep Purple in 1969. So both he and the band knew one another. Coverdale first sent a tape to the band. Then, he auditioned to become a singer. He was admitted into the band, with bassist Glenn Hughes being another vocalist.

In February 1974, Deep Purple released their first album with Coverdale and Hughes called "Burn" which was certified Gold in the US on 20 March 1974 and in the UK on 1 July. In April 1974, Coverdale and Deep Purple performed to over 200,000 music fans at the California Jam. . This was his first trip to America.

In December 1974 "Burn" was followed-up by "Stormbringer". This also ranked at Gold album status in the US and the UK. The album had funk and sould influences. So guitarist Ritchie Blackmore left the band in June 1975.

Coverdale did not want Deep Purple to disband. He helped in persuading the band to continue with American guitarist Tommy Bolin (of Billy Cobham and The James Gang). So Jon Lord said, "David Coverdale came up to me and said, 'Please keep the band together.' David played me the album that Tommy did with Billy Cobham. We liked his playing on it and invited Tommy to audition.'" The band released one studio album with Bolin, "Come Taste the Band" in 1975. The album was less successful than previous records. At the end of the tour in March 1976, Coverdale walked off in tears. He handed in his resignation. But he was told Deep Purple was disbanding. So he had no band left to quit. The decision to disband Deep Purple had been made some time before the last show by Lord and Ian Paice (the last remaining original members). Lord and Paice had not told anyone else. The break-up was finally made public in July 1976. Said Coverdale in an interview: "I was frightened to leave the band. Purple was my life, Purple gave me my break, but all the same I wanted out."

After the end of Deep Purple, Coverdale started a solo career. He released his first album in February 1977. It was called "White Snake". All songs were written by Coverdale and guitarist Micky Moody. Coverdale later said about this album: "It's very difficult to think back and talk sensibly about the first album. "White Snake" had been a very inward looking, reflective and low-key affair in many ways, written and recorded as it was in the aftermath of the collapse of Deep Purple." Even though the album was not successful, its title inspired the name of Coverdale's future band.

In 1978 Coverdale released his second solo album "Northwinds". It was received much better than "White Snake". But before the album's release, he had already formed a new band.

After recording "Northwinds", Coverdale soon formed the band Whitesnake. Bernie Marsden and Micky Moody played guitar in the band. It began as a touring band for Coverdale's first solo album. But, it soon developed into a full-time band. In early 1978, the band released the "Snakebite EP". It was repackaged later. It was released as a full album called "Snakebite", released in June 1978, with the B-side taken from Coverdale's "Northwinds" album. For the next album, "Trouble", Coverdale was joined by his former Deep Purple colleague, keyboardist Jon Lord. For Whitesnake's 1980 album, "Ready an' Willing", drummer Ian Paice also joined the group. "Ready an' Willing" also featured the band's biggest hit up to then. This was the song "Fool for Your Loving". It reached #13 on the British charts and #53 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. "Ready an' Willing" was followed up by the even more successful "Come an' Get It" in 1981. During 1982 Coverdale took some time off to look after his sick daughter. He decided to put Whitesnake on hold. When David Coverdale returned, he reformed the band. They recorded the album "Saints & Sinners" after this.

In 1982, according to British heavy metal magazine "Kerrang!", Coverdale was considered for the vocalist position with Black Sabbath following the departure of Ronnie James Dio. Coverdale declined.

Whitesnake became very popular in the UK, Europe, and Asia, but not in North America. In 1984, the album "Slide It In" finally entered the US charts (reaching #40). But it did not reach high enough to be considered a hit. When "Slide It In" was going to be released in the US, Coverdale made a calculated attempt at changing Whitesnake's sound and look. He recruited John Sykes from the remnants of Thin Lizzy for this. Sykes brought a more contemporary, aggressive guitar sound with him. He also had good stage manners to match. In 1985, Sykes and Coverdale started working on new songs for the next album. But Coverdale soon contracted a serious sinus infection. So he could not record that year. Doctors said he might not be able to sing again. Coverdale eventually recovered, and recordings were continued. But before their upcoming album was fully recorded and released, Coverdale had dismissed Sykes from the band.

In many period interviews, Coverdale stated that the next album was a make-or-break album for Whitesnake. If not successful, he would disband Whitesnake altogether. During 1987 and 1988, Whitesnake finally became successful in North America. They released the multi-platinum self-titled "Whitesnake" album. It was co-written (for most of the songs) by Sykes. But guitar was played by virtuoso Adrian Vandenberg, as a session musician.

The 1987 album has sold 8 times platinum since its release. It had hit singles like "Here I Go Again" and "Is This Love". It finally made Whitesnake a concert headliner in North America. Through the late 80s and early 90s, in the "hair-band" era, Coverdale kept Whitesnake going with great success. But lineups changed many times.

In 1989 Coverdale recruited Vandenberg to recorded a new album, "Slip of the Tongue". Vandenberg co-wrote the entire album with Coverdale. But he had a wrist injury. So he could not do solo guitar. Fellow virtuoso Steve Vai was recruited. He re-recorded most of Vandenberg's existing parts and finished the album. Upon release, it was very successful in Europe and the U.S.

The following tour, for which Vandenberg returned to play along with Vai, made Whitesnake famous as a giant in the world of hard rock. The album peaked at number 10 in the U.S., and has achieved platinum status. The tour continued until the end of 1990.

Coverdale did not want to be in Whitesnake any more. He had grown uncomfortable with what he thinks Whitesnake had become. He admits that he got "caught up in it". In a candid period interview, Coverdale sums it up in one sentence: "It got louder and louder, and so did I, to the point now where I have to get dressed up like a "girly man" and tease ones questionable bangs or hair and it's all becoming a bit... boring."

In 1990 Coverdale sang and co-wrote (with Hans Zimmer and Billy Idol) the song "The Last Note of Freedom" for the Tony Scott movie "Days of Thunder".

On 26 September 1990, after the last show on the "Slip of the Tongue" tour in Tokyo, Coverdale disbanded Whitesnake indefinitely. He was tired of the business in general and troubled by his separation and later divorce from Tawny Kitaen. Coverdale wanted to find other values in life. He took "private time to reflect" and think where his career was going.

The hiatus did not last long. In the early spring of 1991, Coverdale collaborated with guitarist Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin fame. Both of them have said that the collaboration revitalized them on many levels. This collaboration led to the "Coverdale-Page" album. It was released in March 1993. The album was a hit all over the world. It reached number 4 in the UK and number 5 in the US. It was certified Platinum in the US on 7 April 1995. But the US tour for the album had to be cancelled due to slow ticket sales. After only a limited Japanese tour, Coverdale and Page parted ways. In part, the problem had been the comparison to Robert Plant who had been the Led Zeppelin vocalist, with Jimmy Page. Some of their audience criticized Coverdale. They thought he was too similar to Plant. Others felt the collaboration only served to inspire Page to once again join Plant, a year later.

In 1994 Coverdale assembled a new line-up of Whitesnake (with the exception of Coverdale's musical partner, guitarist Adrian Vandenberg and bassist Rudy Sarzo, both of whom had been in Whitesnake since 1987). Whitesnake was to tour for the release of their "Greatest Hits" album. The band again broke-up after the tour. After this Coverdale once again went away from the music business, for three years. In 1997 Coverdale returned and released "Restless Heart" (with Vandenberg on guitar). The album was originally meant to be Coverdale's solo album. But the record company forced it to be released under the name of "David Coverdale & Whitesnake". The tour was called Whitesnake's farewell tour, during which Coverdale and Vandenberg played two unplugged shows (one in Japan and the other for VH1). The first of the two shows was released the next year under the title "Starkers in Tokyo". After the Restless Heart-tour ended, Coverdale once again ended Whitesnake and took another short break from music.

In 2000 Coverdale released his first solo album in 22 years, titled "Into The Light". The album was not a hit. But it did return Coverdale to the music business.

In December 2002, Coverdale re-reformed Whitesnake for an American and European tour, with Tommy Aldridge on drums, Marco Mendoza (bass), Doug Aldrich (guitar), Reb Beach (guitar) and keyboardist Timothy Drury. In 2004-2005, Whitesnake went on a tour of the United States, South America and Europe. A live DVD, shot during the 2005 tour at the legendary Hammersmith Apollo was released in February 2006. In June 2006, Coverdale signed a new record deal with Steamhammer Records. The first release under the record label was the double live album "" (released 27 November 2006). The album also contained 4 brand new studio tracks. They were written by Coverdale and Aldrich.

In 2008 the band (with new bassist and drummer) released its first new studio album in over 10 years titled "Good to Be Bad". The band toured for the album extensively. Also in 2008, Whitesnake went on a European Tour with fellow Yorkshire rock band Def Leppard.

In 2009, Whitesnake toured with Judas Priest on the "British Steel" Anniversary Tour. On 11 August 2009, Whitesnake was playing a show at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison, Colorado, when Coverdale suffered a vocal injury. After seeing a specialist, it was announced on 12 August 2009 that Coverdale is suffering from severe vocal fold edema. He has a left vocal fold vascular lesion. The rest of their tour with Judas Priest was cancelled.

In early February 2010, David Coverdale has announced his voice seems to have fully recovered from the injury. He says he's been recording new demos. He wants to create a new Whitesnake album. On tape his voice is sounding full and strong. The latest Whitesnake studio album "Forevermore" was released on 25 March 2011, with Aldrich and Beach on board.

Coverdale was first married in 1974 to Julia, and their daughter Jessica was born in 1978. Coverdale's second marriage was to actress Tawny Kitaen, from 17 February 1989. They divorced in April 1991. Kitaen was known for her provocative appearances in Whitesnake's music videos for "Here I Go Again", "Is This Love" and "Still of the Night." Since 1997, he has been married to Cindy, an author with works such as "The Food That Rocks." They have a son, Jasper (born 1996).

On 1 March 2007, Coverdale became a U.S. citizen, in a ceremony in Reno. He now holds dual US/UK citizenship. He has lived near Lake Tahoe, Nevada for more than 20 years.

1977 "White Snake" <br>
1978 "Northwinds" <br>
1990 "The Last Note Of Freedom" - song featured on the "Days of Thunder" soundtrack<br>
1993 "Coverdale and Page" (with Jimmy Page)<br>
2000 "Into the Light"

1974 Roger Glover - "The Butterfly Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast" ("Behind the Smile")<br>
1974 Jon Lord - "Windows" - 2nd Movement, Gemini<br>
1976 Eddie Hardin - "Wizard's Convention" ("Money To Burn")<br>
1978 Barbi Benton - "Ain't That Just The Way" (co-writer of "Up In The Air")<br>
1989 Steve Vai - "Passion and Warfare" ("For the Love of God")<br>
2000 Bernie Marsden - "And About Time Too" ("Who's Fooling Who", live recording from '81, only on reissue of the album)<br>
2003 Tony Franklin - "Wonderland" ("Sunshine Lady")


Takashi Mizuno

Mizuno was born on April 28, 1931. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he joined Yuasa Batteries in 1954. He also played for Kwangaku Club (All Kwangaku) which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. He won 1953, 1955 and 1958 Emperor's Cup.

On October 9, 1955, Mizuno debuted for Japan national team against Burma.

!Total||1||0

Super Bowl XL

Super Bowl XL was an American football game in the National Football League between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Pittsburgh Steelers against the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Seattle Seahawks to decide the Super Bowl champion for the 2005 season. Played on February 5, 2006, at Ford Field in Detroit, the Steelers beat the Seahawks, 21-10. Steelers receiver Hines Ward, who caught 5 passes for 123 yards and a touchdown, while also rushing for 18 yards, was named Super Bowl MVP. Pittsburgh finished the regular season with an 11-5 record and became the fourth wild card team, and third in nine years, to win the Super Bowl. Pittsburgh also became the first #6 seed in the NFL playoffs to win a Super Bowl (and the first #6 seed to win a conference title). The Steelers became the second franchise, following the Oakland Raiders, to appear in the Super Bowl in four different decades (1970s, 1980s, 1990s, 2000s), and the first to appear in four consecutive decades. Also, Steelers runningback Jerome Bettis was able win a Super Bowl thanks to this game.

However, many have criticized the officiating in that game, as they believe Seattle was cheated during some questionable calls by referee Bill Leavy.


Gulf of Honduras

The Gulf or Bay of Honduras is a large inlet of the Caribbean Sea. It indents the coasts of Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras. From north to south, it runs for approximately 200 km from Dangriga, Belize, to La Ceiba, Honduras.

The inner Gulf of Honduras is lined by the Belize Barrier Reef. It forms the southern part of the 900 km long Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System. This is the second-largest coral reef system in the world. The Belize Barrier Reef has a number of small islands. They are called cays, and collectively known as the Pelican Cays.

The Gulf of Honduras contains complex dynamics of coastal and open waters, and ocean currents. These have produced a very diverse and unique ecosystem with a wide variety of coastal marine waters. It includes coastline estuaries, barrier beaches, lagoons, intertidal salt marshes, mangrove forests, seagrass beds, keys and barrier reefs.

The gulf receives the runoff from the watersheds of 12 rivers . They discharge at 1232 m³ s. These rivers include the Moho, Sarstún, Río Dulce, Motagua, and Ulúa. Volume of sediment from these rivers is increasing. This damages the marine ecosystem.

Many American anglers visit the Gulf of Honduras to catch the marlin that abound there. Tourists are often taken on boat trips to the Pelican Cays, notably Caye Caulker and Ambergris Caye.

In 1961 Hurricane Hattie swept across the Gulf of Honduras. It destroyed buildings in Belize.

Swan Islands, Honduras

The Swan Islands, or Islas Santanilla, are a chain of three islands. They are in the northwestern Caribbean Sea. They are about ninety miles off the coastline of Honduras. They have a land area of . 

They are within the EEZ of Honduras and belong to the Islas de la Bahía department of Honduras. They consist of three islands:

Rosario Bank and Misteriosa Bank are 130 to 150 km north of the Swan Islands. The >5000 metres deep Cayman Trench separates them.

The islands have no people in them, except for a small Honduran navy garrison. Great Swan has a 3800′ (1158 m) grass airstrip (ICAO code MHIC, IATA code SWA).

Both the United States and Honduras claimed the Swan Islands until the United States dropped its claim. This was under the Guano Islands Act in 1972. The islands gained attention in the early 1960s. This was because of Radio Swan, which began broadcasting in May 1960 during preparation for, and during, the Bay of Pigs Invasion of Cuba. The station was removed from the islands in the late 1960s. Its main transmitter was transferred for use in the Vietnam War.

In October 1998, Hurricane Mitch moved over Swan Island with winds of 180 mph.


Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Concepción

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Concepción () is an archdiocese in Concepción, Chile.

It was established in 1563 as "Diocese of La Imperial". On 1603, it was renamed "Diocese of Concepción". On 1939 it was promoted to "Archdiocese of Concepción".



Matthew Hopkins

Matthew Hopkins (c. 1620 – 12 August 1647) was a witch-hunter. His 3-year career began in 1645 during the time of the English Civil War and ended in 1647. Matthew and his colleague John Stearne were responsible for the rising number of witch hunts during that time. At the end, more people were hanged for being witches because of witch accusations than in the previous 100 years. It is believed the number of deaths due to them was about 300 women. His witchhunts mainly took place in the eastern counties of Suffolk, Essex, Norfolk, and occasionally in Cambridgeshire, Northamptonshire, Bedfordshire, and Huntingdonshire. 

Very little is known of Matthew Hopkins before 1644. There are no documents from that time about him or his family. He was born in Great Wenham, Suffolk. His father, James Hopkins, was a Puritan clergyman in Suffolk. 

Hopkins wrote in his book "The Discovery of Witches" that he "never travelled far... to gain his experience".

In the early 1640s Hopkins moved to Manningtree, Essex near Colchester. According to tradition Hopkins used his inheritance to establish himself as a gentleman and to buy the Thorn Inn in Mistley.

From the way that he gave evidence in trials, Hopkins is thought to have been trained as a lawyer, but there is little evidence to prove this.

Matthew Hopkins died at his home in Manningtree, Essex, on 12 August 1647, probably of tuberculosis.


Inflow (meteorology)

Inflow is the flow of a fluid into a large collection of that fluid. In meteorology, inflow normally means the influx (entry) of warmth and moisture from air within the Earth's atmosphere into storm systems. Extratropical cyclones are created by inflow focused along their cold front and warm fronts. Tropical cyclones need a large inflow of warmth and moisture from warm oceans to become very powerful, mainly within the lowest of the atmosphere. Once the thunderstorms and their associated tornadoes do not get the flow of warm and moist air, the storms begin to dissipate. 


Hurricane Bob (1985)

Hurricane Bob was a hurricane that affected the southeast United States in July 1985. It was the second tropical storm and first hurricane of the 1985 Atlantic hurricane season. The system developed from a tropical wave on July 21 in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. Bob began moving east. It struck southwestern Florida as a weak tropical storm. The storm then turned to the north. It quickly became more intense and was promoted to hurricane status on July 24. The next day, it made landfall near Beaufort, South Carolina. It became one of a record-tying six hurricanes to hit the United States during a single season. Bob quickly weakened over land. It was absorbed by a frontal trough over eastern West Virginia on July 26.

Bob caused $20 million in damage and five indirect deaths. In Florida, the storm produced heavy rainfall. It peaked at over in Everglades City. In most areas, the rainfall was beneficial due to dry conditions that had persisted throughout the year. Damage was minimal in South Carolina, where the hurricane made its final landfall. In Virginia, the storm spawned three tornadoes, one of which destroyed two houses.


List of Shonan Bellmare players

The List of Shonan Bellmare players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Shonan Bellmare is a Japanese professional football club in Hiratsuka.




Cudjoe Key, Florida

Cudjoe Key is a census-designated place in Monroe County, Florida. It is on an island of the same name in the lower Florida Keys. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a total population of 2,019.

It was originally called Littleton Island.

The United States Army activated Cudjoe Key Air Force Station in 1959. It was to track missiles traveling through the Eglin Gulf Test Range. The Air Force took over operations the next year. After this, it became a detached installation of Homestead Joint Air Reserve Base. The station flies a white radar aerostat. It is known locally as "Fat Albert". This is used for drug interdiction missions by the Drug Enforcement Administration. On April 20, 2007 a Cessna 182 crashed after its left wing struck the tether anchoring "Fat Albert" . The aerostat is marked on air navigation charts inside a restricted area. The area has the warning, "Caution: Unmarked balloon on cable to 14,000 [feet]."

It is possibly named after the Joewood tree ("Jacquinia keyensis"), a native species. It is also known as cudjoewood. But writer John Viele of Summerland Key gives a better reason for its name. He believes that Cudjoe, a very common West African name, was the name of a fugitive slave or free negro who lived on the island at some point before to Gerdes' survey in 1849.

Cudjoe Key is located at (24.664298, -81.482339).

U.S. 1 (or the Overseas Highway) crosses the key at approximately mile markers 20.5 – 23, between Summerland Key and Sugarloaf Key.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of . of it is land and of it (50.5%) is water.

As of the census of 2020, there were 2,019 people living in Cudjoe Key. These people made up 936 households. The population density was 390.2/km (150.7/mi). There were 1,627 housing units. The racial constitution of the CDP was 87.1% White, 1.2% African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.9% Asian, 0.3% Pacific Islander, 2.4% from other races, and 7.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.6% of the population.

15.4% of the households had children under the age of 18 living with them. 57.4% were married couples living together, and 8.7% were unmarried couples living together. 14.9% had a female householder with no husband or partner present. 19.1% had a male householder with no wife or partner present. 25.3% of all households were made up of a single person and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. 

11.7% residents were under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 16.5% from 25 to 44, 37.7% from 45 to 64, and 30.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56.7 years. For every 100 females there were 113.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.9 males.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the CDP was $89,556, and the median income for a family was $104,808. The per capita income for the CDP was $60,946. About 8.6% of the population were below the poverty line. Nobody under age 18, and 12.9% of people age 65 or over, were below the poverty line.

Whenever, Wherever

"Whenever, Wherever" is the debut English-language single for Latin music artist Shakira. Taken off of her first English-language album "Laundry Service" it was released in late 2001. She also recorded a Spanish-language version of the song titled "Suerte". It was the best-selling song of 2001. The video won the 2002 Latin Grammy Award for "Best Short Form Music Video". The song was written by Shakira and Gloria Estefan.

Laundry Service

Laundry Service is the fifth studio album by Latin music artist Shakira. It was Shakira's first album in English. It was released in late 2001, preceded by the first single "Whenever, Wherever". Other singles after that included "Underneath Your Clothes" and "Objection (Tango)". It has sold more than 13 million copies.

Tay Bridge

The Tay Bridge (or Tay Rail Bridge) is a railway bridge about long that spans the Firth of Tay in Scotland, between the city of Dundee and Wormit, Fife ().

As with the Forth Rail Bridge, the Tay Bridge has been called the Tay Rail Bridge since the construction of the Tay Road Bridge over the firth. The original rail bridge replaced an early train ferry.

The present Tay Bridge is the second Rail bridge over the Tay. The first one collapsed in 1879 in a storm, with great loss of life.

The original Tay Bridge was designed by noted railway engineer Thomas Bouch, who received a knighthood when the bridge was completed. It was a lattice-grid design, combining cast and wrought iron. The design was well known: it was used with success in the Crumlin Viaduct in South Wales in 1858, after the use of cast iron in the Crystal Palace.

A previous cast iron design, the Dee bridge which collapsed in 1847, failed due to poor use of cast-iron girders. Later, Gustave Eiffel used a similar design to create several large viaducts in the Massif Central (1867).

Proposals for constructing a bridge across the River Tay date back to at least 1854. The North British Railway (Tay Bridge) Act received the Royal Assent on 15 July 1870 and the foundation stone was laid on 22 July 1871.

The original design was for lattice girders supported by brick piers resting on bedrock shown by trial borings to lie at no great depth under the river. At either end of the bridge the single rail track ran on top of the bridge girder, most of which therefore lay below the pier tops. However, in the centre section of the bridge (the “high girders”) the railway ran inside the bridge girder, which could then run above the pier tops to give the required clearance to allow passage of sailing ships upriver (e.g. to Perth).

However as the bridge extended out into the river, it became clear in December 1873, that the bedrock really lay much deeper; too deep to act as a foundation for the bridge piers. Bouch had to redesign the bridge.

He reduced the number of piers and increased the span of the girders. The pier foundations were no longer taken down to bedrock; instead they were constructed by sinking brick-lined wrought-iron caissons onto the riverbed,

The company which had the contract for building the bridge went bankrupt while Bouch was redesigning the bridge. The replacement company did poor work. Almost every part of the bridge was substandard, including the iron and the ties and fixings. Lack of precision in the bolts and braces led to ad hoc on-site fixes, described by one witness at the later inquiry as "about as slovenly a piece of work as ever I saw in my life".

The bridge was opened for passenger traffic on 1 June 1878. The next year, on June 20 1879, Queen Victoria crossed the bridge to return south from Balmoral. Bouch was presented to her before she did so, and on June 26th 1879 he was knighted by the Queen at Windsor Castle.

On the night of 28 December 1879 at 7.15pm, the bridge collapsed after its central spans gave way during high winter gales. A train with six carriages carrying seventy-five passengers and crew, crossing at the time of the collapse, plunged into the icy waters of the Tay. All seventy-five were lost. The disaster stunned the whole country and sent shock waves through the Victorian engineering community.

At the time a gale estimated at force ten or eleven (Tropical Storm force winds: 55–72 mph/80–117 km/hr) had been blowing down the Tay estuary at right angles to the bridge. The engine itself was salvaged from the river and restored to the railways for service.

The collapse of the bridge, opened only nineteen months earlier and passed as safe by the Board of Trade, is still the most famous bridge disaster in the British Isles. The stumps of the original bridge piers are still visible above the surface of the Tay even at high tide.

The inquiry held that "the fall of the bridge was occasioned by the insufficiency of the cross-bracings and fastenings to sustain the force of the gale on the night of December 28th 1879 and that the bridge had been previously strained by other gales".

However, this is not a finding that the bridge "as designed" would have failed. The engineer appointed to carry out detailed investigations testified: 

The section in the middle of the bridge, where the rail ran inside high girders, was potentially top-heavy and very vulnerable to high winds. Neither Bouch nor the contractor appeared to have regularly visited the on-site foundry where iron from the previous half-built bridge was recycled. The cylindrical cast iron columns supporting the 13 longest spans of the bridge, each 245 ft (75 m) long, were of poor quality. Many had been cast horizontally, with the result that the walls were not of even thickness, and there was some evidence that imperfect castings were disguised from the (very inadequate) quality control inspections.

In particular, some of the lugs used as attachment points for the wrought iron bracing bars had been "burnt on" rather than cast with the columns. Even the normal lugs were very weak. They were tested for the Inquiry, and proved to break at only about rather than the expected load of . These lugs failed and destabilised the entire centre of the bridge during the storm.

Put into simple words, the bridge failed because of defects in its manufacture. This meant it did not reach the standards of wind resistance intended by the designer.


A new double-track bridge was designed by William Henry Barlow. It was built by William Arrol & Co. upstream of, and parallel to, the original bridge. The foundation stone laid on 6 July 1883. Construction involved of iron and steel, of concrete, ten million bricks (weighing ) and three million rivets. Fourteen men lost their lives during its construction, most by drowning.

The second bridge opened on 13 July 1887 and is still in use. In 2003, a £20.85 million strengthening and refurbishment project (£ as of 2024), on the bridge was completed. More than of bird droppings were scraped off the ironwork lattice of the bridge using hand tools, and bagged into sacks. Hundreds of thousands of rivets were removed and replaced. All work was done in very exposed conditions high over fast-running tides in the river.

Jeff Saturday

Jeffrey Bryant Saturday (born June 18, 1975) is an American former professional football center. and coach. He played 14 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Indianapolis Colts and Green Bay Packers. He was hired as a head coach for Indianapolis Colts and coached them for the last 8 weeks of the 2022 NFL season after Frank Reich was fired. He played college football at North Carolina. He was first signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 1998, but was released. He signed with the Indianapolis Colts, where he stayed through 2011. Saturday earned a Super Bowl ring when Indianapolis beat the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI.

On March 7, 2013, Saturday signed a one-day contract with Colts and retired from playing professional football. On September 21, 2015, Saturday was inducted into the Colts Ring of Honor.


Underneath Your Clothes

"Underneath Your Clothes" is the second English-language single released by Latin music artist Shakira. It is taken off of her album "Laundry Service" following the massive success of "Whenever, Wherever". The song was released as a single in early 2002.

Salle Le Peletier

The Salle Le Peletier (sometimes referred to as the Salle de la rue Le Peletier or the Opéra Le Peletier) was the home of the Paris Opera from 1821 until the building was destroyed by fire in 1873. The theatre was designed and constructed by the architect François Debret on the site of the former Hôtel de Choiseul. Due to the many changes in government and management during the theatre's existence, it had a number of different official names, the most important of which were: Théâtre de l'Académie Royale de Musique (1821–1848), Opéra-Théâtre de la Nation (1848–1850), Théâtre de l'Académie Nationale de Musique (1850–1852), Théâtre de l'Académie Impériale de Musique (1852–1854), Théâtre Impérial de l'Opéra (1854–1870), and Théâtre National de l'Opéra (1870–1873).



Darmstadt University of Technology

The Darmstadt University of Technology (; TUD) is a university in Darmstadt, in Germany. It is the largest technical university in the state of Hesse and one of the largest technical universities in Germany with around 25,000 students.


Carlotta Grisi

Carlotta Grisi (June 28, 1819 – May 20, 1899) was an Italian ballet dancer. She was famous for creating the role of "Giselle". 

Grisi was born in Visinada, Istria (now part of Croatia). Her real name was Caronne Adele Josephine Marie Grisi. She was trained at the ballet school of Teatro alla Scala in Milan. 

At her 1836 debut in London, Grisi danced with Jules Perrot. She next appeared in Paris at the Théâtre de la Renaissance in 1840. A year later, she toured with Perrot to Paris, London, Vienna, Munich, and Milan. By dancing Perrot's choreography, she gained both public and critical acclaim. 

Her greatest role was Giselle. The world première of this two-act ballet was on June 28, 1841 at the Théâtre de l'Académie Royale de Musique, Paris. The ballet caused a sensation. It inspired reviewers to proclaim "Giselle" to be the greatest ballet of its time. The ballet immediately established Grisi as a star in her very first full-length ballet in Paris. Her salary grew from 5,000 francs to 12,000 in 1842 and 20,000 by 1844, with additional performance fees on top. It also marked the beginning of a change in her relationship with Jules Perrot. Grisi's last performance in the west was in Paul Taglioni's "Les Métamorphoses" (aka "Satanella", 1849).

In 1850, she joined Perrot in St. Petersburg, Russia. He had been appointed balletmaster to the Imperial Ballet. She danced "Giselle" at the Imperial Bolshoi Kamenny Theatre. The first Giselle in Russia had been danced by Fanny Elssler. The initial reaction to Grisi's interpretation of the role was not enthusiastic. Over time, the Russians came to appreciate her talents. She was "Prima Ballerina" of the St. Petersburg Imperial Theatres in St. Petersburg from 1850 to 1853. She worked with Perrot and also Joseph Mazilier. 

In 1854, she left Russia for Warsaw with her daughter. She intended to continue dancing. She became pregnant by Prince Léon Radziwill. He persuaded her to retire from ballet. Grisi gave birth to her second daughter, Léontine Grisi. She settled in Saint-Jean, Geneva, to spend the next forty-six years of her life in peaceful retirement. She died in Saint Jean on May 20, 1899. Her tomb is located in "Cimetière de Châtelaine". One of "Giselle"'s creators, Théophile Gautier described her dancing as having a childlike artlessness, a happy and infectious gaiety. 


Brian Dawkins

Brian Patrick Dawkins (born October 13, 1973) is an American football player. He is a safety for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the second round of the 1996 NFL Draft. He played college football at Clemson.

He is a nine-time Pro Bowl selection. Dawkins is a member of the Philadelphia Eagles 75th Anniversary Team, the NFL 2000s All-Decade Team and the 20/20 Club (20 sacks, 20 interceptions).

Dawkins played college football for the Clemson Tigers. He was voted an All-American. Dawkins had 247 tackles and 11 interceptions during his time at Clemson.

Dawkins was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the 2nd round (61 overall) of the 1996 NFL Draft. He beat out Eric Zomalt for a starting spot, which Dawkins never lost. He was a dominant force and is one of the most famous Philadelphia defenders. In 2002 against the Houston Texans, Dawkins became the first player ever to have a sack, interception, and touchdown catch in one game. He and the Eagles parted after the 2008 season. Dawkins's last game as an Eagle was an NFC Championship loss to the Arizona Cardinals.

Dawkins signed a 5-year, $17 million contract with the Denver Broncos. His hard-hitting and dominant style of play continued. After quarterback Tim Tebow was traded to he New York Jets in March of 2012, Dawkins said that Tebow "spiritually healed his injured neck."

Dawkins has been known for his hard hits that have come with the Eagles and Broncos. For his professional career, Dawkins has 911 career tackles, 36 forced fumbles, 26 sacks, 37 interceptions, 513 yards, and three total touchdowns.


Romantic ballet

The Romantic ballet is a genre of ballet that evolved in the early 19th century as a reaction against the classicism that dominated 18th century art and literature. Balletomanes of the early nineteenth century were bored with stories about ancient gods and goddesses, plots based on myths, and ancient costumes. They wanted ballets about real people and real places. "Pointe" work became artistic expression rather than stunt work, and the long, white, ballet skirt of tulle was introduced. Both produced the illusion of ethereal weightlessness. Gas lighting made it possible to create special dimming effects and wires enabled ballerinas to "fly". 

The romantic era in ballet began with "The Ballet of the Nuns" in 1831 and was followed by "La Sylphide" in 1832. The genre began a slow decline. "Coppélia" of 1870 is said to mark the end of the romantic ballet, although the three ballets composed by Tchaikovsky are romantic ballets. Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake" of 1876 is considered a romantic ballet. Even his "The Nutcracker" of 1892 is a romantic ballet. Michel Fokine's "Les Sylphides" of 1906 is considered a tribute to the romantic ballet in its atmosphere and tone. 

Romantic ballets have four things in common: they are not about mythological gods and goddesses; they show local or national color in costumes, settings, and dances such as mazurkas and waltzes; a supernatural, fantastic, exotic, or spiritual element is usually prominent; and ballet technique is a focus, especially "pointe" work for the ballerina.


Bolte Bridge

The Bolte Bridge is a large twin cantilever bridge in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The Bolte Bridge carries a total of 8 lanes of traffic - 4 lanes northbound and 4 lanes southbound. While officially only 490 metres in length, the actual structure appears much longer as it forms part of a 5 kilometre elevated roadway between Flemington Road and the West Gate Freeway, making it the longest bridge (by definition) in Australia. It crosses the Yarra River and Victoria Harbour in the Docklands area to the west of the Melbourne CBD. It forms part of the CityLink system of toll roads that joins the Tullamarine Freeway from the northern suburbs with the West Gate Freeway and the Domain and Burnley tunnels to the Monash Freeway and the south eastern suburbs.

The bridge was designed by architects Denton Corker Marshall. It was built for Transurban by Baulderstone Hornibrook, from 1996–1999 and cost AU$75 million. It was named by Jeff Kennett, for former Premier of Victoria, Sir Henry Bolte because it linked the West Gate, Monash and Tullamarine Freeways - projects planned or completed by the Bolte Government.

It is one of the largest balanced cantilever cast in situ box girder bridges in Australia. It is built as two separate bridges of variable depth, prestressed concrete box girders, separated by a gap between the structures.

The bridge has two high silver towers. These are on either side of the roadway at the middle of the bridge's span. These two towers are only for show, and are not joined to the main body of the bridge. The towers are hollow, and have ladders leading to a small roof top hatch. The Bolte Bridge has four spans with two main spans of and side spans of . The total length of the bridge is . The twin bridge has two wide decks, each with three lanes of vehicles. There is no access for cyclists or pedestrians.

Other bridges in Australia built in the same way are the Gateway Bridge, Brisbane and Mooney Mooney Bridge near Gosford, north of Sydney.


Norm (mathematics)

In mathematics, the norm of a vector is its length. A vector is a mathematical object that has a size, called the "magnitude", and a direction. For the real numbers, the only norm is the absolute value. For spaces with more dimensions, the norm can be any function formula_1 with the following three properties:

For a vector formula_7, the associated norm is written as formula_8, or Lformula_1 where formula_1 is some value. The value of the norm of formula_7 with some length formula_12 is as follows:

formula_13

The most common usage of this is the Euclidean norm, also called the standard distance formula.



1991 Bangladesh cyclone

The Bangladesh Cyclone of 1991 was an extremely devastating super cyclonic storm. On the evening of Monday, April 29, 1991 a strong super cyclonic storm struck the Chittagong area of southeastern Bangladesh with winds around 155 mph. The storm killed over 138,000 people and caused $1.5 billion in destruction. The cyclone left almost ten million homeless.

Akashi Kaikyō Bridge

The , also known as the Pearl Bridge, is the world's longest suspension bridge. 

Akashi-Kaikyō connects the island of Honshu with Awaji Island in the Seto Inland Sea. The bridge is part of the Honshu-Shikoku Highway which allows automobiles to cross the Akashi Strait.

The construction of the bridge began in May 1988. The bridge was opened on April 5, 1998.

The cost of building the bridge is estimated at 500 billion yen.


Chittagong

Chittagong (officially called Chattogram or Chattagram) is a city in southeast Bangladesh near the Karnaphuli River. The city is the capital of the Chittagong district and division. The city has around 5.5 million people.

Gamekeeper

A gamekeeper is a person who manages an area of countryside to make sure there is enough game for shooting, or fish for angling. He actively manages areas of woodland, moorland, waterway or farmland for the benefit of game birds, deer, fish and wildlife in general. 

In the UK, a gamekeeper is typically employed by a landowner. He ofen works on a country estate. It is his job to prevent poaching, and to rear and release game birds such as pheasants and partridge. He eradicates pests, encourages and manages grouse, and controls predators such as foxes. He manages habitats to suit game, and monitors the health of the game.


Seishiro Shimatani

Shimatani was born in Kyoto on November 6, 1938. After graduating from Kansai University, he joined Furukawa Electric in 1961. In 1965, Furukawa Electric joined new league Japan Soccer League and he played in 1 season in the league. After he left the club, he played for his local club Kyoto Shiko Club.

On January 11, 1959, when Shimatani was a Kansai University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Singapore.

Shimatani managed his local club Kyoto Shiko Club (later "Kyoto Purple Sanga") in 1972. 1972 season is first season Kyoto Shiko Club was promoted to new division, Japan Soccer League Division 2 from Japanese Regional Leagues. He managed until 1974. In 1977, he managed for Kyoto Shiko Club again. However, in 1978 season, the club was relegated to Regional Leagues. He resigned in 1978. In 1994, he signed with Kyoto Purple Sanga. He resigned in September.

On October 24, 2001, Shimatani died of cirrhosis in Kyoto at the age of 62.

8||2
8||2

!Total||1||0

Tatsuya Shiji

Shiji was born in Aichi Prefecture on October 20, 1938. When he was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he won 1959 Emperor's Cup as a member of Kwangaku Club which was consisted of Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he played for his local club Toyota Motors.

On May 28, 1961, when Shiji was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Malaya.

In 1965, Shiji became a manager for Toyota Motors. In 1966, the club joined Japanese Regional Leagues. He promoted the club to new division Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1972 and Division 1 in 1973. He resigned in 1974.

!Total||1||1

List of counties in Georgia (U.S. state)

The state of Georgia is divided into 159 counties. 

Georgia has the second largest number of counties of any state in the United States. The state of Texas has 254 counties (see List of counties in Texas). The last new county in Georgia was Peach County, formed in 1924.

Saburo Kawabuchi

Kawabuchi was born in Takaishi on December 3, 1936. After graduating from Waseda University, he played for Furukawa Electric. In 1965, Furukawa Electric joined new league Japan Soccer League. In the initial league season, he was the first player to score a hat-trick, against Nagoya Mutual Bank. He retired in 1970. He played 68 games and scored 10 goals in the league.

On December 25, 1958, when Kawabuchi was a Waseda University student, he debuted and scored 2 goals for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. In 1962, he played at 1962 Asian Games. In 1964, he was selected Japan for 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. At 1964 Summer Olympics, he scored a goal in first match against Argentina. He also played at 1962 Asian Games. He played 26 games and scored 8 goals for Japan until 1965.

After retirement, Kawabuchi became a coach for Furukawa Electric in 1970. In 1973, he became a manager and managed until 1975. Just before 1982 World Cup qualification in December 1980, he was named manager for the Japan national team to replace Masashi Watanabe, who suffered a subarachnoid hemorrhage. Kawabuchi managed Japan at 1982 World Cup qualification and managed until March 1981.

In 1991, he named inaugural chairman of the J.League is first professional league in Japan. In 1991, he also became a first chairman of J.League. In 2002, he resigned chairman of J.League and became 10th president of Japan Football Association as Shunichiro Okano successor. Kawabuchi served until 2008. He also served as president of Japan Basketball Association from May 2015 to June 2016.

In 2006, he received FIFA Order of Merit. In 2008, he was also selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

68||10
68||10

!Total||26||8


List of counties in Idaho

There are 44 counties in the U.S. state of Idaho.


List of counties in Illinois

There are 102 counties in the state of Illinois. 


List of counties in Indiana

The U.S. state of Indiana has 92 counties. Each county is the local level of government within its borders. County government in Indiana consists of two bodies, the county council and the commissioners. 

List of counties in Iowa

There are 99 counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The first two counties, Des Moines County and Dubuque County, were formed in 1834 when Iowa was still part of the Michigan Territory. One of the most important days in Iowa county history was January 15, 1851, when 49 counties were created.

The Iowa Constitution of 1857, which is still in effect today, states that counties must have an area of at least . No county can be reduced below that size by boundary changes. Exceptions to this rule were granted, as ten counties have areas below this size. The smallest county (Dickinson) has a land area of , while the largest (Kossuth) has an area 973sq mi (2,520 km²). Polk County is the most densely populated county at 860 persons/sq mi, and contains the state's capital and largest city, Des Moines.
The number in the column headed "#" is the one used on the map from the National Atlas of the United States, shown on the left. The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, which is used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties, is provided with each entry. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county.

The following counties no longer exist:


List of counties in Kansas

There are 105 counties in the U.S. state of Kansas.

List of counties in Kentucky

There are 120 counties in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

The map shown below is clickable; click on any county to be redirected to the page for that county, or use the text links shown above on this page.


Maribyrnong River Viaduct

The Maribyrnong River Viaduct (also known as the Quarter Mile Bridge) is a railway bridge across the Maribyrnong River in the western suburbs of Melbourne, Australia. It is near the E.J. Whitten Bridge, and is almost 400 metres long (hence the quarter mile name). The Albion-Jacana railway line uses the bridge, which is mainly used for freight. It also carries the Melbourne to Sydney CountryLink XPT. It is the second highest bridge in Victoria, only behind the West Gate Bridge (58 metres). At a height of 180 feet (54.86 m) above the water, it is even higher than the Sydney Harbour Bridge (52 metres). The bridge is 1257 feet (383.13 m) long

It was built in 1927–29 by the Victorian Railways Construction Branch, being the largest trestle bridge in Australia when completed in June, 1929. It is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and employed 200 people during construction, with one fatality. 



List of parishes in Louisiana

The U.S. state of Louisiana is divided into 64 parishes in the same way that 48 of the other states of the United States are divided into counties (Alaska is divided into boroughs and census areas).

Thirty-eight parishes are governed by a council called the Police Jury. The other twenty-six have various other forms of government, including: president-council, council-manager, parish commission, and consolidated parish/city.



List of counties in Maine

There are 16 counties in the U.S. state of Maine

A song is taught to many elementary school children across the state, entitled the Maine County Song, to aid in memorizing the names of the state's 16 counties. It is sung to the tune of Yankee Doodle.

An alternate version as put forth by the Maine Secretary of State's Kids' Page:

However the traditional version is:

List of counties in Maryland

There are twenty-three counties and Baltimore City in the U.S. state of Maryland. Though an independent city rather than a county, the City of Baltimore by some is considered the equal of a county for most purposes and is a county-equivalent. 

Bridge of Sighs

The Bridge of Sighs (Italian: Ponte dei Sospiri) is a small bridge in Venice, northern Italy. The bridge has walls and a roof. It is made of white limestone and has windows with stone bars. It passes over the Rio di Palazzo and connects the old prisons to the interrogation rooms in the Doge's Palace. It was designed by Antoni Contino (whose uncle Antonio da Ponte had designed the Rialto Bridge), and built in 1602.

The view from the windows of the Bridge of Sighs was the last view of Venice that convicts saw before their imprisonment. The bridge was named by Lord Byron in the 19th century. It was thought that prisoners would sigh at their final view of beautiful Venice through the windows before being taken down to their cells. In reality, the days of inquisitions and summary executions were over by the time the bridge was built and the cells under the palace roof were occupied mostly by small-time criminals. In addition, little could be seen from inside the Bridge due to the stone grills covering the windows. 

A local legend says that lovers will be granted everlasting love and bliss if they kiss on a gondola at sunset under the bridge.

The name "Bridge of Sighs" has since been applied by association to other similar covered bridges around the world, including:



List of counties in Massachusetts

There are 14 counties in Massachusetts. Massachusetts has ended eight of its fourteen county governments. This leaves five counties with county-level local government (Barnstable, Bristol, Dukes, Norfolk, Plymouth) and one, Nantucket County, with combined county/city government. Counties are still generally recognized as geographic entities if not political ones.

Eleven other historical counties have been in Massachusetts. Most ended when their lands were absorbed into the colony of New Hampshire or the state of Maine.

Jeff Hornacek

Jeffrey John Hornacek (born May 3, 1963 in Elmhurst, Illinois) is a retired American basketball player. Hornacek played a total of 16 seasons in the NBA with the Phoenix Suns, Philadelphia 76ers and the Utah Jazz. He played college basketball at Iowa State. He retired from basketball in 2000 to spend more time with his family. His jersey number 14 was retired by the Utah Jazz.


Cyclone Gonu

Super Cyclonic Storm Gonu was an extremely intense and very damaging storm. The cyclone was the most intense recorded tropical cyclone in the Arabian Sea and the strongest named tropical cyclone recorded in the Indian Ocean. Gonu developed on June 1 2007 over the northwest Indian Ocean and then intensified to Category 5 levels. The storm then weakened and then struck eastern Oman on June 6, contributing to that region's worst modern natural disaster and causing around $4.2 billion in damage. The cyclone also struck Iran, causing $216 million in damage. Almost eighty people died from Cyclone Gonu.

Sargent and Greenleaf

Sargent and Greenleaf is a lock manufacturer. It is not to be confused with Assa Abloy's Sargent brand. Sargent and Greenleaf is well-known for their safe locks, although they also make other lock products including military-grade padlocks.

Marashiyan

Marashiyan or Marashis (in Mazandarani language: مرعشیون) is one of the Arab dynasties in Iran. Marashiyan ruled from 1359 to 1582 in Tabarestan (northern Iran). This is Islamic government. Mirbozorg is founder of the Marashiyans.


Henry IV

Henry IV could mean:

Jonathan Nolan

Jonathan Nolan (born 6 June 1976) is a British-American author and screenwriter. He is the brother of movie director Christopher Nolan. Jonathan Nolan's story "Memento Mori" was made into a critically acclaimed movie "Memento". He has also co-written screenplays for "The Prestige" and "The Dark Knight Trilogy", with his brother. In movie credits, his name has appeared as Jonah.

He was born in London, England, to an English father and American mother. He was raised in the Chicago area. Nolan attended Loyola Academy in Illinois. He graduated from there in 1994, and then graduated from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., in 1999. In this university, he studied English and was a staff writer for "The Hoya".

His brother, Christopher, speaks with a British English accent, but Jonathan speaks with an American English accent.

Nolan tells about successful work relationship with his brother in the production notes of "The Prestige": "I’ve always suspected that it has something to do with the fact that he’s left-handed and I’m right-handed, because he’s somehow able to look at my ideas and flip them around in a way that’s just a little bit more twisted and interesting. It’s great to be able to work with him like that."

On March 23, 2007, it was announced he would pen "Interstellar", a science fiction film. It is based on the theories of Kip Thorne, a theoretical physicist who is known for his theories in gravitation physics and astrophysics and for having trained a generation of scientists. The film was first reported to be directed by Steven Spielberg and eventually settled with Christopher Nolan as director and is released in 2014.

Nolan worked on "The Dark Knight Rises". It is the third Batman movie in "The Dark Knight Trilogy".

On February 10, 2011, Nolan's TV pilot "Person of Interest" had been picked up by CBS and plan was to make it in a TV show. The show was officially picked up by CBS on May 13, 2011, and will star Michael Emerson, Jim Caviezel, and Taraji P. Henson. It will be produced by J. J. Abrams. His company Bad Robot Productions will produce it. Nolan will be the executive producer.


Afrikaner nationalism

Afrikaner nationalism is a political ideology which was created in the 19th century in South Africa. There is an ethnic group called Afrikaner in South Africa. Afrikaner nationalism is the idea that the Afrikaner are "chosen people". It says that Afrikaners who speak their language should unite to fight off foreign influences that come from English-speaking settlers of South Africa, black people or Jews.

The historian T. Dunbar Moodie describes Afrikaner nationalism as a kind of civil religion that combined the history of the Afrikaners, their language and the Afrikaner Calvinism as key symbols. A major proponent of the ideology was the secret "Broederbond" organization and the National Party that ruled the country from 1948 to 1994. Other organisations aligned with the Afrikaner nationalistic ideology were the Federation of Afrikaans Cultural Organisations ("Federasie van Afrikaanse Kultuurvereniginge ", FAK), the Institute for Christian National Education and the White Workers' Protection Association.

List of counties in Michigan

There are 83 counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.



Numerical analysis

Numerical analysis studies different algorithms to get approximations for problems of mathematical analysis. Approximations are used for the following reasons:

One of the earliest known uses of numerical analysis is a Babylonian clay tablet, which approximates the square root of 2. In a unit square, the diagonal has this length. Being able to compute the sides of a triangle is extremely important, for instance, in carpentry and construction.

Numerical analysis continues this long tradition of practical mathematical calculations. Much like the Babylonian approximation of formula_1, modern numerical analysis does not seek exact answers, because exact answers are often impossible to obtain in practice. Instead, much of numerical analysis is concerned with obtaining approximate solutions while maintaining reasonable bounds on errors.

Numerical analysis naturally finds applications in all fields of engineering and the physical sciences, but in the 21st century, the life sciences and even the arts have adopted elements of scientific computations. Ordinary differential equations appear in star movement; optimization occurs in portfolio management; numerical linear algebra is important for data analysis; stochastic differential equations and Markov chains are essential in simulating living cells for medicine and biology.

Computers greatly helped this task. Before there were computers, numerical methods often depended on hand interpolation in large printed tables. Since the mid 20th century, computers calculate the required functions instead. These same interpolation formulas nevertheless continue to be used as part of the software algorithms for solving differential equations.
In order to support numerical analysts, many kinds of numerical software has been created:

List of counties in Texas

The state of Texas is divided into 254 counties. This is more than any other U.S. state. 


Barbara Windsor

Dame Barbara Windsor DBE (born Barbara Ann Deeks; 6 August 1948 – 10 December 2020) was an English actress. She was best known for her roles in the "Carry On films" and as Peggy Mitchell in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders". She joined the cast in 1994, and she left the show in 2016 when her character was killed off.

List of counties in Virginia

The Commonwealth of Virginia is divided into 95 counties and 39 independent cities, which are considered county-equivalents for census purposes.

List of counties in Missouri

There are 114 counties and one independent city in the U.S. state of Missouri.

In Missouri, the county level of government level comes between those of the city and the state. Its main responsibilities include maintaining roads, providing security, prosecuting criminals, and collecting taxes. Elected officials at this level include a sheriff, prosecuting attorney, and assessor.
The city of St. Louis is an independent city, and is not within the limits of a county. Its residents voted to secede from Saint Louis County in 1876. Throughout the United States, St. Louis is one of three independent cities outside the state of Virginia (the other two are Baltimore, Maryland and Carson City, Nevada).

List of counties in Tennessee

There are 95 counties in the State of Tennessee. A county is a local level of government smaller than a state and typically larger than a city or town.

There are two former counties in Tennessee:

Three Tennessee counties operate under consolidated city-county governments, a city and county that have been merged into one jurisdiction. As such, these governments are simultaneously a city, which is a municipal corporation, and a county, which is an administrative division of a state.

List of counties in Nebraska

There are 93 counties in the U.S. state of Nebraska.

Nebraska's postal abbreviation is NE and its FIPS state code is 31.


Boyzone

Boyzone are an Irish boy band. The group is a quartet, its members are Keith Duffy (born 1974), Mikey Graham (born 1972), Ronan Keating (born 1977) and Shane Lynch (born 1976). Stephen Gately (1976-2009) was also a member until his death. The band were formed in Dublin by Louis Walsh in 1993. They split in 2000 and reformed in 2007.



List of counties in Ohio

There are eighty-eight counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The elected county officials include three commissioners, a sheriff (the highest law enforcement officer in the county); prosecutor (equivalent of a district attorney in other states); coroner, engineer, auditor, treasurer and clerk of courts.


List of counties in Minnesota

There are 87 counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. 

List of counties in Pennsylvania

There are sixty-seven counties of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States of America. The city of Philadelphia shares boundaries with Philadelphia County, and governmental functions have been shared since 1854.

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties, is provided with each entry. FIPS codes are five digit numbers, for Pennsylvania the codes start with 42 and are completed with the three digit county code. The FIPS code for each county in the table links to census data for that county.

Dorothy Gish

Dorothy Elizabeth Gish (March 11, 1898 – June 4, 1968) was an American actress. She was born in Dayton, Ohio. She was very young when her father abandoned the family. Dorothy, her older sister Lillian, and their mother entered the theatrical profession to support themselves.

In 1912, actress Mary Pickford introduced them to director D. W. Griffith. The sisters began acting at Biograph Studios. Dorothy and Lillian Gish both debuted in Griffith's "An Unseen Enemy". Dorothy would star in over 100 short movies and feature movies.

Dorothy married actor James Rennie in 1920. They divorced in 1935. Dorothy never remarried. She died in 1968 from bronchial pneumonia in Rapallo, Liguria, Italy. She was laid to rest in Saint Bartholomew's Episcopal Church in New York City.

Her sister Lillian was later laid to rest beside her. Dorothy Gish was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6385 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood, California. Dorothy and Lillian both appeared in D. W. Griffith's "Orphans of the Storm" in 1921.



Nihonbashi

, also romanized as Nihombashi, is a business district of Chūō in Tokyo, Japan. The district grew up around the bridge of the same name. The bridge connects two sides of the Nihonbashi River. A series of bridges at the same site have had the same name since the 17th century.

Traditionally, all distances in Japan are measured from the centerpoint of the Nihonbashi Bridge. This custom began in the Edo period.

In the Edo period, the Nihonbashi Bridge was the start of Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto. The earliest Nihonbashi Bridge was made of wood. It was completed in 1603. The current bridge is made of stone. It was completed in 1911.

In 2009, Nihonbashi was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best show contemporary Japan and its culture in the Heisei period.



List of counties in South Dakota

There are 66 counties in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Todd County and Oglala Lakota County are two counties in South Dakota that do not have their own county seat. Hot Springs in Fall River County is the administrative center of Oglala Lakota County. Winner in Tripp County is the administrative center of Todd County. 

South Dakota's postal abbreviation is SD and its FIPS state code is 46.




List of counties in New York

There are 62 counties in the State of New York. Five of New York's counties share boundaries with the five boroughs of New York City and do not have functioning county governments, except for a few borough officials. New York City is considered the county seat of these five counties: New York County (Manhattan), Kings County (Brooklyn), Bronx County (The Bronx), Richmond County (Staten Island), and Queens County (Queens). 

List of counties in Montana

There are 56 counties in the U.S. state of Montana. Montana has two consolidated city-counties—Anaconda with Deer Lodge County and Butte with Silver Bow County. The portion of Yellowstone National Park that is in Montana was not part of any county until 1978. Then part of it was added to Gallatin County, and the rest of it to Park County.

Montana's postal abbreviation is MT and its FIPS state code is 30.

List of counties in West Virginia

There are 55 counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

List of counties in North Dakota

There are 53 counties in the U.S. state of North Dakota. 

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, which is used by the United States government to uniquely identify states and counties, is provided with each entry. North Dakota's code is 38, which when combined with any county code would be written as 38XXX. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county. 

List of counties in South Carolina

The U.S. state of South Carolina is made up of 46 counties. This is the maximum allowable by state law.

In the colonial period, the land around the coast was divided into parishes. The parishes matched the Church of England. There were also several counties that had judicial and electoral functions. As people settled the backcountry, judicial districts and additional counties were formed. This structure continued and grew after the Revolutionary War. In 1800, all counties were renamed as districts. In 1868, the districts were changed back to counties. The South Carolina Department of Archives and History has maps that show the boundaries of counties, districts, and parishes starting in 1682.




List of counties in Washington

There are 39 counties in the U.S. state of Washington. Washington came from the western part of Washington Territory. It was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889. The first counties were created from unorganized territory in 1845.

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties, is provided with each entry. The FIPS code links in the table point to U. S. Census "quick facts" pages for each county.



Sanjō Ōhashi Bridge

In the Edo period, the Sanjō Ōhashi Bridge Bridge was the end of Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

The current concrete bridge is made of concrete. It was built in 1950.


Interpolation

In many domains of science, measurements are done. If these measurements are drawn in a graph, they will be shown as simple unconnected points. Such data are called data points, or discrete. Handling and analysis of the data is easier, if it can be described using a continuous function, or a line connecting the discrete data point together. In order to do this, the line between two measurements, or data points, need to be created. This process of connecting the data points together with a line called interpolation. There are different ways to invent the data, each method has its benefits and drawbacks. The simplest method is drawing a straight line between two data points, which is not very accurate. Very often, polynomials are used to create a more accurate representation. Even if some of the data is wrong, in many cases, the results of this interpolation are usable, either as a replacement for missing data points, or as a tool to help understand more complicated data.

Interpolation tries to find the values between two known points of data. It is not to be confused with extrapolation, which is a similar process that tries to find data points at the edge or outside the currently defined points.

The primary use of interpolation is to help users, be they scientists, photographers, engineers or mathematicians, determine what data might exist outside of their collected data. Outside the domain of mathematics, interpolation is frequently used to scale images and to convert the sampling rate of digital signals.

In the domain of science, a scientist may need to use a computer to calculate a complicated function. However, if that function takes a very long time to compute, it may make her experiments difficult or impossible to run properly. So, she might use interpolation to create a slightly less complicated version of her function, which takes less computational time and energy to run. This interpolated function should achieve the same results as the more complex function, but will make some errors, or lose some detail as compared to the original function. However, the reduced time and cost of running the interpolated function may make this trade-off worthwhile.

When an image is made larger, the existing pixels cannot simply be stretched, as you might stretch a rubber band. Instead, new pixels must be created. In order to "guess" what these pixels should look like, the software that enlarges the image uses interpolation. The software first spreads out the existing pixels into the new image size, leaving many gaps and spaces. Then, it examines the existing data (the original pixels) and then creates a function that describes the missing data (the new pixels) to create a new data set (the enlarged image). Sometimes, the program does a poor job, and the resulting image is blurry or wrong in places. These are called interpolation errors - the software did not correctly guess what the data should be. But, overall, the image will look similar. This is an example of the risks and benefits of interpolation - the user can see new data, but that data may not be perfect.

More about interpolation in graphics and photography: http://www.cambridgeincolour.com/tutorials/image-interpolation.htm

Gay icon

A gay icon is a prominent person (either living or dead) who is liked by the gay community. Gay icons are often glamourous and even flamboyant. They show strength through adversity. They often show a blend of masculine and feminine traits. Sometimes they show no gender traits at all. Gay icons can be male or female. They can be gay, straight, bisexual, or asexual. If they are gay, they can be openly gay or not. Sometimes living gay icons support LGBT causes, sometimes they do not. Some gay icons from history are tragic figures like Saint Sebastian, Oscar Wilde, or Judy Garland. Some more modern gay icons are entertainers like Ellen DeGeneres, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga,Cher, Barbra Streisand, Liza Minnelli, and Freddie Mercury.



Afternoon of a Faun (Nijinsky)

The Afternoon of a Faun () is a modern ballet. It was choreographed by Nijinsky to a short symphonic work by Claude Debussy called "Prélude à l'après-midi d'un faune". Both the music and the ballet were inspired by the poem "L'après-midi d'un faune" by Stéphane Mallarmé. It was Nijinsky's first choreographed work. The ballet was first performed by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in Paris at the Théâtre du Châtelet on 29 May 1912. The costumes and sets were designed by Léon Bakst. Nijinsky danced the role of the faun. 

Grace Robert writes in "The Borzoi Book of Ballet" that Bakst was responsible for the choreography. Nijinsky simply carried out his directions. However, Nijinsky's sister alleged that Bakst and Diaghilev were not involved with the choreography and were admitted to rehearsals only in the last stages. The truth will never be known; those involved are dead. The choreography however caused a scandal, especially the ending. Here, the Faun appears to climax upon a Nymph's scarf. Gaston Calmette, the editor of "Le Figaro", attacked the choreography on moral grounds. Sculptor Auguste Rodin defended it. The furor assured the public's interest in the ballet, then and now. 

The first American performance occurred in New York City on January 17, 1916. The Catholic Theatre Movement decided the ending should be modified. The ending was duly altered. Diaghilev told the head of the Metropolitan Opera House, "America is saved." Thereafter, the ballet saw a variety of manifestations until 1936 when a close facsimile of the original was presented at the Metropolitan by Colonel W. de Basil's Ballets Russes. Grace Robert believes the original ballet was produced as an aesthetic antidote to Isadore Duncan's copycats and their Greek dances. 

Lincoln Kirstein describes the story: "A faun lolls on a hillock ... Seven nymphs in chain step shuffle past him ... Curious, the Faun descends to watch. Curious, then alarmed, they flee, to return shyly. The Faun tries to play with them, but they are frightened by this half-boy, half-beast. The least shy ... returns; they link arms. Contact frightens her; she escapes, dropping her scarf ... she is eager to stay, but the creature seems too theatening. Leaping onto his rock, he carries her scarf ... Arching his body, he thrusts his length into it."



Kintai Bridge

The Kintai Bridge was built in 1673. It has five wooden arches at the base of Mount Yokoyama.

The bridge was eclared a National Treasure in 1922.

Kikkou Park, which includes the bridge and Iwakuni Castle, is a popular tourist destinations.

In 2009, the Kintai Bridge was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best show contemporary Japan and its culture in the Heisei period.


Civil religion

According to Jean-Jacques Rousseau, civil religion is the foundation that keeps modern society together. It provides the state with sacred authority. In his book The Social Contract Rousseau states the dogmas of civil religion:

List of counties in Oregon

There are 36 counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. 

Oregon's postal abbreviation is OR and its FIPS state code is 41.

List of counties in New Mexico

There are 33 counties in the U.S. state of New Mexico. First there were nine counties formed in 1852. 

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, used by the United States government to uniquely identify states and counties, is provided with each entry. New Mexico's code is 35. When added with any county code it would be written as 35XXX. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county. 

Victoria Falls Bridge

The Victoria Falls Bridge crosses the Zambezi River just below the Victoria Falls and is built over the Second Gorge of the falls. The river is the border between Zimbabwe and Zambia. The bridge has border posts on both ends, at the towns of Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe and Livingstone, Zambia.

The bridge was the idea of Cecil Rhodes. It was part of his grand plan to build a railway from Cape Town to Cairo. He never visited the falls and died before the building of the bridge began. Rhodes told the engineers to "build the bridge across the Zambezi where the trains, as they pass, will catch the spray of the Falls". It was designed by George Anthony Hobson, of consultants Sir Douglas Fox and Partners, not as is often stated, Sir Ralph Freeman, the same engineer who designed the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Freeman, who also worked for Sir Douglas Fox and Partners, did the calculation of stresses for the bridge.

The bridge was built in England by the Cleveland Bridge & Engineering Company. It was then shipped to the Mozambique port of Beira and transported on the newly built railway to the Victoria Falls. It took just 14 months to put together and was completed in 1905. 

The bridge was officially opened by Professor George Darwin, son of Charles Darwin, and President of the British Association (now the Royal Society) on 12 September 1905. The American Society of Civil Engineers lists the bridge as a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Made from steel, the bridge is long, with a main arch spanning . It is above the lower water level of the river in the gorge below. It carries a road, railway and footway. The bridge is the only rail link between Zambia and Zimbabwe, and one of only three road links between the two countries. The other road links are at Chirundu Bridge and Kariba Dam.

The Victoria Falls Bridge did not bring the first train or the first railway to Zambia. In order build the railway north as fast as possible, Cecil Rhodes wanted the Livingstone to Kalomo line built before the bridge was finished. A locomotive was carried in pieces across the gorge by the temporary electronic cableway used to carry the bridge materials. The cableway was called the 'Blondin' by the bridge engineers. The locomotive was put back together and started work months before the bridge was complete. 

For more than 50 years the bridge was used by passenger trains as part of the main route between the then Northern Rhodesia, southern Africa and Europe. Freight trains carried mainly copper ore (later, copper ingots) and timber out of Zambia, and coal into the country.

The age of the bridge and maintenance problems have led to traffic restrictions at times. Trains cross at less than walking pace and trucks were limited to loads of 30 tons. Bigger trucks have to take the longer road using the Kazungula Ferry or Chirundu Bridge. The limit was raised after repairs in 2006. The bridge needs to be extensively rebuilt or replaced. 

During the Rhodesian UDI crisis and Bush War the bridge was often closed (and regular passenger services have not been successful). In 1975, the bridge was the site of unsuccessful peace talks when the parties met in a train carriage above the gorge for nine and a half hours. In 1980 freight and road services restarted and have continued without interruption except for maintenance.

Today one of the Victoria Falls Bridge's main attraction are historical guided tours about the construction of the bridge and which include a walking tour under the main deck. On the Zambian side there is a small museum about the bridge which is free to enter and contains cafe selling refreshments.
Also located on the bridge is the Shearwater bungee jump including a bungee swing and zip-line. Concerns about safety of the attraction were raised in late 2011 after the bungee's cord snapped and a young Australian woman fell into the fast flowing river with many crocodiles.

The bridge was originally called the Great Zambesi or Zambezi bridge, later becoming known as the Victoria Falls Bridge.

The Location of the bridge and surrounding area by Openstreetmap

List of counties in Utah

There are 29 counties in the U.S. state of Utah. 

There were ten counties in the Territory of Utah that were added into other states or Utah counties.

The Mysteries of Alfred Hedgehog

The Mysteries of Alfred Hedgehog is a animated television series. That airs on Nickelodeon the main characters are talking animals from the Gnarly Woods. The program follows three characters, Alfred Hedgehog, Camille Wallaby, and Milo Skunk, as they solve mysteries.





Nickelodeon (US) TVO (Canada) France 5 (France)

List of counties in Wyoming

There are 23 counties in the U.S. state of Wyoming. First there were five counties in the Wyoming Territory. They were Laramie and Carter, formed in 1867; Carbon and Albany formed in 1868; and Uinta, an added portion of Utah and Idaho, extending from Montana (including Yellowstone Park) to the Wyoming-Utah boundary. On July 10, 1890, Wyoming was admitted to the Union with thirteen counties.

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, used by the United States government to uniquely identify states and counties, is provided with each entry. Wyoming's code is 56. When combined with any county code it would be written as 56XXX. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county.

List of counties in New Jersey

There are 21 counties in the U.S. state of New Jersey. These counties together have 564 municipalities, or administrative entities composed of clearly defined territory; 253 boroughs, 52 cities, 15 towns, 241 townships, and 3 villages. In New Jersey, a county is a local level of government between the state and municipalities. County government in New Jersey includes a Board of Chosen Freeholders, sheriff, clerk, and surrogate (responsible for uncontested and routine probate). All of these jobs are elected officials. Counties are responsible for the maintenance of jails, parks, and certain roads. The site of a county's administration and courts is called the county seat.

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties, is provided with each entry. FIPS codes are five digit numbers. For New Jersey the codes start with 34 and are completed with the three digit county code. The FIPS code for each county in the table links to census data for that county.

List of counties in Nevada

There are sixteen counties and one independent city in the U.S. state of Nevada. On November 25, 1861, the first Nevada Territorial Legislature formed nine counties. When Nevada joined the United States on October 31, 1864 it had eleven counties. 


Ragheb Harb

Ragheb Harb (1952-1984) was one of the Shia resistance leaders in Lebanon against Israel's occupation in Southern Lebanon. He was assassinated by Israelis on 16 February 1984.

He was one of the founders of Hezbollah.

List of counties in New Hampshire

There are 10 counties in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. Five of the counties were formed in 1769. This was when New Hampshire was still an English colony and not a state. 

The FIPS county code is the five-digit Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code which uniquely identifies counties and county equivalents in the United States. The three-digit number is unique to each individual county within a state. The code for New Hampshire is 33. The links in the column "FIPS County Code" are to the Census Bureau Info page for that county.

List of counties in Rhode Island

This is a list of the five counties in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. Rhode Island is tied with Hawaii for having the second lowest number of counties of any U.S. state. Delaware has fewer, with three counties. Although Rhode Island is divided into counties, it does not have any local government at the county level. Instead, local governance is provided by the eight cities and thirty-one towns. It has a rich history, and is known as The Plantation State, The Ocean State, or Little Rhody.

Within Rhode Island, Washington County is often referred to as South County.

The colony of Rhode Island was formed in the 17th century. It was the first of the thirteen original American colonies to declare independence from British rule in 1776. The counties were all established before the Declaration of Independence.

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, used by the United States government to uniquely identify states and counties, is provided with each entry. Rhode Island's code is 44. When combined with any county code is written as 44XXX. The FIPS code for each county links to census data for that county. 

Chillin

"Chillin'" is the first single by rapper Wale from his first album "Attention Deficit". It features guest vocals from Lady Gaga. The song reached number 12 on the UK Singles Chart and number 99 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Federal University of Minas Gerais

Federal University of Minas Gerais ("Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais", short UFMG) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Established in 1927, it is the largest university in Minas Gerais as well as one the country's most prestigious universities.

Federal Center for Technological Education of Minas Gerais

Federal Center of Technological Education of Minas Gerais ("Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica de Minas Gerais", short Cefet-MG) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Established in 1909, it is the second largest university in Minas Gerais as well as one the country's most prestigious universities.


State University of Feira de Santana

State University of Feira de Santana ("Universidade Estadual de Feira de Santana", short UEFS) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Bahia. Established in 1976, it is the second largest university in Bahia as well as one the most prestigious universities in this state. 

Federal University of Bahia

Federal University of Bahia ("Universidade Federal da Bahia", short UFBA) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Bahia. Established in 1946, it is the largest university in Bahia as well as one the country's most prestigious universities.

Théâtre du Châtelet

The Théâtre du Châtelet () is a theatre and opera house in Paris seating 2,500 people. It was designed by Gabriel Davioud. 
It was built between 1860 and 1862. It was named the "Théâtre Impérial du Châtelet". It was built on a site where a châtelet (small castle) once stood. The theatre has undergone remodeling and name changes over the years. The theatre sits on the Place du Châtelet facing the Théâtre de la Ville. At the centre of the plaza is a fountain is a sphinx fountain, erected in 1808, which celebrates Napoleon's victory in Egypt.

The Théâtre du Châtelet was originally used for drama performances. In April 1876, the stage version of "Around the World in Eighty Days" began a run spanning sixty-four years and 2195 performances. The theatre was used for operettas, variety and ballet performances, and for concerts. It was also, for a time, a movie theatre. "Petrouchka" premiered in the theatre on 13 June 1911, and "Parade" on 18 May 1917. Tchaikovsky, Mahler, and Richard Strauss made appearances here.

The theatre has been operated by the City of Paris since 1979. It has undergone a major restoration. It re-opened under the name of the "Théâtre Musical de Paris" in 1980. It was acoustically re-modeled again in 1989. It returned to the "Théâtre du Châtelet" name. In 1995, the theatre received additional improvements in acoustics and sightlines. Today, the theatre is mainly used for opera performances and concerts.



Bailey bridge

A Bailey bridge is a factory made truss bridge. It was made in small sections that could be easily moved and put together on site. It was developed by the British during World War II for military use. 

A Bailey bridge did not need special tools or heavy equipment to put into place. The wood and steel bridge parts were small and light enough to be carried in trucks and lifted into place by hand. The bridges were strong enough to carry tanks. Bailey bridges continue to be used in building projects and to provide temporary crossings for people and vehicles. 

It was designed by a British engineer, Donald Bailey. The British army tested different bridge designs in 1941–1942, including a suspension bridge and a stepped arch bridge. The flat truss bridge was the most successful. An early test model of the Bailey flat truss bridge is still in place over Mother Siller's Channel in Dorset. The Bailey bridge was first used by the army in Tobruk in 1942. The US Army built many of the bridges for use after the D-Day landings in France.

The basic Bailey bridge is made up of three main parts, the "floor", the "stringers" and the side "panels". The floor of the bridge is made up of a number of that run across the bridge. Across the bottom of these, forming a square, are . The bridge's strength is provided by the panels on the sides. The panels are , , cross-braced rectangles. Each weighs , and can be lifted by six men.

The transoms rest on the lower part of the panels, and are held together by clamps. The stringers are placed on top of the completed structural frame, and large pieces of wood are placed on top of the stringers to provide a roadbed. Ribands bolt the planking to the stringers. Later in the war, the wood was covered by steel plates, to protect it from the damage caused by tank tracks.

Each unit built in this way is a single section of bridge, with a roadbed. After one section is complete it is pushed forward over rollers on the bridgehead, and another section built behind it. The two are then connected together with pins pounded into holes in the corners of the panels.

Bailey bridges are in regular use throughout the world. Some examples include:

The Skylark launch tower at Woomera was built up of Bailey bridge parts.


Serial Mom

Serial Mom is a 1994 dark comedy that stars Kathleen Turner as the "serial mom", Sam Waterston as husband Eugene, Matthew Lillard as Chip and Ricki Lake as Misty. It was released April 13, 1994. The "serial mom", named Beverly, is a typical housewife from Baltimore raising her kids, although she tends to kill on just the mildest criticism or the slightest insult. She also performs obscene telephone calls. "Serial Mom" got mixed reviews, though it has become a cult classic over the years. "Serial Mom" was directed by John Waters.

Oresund Bridge

The Øresund Bridge (, , joint hybrid name: "Øresundsbron") is a bridge and tunnel across the Øresund strait. It connects Denmark and Sweden.

The construction of the Øresund Bridge began in 1995. When it was finished in 1999, Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark and Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden met in the middle.

The official opening was on 1 July 2000. Queen Margrethe II and King Carl XVI Gustaf led the ceremonies together.



John Waters

John Waters (born April 22, 1946 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American writer, stand up comedian and movie maker. He first became famous during the 1970s. He is the director of many movies. These include "Hairspray" (1988) and "Serial Mom". Waters has written books. In 1986 "Crackpot: The Obsessions of John Waters" was published. Waters has acted in several movies. He did the voice of a gay man called "John" in an episode of "The Simpsons" called "Homer's Phobia".

Waters is openly gay.

Morell Bridge

The Morell Bridge is a bridge over the Yarra River in South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia. It was built in 1899 by John Monash and J. T. N. Anderson. It was the first bridge in Victoria to be built using reinforced concrete.

It has decorations on the three arch spans, including large dragons, and Victorian era lighting. The drains on the bridge are cobbled bluestone, with a single vehicle lane in the middle. The bridge is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register. It was built on dry land, and the course of the Yarra River was later changed to flow under the bridge.

It was first called the Anderson Street bridge, but it was named the Morell Bridge in 1936 after Sir Stephen Morell
who was Lord Mayor of Melbourne between 1926 and 1928.

On June 7, 1998 the bridge was closed to motor vehicles as part of the CityLink project. It is now used by cyclists and people, joining the Royal Botanic Gardens to the Olympic Park areas.

Verrazano-Narrows Bridge

The Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge (also referred to as the Verrazzano Bridge, locally as the Verrazzano, and formerly as the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge or Narrows Bridge) is a suspension bridge in New York City. It connects the boroughs of Staten Island and Brooklyn.

The bridge is named for the Italian explorer Giovanni da Verrazzano. His ship was the first to enter New York Harbor.

When construction was finished, the Verrazzano-Narrows was the longest suspension bridge in the world. It was the longest until the Humber Bridge surpassed that length in 1981.


Great Belt Fixed Link

The Great Belt Fixed Link (also called the Great Belt Bridge) (), is the bridge and tunnel across the strait between the main Danish islands of Zealand ("Sjælland") and Funen ("Fyn").

This waters between the two Danish islands is called the Great Belt ().



Bleeding

Bleeding, technically known as haemorrhaging (Brit.) or hemorrhaging (US) is the loss of blood or blood escape from the circulatory system. 

Bleeding can occur internally, where blood leaks from blood vessels inside the body, or externally, either through a natural opening such as the vagina, mouth, nose, ear or anus, or through a break in the skin.

Desanguination is a major blood loss. Exsanguination is losing enough blood to cause death. A person does not have to lose all of their blood to die. People can die from losing half to two-thirds of their blood.

Typically, a healthy person can endure a loss of 10–15% of the total blood volume without serious medical difficulties, and blood donation typically takes 8–10% of the donor's blood volume.

The World Health Organization (WHO) established a scale to measure different degrees of blood loss, from level 0 to 4. Level 0 indicates no blood loss, whilst level 4 represents the highest level of hemorrhaging, with a risk of fatality.

Toshiya Fujita

Fujita was born in Shizuoka on October 4, 1971. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined newly was promoted to J1 League club, Júbilo Iwata in 1994. The club won the J1 League champions in 1997, 1999 and 2002. He was selected MVP in 2001 and "Japanese Footballer of the Year" in 2002. This was golden era in the club history and he was one of the central player in golden era. In summer 2003, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Utrecht on loan. In January 2004, he returned to Júbilo Iwata. However his opportunity to play decreased from 2005. In summer 2005, he moved to Nagoya Grampus Eight (later "Nagoya Grampus"). Toward the end of his career, he played for J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto (2009–2010) and JEF United Chiba (2011).

On February 15, 1995, Fujita debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. In June 1999, he was selected Japan for the first time in 4 years by manager Philippe Troussier. He played at 1999 Copa América. In 2001, he was selected Japan for 2001 Confederations Cup. Although he did not played in the match, Japan won the 2nd place. In October 2003, he was selected Japan for the first time in 4 years by manager Zico. In 2004, he played at 2006 World Cup qualification. He was also selected Japan for 2004 Asian Cup. Although he did not played in the match, Japan won the champions for 2 times in a row. He played 24 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2005.

498||106||35||7||67||10||8||1||608||124
14||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||3||0||17||1
512||107||35||7||67||10||11||1||625||125

!Total||24||3

Rumpelstiltskin

"Rumpelstiltskin" () is a fairy tale. It was first published by the Brothers Grimm in their "Children's and Household Tales" of 1812. There are many similar tales such as "Tom-Tit-Tot". Maria Tatar points out that the Rumpelstiltskin plot hinges on greed and deception, and has little moral value for children. 

A poor miller tells the king that his daughter can spin straw into gold. The king locks her in a castle room to test her. She cries because the task is impossible. A little man appears. He spins the straw into gold. He takes a trinket in payment. The king is delighted. He does not know the girl has had supernatural help. He tests the girl again the next night. Once more, the little man does the task and receives a trinket. On the third night, the girl promises to give the little man her first-born child in payment for again spinning the straw into gold. The king marries the girl. She gives birth to a child. The little man comes to claim the child. He gives the queen the chance to keep her baby if she can guess his name. A courtier spies on the little man and learns his name is Rumpelstiltskin. The queen confronts the little man with his name. He rages and tears himself in two.



Edward Thorndike

Edward Lee "Ted" Thorndike (August 31, 1874 – August 9, 1949) was an American psychologist. He spent most of entire career at Teachers College, Columbia University. He worked on ethology and the learning process. This led to the theory of connectionism, and helped lay the scientific foundation for modern educational psychology.

Thorndike also worked on industrial problems, such as employee exams and testing. He was a member of the board of the Psychological Corporation, and served as president of the American Psychological Association in 1912.

The law of effect basically states that “responses that produce a satisfying effect in a particular situation become more likely to occur again in that situation, and responses that produce a discomforting effect become less likely to occur again in that situation”.

Thorndike's textbooks were widely used in psychology courses for teacher training in the first part of the twentieth century.


Argentan

Argentan is a French city in the Orne department, in Lower Normandy. 17 327 people live there. The size is . The river Orne flows through Argentan. The forests of Gouffern and Ecouves are nearby.

Argentan was built at the beginning of the 12th century by Henry II. Henry was a Normandy duke and also the king of England.

There are three churches: Saint Martin, Saint Germain and Saint Michel.

Special wards of Tokyo

In 1889, 15 wards were established in the city of Tokyo. The number of wards grew to 35 in 1932. The number of wards became 23 in 1947.

The traditional districts of Tokyo evolved as the city grew during the Edo period. There are many districts in Tokyo's special wards.

</TABLE>



Guru Har Krishan

Guru Har Krishan ( ; 23 July 1656 – 30 March 1664) was the eighth of the ten gurus of Sikhism. He became Guru on 7 October 1661, on the death of his father, Guru Har Rai. Due to the smallpox epidemic that was happening at that time, Guru Har Krishan died at the young age of 7. His grand-uncle, Guru Tegh Bahadur, became the next Guru of the Sikhs.

Adachi, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Adachi City" in English.

Adachi is in northern Tokyo. It borders Arakawa on the south. Kita is on the ward's western border. Saitama Prefecture is on the norther border.
Katsushika is on the east.



Academy Award for Best Actress

The Academy Award for Best Actress is awarded for best performance by an actress in a leading role in a movie. The award is presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. 

Winners are listed first in colored row, followed by the other nominees.

Tallit

A tallit is a prayer shawl worn by Jewish men from the age of thirteen. Jewish men are often buried in their tallit.

Paul-Louis Arslanian

Paul-Louis Arslanian is the former head of the French "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile" (1995-2009). Mr Arslanian is Officier of the Légion d'honneur, graduates from "École Polytechnique" (promotion 1965) and "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (promotion 1970).

Paul-Louis Arslanian starts his career as civil aviation engineer at the French Directorate General for Civil Aviation and then at the "Inspection générale de l'aviation civile et de la météorologie (IGACEM)". He became head of the "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile" in 1995. He is replaced by Jean-Paul Troadec in 2009.

Gérard Mestrallet

Gérard Mestrallet (born 1 April 1949 in Paris) is the current CEO of GDF Suez.
He graduated from the Institut d'études politiques de Toulouse, the École Polytechnique of Paris, the École nationale de l'aviation civile of Toulouse and the École nationale d’administration.

Easington Community Science College

Easington Community Science College is a multi-gender comprehensive school for ages 11–16. It is in the village of Easington, in County Durham, north east England. It specialises in science but also teaches English, maths, modern foreign languages, information communication technology, drama, physical education, history, geography, religious education, design and technology, statistics, media, art and music. It has about 70 classrooms.

Many former students of this school have become famous, like Matt Baker and Adam Johnson. The school has a very good history for P.E. Lots of their former students are now football players. In 2011 the students were moved into the new school which is a lot more modern. The school also has a specialised music corridor for students to practise their instruments this leads straight into the hall.

Easington has 5 house groups:

These were all named after victims of the 1951 Easington Colliery pit disaster. The school colours are red and black.

Pas de Quatre

Pas de Quatre is a romantic ballet with music by Cesare Pugni and choreography by Jules Perrot. It premiered at Her Majesty's Theatre in London on 12 July 1845. The critics raved. The ballet was created for the four great ballerinas of the age: Marie Taglioni, Carlotta Grisi, Fanny Cerrito, and Lucile Grahn. The ballet was given four performances. Queen Victoria and Prince Albert attended the third performance.

It was thought that the four great ballerinas would never consent to appear on stage together. They were very jealous and extremely competitive. It was only through the tactful persistence of Benjamn Lumley, the manager of the theatre that the ballet was realized. Fanny Essler was one of the great ballerinas of the age, but not invited to participate because she was Taglioni's greatest rival. She had threatened to dance Taglioni's signature piece "La Sylphide". 


Victorian Heritage Register

The Victorian Heritage Register is a list of places of cultural heritage important to the State of Victoria, Australia. It has legal powers under the Heritage Act 1995. Heritage Victoria is the government department which is responsible for the register. It protects a wide range of cultural heritage places and objects, including: 

Heritage Victoria is part of the Department of Planning and Community Development, a department of the Government of Victoria, Australia. Heritage Victoria reports to the Heritage Council who decide which places and items should be on the register. The Minister for Planning is the responsible Minister for Heritage Victoria and the Heritage Act 1995.

It lists important buildings and other places in Victoria. It gives legal protection to stop listed sites being destroyed or changed. Removing an item from the list can only be done by a government minister.

All places and objects listed on the register are entitled to a blue sign.


Don Ho

Donald Tai Loy "Don" Ho (; August 13, 1930 – April 14, 2007) was a Hawaiian musician, singer and actor.

Ho is of Chinese, Hawaiian, Portuguese, Dutch, and German descent. He was born in the small Honolulu neighborhood of Kakaako. Ho grew up in Kāneohe on island of Oahu. He was a graduate of the Kamehameha Schools in 1949. He attended Springfield College on a football scholarship in 1950. Ho left Springfield and returned home to earn a bachelor's degree in sociology at University of Hawai'i in 1953. In 1954, Ho entered the United States Air Force. He did his basic training at Keesler AFB, Mississippi. Ho spent time flying fighter jets in both Texas and Hawaii. When he was sent to Hamilton AFB, California, he went to the local town of Concord and bought an electronic keyboard from a music store. He was known to say, "That's when it all started."

Don married the girl he was in love with in high school, Melvamay Kolokea Wong, on November 21, 1951. She was the mother to the first six of his children. Ho was married for 48 years until she died on June 8, 1999. While in the military, Ho lived in many states with his family until he was called home to help his mother Honey Ho, with the family bar business called Honey's.

Ho left the United States Air Force in 1959 due to his mother's illness. He began singing at his mother's club in Kaneohe. Honey's became a main location for the local entertainment. Many of their customers were from the Kaneohe Marine Base.. Ho always honored the military. He remembered his own years of military service. In 1963, he moved the club in Kāneohe to Waikīkī. After much success, Kimo Wilder McVay wanted Don to play at a night club called "Duke's". It was owned by Duke Kahanamoku. This was where he was noticed by record company officials.

Ho was first signed to Reprise Records. He released his first album, "Don Ho Show", in 1965. Ho began to play places in Las Vegas, Lake Tahoe, and New York City. In 1966, he released his second album. It was a live album called "Don Ho — Again!". This album charted in the early part of that year. In the fall of 1966, Ho released his most famous song, "Tiny Bubbles". The song charted on both the pop (#8 Billboard) and easy listening charts. The "Tiny Bubbles" LP was in the album Top 20 for almost a year.

Ho had many guest appearances on television series. These included "I Dream of Jeannie", "The Brady Bunch", "Sanford and Son", "Batman", "Charlie's Angels", and "Fantasy Island". Although his album sales peaked in the late 1960s, he was able to get a television series on ABC from October 1976 to March 1977. It was called the "Don Ho Show". It was a variety program and was broadcast on weekday mornings. 
Ho had ten children. His children often worked with him either. They either performed with him or were a part of the business part of his performances. He loved to work with his children. He taught them the entertainment business. His daughter, Hoku, performed with her father in his Waikīkī show. In 2000, she went on to become a well known singer. In 2005, he sang a song that was used as the opening theme to the direct-to-video and DVD movie "Aloha, Scooby-Doo!".

In 1995 at the age of 65, Ho's health began to get bad. He had a small stroke. By 2002, he had a heart condition that could not be fixed. He was always hopeful no matter how bad his health was. He always felt there was a way to fix things. He also kept singing ever night.

Ho was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy in 2005. He had a pacemaker implanted. He talked with a biotechnology company that dealt with treating heart conditions with adult stem cells. This company was working with Dr. Shoa, cardiac surgeon and one of the first people to work with adult stem cells for heart disease. On December 6, 2005, Ho had his own stem cells put into his heart by Amit Patel and his other doctors in Thailand. The treatment went without problems. Later in the month, Ho said, "I'm feeling much better and I'm so happy I came up here to do it."

Around September 12, 2006, Ho married Haumea Hebenstreit. She worked on his show in Waikīkī. A few days later Ho went into cardiac arrest. He had had a new pacemaker installed on September 16, 2006, but still died in Waikīkī from heart failure on April 14, 2007.


Anaïs Mitchell

Anaïs Mitchell (; born March 26, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist.

Anaïs Mitchell is the daughter of a novelist and a college professor. She started writing and performing songs at the age of seventeen. As a child, she grew up on a farm in Addison County, Vermont. She also traveled to the Middle East, Europe and Latin America. She later studied at Middlebury College.

In 2002, Mitchell recorded her first album "The Song They Sang When Rome Fell".

In 2003 Mitchell won the "New Folk" award at the Kerrville Folk Festival.

Her album, "Hymns for the Exiled", was released on Chicago's Waterbug Records label in 2004. This recording caused her to be noticed by singer/songwriter, Ani DiFranco. DiFranco signed Mitchell to the Righteous Babe Records label.

In 2008 Mitchell was nominated in the "Contemporary Artist" category of the third annual Folk Alliance awards show broadcast. In September that same year Righteous Babe Records released "country e.p."

Mitchell released an album called "Young Man in America," on her Wilderland Records label in 2012.

Mitchell has gotten good reviews on her musical style and performance. An article in "Acoustic Guitar" magazine compares her to Dylan, Cohen, and Welch.

A review in "No Depression" magazine said that Mitchell is "girlishly sprite and brimming with innocence" and says that she "brings to mind the hippie-throwback charm of Victoria Williams and "80s pop star Cyndi Lauper".



Shrikant Jichkar

Shrikant Jichkar (September 14, 1954 – June 2, 2004) was an Indian politician and a member of the Indian Congress Party.

Jichkar was born into a Marathi-Kunbi family of rich farmers in Aajangaon near Katol in Nagpur district, Maharashtra, India. He died after a car accident at Dhamana Shivar, about 40 km from Nagpur.
He began his political career as a student and youth leader. In 1977, Jichkar was elected President of the Nagpur University Student's Council. In 1980 at age 25, he was elected to Maharashtra Legislative Assembly and from 1986 to 1992 he was a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Council. He became a minister in the government with a number of different portfolios. After 12 years in the Maharashtra legislature, he was elected to the Indian Parliament in 1992 where he served as an MP until 1998. In 1999 he was defeated by 3000 votes in an electorate of 1.4 million voters.


Color of Night

Color of Night is a 1994 American erotic mystery thriller movie. It was released on August 19, 1994. It is directed by Richard Rush. It stars Bruce Willis, Jane March and Scott Bakula. "Color of Night" gained notoriety for sex scenes between Willis and March, which were somewhat graphic and explicit by mainstream standards. The character Rose (played by March) is a bisexual woman. The scenes led the MPAA to give "Color of Night" an NC-17 rating; certain scenes were then removed before release. "Color of Night" is rated R for sexual content, graphic violence and very strong language. "Maxim" magazine has singled out the movie as having the best sex scene in movie history.

Muriel's Wedding

Muriel's Wedding is a 1994 Australian comedy-drama movie. It was directed by P. J. Hogan and stars Toni Collette as Muriel Heslop. She is a socially inept, plain, dowdy, overweight young woman who has low self-esteem and is obsessed with ABBA music. Bill Hunter plays her uncaring father Bill and Rachel Griffiths plays her friend Rhonda. "Muriel's Wedding" was released 29 September 1994 (during 1995 in the United States). It is set in New South Wales and was shot there and in Queensland.

Pony

There are many different breeds of ponies. A baby horse or pony is called a foal. These horses are raised around farms like other horses. Ponies are usually more chubby than horses and ponies have shorter legs. Miniature horses are not ponies but are actually mini horses because they have the features of a horse (i.e. longer legs and they are not as chubby as ponies). Shetland ponies are around the same height as miniature horse maybe a bit bigger a times but they ARE ponies not miniature horses.

Pony is also a Ginuwine song that was released in 1996.

These are some well-known pony breeds:

Lloyd Sherr

Lloyd Sherr (born February 28, 1956), also known by his stage name Max Raphael, is an American voice actor and comedian. He became the voice of Fillmore in the "Cars" franchise (after George Carlin's death in 2008) and Everett in the "Barnyard" franchise. He also voices Tony Trihull in the "Cars" series.

Sherr's stage name is a combination of his kids' names Max and Raphael (as listed on his website )


T helper cell

T helpers are a kind of lymphocyte blood cell, produced in the thymus. They do not kill or eat bacteria. What they do is to help other immune cells target onto infecting bacteria. They activate T-killer cells (cytotoxic T cells) and B cells to kill infecting bacteria or cells that are infected by viruses.
T helpers get attacked by HIV virus.

Jezebel (1938 movie)

Jezebel is a 1938 American drama movie. It stars Bette Davis and Henry Fonda. It was directed by William Wyler. The movie was based on a play by Owen Davis, Sr. Bette Davis won the Best Actress Academy Award for her performance. The movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 2009.

The movie is set in Louisiana before the American Civil War. The story is about a headstrong young woman. She makes a social blunder that costs her the love of her fiancé. She finds redemption in nursing him during a yellow fever epidemic.


Alveolo-palatal consonant

In phonetics, alveolo-palatal (or alveopalatal) consonants are palatalized postalveolar sounds. They are usually fricatives and affricates. We pronounce them with the blade of the tongue behind the alveolar ridge, and the body of the tongue raised toward the palate. These consonants are similar to palato-alveolar consonants, but alveolo-palatal consonants are more fully palatalized.

We often use the alveolo-palatal sibilants in the Chinese languages (e.g.Mandarin, Hakka, and Wu), and other languages in the East Asian sprachbund (e.g.Japanese and Korean). Many slavic languages (e.g.Polish, Russian and Serbo-Croatian) also contains alveolo-palatal sibilants. Northwest Caucasian languages (e.g. Abkhaz and Ubykh) also use this consonant. Kinnauri uses an alveolo-palatal nasal. The alveolo-palatal consonants in the International Phonetic Alphabet are: 

The sinological circles sometimes use (), (), and () for alveolo-palatal plosives, nasals and liquids. But the IPA does not accept these symbols. We sometimes use these symbol to represent simple palatal or platalized consonants. 

We consider the Polish nasal (represented with the letter "ń") to be alveolo-palatal, but not palatal. And the "palatal" consonants of several Indigenous Australian languages are also sometimes judged closer to alveolo-palatal in their articulation.

Michel Bernard

Michel Bernard (born 1 March 1943 in Bourges) was the head of the "Agence nationale pour l'emploi" from 1995 to 2005 and the President of Air Inter airline from November 1993 until March 1995.


Voiced bilabial nasal

The voiced bilabial nasal is a type of consonant. It is used in almost all spoken languages. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨m⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by "m" in "map" and "rum".

Nearly all languages contain this sound. A few languages (for example, Mohawk) do not often use this sound.

John Thaw

John Thaw CBE (3 January 1942 - 21 February 2002) was a British actor.
Thaw was born in Longsight, and grew up in Gorton and Burnage, all areas of south Manchester. He is best known for his starring roles in "The Sweeney", "Inspector Morse" and "Kavanagh QC".

Thaw was married to actress Sheila Hancock (born 1933) from 1973 until his death from oesophageal cancer in Luckington, Wiltshire.






Dirk Bogarde

Sir Dirk Bogarde (born Derek Niven van den Bogaerde; 28 March 19218 May 1999) was a British actor and writer.

Bogarde was born in West Hampstead, London. He starred in many movies, including "Victim", "The Servant", "Darling", "Accident" and "Death in Venice".

Bogarde wrote novels, autobiographies and memoirs.

Bogarde was a closeted homosexual who lived with his partner Anthony Forwood (1915-1988) for nearly forty years until Forwood's death. Bogarde died of a heart attack in Chelsea, London.

Autauga County, Alabama

Autauga County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census the population was 58,805. Its county seat is Prattville.

Autauga County is part of the Montgomery Metropolitan Statistical Area.




Autauga County is home to several parks, such as Wilderness Park, Heritage Park, and Overlook Memorial Park.


Samuel L. Jackson

Samuel L. Jackson (born December 21, 1948) is an American movie actor and producer. He has starred in many movies. These include "The Avengers", "Die Hard with a Vengeance", "Django Unchained" and "Pulp Fiction".

Jackson was born in Washington, D.C. on December 21, 1948. He grew up in Chattanooga, Tennessee. During childhood, he had a stuttering problem, which he conquered by developing an affinity for the use of the curse word, "motherfucker", in his vocabulary. Jackson attended Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia. After joining a local acting group to earn extra points in a class, Jackson found an interest in acting and switched his major. Before graduating in 1972, he co-founded the "Just Us Theatre". Jackson is a sports fan and supports basketball teams Toronto Raptors and the Harlem Globetrotters and soccer club Liverpool FC. In 1980, Jackson married LaTanya Richardson, with whom he has a daughter, Zoe.

Jackson is also a big fan of Star Wars and portrayed the character Mace Windu in "", "" and "". He also reprised his role as Windu, in the animated film "" but not for the series. He also portrayed Nick Fury in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in "Iron Man" (2008), "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Thor" (2011), "" (2011), "The Avengers (movie)" (2012), "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" (2014), "" (2015), in two episodes of "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D" television series and "" (2018). In 2017, Jackson appeared as Colonel Preston Packard in "". In October 2011, Jackson surpassed Frank Welker as the highest-grossing film actor of all-time.

The "Barclays" campaign is called "Fluent in finance" and designed to be thought provoking, positioning Barclays as money experts. The campaign was created by Bartle Bogle Hegarty.

There are many 40-second executions for TV, directed by Jonathan Glazer, who also directed the Levi's "odyssey" ad for BBH and the feature film 'Sexy Beast'. The TV work is being supported by poster and press activity.

In the "Barclays" TV adverts, Samuel L. Jackson walks towards the camera, talking about different elements of money, sometimes with one female celebrity in a close-up shot at the end of the TV adverts, such as Chaka Khan, Sinitta, Madonna, Jamelia, Jennifer Lopez, Irene Cara, Rachel Stevens, Kylie Minogue, Taylor Swift, Carly Rae Jepsen, Beyoncé, Shakira, Jessie J, LeAnn Rimes, Carrie Grant, Zara Larsson, Beverley Knight, Natasha Bedingfield, Kelly Clarkson, Dua Lipa, Myleene Klass, Kimberley Walsh, Christina Aguilera, Katy Perry, Katy Ashworth, Lucy Verasamy, Lisa Scott-Lee, Clare Nasir, Alesha Dixon, Claudia Winkleman, Keeley Donovan, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, June Sarpong, Donna Summer, Ellie Goulding, Saira Khan, Gigi Morley, Rihanna, Helen Willetts, Melanie Sykes, Britney Spears, Victoria Hollins, Andrea McLean, Shappi Khorsandi, Rachel Riley, Maya Jama, Laura Tobin, Jenni Falconer, Angellica Bell, or Kemi Majeks.


Clayton, Alabama

Clayton is a town in and the county seat of Barbour County, Alabama, United States. The population was 2,265 at the 2020 census.

Clayton is located at 31°52'39.014" North, 85°26'56.486" West (31.877504, -85.449024).

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all of which is land.

Clayton is served by Barbour County Schools. Barbour County High School and Barbour County Primary School are located in the town of Clayton.


Bibb County, Alabama

Bibb County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of William Wyatt Bibb, the first Governor of Alabama. As of 2020 the population was 22,293. The county seat is Centreville. It is a "prohibition" or dry county which means alcoholic drinks cannot be sold.

Cahawba County was formed on February 7, 1818. It was named for the Cahawba River, (now more commonly "Cahaba River"). Cahawba is a Choctaw word for "water above." In 1820, it was renamed Bibb County.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.50%) is land and (or 0.50%) is water.








Bibb County is home to the Talladega National Forest. A section of the Cahaba River which draws visitors to view the unique Cahaba Lily, or Hymenocallis coronaria.

Mubariz Ibrahimov

Mubariz Aghakerim oglu Ibrahimov () (7 February, 1988, Əliabad, Bilasuvar Rayon, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR - 19 June 19 2010, Çaylı, Tartar Rayon, Azerbaijan) was an Azerbaijani Warrant Officer and National Hero of Azerbaijan.

Mehdi Huseynzade

Mehdi Hanifa oglu Huseynzade (December 22, 1918, Novxanı, Azerbaijan – November 2, 1944, Vitovlje, Slovenia) was an Azerbaijani guerrilla and scout during World War II. After he died he was given the title of Hero of the Soviet Union on April 11, 1957.

Huseynzade attended the Azerbaijan University of Languages.

His life and heroism during World War II was described in Imran Gasimov's book "On Distant Shores".

Ahmadiyya Jabrayilov

Ahmadiyya Mikail ogly Jabrayilov (, ; 22 September 1920, Ohud village, Shaki Rayon, Azerbaijani SSR – 11 October 1994, Shaki, Azerbaijan) was a purported Azerbaijani activist of the French Resistance. He was subsequently proven to be a Soviet propaganda invention.

Leyla Mammadbeyova

Leyla Alasgar qizi Mammadbeyova, née Zeynalova (Azeri: "Leyla Məmmədbəyova"; 1909, Baku – 1989, Baku), was the first Azerbaijani female aviator. She was also the first female pilot in Southern Europe and Western Asia.

Centreville, Alabama

Centreville is a city in Bibb County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,800. The city is the county seat of Bibb County.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Centreville has a total area of . is land and (1.75%) is water.

Centreville is served by the Bibb County Public School District. Schools in Centreville include Bibb County High School (grades 9 through 12) and Centreville Middle School (grades 5 through 8).

Cahawba Christian Academy is a private school serving grades pre-K to 12.


Tofik Bahramov

Tofik Bahram oglu Bahramov (Azeri: "Tofiq Bəhram oğlu Bəhramov" ; 29 January 1925 — 26 March 1993), commonly known as the Russian linesman in England, was an Azerbaijani football referee notable for being the linesman who helped to award a goal for England in the 1966 FIFA World Cup Final against West Germany. He was later rumoured to have been presented with a golden whistle by Queen Elizabeth II for his "services to England".


Blount County, Alabama

Blount County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 United States Census, 59,134 people lived there. Its county seat is Oneonta.

Blount County is a dry county which means alcoholic drinks cannot be sold. Alcohol can be sold in the city of Oneonta.

According to the Census Bureau, this county has a total area of . is land and (0.77%) is water.





Blount County is named the "Covered Bridge Capital of Alabama". It has more historic covered bridges standing within a single county than any other in the state. This county celebrates the Covered Bridge Festival every autumn in Oneonta.

Blount County is home to many outdoor activities, such as Rickwood Caverns State Park and the Locust Fork of the Black Warrior River that are used by canoeists and kayakers. The county is also home to the picturesque covered bridges: the Swann Covered Bridge, the Horton Mill Covered Bridge, and the Easley Covered Bridge. As of summer 2009, all three bridges were closed due to safety concerns. Repairs are scheduled to be completed in 2011.

Uzeyir Hajibeyov

Uzeyir bey Abdul Hussein oglu Hajibeyov (; ; September 18, 1885, Agjabadi – November 23, 1948, Baku) was an Azerbaijani and Soviet composer, conductor, publicist, playwright, teacher, translator, and social figure from Azerbaijan. He is recognized as the father of Azerbaijani classical music and opera. He composed the National Anthem of Azerbaijan and the Anthem of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.

Jeux

Jeux () is a modern ballet. It was choreographed by Nijinksy to music by Claude Debussy. It starred Nijinsky, Tamara Karsavina, and Ludmilla Schollar. It was first performed in the Théâtre des Champs Elysees in Paris on May 15, 1913. Grace Robert writes that the ballet was received "very tepidly".


Mining (military)

Mining, landmining or undermining is a way of attacking a walled city, fortress or castle during a siege. It has been used since before the Middle Ages. During the Middle Ages, "mines" or "tunnels" were dug underneath castles to let soldiers into the castle or to destroy the walls. 

The Siege of Petersburg included a "Battle of the Crater" inside a crater made by a big mine explosion. In World War I, trying to break the stalemate of trench warfare, soldiers tunneled under no man's land and put explosives beneath the enemy's trench. On 7 June 1917, as part of the Battle of Messines, the Allies set off hundreds of tonnes of high explosive in 19 mines at the same time. About 10,000 German troops were killed.

Spotify

Spotify () is an online music streaming service. It offers streaming of over 100 million songs and five million podcasts. The service was founded in 2006 by Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon. Spotify has around 527 million monthly active users. There are two versions of Spotify: a premium monthly subscription service and a free service which is supported by advertising. As of July 2023, Spotify is available in 184 countries, including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, India and the United States.

The Spotify web page instantly creates a listing of local music files which the user has stored on their computer or other devices. It does not mechanically duplicate or import the listing of music files. If the user prefers not to use the listing utility it can be inactivated in the preferences software application. 
The files created on the user’s computer can be imported to any device such as a mobile device with the use of the mobile client, or even upload these files to the Spotify Software Application. Users may only import or copy files that they have legally attained, even though the user has the choice to not utilize the Spotify service to import or copy their content that they have downloaded from other sites illegally online.

In 2023, Spotify acquiesced to pressure from several Israel-aligned and Zionist organizations to remove a Palestinian liberation song, Dammi Falastini by Mohammad Assaf, on the grounds that it is 'anti-Semitic'.

https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2023/5/24/why-was-a-palestinian-song-removed-from-spotify

Bullock County, Alabama

Bullock County, Alabama is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of Colonel Edward C. Bullock of Barbour County. As of 2020 the population was 10,357.

Bullock County was formed on December 5, 1866. The boundaries were changed in February 1867. In 1867, Union Springs was chosen as the county seat. 

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.83%) is land and (or 0.17%) is water. The county is in the southeastern section of the state, in the prairie region. The Chunnennuggee Ridge runs through the center of the county.





Franklin Field is a county-owned public-use airport. It is located five nautical miles (9 km) west of the central business district of Union Springs, Alabama.

Bullock County is home to several historic homes including the McCaslan-Garner House and Bonus-Foster-Chapman House.


Jeff Conine

Jeffrey Guy Conine (born June 27, 1966 in Tacoma, Washington) is a former Major League Baseball player. He played for the Florida Marlins, Kansas City Royals, and the Baltimore Orioles. He was in the 1994 All-Star game. He was called Mr. Marlin for his long history with the team.

Conine was a pitcher when he played college ball at UCLA. He was drafted by the Royals as a first baseman. When he joined the Marlins in 1992 he became a left fielder.

Butler County, Alabama

Butler County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of Captain William Butler, who was born in Virginia and fought in the Creek War. As of 2020 the population was 19,051. Its county seat is Greenville.


According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.87%) is land and (or 0.13%) is water.






Touch (disambiguation)

Touch is one of the senses that is part of the nervous system.

Touch may also refer to:





KCPQ

KCPQ (known as Fox 13 on the air, and styled as Q13 FOX on the logo) channel 13, is the Fox television affiliate station in Tacoma, Washington serving the Seattle/Tacoma television market, owned by the Tribune Company. KCPQ shares its studio and office facilities with sister station KZJO (channel 22, the area's MyNetworkTV affiliate) on the west shore of Lake Union in Seattle's Westlake neighborhood, and its transmitter is located on Gold Mountain in Bremerton, Washington."

KCPQ is one of five local Seattle TV stations seen in Canada on the Bell TV and Shaw Direct satellite providers. The station is also carried on several cable systems in British Columbia and southeastern Alaska, these include Optik TV.




All repeaters are owned by KCPQ and are in the Seattle-Tacoma area.


Fox (disambiguation)

The fox is an animal.

Fox may also refer to:


Chambers County, Alabama

Chambers County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020 the population was 34,772. Its county seat is Lafayette. Chambers County is included in the Valley, Alabama, Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Chambers County was formed on December 18, 1832. Its name is in honor of Henry H. Chambers. He was a United States Senator from Alabama.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.02%) is land and (or 0.98%) is water.




Arakawa, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Arakawa City" in English.

Arakawa is in east-central Tokyo. It borders Taitō on the south. Kita is on the ward's western border. Adachi is on the norther border.
Katsushika is on the east. Sumida are on the southeast border.



Bunkyō

The municipality calls itself "Bunkyo City" in English.

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Bunkyō was formed by combining the wards of Hongō and Koishikawa.

Bunkyō is in central Tokyo. It borders Shinjuku and Chiyoda on the south. Toshima is on the ward's western border. Kita is on the norther border. Taitō is on the east.



Mary Elizabeth Winstead

Mary Elizabeth Winstead (born November 28, 1984) is an American motion picture and television actress. She is known for roles in many feature films, with horror movies and sequels to "Die Hard". Her recent TV roles include the comedy series "BrainDead" (2016), medical drama "Mercy Street" (2016-17), and black comedy "Fargo" (2017).

She played Jessica in the soap opera "Passions" (1999-2000). She played Lucy McClane in "Live Free or Die Hard" (2007). She also played the scream queen in many horror pictures, including "Black Christmas" and "Final Destination 3".

In 2020, she played Huntress in "Birds of Prey".

Winstead was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. She was raised in Utah. In 2017, she began dating actor Ewan McGregor. They have one son, Laurie. McGregory and Winstead got married in April 2022.

Provinces of Bolivia

A province is the second largest administrative division in Bolivia, after a department. Each department is divided into provinces. There are 112 provinces in total.

The country's provinces are divided into 337 municipalities.


Provinces of Burkina Faso

The regions of Burkina Faso are divided into 45 administrative provinces.

List of Burkinabé provinces (capitals in parenthesis):

These provinces are divided into 301 communes.

Hostel: Part II

Hostel: Part II is an American horror drama of 2007. It is the sequel to the original "Hostel" and set in Slovakia like its predecessor. This horror drama performed slightly poor. It was restricted to adults in certain countries: in particular, New Zealand banned "Hostel: Part II" after its distributor would not remove the scene in which Lorna is in torture, though an edited version was released onto DVD in 2008.


Communes of Burundi

The provinces of Burundi are divided into 117 communes. The communes are divided into collines. The communes are listed below, by province:









Maggie Q

Margaret Denise Quigley (born May 22, 1979), better known as Maggie Q, is an American actress and former fashion model. She is known for many movie roles. They include the character Mai Linh in "Live Free or Die Hard" and her role with Tom Cruise in "". She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Provinces of Costa Rica

The provinces () are administrative parts of Costa Rica as in other countries.

The Constitution of Costa Rica says, in its Article 168, ""For Public Administration purposes, the national territory is divided into provinces, these into cantons and cantons into districts.""

, there are 7 provinces ("provincias"), 81 cantons ("cantones"), and 473 districts ("districtos").

The Law No. 36 of 7 December 1848 divided the country, for the first time, in provinces, cantons and districts, and created 6 provinces:

The law made Puntarenas as "comarca", an old category that does not exist any more. Puntarenas was made a province in 1858. In 1870, Limón was made a "comarca" with the eastern part of the Cartago province; in 1902, Limón was made a province.


List of Kataller Toyama players

The List of Kataller Toyama players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Kataller Toyama is a Japanese professional football club in Toyama.




Gutterballs

Gutterballs is a Canadian horror-comedy of 2008 (though released in 2009). It was submitted to MPAA but then released unrated when its director was told that almost 20 minutes would have to be shaved to avoid an NC-17 rating. "Gutterballs" received mixed to negative reviews by critics, though it also received warm greetings by the horror community. The "F-word" is mentioned over six hundred times in "Gutterballs".


Saw (movie)

Saw is a 2004 independent American psychological horror-thriller movie. It stars Leigh Whannell, Cary Elwes, Danny Glover and Monica Potter. It is the first movie of the "Saw" franchise. It was released on October 1, 2004 in the United Kingdom and on October 29, 2004 in the United States. "Saw" took in almost $100 million earnings worldwide and received high marks (holding a 7.6/10 on IMDb), though also some mixed to negative reviews from critics (50% critic score on Rotten Tomatoes). It was originally rated NC-17 by the MPAA as a result of strong graphic violence, although it was edited downwards and released with an R rating. The theme of "Saw" centers on the desire to stay alive, appreciation for life, kidnapping, imprisonment and torture. It was followed by eight sequels and a spin-off titled Spiral.

It follows the story of Adam (Whannell) and Dr. Gordon (Elwes) as the subjects of a serial killer's latest game, taking place in a dirty bathroom.

Émile Allegret

Émile Allegret (24 April 1907, Dijon – 22 November 1990, Vaux-sur-Mer) was a French soldier and member of the French Resistance during World War II. He graduated from the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university). After the war, he worked as an air navigation engineer.

Émile Allegret was a Commandeur of the Légion d'honneur.


Naoki Yamada

Yamada was born in Saitama on July 4, 1990. He joined J1 League club Urawa Reds from their youth team in 2008. Although he played many matches until 2011, he could hardly play in the match from 2012. In 2015, he moved to Shonan Bellmare on loan. He played many matches for Shonan. However Shonan was relegated to J2 League end of the 2016 season. In 2017, Shonan won the champions and was returned to J1 from 2018 in a year. In 2018, he returned to Urawa Reds. However there were few opportunities to play and he moved to Shonan Bellmare again in July 2019.

In August 2007, Yamada was selected Japan U-17 national team for 2007 U-17 World Cup. He wore the "number 10" shirt for Japan and played full time in all 3 matches. On May 27, 2009, he debuted for the Japan national team against Chile. He played 2 games for Japan until 2010.

146||12||15||4||28||4||189||20
146||12||15||4||28||4||189||20

!Total||2||0

Kosuke Ota

Ota was born in Machida on July 23, 1987. After graduating from Azabu University Fuchinobe High School, he joined J2 League club Yokohama FC in 2006. The club won the champions in 2006 and was promoted to J1 League. Although he played many matches from 2007, the club was relegated to J2 in a year. In 2009, he moved to J1 club Shimizu S-Pulse. The club won the 2nd place in the 2010 Emperor's Cup. In 2012, he moved to FC Tokyo. He was selected Best Elven in the 2014 and 2015 season. In January 2016, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Vitesse. In January 2017, he returned to FC Tokyo. In 2019, his opportunity to play decreased and moved to Nagoya Grampus in July. In 2021, he moved to Australian A-League club Perth Glory.

In July 2007, Ota was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2007 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 1 match as left side back against Nigeria. In January 2010, he was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 6. He played 7 games for Japan until 2015.

330||11||26||4||51||2||4||0||411||17
26||0||2||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||28||0
356||11||28||4||51||2||4||0||439||17

!Total||7||0

Kazuya Yamamura

Yamamura was born in Nagasaki on December 2, 1989. After graduating from Ryutsu Keizai University, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2012. He played many matches as defensive midfielder and center back. Kashima won the champions in the 2012 and 2015 J.League Cup. In 2016, he moved to J2 League club Cerezo Osaka. He played as defensive midfielder and Cerezo was promoted to J1 end of the 2016 season. In 2017, he mainly played as offensive midfielder. Cerezo also won the J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. In 2019, he moved to Kawasaki Frontale.

In January 2010, when Yamamura was a Ryutsu Keizai University student, he was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 6. In 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 3 matches and Japan won the 4th place.

179||23||18||2||25||1||8||0||330||26
179||23||18||2||25||1||8||0||330||26

!Total||1||0

Takuji Yonemoto

Yonemoto was born in Itami on December 3, 1990. After graduating from Itami High School, he joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2009. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from first season. Tokyo won the champions in the 2009 J.League Cup. However he could not play many matches for injury in 2010 and 2011 season. Tokyo was relegated to J2 League end of the 2010 season. In 2011, Tokyo won the champions and returned to J1 in a year. He played many matches again from the 2012 season. He played 215 matches for the club in 10 seasons. In 2019, he moved to Nagoya Grampus.

In 2007, Yonemoto was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2007 U-17 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 2 matches. In January 2010, he was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 6.

283||6||19||0||41||3||12||0||355||9
283||6||19||0||41||3||12||0||355||9

!Total||1||0

Kensuke Nagai

Nagai was born in Fukuyama on March 5, 1989. When he played for Fukuoka University, he also played for Avispa Fukuoka (2009) and Vissel Kobe (2010). After graduating from the university, he joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus in 2011. He played many matches from first season and Nagoya won the 2nd place in the 2011 J1 League. In January 2013, he moved to Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège. However there were few opportunities to play. In August 2013, he returned to Nagoya. Nagoya was relegated to J2 League end of the 2016 season. In 2017, he moved to FC Tokyo.

In January 2010, Nagai was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 6. In 2012, he was also selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan won the 4th place. He played 12 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2019.

290||61||16||10||32||6||18||4||356||81
3||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||3||0
293||61||16||10||32||6||18||4||359||81

!Total||12||3

Junichi Inamoto

Inamoto was born in Osaka Prefecture on September 18, 1979. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka from their youth team in 1997. In April when at the age of 17, he debuted opening match in 1997 season, which made him the youngest player who played J1 League at that time. He played for Gamba until summer 2001 and played 118 matches in J1 League. In summer 2001, he moved to English Premier League club Arsenal FC. After that, he played many European club, Fulham, West Bromwich Albion, Cardiff City, Galatasaray, Eintracht Frankfurt and Stade Rennais. In 2010, he returned to Japan and joined Kawasaki Frontale. He played for the club in 5 season. In 2015, he moved to J2 League club Consadole Sapporo (later "Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo"). Although the club won the champions in 2016 and was promoted to J1, he could not play many matches from the 2016 season. In 2019, he moved to J3 League club SC Sagamihara. The club won the 2nd place in 2020 and was promoted to J2.

In August 1995, Inamoto was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 1995 U-17 World Championship and played all 3 matches. In April 1999, he was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1999 World Youth Championship. At this tournament, he played three matches and Japan came second place.

On February 5, 2000, Inamoto debuted for the Japan national team under manager Philippe Troussier against Mexico. After the debuted, Inamoto played 10 matches or more every year. In September 2000, Inamoto was selected Japan U-23 national team for 2000 Summer Olympics. He played full-time in all 4 matches and scored a goal against Slovakia. In 2000, Inamoto played at 2000 Asian Cup. He played four matches while Japan won the championship. In 2001, he also played at 2001 Confederations Cup. He played four matches and Japan came second place. In 2002, he was selected Japan for 2002 World Cup. He played all four matches and scored two goals against Belgium at first match and Russia at second match. Japan qualified to the knockout stage first time in Japan's history. After 2002 World Cup, Inamoto played at 2003 and 2005 Confederations Cup. In 2006, he was selected Japan for 2006 World Cup. He played two matches while Japan was eliminated in the group stages. After 2006 World Cup, Inamoto was not selected Japan 1 year for generational change. In June 2007, he played for Japan for the first time in a year. After that, he played several matches every year. In 2010, he was selected Japan for 2010 World Cup. He played two matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. This World Cup is his last game for Japan. He played 82 games and scored 5 goals for Japan.

274||21||18||0||41||1||8||0||341||22
83||4||8||1||7||1||8||0||106||6
25||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||5||1||33||1
43||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||5||1||51||1
5||0||0||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||5||0
430||25||32||1||48||2||26||2||536||30

!Total||82||5

Nightmare disorder

Nightmare disorder, also known as "dream anxiety disorder", is a sleep disorder characterized by frequent nightmares. The nightmares, which often portray the individual in a situation that jeopardizes their life or personal safety, usually occur during the second half of the sleeping process, called the REM stage. Though such nightmares occur within many people, those with nightmare disorder experience them with a greater frequency. The disorder's DSM-IV number is 307.47.
In some cases it could be brought on by the content of home life,movies,books and music that you let yourself consume. Most people with nightmare disorder or usually pessimistic or experiencing bad thoughts throughout the day which can be collected in the dream state to create what they witness in their dreams.

Hiroshi Kiyotake

Kiyotake was born in Oita on November 12, 1989. He joined J1 League club Oita Trinita from their youth team in 2008. Trinita won the champions in the 2008 J.League Cup with young players, Shusaku Nishikawa, Masato Morishige and Mu Kanazaki. However Trinita was relegated to J2 League end of 2009 season and Trinita released their main players including Kiyotake due to their financial problems. In 2010, he moved to Cerezo Osaka. He played as regular player in 3 seasons. In July 2012, he moved to German Bundesliga club Nürnberg. Although he played as regular player in 2 seasons, Nurnberg was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2013/14 season. In summer 2014, he moved to Hannover. Although he played many matches in 2 seasons, Hannover was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2015/16 season. In summer 2016, he moved to Spanish La Liga club Sevilla. However there were few opportunities to play. In February 2017, he returned to Japan and joined Cerezo Osaka. In 2017, Cerezo won the champions in the J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup.

On August 10, 2011, Kiyotake debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. In July 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches and Japan won the 4th place. He also played for the Japan at 2013 Confederations Cup, 2014 World Cup and 2015 Asian Cup. He played 43 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2017.

195||36||14||2||24||3||10||4||243||45
117||17||4||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||121||17
4||1||3||0||colspan="2"|-||2||0||9||1
316||54||21||2||24||3||12||4||373||63

!Total||43||5

Junya Tanaka

Junya Tanaka can mean:

Junya Tanaka (footballer, born 1987)

Tanaka was born in Itabashi, Tokyo on July 15, 1987. When he played for Juntendo University, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2009. However the club was relegated to J2 League at the end of the 2009 season. Kashiwa won the champions in 2010 and was returned to J1 in a year. In 2011, Kashiwa won the J1 League champions. Kashiwa also won the champions in the 2012 Emperor's Cup and 2013 J.League Cup. In June 2014, he moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Sporting. In February 2016, he returned to Kashiwa. In 2017, he moved to Vissel Kobe. In 2019, Kobe won the champions in the Emperor's Cup which is first major title in the club history.

On February 24, 2012, Tanaka debuted for the Japan national team against Iceland. He played 4 games for Japan until 2014.

245||55||24||9||34||12||18||6||321||82
20||5||5||1||6||1||3||0||34||7
265||60||29||10||40||13||21||6||355||89

!Total||4||0

Franche-Comté

Franche-Comté (meaning "Free County") is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. It is in the east of the country, bordering Switzerland. Its capital was Besançon. In 2009, about 1.1 million people lived in the region.

In the local dialect, Frainc-Comtou, the name is "Fraintche-Comtè". In Arpitan it is "Franche-Comtât".

The departments in the region were:

Yuto Nagatomo

Nagatomo was born in Saijo on September 12, 1986. When he played for Meiji University, he also played for FC Tokyo in 2007. After graduating from the university, he joined FC Tokyo in 2008. He became a regular left side back from first season. The club won the champions in the 2009 J.League Cup. In summer 2010, he moved to Italian Serie A club Cesena. In January 2011, he moved to Internazionale Milano. He played 170 matches for the club in 7 seasons. In February 2018, he moved to Turkish Süper Lig club Galatasaray. The club won the champions in the 2017/18 and 2018/19 season. In summer 2020, he moved to French Ligue 1 club Olympique Marseille.

On May 24, 2008, Nagatomo debuted for the Japan national team against Ivory Coast. He became a regular player as left side back soon. In August 2008, he also played for Japan U-23 national team at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2010, he was selected the Japan for 2010 World Cup. He played full-time in all 4 matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. In 2011, he participated 2011 Asian Cup. He played full-time in all 6 matches and Japan won the champions. He also played at 2013 Confederations Cup, 2014 World Cup and 2015 Asian Cup. In 2018, he was selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup. He played full-time in all 4 matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. In 2019, he played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place.

72||5||4||0||9||1||colspan="2"|-||85||6
186||9||15||0||colspan="2"|-||25||2||226||11
47||2||3||1||colspan="2"|-||13||0||63||3
305||16||22||1||9||1||38||2||374||20

!Total||123||4

Takashi Inui

Inui was born in Omihachiman on June 2, 1988. After graduating from Yasu High School, he joined J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos in 2007. However he could not play many matches and he moved to J2 League club Cerezo Osaka in June 2008. Cerezo was promoted to J1 end of the 2009 season. He played 114 matches and scored 35 goals for the club. In summer 2011, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club Bochum and played in 1 season. In 2012, he moved to Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt. He played 75 matches and score 7 goals. In summer 2015, he moved to Spanish La Liga club Eibar. He played 89 matches and scored 11 goals in 3 seasons. In the 2018/19 season, he played for Real Betis and Deportivo Alavés. He returned to Eibar in 2019.

In January 2009, Inui was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 20. He also participated 2013 Confederations Cup and 2015 Asian Cup. In 2018, he was selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup. He played as left midfielder in all 4 matches and scored 2 goals. In 2019, he also played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. He played 36 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2019.

121||35||5||2||12||0||7||4||145||41
105||14||8||1||colspan="2"|-||6||1||119||16
138||15||7||0||colspan="2"|-||4||0||149||15
364||64||20||3||12||0||17||5||413||72

!Total||36||6

The Substitute (Glee)

"The Substitute" is the seventh episode of the second season of the American television series "Glee". It was the 29th episode of the entire series. The episode was directed by Ryan Murphy and written by Ian Brennan. It was first broadcast on FOX on November 16, 2010. The episode was watched by 11.70 million people in the United States. It was the top scripted show among adults aged 18–49 for the week it was broadcast. The episode guest stars Gwyneth Paltrow as Holly Holliday. She is a substitute teacher who does Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) job as glee club director while he is sick. Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) becomes principal of William McKingley High School, and glee club members Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley) and Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) start to feel stress in their growing friendship.

The episode includes cover versions of six songs. These songs got mixed reviews from music and television journalists. The cover version of Cee Lo Green's "Forget You" and mash-up of "Singin' in the Rain" with Rihanna's "Umbrella" was given good reviews. Both covers' charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Paltrow's guest appearance was given positive reviews. The sub-plots of the episode did not get good reviews. Aly Semigran of MTV, Robert Canning of IGN and "Entertainment Weekly"s Tim Stack all thought that "The Substitute" is the best episode of the season. "Time"s James Poniewozik said that the episode was an "okay" episode. Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club said it was better than the previous two episodes. The National Alliance on Mental Illness gave positive reviews for the episode's definition of bipolar disorder. Paltrow won the 2011 Primetime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series" for her acting.

Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) is given the job of being the principal of William McKinley High School. She was given the job after causing Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) to be infected with the flu. Glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) also gets the flu. He takes time off from work to get better. He is cared for by his ex-wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig). This leads to them sleeping together.

Glee club co-captain Rachel Berry (Lea Michele) tries to take over for Will. This results in problems. At the request of Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer), club lessons are taught by substitute teacher Holly Holliday (Gwyneth Paltrow). She has different ways of doing things. These include talking about Lindsay Lohan's rehabilitation in Spanish, singing "Conjunction Junction" to her English class, and pretending to be a bipolar Mary Todd Lincoln for the History class. When Holly first goes to glee club rehearsal, she does a cover of Cee Lo Green's "Forget You". The group likes her performance. Rachel is annoyed. She is worried that Holly may not be able to get them ready for the Sectionals competition. Holly later wins over Rachel by "duetting" with her on "Nowadays/Hot Honey Rag" from the musical "Chicago".

Kurt rejects his best friend Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley) in favor of his new friend Blaine Anderson (Darren Criss). Mercedes does not like it when Kurt tries to set her up on a date with a football player because they are both black. She also feels left out when she comes with Kurt and Blaine to dinner. This is because the conversation is mostly about gay issues and icons. When Sue starts a healthy eating program and says people can not eat "Potater Tots", Mercedes starts a student protest. She also puts Tots in the tailpipe of Sue's car. This causes $17,000 worth of damage.

Sue's program becomes popular with the students' parents. Her job as principal is made permanent, and she fires Will. Will is later visited by Holly who is looking for help. Holly does not think she is doing a good job as a teacher. She thinks this because she caused Mercedes to act the way she did. She tells him that, at first, she took her work seriously. She changed when a student (Lindsay Sims-Lewis) hit her in the face. Because of being hit, she chose to be more laid-back. Terri arrives while they are talking. She gets mad because Holly is there. Will asks Terri to leave. He tells her that their "reunion" was a mistake and he ends their relationship.

Kurt confronts Mercedes. He tells her that she may be substituting food for love and their friendship for a romantic relationship. Mercedes decides to talk to the student who Kurt tried to set her up with. As she leaves, school bully Dave Karofsky (Max Adler) approaches Kurt. He tells Kurt that he will kill him if Kurt tells people that he is gay. At the request of the glee club members, Sue makes Will the director again. He suggests a group performance of "Singin' in the Rain". Will asks Holly to help them make it modern. They end up with a mash-up with Rihanna's "Umbrella" song.

"The Substitute" is Paltrow's first ever scripted-show guest performance. The role of Holly was created for her by show creator Ryan Murphy. Murphy suggested that she show her vocal and dancing talent before the December 2010 release of the movie "Country Strong". In this movie, Paltrow plays a country singer. In September 2010, BBC News said that she would be in two more episodes of "Glee". E! Online's Kristen dos Santos said that Holly would become a love interest for Will in the episode. Murphy later said that Holly's appearance would create a "love quadrangle" between herself, Will, guidance counselor (a counselor and an educator who helps students with problems they are dealing with in school by giving positive advice.) Emma Phillsbury (Jayma Mays) and her boyfriend Carl Howell (John Stamos). Fancast later said that Paltrow's guest appearance had been shorten to a single episode. They also said that neither Mays and Stamos were in "The Substitute". After the episode was done filming, Murphy stated that both he and Paltrow hoped that she would appear on "Glee" again in the future. This would depend on a storyline that best fit with her character Holly. In December 2010, Paltrow said that she would return to the series for another episode. A month later, Murphy said she would be on the series again as a sex education teacher. Paltrow won the 2011 Primetime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series" for her work in "The Substitute".

"The Substitute" includes a short "fantasy" moment. In it, Will sees the club members as kindergarten-aged children. Child actors were used to act out as the characters' younger selves. These included Jake Vaughn and Lauren Boles as young Finn and Rachel. The episode also includes the return of Gilsig. Gilsig had not been in several episodes of "Glee". Gilsig believed that Will's sickness let viewers see the couple in a positive relationship for the first time. She also thought that the addition of Holly "highlighted" a special bonding in their relationship. She said that while Terri is not "the most pleasant person", she is at least faithful to Will, while he has "a wandering eye" (has interest in another women) and treats Terri badly in "The Substitute". The main characters in this episode include glee club members Mike Chang (Harry Shum, Jr.) and Sam Evans (Chord Overstreet), Principal Figgins, school bully Dave Karofsky, cheerleader Becky Jackson (Lauren Potter), wrestler Lauren Zizes (Ashley Fink) and Kurt's friend Blaine Anderson.

"The Substitute" includes cover versions of six songs. Paltrow performs on four of these. She recorded them all in one day. The songs she recorded were "Conjunction Junction" from Schoolhouse Rock!, and a clean version of Cee Lo Green's "Fuck You!" entitled "Forget You". The producers of the series had wanted Paltrow to sing a Coldplay song. They chose to not do this. They wanted to use the song for a competition episode of "Glee". Morrison and Shum, Jr. sang a duet version of "Make 'Em Laugh" from the musical "Singin' in the Rain". Paltrow and Michele did a duet on "Nowadays / Hot Honey Rag" from the musical "Chicago". Morrison and Paltrow performed a mash-up of "Singin' in the Rain" with "Umbrella" by Rihanna featuring Jay-Z. The cast had to spend twelve hours filming for the mash-up in a tank of water.

All of the songs performed except "Conjunction Junction" were released as digital download singles. "Forget You" is featured on the soundtrack album "Glee: The Music, Volume 4" (2011). "Forget You" and "Singing in the Rain / Umbrella" charted both on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and internationally. "Forget You" peaked at number eleven in the US and number twelve in Canada. "Singing in the Rain / Umbrella" peaked at number ten in Ireland. Green's "Fuck You!" entered the top ten of the Hot 100 for the first time after the Glee cover. His sales increased 94% in a week.

When "The Substitute" was first broadcast on FOX, it was watched by 11.70 million US viewers. It had a 5.0/14 Neilsen rating/share in the 18-49 demographic group. This helped the episode to become the top-rated program of the night for adults aged 18–49. In the weekly rankings, the episode was the top scripted program for adults 18-49. Overall, it placed twentieth for the second season. Views and ratings were both better than the previous episode, "Never Been Kissed". It was watched by 10.99 million viewers and had a 4.6/13 rating/share. In Canada, viewership was also better than the last episode. It was watched by 2.29 million viewers and ranked ninth for the week. The last episode had 1.97 million viewers and ranked twelfth. In Australia, the episode was watched by 1.06 million viewers. This made "Glee" the seventh most-watched program of the night and nineteenth of the week. In the UK, the episode was watched by 2.55 million viewers-2.11 million on E4, and 439,000 on E4+1. It was the most-watched show on cable for that week.

The music performances got mixed feedback from music and television journalist. Anthony Benigno of the "Daily News" gave "Conjunction Junction" an "A". He had noticed the "ordinarily" (in a normal way) of the song. Benigno did not give a review for the song because of its short length. He only said "what a glorious ten seconds it is". Benigno and Poniewozik criticized "Forget You" for not having any profanity that was in the original recording. Poniewozik liked Paltrow's "deeper voice". He gave her cover a "A". Benigno liked the original version better. "Rolling Stone"s Erica Futterman believed the "clean version" of the song did not affect its success. She said that it was "charming and sassy". Megan Vick of "Billboard" called it "the most exciting number (song)" of the episode. Stack gave the song an "A+". He also said it was "one of the most memorable and energetic "Glee" performance(s) ever, thank in no small part to Paltrow". Green told MTV that we was "flattered" by the cover, mostly because he did not know Paltrow would perform it after he was allowed to be in the audience watching the episode filming. He called her performance "great". He also said that he did not know that she could sing.

Benigno and Stack gave a good review for the choreography of "Make 'Em Laugh". They gave it a "B" and "B+". These were lower grades than they gave "Forget You". Vick said that "Glee" covers songs from musicals to often introduce classic songs to viewers in a more modern way. He felt that "Make 'Em Laugh" did not do this. The "Chicago" cover did not get a positive review from many critics. Futterman, "The Wall Street Journal"s Raymund Flandez and "The Atlantic"s Patrick Burns all believed the choreography was "lacking". Kevin Fallon said that "Glee" should not be "overusing recreations". He said that they had done this in other episodes. These included "The Power of Madonna", "Britney/Brittany" and "The Rocky Horror Glee Show". Todd VanDerWerff of the "A.V. Club" said he did not like the performances. He said they were "outright plagiarism", not an homage (in respect)" to the original artist.

For the song "Singin' in the Rain/ Umbrella", Benigno and Futterman compared the songs as a better mash-up than the previous episode's mash-up. Benigno gave the cover a "B". He said that by using "Singin' in the Rain" as the chorus, the song lacked "catharsis". This was also seen by Flandez. He gave positive reviews on the costumes, props and staging, but had hoped that the cover had more "bite" and "attitude". Futterman said it was a "buoyant (cheerful) and catchy homage to the old and the new [that] perfectly captures "Glee"s musical spirit". Vick felt the song could not compare to the previous episode's mash-ups. She believed the staging was "implausible" (not believable). Stack wrote that he loved the mash-up. He gave it an "A-". Amy Reiter of the "Los Angeles Times" liked the choreography.


S Club 8

S Club 8 were a British pop group. They formed in 2001 in London as "S Club Juniors". They released their first single and album in 2002. They were renamed in 2003 and split in 2005. 

Its members were: Jay Asforis (born 1989), Daisy Evans (born 1989), Calvin Goldspink (born 1989), Stacey McClean (born 1989), Aaron Renfree (born 1987), Hannah Richings (born 1990), Frankie Sandford (born 1989) and Rochelle Wiseman (born 1989).


Ian Brennan

Ian Brennan is a television writer, actor, and producer. Brennan is known mostly for creating the FOX television series, "Glee". He has written "all of the episodes" along with two other colleagues. Brennan's first written television series was "Growing" in 2006. He has also been in several theater performances since 1999.

He was nominated for two 2010 Writers Guild of America Awards for "Glee".

David Fincher

David Andrew Leo Fincher (born August 28, 1962) is an American movie director. 

Fincher was born in Denver, Colorado. When he was two, he moved to San Anselmo, California. When he was in his teens, he moved to Ashland, Oregon.

He directed "Alien 3", "Seven", "The Game", "Fight Club", "Panic Room", "Zodiac", "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", "The Social Network" , "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone Girl". He won a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for directing The Social Network. He also directed the first 2 episodes for the TV show "house of cards"

He has also directed music videos, including Love Is Strong by The Rolling Stones, which won a Grammy Award. 

David Fincher is known for his unique style, marked by long takes, precise editing, and color use. He explores psychology, employs non-linear storytelling, and uses voiceovers. His films often focus on paranoia, conspiracy, and the human psyche, presenting a distinctive visual style.

Sisyphus

Sisyphus (, "Sísyphos") was a legendary person in Greek mythology. 

According to the ancient story, Sisyphus was forced to roll a big rock up a hill, but it rolled back down and the task was never finished. He was forced to repeat this over and over again forever.The word "Sisyphean", which relates to a task which is undertaken with great effort but is ultimately pointless, is derived from the myth.


Dangerous Minds

Dangerous Minds is a 1995 American drama movie starring Michelle Pfeiffer. It is set in a problematic California high school. Its subjects include gangs, teenage pregnancy, poetry and school problems.

Pfeiffer portrays LouAnne Johnson, a former U.S. Marine on whose novel this drama is based. Most of the students in this urban melodrama are African American and Hispanic adolescents.

"Dangerous Minds" was released August 11, 1995. It had mixed critical reception though was a strong box office hit. In 1996 a television series of the same name premiered, though it was short lived.

The soundtrack and its lead single 'Gangsta's Paradise' by Coolio, enjoyed major success. It received nominations for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year and the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Soundtrack Album. Coolio won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance for his vocals.

Cherokee County, Alabama

Cherokee County, Alabama is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is named for the Cherokee tribe. As of 2020 the population was 24,971. Its county seat is Centre. It is a prohibition or dry county which means alcoholic drinks cannot be sold.

Cherokee County was formed by European Americans on January 9, 1836. The county was created on territory of the Cherokee Nation.
The Cherokee were forceably removed by the US government in what was known as the Trail of Tears in 1838. Cherokee County was created by the Alabama legislature on 1836 January 9 following the Treaty of New Echota, 1835 December 29. The Cherokee people did not accept the Treaty because the people who signed were not authorized.

An F4 tornado struck here on Palm Sunday March 27, 1994. It destroyed Goshen United Methodist Church twelve minutes after the National Weather Service of Birmingham issued a tornado warning for northern Calhoun, southeastern Etowah, and southern Cherokee counties. 22 people were killed, including the groom's 4-year-old daughter.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 92.19%) is land and (or 7.81%) is water.





John Mills

Sir John Mills (born Lewis Ernest Watts Mills; 22 February 190823 April 2005) was a British actor.

He was born in North Elmham, Norfolk. His sister was entertainer Annette Mills (1894–1955). 

He was married to actress Aileen Raymond (1910-2005) from 1927 until they divorced in 1941. He was married to actress Mary Hayley Bell (1911–2005) from 1941 until his death. The couple had two daughters, actresses Juliet Mills (born 1941) and Hayley Mills (born 1946) and a son, Jonathan Mills (born 1949).

Mills was knighted in 1976. His autobiography was published in 1980. He died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.

Seven islands of Bombay

The seven islands of Bombay are a group of islands that are very close to each other. Together, they make up the city of Bombay/Mumbai.

Ganbaru

, also romanized as gambaru, is a widely-used Japanese cultural concept. It roughly means to slog on or stick to it through tough times. "Ganbaru" implies a kind of hard work which is defined by Japanese culture.

The word "Ganbaru" is often translated to mean "doing one’s best". In practice, it means doing more than one's best. The word emphasizes working with continued effort despite difficulties, failure, or distraction. The term means "toughing it out".

"Ganbaru" means to commit fully to a task and to bring that task to an end. 

"Ganbaru" means an active process of doing something. It contrasts with a passive process. 

The term "ganbaru" developed from the related concept of "gaman". 

After the 1995 Kobe earthquake, the slogan ""Gambaro Kobe"" was used to encourage the people of the Kobe region. 

After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, "ganbaru" was one of the most commonly heard expressions. 


Ryan Murphy

Ryan Murphy (born November 9, 1965) is an American screenwriter, director and producer. He is the creator of the television series "Nip/Tuck" and "Glee". Murphy also made the WB network series "Popular", which aired from 1999 to 2001. As of 2011, some movies he will direct are underworks.

Murphy is a graduate of Warren Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana. He also went to Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.

Murphy is openly gay. Murphy says he sometimes goes to church in Los Angeles.

Matthew Morrison

Matthew James Morrison (born: October 30, 1942 in California) is an American actor, dancer, and singer. He is best known for his role in the television series "Glee" in which he played the teacher Mr William “Will” Schuester. After attending theater camp during his childhood, he decided that he wanted to become an actor. He was educated at New York University (NYU) Tisch School of the Arts. Being a member of boy bands like LMNT and Fresh Step, he made his musical theater transition into similarly styled shows.

He had minor roles in "Footloose" as well as the revival of the Rocky Horror Show. His big break came when he landed the role of Link Larkin in the Broadway production of John Waters' Hairspray. Morrison was nominated for a Tony award for his role in "The Light in the Piazza". He also won the award for Ice Skater of the year.

Morrison's debut album "Matthew Morrison" peaked at number 24 on the Billboard 200. It also peaked at number 61 on the Australian Albums Chart, and number 63 on the UK Albums Chart.



Amber Riley

Amber Patrice Riley (born February 15, 1986) is an American actress, singer-songwriter, and philanthropist, known for her role on the series "Glee" as Mercedes Jones. She has also appeared as the daughter of "Dirk Black" in the American Black comedy "All of Us". At the age of seventeen, Riley auditioned for "American Idol" but was turned down by the producers. Most of her cover versions have appeared on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. 

Riley is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention. In the convention, Riley sang the national anthem, "The Star Spangled Banner".


Adhesion

Adhesion is the process in which dissimilar particles stick together. In the case of similar particles, this effect is called cohesion. Adhesion results from the physical properties of the interface between two phases. The forces that result in adhesion are not fully known, there are different explanations. Five different types of adhesion have been proposed:

Time Inc.

Time Inc. was a subsidiary media company. It published several of the most read magazines in the United States such as "People", "Time", "Sports Illustrated", "Fortune", "InStyle", "Life", "GOLF Magazine", "Southern Living", "Essence", "This Old House", "All You" and "Entertainment Weekly". It published 130 magazines and was founded on November 28, 1922 in New York City. In 1990, Time Inc. merged with Warner Communications to form Time Warner. In 2014, the company was revived. In 2018, the company dissolved again after the acquisition by Meredith Corporation. It was owned by The Walt Disney Company


List of awards and nominations received by Up

"Up" is a movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie premiered on May 29, 2009 in North America. It became the first animated 3D film to open the Cannes Film Festival. The movie received many awards and nominations. Most of them were for the "Best Animated Picture" category and for the soundtrack of the movie. "Up" was nominated for five Academy Awards at the 2010 Ceremony. It won two of these awards for Best Animated Feature and for Best Original Score. It was the second fully animated film to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture after the 1991 movie "Beauty and the Beast". "Up" became the third consecutive Pixar film to win the Academy Award for Animated Feature, after "Ratatouille" (2007) and "WALL-E (2008)". The film also won the Golden Globe for Best Original Score and the Best Animated Feature Film at the 67th Golden Globe Awards. It received the Golden Tomato, from the website Rotten Tomatoes, for highest rating feature in 2009, with an approval of 98 percent from film critics, based on 259 reviews. 

Centre, Alabama

Centre is a city in Cherokee County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,587. The city is the county seat of Cherokee County. It is part of the 'Gadsden, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area'.

Centre is located at 34°9'33.052" North, 85°40'29.071" West (34.159181, -85.674742).

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . is land and is water.

The Cherokee County Board of Education provides public education for Centre. Schools in Centre include Cherokee County High School, Cherokee County Career and Technology Center, Centre Middle School, and Centre Elementary School.



Centre is located near Weiss Lake, a man-made reservoir and self-proclaimed "Crappie Capital of the World".


Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden

The Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden is a zoo in the American city of Cincinnati, Ohio. It claims to be the second oldest zoo in the United States because it opened 14 months after the Philadelphia Zoo.

The zoo has of land and about 2,800 animals. It has over 30 indoor and outdoor attractions. The Cincinnati Zoo also breeds rare animals. For example, it was the first zoo to breed the California sea lion and one of the first to breed the American bison both in 1878. It is the only place in the Western Hemisphere where three Sumatran Rhinoceroses have been born.

The Cincinnati Zoo started in 1875. It covered and was owned by some of the richest men in Cincinnati. There are currently around 500 species at the zoo with a total of around 1900 animals. There are also over 6,000 plant species shown at the zoo. The zoo is home to Indian blue peafowls that are free to roam in the aviary.

In the late 2000s, the Cincinnati Zoo was named the Greenest Zoo in America for their "go green" practices. The zoo currently has ten special garden exhibits and has over 5,000 other plant species spread throughout the zoo. In early 2010, the zoo completed their construction of over 6,000 solar canopies in the main parking lot. This is the largest display of solar panels in the world. The zoo also displays plants in the animal exhibit in which they are the correct biome for that species. For example, there are many Florida native marsh plants and shrubs in Manatee Springs; bamboo gardens in the red panda exhibits; and bushes from California in the sea lion exhibit.

Since 1989, Wildlife Canyon has been showcasing rare and exotic hoofstock species that are native to many parts of the world. It currently consists of six different paddocks along the bottom of a steep canyon that was built in 1942. Visitors may walk among emus, camels, Asian wild horses, Sichuan takins, river hogs and the critically endangered Sumatran rhinoceros. Every Sumatran rhino that lives in the U.S. was born at the Cincinnati Zoo.

At this attraction that opened in 1970, guests can walk into large flight cages that are home to two of some of the largest flying birds on the planet, Andean condors and California condors, and sea eagles. When visitors enter the two flight cages while being in an elevated observation deck, there is nothing that comes between the visitors and the birds. The Cincinnati Zoo is currently the only institution in North America to breed the Steller's sea eagle. Efforts to set these species free have been successful multiple times. Two eagle chicks can be seen nesting in the sea eagle flight.

This island is a man-made rock surrounded by a moat and exotic landscaping and provides a home for a large troop of snow monkeys or Japanese macaques. It is over 80 years old and was one of the first bar-less monkey exhibits in North America.

Gorilla World attempts to simulate the rainforest of central Africa. It opened in 1978 as one of the first, natural gorilla exhibits in the country. The main enclosure is about a , forest habitat with many tropical plants, waterfalls, meadows, logs and vines for zoo's famous western lowland gorillas to encounter. The zoo also holds the record for having the most gorilla births in one year; six, in 1996. There are also exhibits for colobus monkeys and crowned guenons.

This whole area are is a series of eight enclosures housing a variety of African species of the Savannah, and Asian species of the forest. The rhino reserve opened in 1997.

Jungle Trails takes visitors through a naturalized rain forest habitat, with hundreds of plant species from Asia and Africa. Each region is divided by outdoor and indoor habitats. The Zoo's collection of rare primates inciudes Bornean orangutans, bonobos, Müeller's and lar gibbons, bamboo, ruffed, and sifaka lemurs, Angolan colobus monkeys, aye-ayes, Francois langurs, lion-tailed macaques, pottos, pygmy slow lorises, and greater galagos. Jungle Trails houses some of the zoo's birds, reptiles, insects, and other rare mammals that include lesser adjutant and saddle-billed storks, pelicans, white-naped ravens, yellow-billed hornbills, starlings, shelducks, hammerkops, cloud rats, sugar gliders, large-spotted genets, emperor scorpions, and ground boas. The attraction received the AZA prestigious exhibit award in 1994, a year after it opened. Two baby galagos and three baby large-spotted genets can be seen in the African Building.

The main animals in the area are the zoo's two polar bears, a male named Little One, and a female, Berit. Visitors can watch the bears swim in their one large pool that stretches between the two enclosures. There are observation areas available, for the guests, including underwater viewing, across from a moat, and even of the bears on land only with 3 inches of glass separating them from the visitors. Next to the bears is an aviary that houses a bald eagle.

The Bear Hill grottoes were built in 1937 featuring black bears and Andean bears. The exhibits were built on a hillside to complete their natural mountainous habitats to also keep the sun from shining light into their exhibits.

In Lorikeet Landing, a flight cage built in 1962 and renovated in 2006, is a mesh enclosed aviary filled with hundreds of birds native to Australia and New Guinea.

Guests can hike through the Wolf Woods to see animals native to North America. The area opened in 2005 after a renovation of Otter Creek.

Opened in the 1950s and renovated in 1985, and 2008, the Children's Zoo is an attraction for children and young animals. The zoo's nursery features baby animals that come and go from different zoos. The young animals have the opportunity to come out of their exhibit, and walk around the zoo while being guided by keepers. The play area designed for children contains small habitats for threes species of armadillos (three-banded, six-banded, screaming hairy), and three species of tortoises (gopher, red-footed, radiated).

Children may enter the Petting Zoo and feed and interact with dwarf goats and doll sheep. Blakely's Barn, that was added in 1997, has both indoor and outdoor paddocks with close viewings of four-horned sheep, cattle, llamas, dwarf goats, miniature cows, miniature donkeys, and alpacas. At the entrance of the attraction is Penguin Walkabout that opened in 1985. Little and black-footed penguins live here.

This attraction features rare and endangered apes that can be viewed on two large jungle gyms built on two circular islands that were constructed in 1972. Guests can walk on a wooden platform that is on the surface of the lake to get an even closer look of the zoo's loudest animals, siamangs and buff-cheeked gibbons, as they can be heard from every part of the park.

Some of the zoo's current red pandas were given to the zoo in 1985 from the Beijing Zoo. They live in two exhibits at the zoo that teems with natural plants of China. The Zoo has bred over 70 red pandas, the last one being in the early 2000s.

The exhibit Elephant Reserve, opened in 2008 after the renovation of Vanishing Giants, in an area that has been exhibiting elephants and other pachyderms since the zoo's opening in 1875. The main feature of the exhibit is a female habitat showcasing the zoo's stars, Schottzie, Mai-Thai, and Jati. The exhibit includes a pool that is next to one of the many viewing areas. Sabu, the bull, has his own habitat that was added in the year 2006.

Swan Lake is the largest body of water at the zoo, giving a home to native waterfowl of Cincinnati. Many species like mallards, pintails, and swans are free to inhabit the lake as they please as the historic train also circles around them. Along the end of the lake is "Crane Island", home to a Japanese species called red-crowned cranes. "Wetland Trails" is an area, giving an all natural, naturally enclosed habitat to a sandhill crane.

The Reptile House is America's oldest existing zoo building. Visitors can see a variety of monitors, pythons, mambas, tortoises, and even frogs and salamanders behind glass. There is an open-topped exhibit in the center of the building where alligators and sliders co-exist.


This includes an eagle owl, vampire bats, and giant fruit bats. There are cat species like endangered Pallas' cats, clouded leopards, Brazilian ocelots, black-footed cats, sand cats, a caracal, fishing cats, and bobcats. There are dog and cat like species like fossas, aardwolves, palm civets, bearcats, tayras, bat-eared, and fennec foxes. Here also lives rare primates like pottos, and greater bushbabies. Aardvarks and a Burmese python are also displayed

World of the Insect, or the Insectarium has the collection of six-legged species:

Monitor lizards from the smallest to the longest, and the largest in the world. Guests can see dwarf, green, quince, and crocodile monitors. In the largest enclosure of the complex lives the star of the attraction Hudo, a Komodo dragon. Each indoor exhibit is glass-enclosed and are full of real plant life and branches. Outdoor viewing for the Komodo dragon is available near the exit of the building.

Built in 1999, based on the Everglades, Manatee Springs houses many different species of wildlife from the swamps of Florida. The first section of the building is a greenhouse that simulates the sights and sounds of a freshwater swamp, tropical hammock and coastal wetland mangrove wetlands. American alligators, American crocodiles, and Florida cooter turtles can be observed in a series of water/land exhibits all with an underwater viewing. This includes a bridge constructed over a deep pool where zoo visitors may walk on as an alligator snapping turtle lies directly beneath it.




Over 50 species of birds, and displays that provide habitats as natural as the outdoors. Birds from the Amazon all the way to the Antarctic Coast are displayed. Guests can see owls, macaws, bird-of-paradises, hornbills, parakeets, auklets, puffins and even three species of penguins. Seeing opportunities for zoo visitors as such include two walk-though aviaries, open-fronted habitats, and species behind glass with underwater viewings.









Discovery Forest is a tropical rainforest in a unique, two-story circular atrium. The setting is a tropical Latin American rainforest, incorporating interpretive elements from throughout Central and South America. In 2008, several neotropical animals like a two-toed sloth, a blue-and-gold macaw, and boa constrictors were added to emphasize the relationship between plants and animals.

"Africa" is the largest animal exhibit in the Zoo's history, planned to be nearly big and at a cost of $32,000,000. In Phase IV, the zoo will add the largest part of the future attraction, a wide Savannah teeming with some of Africa's most spectacular hoofstock such as zebras, gazelles, and elands along with some of the world's largest birds like ostriches, Marabou storks and grey-crowned cranes. 

The final phase will bring Nile hippos and crocodiles. The hippo area will give visitors a view above and below-water. In addition, this phase will include Nile crocodiles and possibly African wild dogs. This last area will open in 2015.


Provinces of Ethiopia

Until 1995 Ethiopia was divided into provinces. The provinces were divided into "awrajja"s or districts. In 1995 they were replaced by regions and two chartered cities. Eritrea was Ethiopian colonized province from 1959 until 1991.

From 1942 until 1995 the provinces of Ethiopia were:
Older provinces, which are frequently used to indicate location within Ethiopia, include:

Provinces of Greece

The provinces of Greece were divisions of some the country's prefectures. In 1887 the provinces were endeed as administrative units. They were still used for some state services, especially finance services and education, as well as for electoral purposes. Before the Second World War, there were 139 provinces. After the war, with the addition of the Dodecanese Islands, their number grew to 147. The largest province is Dodoni.

Prefectures of Greece

The land of Greece was divided in Prefectures from 1833 to 1836. It was divided again from 1845 until the Kallikratis reform in 2010. Now Greece is divided into peripheral units.

Provinces of Italy

Italy is divided into 20 Regions (Regioni in Italian) and every Region is divided into Provinces. There are 110 provinces in Italy. Each province is headed by a President assisted by a representative body, the Provincial Council, and an executive body, the Provincial Executive.

The three main jobs of a province are:

Eggshell

An eggshell is the outer covering of a hard-shelled egg and of some forms of eggs with soft outer coats. It is a main character of the cleidoic egg, which allows amniotes to breed on land.

Worms eggs present a three layered structure with an External Vitellin Layer, a Chitin Layer that confers mechanical resistance and an internal Lipid-rich layer that makes the egg chamber impermeable.

Amniotes developed the cleidoic egg early in the Carboniferous period, and this meant they could live and reproduce on dry land. These early land animals evolved into the reptiles, birds and mammals of today. In contrast, the amphibia are land animals who must lay their eggs in water, because the eggs are not protected by a shell. 

The structure and composition of the eggshell protects the egg against damage, microbial contamination, and desiccation (drying out). Small molecules can pass through it, so the shell allows gas exchange for the growing embryo. It also provides calcium for the embryo's skeleton. 

While many reptiles lay eggs with flexible, calcified, eggshells, there are some that lay hard eggs. Eggs laid by snakes generally have leathery shells which often adhere to one another. Depending on the species, turtles and tortoises lay hard or soft eggs. Several species lay eggs which are nearly the same as bird eggs.

The normal bird egg is a fertilized egg sitting on the yolk surface and surrounded by albumen, or egg white. The albumen in turn is surrounded by two shell membranes (inner and outer membranes) and then the eggshell. The chicken eggshell is 95-97% calcium carbonate crystals, which are held together by a protein matrix. 

While the bulk of eggshell is made of calcium carbonate, it is now thought that the protein matrix has an important role to play in eggshell strength. These proteins affect crystallization, which in turn affects the eggshell structure. 

The average laying hen, takes about 20 hours to make the shell. Pigmentation is added to the shell by papillae lining the oviduct, coloring it any of a variety of colors and patterns depending on the species.


Pacheco, California

Pacheco is a census-designated place (CDP) in Contra Costa County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 4,183 people lived there. Pacheco is north of Walnut Creek.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Pacheco has a total area of .

The town was started in 1857. There was a post office there from 1859 to 1913. In 1955, postal service started again.

For a short time, Pacheco had a lot of very successful businesses. During that time, ships from the Pacific Ocean were able to get to the town by going through Pacheco Slough. Then, during the 1860s, there were some fires, floods, and an earthquake. These destroyed the town and filled the slough with silt so that ships could not get there any more. Many people later left Pacheco to go to the nearby town of Todos Santos, which was later renamed to Concord.

In January 2011, the Martinez City Council voted to take over the parts of Pacheco that are north of California State Route 4. The government was expected to approve the takeover in the fall of 2011. In March 2012, enough people objected that an election would have to be held about the issue.

June 2011 Christchurch earthquake

The June 2011 Christchurch earthquake was responsible for causing additional damage to an already earthquake-devastated region. The earthquake took place around 1420 New Zealand Standard Time and was centered next to 3.8 miles deep, six miles from Christchurch. It had been preceded by another 5.9 tremor that struck at a slightly deeper 5.5 miles. The earthquake of June 2011 cut down telephone lines and caused numerous outages which left next to 54,000 houses without power. The tremor triggered the death of an elderly man and several injuries.


Bombyliidae

The Bombyliidae are a family of flies. Their common name is bee flies.

The Bombyliidae are a large family of flies. It has hundreds of genera, but the life cycles of most species are known poorly, or not at all. Some are very small (2 mm in length), but some can be very large for flies (wingspan of some 40 mm).

Adults normally feed on nectar and pollen. Those with a spectacularly long proboscis are adapted to plants (such as "Lapeirousia") which have long, narrow floral tubes.

The Bombyliidae include a large number of species, but for its size this is one of the least understood families of insects. There at least 4,500 described species, and certainly thousands still to be described. The adult flies usually feed on nectar and pollen, and some are important pollinators.

Many Bombyliidae look like bees and so a common name for the family is the bee flies. The reason is probably aposematic: the adults are safer from predators because they share the warning colours of bees. The adult females usually lay eggs near the nests of possible hosts, often in the burrows of solitary bees, wasps or beetles.

The larval stages are predators or parasitoids of the eggs and larvae of other insects. The eggs hatch into larvae which eat the eggs and larvae of the 'host' insect. Although most bee-flies usually are fairly or highly host-specific, some species do attack a number of hosts.

Gérard Feldzer

Gérard Paul Alain Feldzer, (born 10 February 1944) is a consultant and aeronautical popularizer for media, journalist at "France Info" since 2009. Former French airline pilot, he was President of the "Aéro-Club de France" between 1995 and 2005, and head of the "Musée de l'Air" (French Air and Space Museum) between 2005 and August 2010.

The 1st of January 2012, he becomes Officiers of the Légion d'honneur.


Phototropism

Phototropism is growth in the direction of light. Phototropism is common in plants, but can also occur in other organisms such as fungi. The cells on the plant that are farthest from the light have a plant growth hormone called auxin, which causes phototropism to occur. It causes the plant to have elongated cells on the farthest side from the light.

Phototropism is one of the many plant tropisms or movements which respond to external stimuli. Growth towards a light source is a "positive phototropism", while growth away from light is called "negative phototropism". Most plant shoots have positive phototropism. Roots usually have negative phototropism, though gravitropism may play a larger role in root behavior and growth. Some vine shoot tips exhibit negative phototropism, which allows them to grow towards dark, solid objects and climb them.

Auxin collects mainly on the darker side of the stem and stimulates cell elongation. Thus, the cells on the side not directly exposed to light will grow faster than the opposing side, and the stem will curve towards the light source.

Phototropism in plants such as "Arabidopsis thaliana" is directed by blue light receptors called phototropins. Other photosensitive receptors in plants include phytochromes that sense red light, and cryptochromes that sense blue light.

Proboscis

A proboscis is a projection or elongated appendage at the front of the face. In vertebrates, the term is used to describe an elongated nose or snout. In invertebrates, the term usually refers to tubular mouthparts used for feeding and sucking.

Tuckman's stages of group development

Tuckman's stages of group development is a model of group development made by Bruce Tuckman in 1965. It has four phases: Forming, Storming, Norming and Performing. 


Tuckman believed that these stages are all necessary and always happen in order for a team:

This model has become the basis for later models.

More reading on this topic can be found here: 

Clerks

Clerks is an 1994 American comedy movie directed by Kevin Smith. It takes place in and around a convenience store in New Jersey. "Clerks" was controversial. Due to graphic language it received an NC-17 rating, although the rating was later changed to R. "Clerks" was distributed from Miramax. It was released in October 1994.

Utagawa Kuniyoshi

Utagawa Kuniyoshi (, ; January 1, 1798 – April 14, 1861) also called Kuniyoshi, was a Japanese artist. He was a masters of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting. 

Kuniyoshi was part of the Utagawa school of artists. 

The range of Kuniyoshi's subjects included landscapes, beautiful women, Kabuki actors, cats, and mythical animals. He is known images of the battles of samurai and legendary heroes. His work was affected by Western art and caricature.

Tsukioka Yoshitoshi was one of his students.

His work influenced Toyohara Chikanobu. 

Takashi Murakami credits the influence of Kuniyoshi in his work.


Kuniyoshi made many images of cats. 

Kuniyoshi made images which were caricatures.


The Weinstein Company

The Weinstein Company was an independent movie studio founded in March 2005 by brothers Bob and Harvey Weinstein after they left Miramax Films. The studio owned Dimension Films. TWC made melodrama, horror movies and raunchy comedy. Its division Dimension handled the genre movies.

After Harvey Weinstein was accused in 2017 of sexually attacking several women in Hollywood, then later convicted and sent to prison for his crimes, many companies, film makers, actors and actresses refused to work with Weinstein or his studio again, and many people in the company itself quit. The Weinstein Company was put up for sale and eventually renamed Lantern Entertainment, which is now considered a separate company.

Dimension Films

Dimension Films are a network which represents genre movies. It was originally under ownership of Miramax (which was then owned by Disney), then Weinstein Company, before it was sold to Lantern Entertainment. Dimension is responsible for making movies, such as Scream franchise and Scary Movie.

Chilton County, Alabama

Chilton County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. In 1942, the U.S. Navy commissioned a new vessel, the USS "Chilton", in honor of Chilton County. In 2020, the population was 45,014. The county seat is Clanton. It is a dry county which means alcoholic drinks cannot be sold. 

The county is known for its peaches and its unique landscape. It is home to swamps, prairies and mountains due to the foothills of the Appalachians. It also has the Coosa River basin and is close to the Black Belt Prairie.

Baker County was formed on December 30, 1868. It was named for Alfred Baker, with its county seat at Grantville. Residents of the county asked the Alabama legislature for the renaming of their county. In 1874, they chose the name Chilton County. William Parish Chilton, Sr. (1810–1871), was a lawyer who became Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. Later he represented Montgomery County in the Congress of the Confederate States of America. It is not known when the county seat was moved.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.03%) is land and (or 0.97%) is water.







Clanton, Alabama

Clanton is a city in Chilton County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 8,768. The city is the county seat of Chilton County.

The town was founded by Alfred Baker in 1868, when Chilton County was formed. Clanton was named in honor of General James H. Clanton, a brigadier in the Confederate States Army. It was incorporated on April 23, 1873. Baker was also elected first mayor of the town.

Early Civil Rights activist Ida B. Wells made a photographic postcard showing an 1891 lynching in Clanton. This was to educate the white public of the atrocities committed against blacks.

During World War II, a small German Prisoner of War camp was located in Clanton.

Clanton is located at 32°50'23.316" North, 86°37'41.477" West (32.839810, -86.628188).

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . is land and (0.15%) is water.

Clanton is governed by the mayor-council system. The mayor is elected in a citywide vote. The city council has five members elected from one of five wards.

Over 80% of Alabama's peach crop comes from Chilton County.

The Chilton County School System provides public education for Clanton. Students in Clanton may attend any public school in Chilton County.


Clanton Middle School (Grades 6 through 8)



Clanton has hosted the annual Chilton County Peach Festival since 1952.


Port

A port is a place at the edge of an ocean, river, or lake for ships to load and unload their cargo. Persons on ships can get on or off ships at a port. It is also called a harbour or harbor. This kind of port is the same as sea port.

A good port is easy to get to over water or land. It is also in a place that is not easily hurt by bad weather, like strong wind or big waves. 

Some ports are important for trade; other ports are important to a country's navy.

If a port is visited by ships that can go on the ocean, it is called a "sea port" or just a "port". If a port is visited only by river boats like barges, it is called a "river port".

If a port is on a lake, river, or canal that goes to a sea or ocean, that port can be called an "inland port".

A fishing port is a port or harbour used by people who are fishing.

A warm water port is a port where the water does not freeze in winter time.

A cruise home port is a port where people get on and off cruise-ships. It is also where the cruise ship gets its supplies, like fresh water, fuel, and food. The Port of Miami, Florida is called the "Cruise Capital of the World". Port Everglades, Florida and the Port of San Juan, Puerto Rico also have big cruise ports.

A port of call is a place where a ship stops before it has finished its trip. 

A cargo port is a port that is used to move things people want to buy or sell.

Choctaw County, Alabama

Choctaw County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. It was formed on December 29, 1847 and named for the Choctaw tribe of American Indians. As of 2020 the population was 12,665. The county seat is Butler.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.20%) is land and (or 0.80%) is water.






Clarke County, Alabama

Clarke County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020, 23,087 people lived there. The county seat is Grove Hill. 

Clarke County was formed on December 10, 1812 by the Mississippi Territory. It is named in honor of General John Clarke of Georgia, who was later elected governor of that state. The county had many forts, built by settlers for protection during the Creek War (1813-1814). One of the most notable was Fort Sinquefield.

The first county seat was Clarkesville, formed in 1820. The seat was moved to Macon, later renamed Grove Hill, in 1831. During the American Civil War, the county was notable for its salt production.






Grove Hill, Alabama

Grove Hill is a town in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 1,818. It is the county seat of Clarke County and home of the Clarke County Museum.

Public Educationis provided by the Clarke County School System. Located in Grove Hill are Clarke County High School (grades 9 through 12), Wilson Hall Middle School (grades 5 through 8), and Grove Hill Elementary School (grades K though 4).

There is one private school in Grove Hill. Clarke Prep School provides education for grades K through 12.

WBMH 106.1 FM (Classic Country)


Lisette Melendez

Lisette Melendez (born 1967 or 1976) is a Puerto Rican freestyle music and Latin pop singer. She is best known for the 1991 song "Together Forever". Her exact birthdate is not clear, with some sources claiming Melendez was born as far back as 1967 or 1968. Others mention that she was born as recently as 1976. She was raised in East Harlem in New York City.

In Japan, Melendez won a Grammy for the Best New Artist. This was for her 1994 studio album "True to Life".

Sydney Pollack

Sydney Irwin Pollack (July 1, 1934 – May 26, 2008) was an American movie and television director, producer and actor. 

Pollack was born in Lafayette, Indiana. During his childhood he moved to South Bend, Indiana. He moved to New York City when he was 17.

He won an Emmy Award in 1966. He won two Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for 1985 movie "Out of Africa". 

He died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, California.

Cleburne County, Alabama

Cleburne County is a county in the US state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of Major General Patrick R. Cleburne, of Arkansas. As of 2020, 15,056 people lived in the county. Its county seat is Heflin.

Cleburne County was formed on December 6, 1866. The county was made from territory in Benton (now Calhoun), Randolph, and Talladega counties. In 1867, Edwardsville was made the county seat. In 1905 Heflin became the county seat.

According to the 2000 census, the area of the county is . (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water. Alabama's highest natural point on Cheaha Mountain is in Cleburne County. Cheaha Mountain is in the far south part of the Blue Ridge Mountains.






Colbert County, Alabama

Colbert County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of brothers George and Levi Colbert, Chickasaw Indian chiefs. George Colbert operated a ferry across the Tennessee River in 1790 near present-day Cherokee.

The county seat of Colbert County is Tuscumbia. It is part of the Florence - Muscle Shoals Metropolitan Statistical Area known as "The Shoals". As of 2020, 57,227 people lived there.

Colbert County was first formed on February 6, 1867. It split from Franklin County over political issues after the American Civil War. It was ended but was reestablished on February 24, 1870. It is also the location of Ivy Green, the birthplace of noted author Helen Keller. Colbert County is also home of the towns Sheffield and Muscle Shoals where many popular musicians such as Aretha Franklin and the Rolling Stones recorded music.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 95.34%) is land and (or 4.66%) is water.









Conecuh County, Alabama

Conecuh County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is believed to be derived from a Creek Indian term meaning "land of cane." As of the 2020 census, 11,597 people lived there. Its county seat is Evergreen, Alabama.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.80%) is land and (or 0.20%) is water.




Zooey Deschanel

Zooey Claire Deschanel ( ; born January 17, 1980) is an American actress, musician, and singer-songwriter.

Zooey Deschanel was born in Los Angeles in 1980. She is the younger daughter of Academy Award–nominated cinematographer and director Caleb Deschanel and actress Mary Jo Deschanel (née Weir). Her paternal grandfather was French, from Oullins, Rhône. Her ancestry also includes Swiss, Dutch, English, Irish, and other French roots.

She starred in movie "(500) Days of Summer" and plays the central character in TV series "New Girl". She also produces the show.

She and M. Ward are music duo She & Him. They have released five studio albums since 2008. She has collaborated with artists such as Prince and Brian Wilson. She wrote the main theme for "New Girl" and "".

She married musician Ben Gibbard on September 19, 2009. The couple are separated; she filed for divorce on December 27, 2011. It was finalized on December 12, 2012.
She married producer Jacob Pechenik in 2015. They have a daughter born in July, 2015.

Coosa County, Alabama

Coosa County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020, 10,387 people lived there. Its county seat is Rockford. 

It was formed on December 18, 1832. Its name is from a town of the Creek tribe. 

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 97.91%) is land and (or 2.09%) is water.




Rockford, Alabama

Rockford is a town in Coosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 349. The town is the county seat of Coosa County.

Coosa County was formed on December 18, 1832. The first name of the town was Lexington. In 1835 the name was changed to Rockford.

Public education in Rockford is provided by the Coosa County Board of Education. There are four schools located in Rockford: Central High School (grades 9 through 12), Central Middle School (grades 5 through 8), Central Elementary School (grades (K through 4), and Coosa County Science and Technology Center (grades 9 through 12).

In 1993, a sick dog wandered into Rockford. The animal was called "Fred" and was nursed back to health by town residents. For the next ten years, Fred was the town mascot.

Fred gained popularity through a regular newspaper column, "A Dog's Life," about his activities and encounters. He was on a television show on cable TV's "Animal Planet".

Fred died on December 23, 2002 in a Birmingham animal hospital, from a mysterious animal bite. He was buried behind the town's old jailhouse. A full-size grave marker, donated by a Montgomery businessman, was added in May, 2003. Fred was inducted into the Alabama Veterinary Medical Association Animal Hall of Fame in 2004.

Covington County, Alabama

Covington County, Alabama, is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020, 37,570 people lived there. Its county seat is Andalusia.

Covington County was formed on December 17, 1821. Its name is in honor of Brigadier General Leonard Covington of Maryland. The county was declared a disaster area in September 1979 due to damage from Hurricane Frederic. It was a disaster area again in October 1995 due to Hurricane Opal.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.04%) is land and (or 0.96%) is water.






Crenshaw County, Alabama

Crenshaw County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020, 13,194 people lived there. Its county seat is Luverne.

Crenshaw County was formed from Butler, Coffee, Covington, Lowndes and Pike counties on November 30, 1866. Its name is in honor of a judge, Anderson Crenshaw.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.79%) is land and (or 0.21%) is water. Much of the land is covered by forests that are used for logging.




Pastygate

Pastygate is the name given to a political scandal in the United Kingdom in March 2012. The government had said that it was going to place a 20% VAT charge on hot pasties.

A Labour Member of Parliament asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Conservative MP George Osborne, about when he last ate a Cornish pasty. Osborne answered that he had no idea when he had last eaten one. This answer has been used to show how out of touch with ordinary people the Conservative party had become. The Prime Minister David Cameron later said that he had recently eaten a Cornish pasty at Leeds railway station "and that it was very good". However, The Sun newspaper then reported that there was no place to buy Cornish pasties at Leeds railway station at the time David Cameron claimed to have eaten one there. 

The issue, which at first appeared to be unimportant, was then taken up by several other newspapers and political commentators. They pointed out that the Conservatives seemed not to know that the pasty was a basic food eaten by many ordinary people in the country. The VAT rise on the pasty would affect both these customers and the pasty industry itself. These newspapers and commentators made fun of David Cameron's attempt to show himself as a regular pasty eater (i.e. as one of the people) and that George Osborne's did not know what a pasty was.

Eastern black-and-white colobus

The eastern black-and-white colobus monkey, or mantled gueraza (Colobus guereza) is a species of monkey. It can be as big as over long (excluding tail) and up to . In the wild, they live about 20 years.

Colobus monkeys are vegetarian. They have a three-chambered stomach to help digest leaves.

Cullman County, Alabama

Cullman County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of Colonel John G. Cullmann. As of 2020, 87,866 people lived there. Its county seat is the town of the same name, Cullman, Alabama. 

The historic Cherokee and Choctaw lived here at the time of European encounter. The Echota Cherokee are a recognized tribe still here.

Cullman County was formed by German American immigrants from Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1877. 

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 97.83%) is land and (or 2.17%) is water.





Public education in Cullman County is provided by two systems: the Cullman City School Board and the Cullman County School Board, which governs all municipalities except the City of Cullman.

Private educational institutions in the county include:

Cullman is also the home of the state-owned and operated Wallace State Community College in Hanceville. It was named for the former Governor of Alabama, George C. Wallace. His father and his wife, Governor Lurleen B. Wallace, also had junior colleges named for them.

Dolores

Dolores, also spelled Delores, is a female given name. It is pronounced [ d"uh"-lawr-is, -lohr- ].The Spanish name Dolores has its roots in the Latin word "dolor," which translates to "pain" or "sorrow." This name is quite common in Spanish-speaking nations and is frequently used as a way to refer to the Virgin Mary. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Cullman, Alabama

Cullman is a city in Cullman County, Alabama. Cullman is along Interstate 65, about north of Birmingham, and about south of Huntsville. According to the 2020 census, it has 18,213 people.
Cullman is the county seat of Cullman County, Alabama.

The Cullman City School System operates five schools: Cullman Primary School (Pre-K - First Grade),<br> East Elementary (Second Grade - Sixth Grade),<br> West Elementary (Second Grade - Sixth Grade),<br> John G. Cullman Middle School (Seventh and Eighth Grades),<br> and Cullman High School (Ninth Grade - Twelfth Grade).

Other schools in Cullman include the Saint Bernard Preparatory School, a Benedictine boarding school (Ninth Grade - Twelfth Grade),<br> Saint Bernard Middle School (Seventh and Eighth Grade),<br> Sacred Heart Elementary School (Pre-K - Sixth Grade),<br> Saint Paul's Lutheran School (Pre-K - Sixth Grade),<br> and Cullman Christian School (Pre-K - Twelfth Grade).



Cullman is in the TV broadcasting areas of both Birmingham, Alabama, and Huntsville, Alabama.

Also, there is one low-power broadcasting station in Cullman: WCQT-LP TV-27





Freeway (movie)

Freeway is a 1996 crime drama movie. It stars Reese Witherspoon as Vanessa, Brooke Shields as Mimi and Brittany Murphy as Rhonda. This melodramatic thriller was released into theaters on August 23, 1996 and received very positive reviews from critics. "Freeway" was originally rated NC-17 for graphic language. It was trimmed to obtain an R before release.

Dale County, Alabama

Dale County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Most of the Fort Rucker U.S. Army Aviation Center for Excellence is in Dale County. Its name is in honor of General Samuel Dale. As of the 2020 census, 49,326 people lived there. Its county seat and largest city is Ozark. 

Dale County is in the southeastern corner of the State of Alabama. According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.72%) is land and (or 0.28%) is water.





Dallas County, Alabama

Dallas County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. The county seat is Selma.

Dallas County was formed on February 9, 1818. It was named for U.S. Treasury Secretary Alexander J. Dallas of Pennsylvania. At first the county seat was at Cahaba. In 1865, the county seat was moved to Selma.

Dallas County is in the Black Belt region. The Alabama River is in the county.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 98.73%) is land and (or 1.27%) is water.









Areas not in Selma are served by Dallas County Schools. Areas in Selma are served by Selma City Schools.


DeKalb County, Alabama

DeKalb County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020, 71,608 people lived there. Its county seat is Fort Payne.

DeKalb County was formed on January 9, 1836. It was named for Major General Baron Johann de Kalb, a hero of the American Revolution. 

DeKalb County was the one time home of the famous Cherokee Sequoyah.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.90%) is land and (or 0.10%) is water.






Elmore County, Alabama

Elmore County is a county of the State of Alabama. As of 2020, 87,977 people lived there. The county seat is Wetumpka.

Elmore County was formed on February 15, 1866. It was created from portions of Autauga, Coosa, Tallapoosa, and Montgomery Counties. Its name is in honor of General John A. Elmore. 

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 94.53%) is land and (or 5.47%) is water.




Escambia County, Alabama

Escambia County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of 2020, 36,757 people lived there. Its county seat is Brewton.

Escambia County was formed after the American Civil War, on December 10, 1868. This was during the Reconstruction era. The name "Escambia" may come from the Creek name "Shambia", meaning "clearwater", or the Choctaw word for "cane-brake" or "reed-brake". 

In September 1979, the county was declared a disaster area due to damage from Hurricane Frederic, and again in September 2004 due to damage from Hurricane Ivan.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.42%) is land and (or 0.58%) is water.





20th Television

20th Television (formerly 20th Century Fox Television) is an American television production and former syndication company that was created in 1992 by 20th Century Fox Film Corporation. It is a division of the Fox Entertainment Group, part of The Walt Disney Company. On August 10, 2020, the syndication division of TCFTV was folded to Disney-ABC Domestic Television, forming the production incarnation of 20th Television replacing 20th Century Fox Television.

20th Television the television shows like "The Simpsons", "Futurama" and "Family Guy", among others.

Grey's crowned guenon

The Grey's crowned guenon ("Cercopithecus pogonias grayi"), also known as the crowned guenon, crowned monkey, golden-bellied guenon, or golden-bellied monkey, is a species of monkey. They are mainly found in Central Africa which includes countries like Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and Nigeria. Mona monkeys get up to in length and weigh . The lifespan of the crowned guenon is 20 years in captivity. They feed on mostly fruit, leaves, shoots, insects, and crops.

Axiom of choice

In mathematics the axiom of choice, sometimes called AC, is an axiom used in set theory. 

The axiom of choice says that if you have a set of objects and you separate the set into smaller sets, each containing at least one object, it is possible to take one object out of each of these smaller sets and make a new set. You do not always need to use the axiom of choice to do this. You do not need to use the axiom of choice if the starting set is finite, or if the starting set is infinite and has a rule built in for how it can be divided. For example, for any (infinite or finite) sets of pairs of shoes, one can pick out the left shoe from each pair, but for an infinite collection of pairs of socks, the axiom of choice is needed.

CSI: Miami

CSI: Miami (Crime Scene Investigation: Miami) is an American TV series that aired from 2002-2012 on CBS. It is the second series in the "CSI" franchise.

Chang Taek-sang

Jang Taek-Sang (장택상, 1893–1969) was a Korean nationalist politician. He was a Korean independence activist against Japanese imperialism. After the liberation, he was 1st Foreign Minister and 3rd Prime Minister. This was during the 2–5th National Assembly of South Korea.



Bound (movie)

Bound is a 1996 American romantic crime thriller starring Jennifer Tilly and Gina Gershon as two bisexual women who plot to steal $2 million in Mafia money. "Bound" received positive reviews from critics who praised its humor and strong style and its portrayal of lesbian relationships in any mainstream motion picture. It was rated R in the United States and Australia for sexual content and intense violence. It was released October 4, 1996 in the United States.

Gina Gershon

Gina L. Gershon (born June 10, 1962) is an American actress, singer and writer. She has been in many movies, including the 1995 movie "Showgirls". She has also been in many television programs and sitcoms. She was born in Los Angeles.

Gwon Sang-ha

Gwon Sang-ha (1641 - September 2, 1721) was a politician and Neo Confucian scholar, teacher, and writer of the Joseon Dynasty. He was second leader of Noron Partys, disciple of Song Siyeol, Song Jun-gil and ideological successor of founder Noron Party and his teacher Song Siyeol. Nicknames was Suam, Hansujae.



Powys Castle

Powys Castle (or Powis Castle or Welsh: Castell Coch) is a mediaeval castle, fortress and grand country mansion near the town of Welshpool, in Powys, Mid Wales. It is the residence of the Earl of Powis. The castle is built of sandstone. The rock is from New Red Sandstone of the Permian or Triassic periods.

The castle has extensive, attractive formal gardens, terraces, parkland, deerpark and landscaped estate. The property is under the care of the National Trust, who operate it under the name "Powis Castle and Garden". 
Queen Victoria visited the castle during her tour through England and Wales in 1832.


Islam in China

Muslims have been in China for the last 1,400 years, and have interacted with Chinese society. Muslims live in every region in China. Various sources estimate different numbers of Muslims in China. Some sources indicate 2% of the total population in China are Muslims. Xinjiang in the northwest is the province with most Muslims. The Hui ethnic group are often referred to as “Chinese” Muslims. They “speak the Chinese language, abide by core elements of its culture, and thus can be trusted”. 

Manchu officials in the Qing executed a Muslim family in 1784 in Xinjiang because their relatives revolted in Gansu despite the fact they had no idea their relatives were revolting.

Hundreds of thousands of Turkic Muslims have been detained in Xinjiang. 

There is a policy of stripping Muslim buildings of Arabic features all over China, and in some cases replacing them with traditional Chinese designs. During Deng Xiaoping’s liberal era, a new mosque-building boom began, with a fashion for domed prayer halls and tall, slender minarets. Xi Jinping became president in 2013. In 2017, the Islamic Association of China said “Mosque architecture needs to be in harmony with our national characteristics.” In 2019 the “Five-Year Plan on the Sinicisation of Islam”, set out to standardise Chinese style in everything from Islamic clothing to ceremonies and architecture. It called for the “establishment of an Islamic theology with Chinese characteristics”. At least 1,714 mosques had Arabic-style features removed between 2018 and 2023.

The government also removed crosses from the roofs of over a thousand Christian churches and demolished a vast church — the Golden Lampstand Church in Shanxi province — in 2018. The government is also trying to stop under-18s from entering religious sites, or even practising religion at all.


Campbell Newman

Campbell Kevin Thomas Newman (born 12 August 1963) was the 38th Premier of Queensland. He is from the Liberal National Party of Queensland. He became Premier on 26 March 2012 after his party won the state election. Prior to that he was the 15th Lord Mayor of Brisbane from 2004 to 2011. At the Queensland state election on Saturday 31 January 2015, Newman lost his seat of Ashgrove to his predecessor Kate Jones. Newman will retire from politics after he lost his own parliamentary seat and on 14 February 2015, Annastacia Palaszczuk was sworn in as Premier.

New Red Sandstone

The New Red Sandstone is a sandstone rock in Britain and elsewhere. It was laid down in desert conditions from the Permian (280 million years ago) to the beginning of the Triassic (240 million years ago). It underlies the Jurassic Lias, which are marine rocks such as the Blue Lias. 

The term distinguishes it from the Old Red Sandstone, which is largely Devonian in age. The New Red Sandstone is much brighter and redder in colour than the Old Red Sandstone, as the examples show. The colour is caused by iron oxides in the rock.

the red sand stone was formed from 416 million to 359.2 million years ago . it was washed up on the beach 

Glee (season 2)

The second season of the musical comedy-drama television show "Glee" originally premiered on September 21, 2010 and ended on May 24, 2011 on FOX in the United States. The second season had 22 episodes and was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Ryan Murphy Television. Dante Di Loreto became the executive producer while Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk, the show co-creators, remained writing the episodes along with Ian Brennan. The second season features the "New Directions" glee club at the fictional William McKinley High School in Lima, Ohio. It also shows the glee club in several competitions; local, regional and nationals which was held in New York City. Relationships,Bullying,Sexuality and other issues were explored in the Second Season of Glee. New cast members included Chord Overstreet who portrayed Sam Evans, Darren Criss who portrayed Blaine Anderson and Dot-Marie Jones who portrayed Coach Beiste. 

The second season's main cast members were; Glee Club Director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison),Cheerleading Squad Coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch),Guidance Counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays),and Glee Club Members Artie Abrams (Kevin McHale),Brittany Pierce (Heather Morris),Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith),Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer),Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley),Noah "Puck" Puckerman (Mark Salling),Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron),Rachel Berry (Lea Michele),Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera),Tina Cohen-Chang (Jenna Ushkowitz) and Will's ex-wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig). Kurt's father Burt (Mike O'Malley) becomes a main character in this season.

Each episode of the second season received positive reviews from music and television journalists, however, the entire season was given a more mixed reception. The musical performances in the second season had more dance numbers and cover versions than the first season. The show released five soundtrack albums and over one hundred digital singles. The cast broke the record for "most charted songs by an act" in the 52-year history of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The singles "Teenage Dream" (originally recorded by Katy Perry) and "Loser Like Me" (an original song), were the first to have over 200,000 downloads in their first week of release in the US. Both had also charted in the top ten in the US and Canada, and were certified Gold in the US. The second season was nominated for twelve Emmy Awards, five Golden Globe Awards, five Satellite Awards and over fifty other awards. There has been three DVDs that have been released with episodes from the season: "Glee - Season 2, Volume 1" which includes episodes one through ten, "Glee - Season 2, Volume 2" which includes episodes eleven through twenty-two, and "Glee - The Complete Second Season".

Chris Colfer

Christopher Paul "Chris" Colfer (born May 27, 1990) is an American actor and singer. He plays the role of Kurt Hummel on the FOX television show "Glee". "Time magazine" called Colfer one of the "100 most influential people" in the world in 2011. He has won a Golden Globe Award and has been nominated two times for a Emmy Award.

Colfer was born in Clovis, California. He is of Irish ancestry. He is openly gay.

Mash-up

A mash-up is when a musician performs two or more songs as a single composition. Some mashups are called "remixes" or sometimes indirectly called "duets" if sung by two musicians. In popular music, some musicians sing two cover versions and blend them together (transformation) into a new song.


Subplot

A subplot, sometimes called a "B story" or a "C story", is a secondary plot that sometimes has to do with the main story. Subplots may connect to main plots, in either time and place. Subplots often involve supporting characters, those besides the protagonist or antagonist.

National Alliance on Mental Illness

The National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), formerly known as the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, is an American non-profit national advocacy organization founded in 1979 for people affected by serious mental illnesses and their families. NAMI has over 200,000 members, offices in all 50 states, and 1200 affiliates across the United States. NAMI is a organization that is run primarily by volunteers.

The NAMI Family-to-Family Education Program is a free 12-week course targeted toward family and friends of individuals with mental illness. The courses are taught by a NAMI-trained family member of a person diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder. Family-to-Family is taught in 44 states, and two provinces in Canada. The program was developed by Clinical Psychologist Joyce Burland, PhD.

The Family-to-Family program provides general information about mental illness and how it is currently treated. The programs cover mental illnesses including schizophrenia, depression, bipolar disorder, etc.), as well as the benefits and side effects of medications. Family-to-Family, like the rest of NAMI programs, takes a biologically-based approach to explaining mental illness and its treatments.

In addition to providing information on mental illness, the Family-to-Family program teaches coping skills and the power of advocacy to students. Empathy is hoped to be gained by students' better understanding of the subjective experience of living with a mental illness. Special workshops also teach problem solving, listening, and communication techniques. Family-to-Family also provides advocacy support, offering family members guidance on locating support and services within surrounding areas, and information on current advocacy initiatives dedicated to improving available services.

The NAMI Family-to-Family program has been shown to empower families in the way they solve internal problems, and reduced the anxiety of participants in randomized controlled trials, a finding which was shown to persist 6 months later. These studies confirm preliminary findings that Family-to-Family graduates describe a permanent transformation in the understanding and engagement with mental illness in themselves and their family. Because a is at risk of poor by , Dixon and colleges sought out to strengthen the evidence basis by confirming the benefits attributed to Family-to-Family with a subset of individuals who declined participation during initial studies

The NAMI Family-to-Family program was found to be effective in increasing schizophrenia patient caregivers' self-efficacy while reducing a subjective burden and need for information. In light of recent research, Family-to-Family was added to the National Registry of Evidence-Based Programs and Practices.


Chūō, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Chūō City" in English.

On March 15, 1947, the ward was formed by combining the wards of Kyōbashi and Nihonbashi.

Chūō is in central Tokyo. It borders Tokyo Bay on the south. Minato is on the ward's southwestern border. Chiyoda is on the northwestern border. Sumida and Kōtō are on the east.

The most famous districts in Chūō are Ginza and Nihonbashi. Other districtsare Kabutochō and Tsukiji.

In area, Chūō is the second-smallest ward in Tokyo. Only Taitō is smaller.



Edogawa, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Edogawa City" in English.

Edogawa is in eastern Tokyo. It borders Tokyo Bay on the south. Kōtō and Sumida are on the west. Katsushika is on the northwestern border. On the east, the ward shares boundaries with the cities of Urayasu, Ichikawa and Matsudo in Chiba Prefecture.



Jackie Brown

Jackie Brown is a 1997 American crime drama movie directed by Quentin Tarantino set in Los Angeles. It is based on a book by Elmore Leonard. It stars Samuel L. Jackson, Pam Grier, Robert De Niro, Robert Forster, Chris Tucker, LisaGay Hamilton, Sid Haig and Bridget Fonda with Michael Keaton. It opened in theaters on December 25, 1997 in the United States. It is almost 154 minutes long. It was distributed by Miramax.

100 Landscapes of Japan (Heisei period)

The is a list of famous scenic sites in Japan. This list was developed during the reign of the current emperor.

The top three are Mount Fuji, Shosenkyo gorge in Yamanashi Prefecture, and Shiretoko in Hokkaido.

A national poll was part of creating the at the beginning of Emperor Hirohito's reign.

The "Nichi Nichi Shimbun" and "Mainichi Shimbun" supported the selection process during 1927.

In 2009, the "Yomiuri Shimbun" sponsored an update. The newspaper and its readers selected the . This new selection was supported by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.

Three hundred sites were nominated and more than 640,000 votes were collected during the polling process.



Pieter de Grebber

Pieter de Grebber (around 1600 – 1652 or 1653 in Haarlem) was a Dutch painter. He was the oldest son of Frans Pietersz de Grebber. He learned how to paint from his father, and from Hendrik Goltzius. 

Archipelago of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina

The Archipelago of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina (); or colloquially San Andrés y Providencia is one of the departments of Colombia. It consists of two island groups about northwest of Colombia and from the coast of Nicaragua, and eight outlying banks and reefs. Its capital is San Andrés.

In 2005, about 65.000 people lived on San Andrès, and about 5.000 on Providencia. About 200 lived on Santa Catalina, which lies right next to Providencia.

100 Landscapes of Japan (Shōwa period)

The is a list of famous scenic sites in Japan. This list was developed early in the Shōwa period which was the reign of Emperor Shōwa.

A national poll was part of creating the at the beginning of Emperor Hirohito's reign.

The "Nichi Nichi Shimbun" and "Mainichi Shimbun" supported the selection process during 1927. Also, groupings of "Eight Views" and "Twenty-five Sites" were developed.

In 2009, the "Yomiuri Shimbun" sponsored an update. The newspaper and its readers selected the . This new selection was supported by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.


Amélie Mauresmo

Amélie Simone Mauresmo (born 5 July 1979) is a French retired tennis player. 

Mauresmo was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye. She turned professional in 1993. She was the world number 1 women's singles from 13 September to 17 October 2004 and from 20 March to 12 November 2006. She won a silver medal in singles at the 2004 Summer Olympics. In 2006, she won the Australian Open and Wimbledon. She retired in 2009.

She is openly lesbian.

In June 2014, Mauresmo became Andy Murray's coach.


Erin Brockovich

Erin Brockovich (born 22 June 1960 in Lawrence, Kansas) is a legal clerk and an environmental activist. Brockovich was important in making cases against the Pacific Gas and Electric Company in California. It was the largest direct-action lawsuit in history at $333 million. Since the 2000 movie "Erin Brockovich", she has hosted "Challenge America" on ABC. She presented the documentary series "Final Justice with Erin Brockovich" in 2003.

Indirect speech

Indirect speech is a way of reporting what somebody said without using their exact words. Indirect speech does not use quotation marks.

for example: 


Erin Brockovich (movie)

Erin Brockovich is a 2000 American docudrama movie. It stars Julia Roberts as environmental activist Erin Brockovich. It is about Brockovich's legal actions in California against companies there in the 1990s. This movie was nominated for several Academy Awards. Roberts won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role. In the movie, the real Erin Brockovich has a as a waitress named Julia.

32-bit computing

In computer architecture, 32-bit integers, memory addresses, or other data units are those that are at most 32 bits wide. Windows versions for 32-bit architecture are limited to 3.56 gigabytes of viewable memory due to the 32-bit address bus.

Anticyclonic storm

Anticyclonic storms are weather systems that are very similar to a hurricane. They spin in the opposite direction to tropical cyclones, however.

Nutcracker

A nutcracker is a mechanical device for cracking open the shells of nuts. Nutcrackers are usually made of a lever which squeezes the shell of a nut until it cracks open. The earliest use of the term "nutcracker" in English dates to 1481.

Ballet Master

Ballet Master (also Balletmaster, Ballet Mistress, Premier Maître de ballet or Premier Maître de ballet en Chef) is an employee of a ballet company. The Ballet Master is responsible for keeping the dancers in the company to a high level of competence. 

Ballet masters (or ballet mistresses for women) teach the daily company ballet class. They rehearse the dancers for both new and old ballets in the company's repertoire. The artistic director of a ballet company may also be called its ballet master.

Celesta

The celesta is a keyboard musical instrument. It looks like an upright piano. When a key is depressed, a hammer strikes a steel plate. The range is three to five octaves. There may be a pedal to sustain or dampen the sound. Tchaikovsky's "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" from "The Nutcracker" is probably the most famous piece of music written for the celesta. 'Celeste' means "heavenly" in French. The celesta was invented in 1886..

Mr. Man (disambiguation)

Mr. Mann is a character from BBC television programme, "Little Britain"

Mr. Man may also refer to:


Provinces of South Korea

Provinces are the first-level division within South Korea. Governors for these provinces are elected every four years.

A province () is the highest-ranked administrative divisions in South Korea. Provinces have equal status to the Korean special cities.

A special autonomous province () is a province with more autonomy over its economy and more powers are given to the provincial government. Jeju is the only special autonomous province.

Note: Daegu is excluded because it is the capital but is not legally part of the province.

The Walking Dead (TV series)

The Walking Dead is an American zombie horror television series. It was adapted and developed by Frank Darabont. The show is based on the comic book series, "The Walking Dead" by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore and Charlie Adlard.

The series follows Andrew Lincoln as Rick Grimes, sheriff's deputy. Rick wakes up in a hospital after being in a coma to find the world is filled with "walkers". These walkers are similar to the zombies of George A. Romero's horror movies. He leaves to find his family and others who are still alive.

"The Walking Dead" was first broadcast on October 31, 2010. on the cable television channel AMC in the United States.The show concluded with its eleventh season in 2022.

The series has been acclaimed by critics and has been nominated for many awards. These include a Writers Guild of America Award nomination and a Golden Globe Award nomination for "Best Television Series Drama". It has won two Emmy Awards. The series has also had extremely good ratings. The most watched season to date is season 5, with an average of 14.38 million viewers. The most recent season averaged 7.82 million viewers, which is just over half of season 5's average.

"The Walking Dead" is based on the comic book series of the same name. It tells the story of a group of survivors living in a zombie apocalypse. The story takes place near Atlanta, Georgia and the Virginia wilderness. The group looks for a safe place to live, and these settlements are often destroyed by zombies hordes. The zombies are called "walkers" in the series. Walkers will eat any living thing. Their main method of attack is biting, which will cause humans to become infected and die. The virus only affects humans. Even if someone is not bit, they will still turn after death as long as their brain is in tact. The only way to kill a walker is by destroying the brain.

The series follows Rick Grimes, (Andrew Lincoln) a former sheriff's deputy. The group recruits various new survivors over time and must protect themselves from walkers and rival communities.

Season one is about Rick Grimes as he tries to find his family and take them to safety. The series starts with Rick waking up from a coma. He awakes to a world overrun by the walking dead ("walkers"). Rick leaves the hospital. He goes to his home and learns that his wife and son are not there. Rick hears a rumour from a fellow survivor. He goes to the police station and gets weapons. He goes to Atlanta. He was told that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention created a "safe-zone" in the city. He thinks this is where his family would have gone. During his travel, Rick sees the damage to both society and infrastructure caused by the disaster. When he gets to Atlanta, he sees that the city is overrun by the undead. It is no longer a safe zone.

A few miles outside the city, Rick's wife Lori and son Carl have been hiding from the walkers with Shane Walsh. Shane was a deputy who worked with Rick. He was also his best friend. Shane and Lori are in a camp with a small group of survivors. Rick meets Glenn in the city. Glenn helps him leave Atlanta and takes him to the camp where he finds Lori and Carl. Rick takes command of the group with Shane. Part of the group goes back into Atlanta to get weapons. While there, they have a conflict with other survivors. When the group returns to their camp, they find that many walkers are now there. One of their group is injured and needs medical treatment. The group chooses to go back to Atlanta and try to get help from the CDC.

Only one person is left in the CDC. This person is Dr. Edwin Jenner. Everyone else has either left or killed themselves. Dr. Jenner tells the group that his research into the infection has not led to a cure. The CDC building is not the safe place the group thought it would be. The next day, the safety protocols are started when there is not enough fuel for the generators. An explosion will destroy the CDC. The explosion is to stop the escape of any deadly diseases in the CDC. Dr. Jenner tells the group that the French may have found a cure. He thinks this is possible since they survived the longest in their labs. Dr. Jenner choses to stay in the CDC and die in the explosion. A member of the group, Andrea, tries to stay as well. Her sister Amy had just died and Andrea did not want to live anymore. Dale stays with her. He tells her that if she does not leave, he will not leave also. To stop him from dying, Andrea choses to leave with the group. Before the group leaves, Dr. Jenner whispers something into Rick's ear. The group leave just as the CDC explodes.

The second season starts with Rick and his group leaving the CDC. They think that they should go to Fort Benning. While going there, they find that I-85 is blocked by many empty vehicles. The group searches some of the vehicles and takes things that could be useful. While they are searching, a very large group of walkers moves along the road towards them. They have to hide under the vehicles so the walkers do not see them. Sophia is seen by a walker and runs into the woods to get away from it. After the walkers leave, the group starts to look for Sophia. During the search, Carl is shot by a man hunting a deer. Otis, the man who shot Carl, takes Rick and Shane to a large farm. The farm is owned by a veterinarian named Hershel Greene. Hershel removes the bullet from Carl. The group go to the farm while Carl heals. Secrets and issues about who should lead the group causes problems. During this time, many relationships are dealt with and the group continues to look for Sophia. Glenn starts a romantic relationship with one of Hershel's daughters, Maggie. He learns that Hershel's barn is full of walkers. Some of these are Hershel´s family members. Hershel thinks they are just sick and could be cured someday. When Shane lets the walkers out of the barn and the group shoots them all. After the last of the walkers is killed, one last walker leaves the barn. It is Sophia. She is then shot by Rick.

Hershel tells Rick and his group that they have to leave his farm. Rick and Glenn go looking for Hershel. They find him in a local tavern. He is drinking large amounts of alcohol. After trying to get Hershel to go back to the farm, two other men enter the bar. They are with another group of survivors. This meeting does not go well and both men are killed in a gunfight. Other members of the group the dead men were with come looking for them. They find Rick, Hershel, and Glenn at the bar and begin shooting at them. The noise of the guns attracts a large group of walkers. While trying to get away from the walkers, the other group leaves one of their group, Randal, behind. Rick does not want to leave Randal to be killed by walkers. He cover his eyes and take him to the farm. Once they get him to the farm, they think that he could lead the rest of his group to the farm. Rick wants to drive Randall far away and set him free. While He and Shane are doing this, they are attacked by walkers when Rick and Shane get into a fight. Before the walkers attacked, Randall tells Rick and Shane that he knew Maggie. He knows where the farm is at. Rick thinks the location of the farm should be a secret to keep them safe. Since Randal knows where it is, they take him back to the farm until they know what to do with him. Rick and Shane talk about the fact that they will probably have to kill Randal. Back at the farm, Hershel's daughter Beth tries to kill herself. Seeing so many people in her family die, she does not want to live in this world anymore. The group talks about what to do with Randall. Only Dale thinks they should not kill him. While they are talking about Randal, Carl takes a gun from Daryl's motorcycle and goes into the woods. He sees a walker with its legs trapped in mud. Rather than shooting it, he starts throwing rocks at it. After a while, the walker gets free of the mud but Carl runs away. Later that night, the Rick and Shane go to kill Randal. As they are doing this, Carl enters the barn and tells Rick to shoot him. This causes Rick to stop and try to find a different way to deal with the problem. Soon after this, Dale is badly injured by a walker and will die soon. It is the same walker that Carl ran from earlier. Dale is then shot in the head by Daryl. This ends his suffering and stops him from coming back as a walker. Shane goes to the building where they are keeping Randal. He sets him free and takes him into the woods. Shane tells Randal he want to leave Rick's group and join Randal's group. Instead of this, Shane leads Randal from the farm and kills him by breaking his neck. The group sees that Randal is gone and starts to look for him. Shane goes back to the camp and tells them that Randal had gotten free, attacked him and taken his gun. Daryl, Glenn, Rick and Shane go looking for him. They separate into two groups. Daryl and Glenn are one group, Rick and Shane are the other. Daryl and Glenn find Randall. He has become a walker. They look at his body and see that he was never bitten. They understand that the dead can come back without being bitten. Shane uses the search for Randall to try to kill Rick. His plan does not work and Rick kills Shane. Just minutes later, Shane turns into a walker and stands up. Carl shoots him.

A very large number of walkers in the woods hear the noise caused by Carl's gun. They all start to walk in that direction. Rick and Carl run to the barn. Rick tells Carl to set the barn on fire after the walkers come inside. Rick and Carl leave the barn from an upper level while the walkers burn. With walkers all over the farm, a large battle takes place. Jimmy and Patricia are killed and Andrea is left behind. The rest drive away from the farm. Andrea runs into the woods. She is chased by many walkers. She kills many of them and is later rescued by a hooded woman. This woman, Michonne, is carrying a sword to kill walkers. She also has two walkers with her. These two walkers have had both of their arms and their lower jaws cut off. Michonne leads the armless walkers around with chains around their necks. The survivors all meet back on the highway where they lost Sophia. They drive off but must soon make camp when Rick's vehicle has no more fuel. Rick tells them that "this isn't a democracy any more" after he tells them what Dr. Jenner told him. Jenner told him that all of the survivors are infected. A large prison is shown in the be background as the episode ends.

The group have been on the road for months and Lori is far into her pregnancy. Rick finds a prison which was seen in the final scene in season 2. They decide to go to the prison and stay there. They kill the walkers outside and then go inside to kill some more. Hershel gets bitten in the leg and Rick has to cut it off. The group meet prisoners who had been in the prison's cafeteria for months. The prisoners had no idea what had been going on in the world since the outbreak started and Rick tells them about it. Some of the prisoners try to kill members of the group and so Rick kills Tomas and leaves Andrew to die while Oscar and Axel are put in another block away from the group. Andrew is still alive and rings an alarm which brings walkers to the prison. A huge battle happens. T-Dog is killed by walkers trying to protect Carol. Lori is about to give birth to her baby as this is happening. Maggie cuts her open to take the baby out but Lori dies. Carl is then forced to shoot his mother in the head. Rick finds Andrew and is nearly killed when Oscar shoots Andrew, killing him and saving Rick. After the attack, Maggie and Carl bring the baby to Rick. Rick finds out Lori died and starts crying.

After Lori has died, Rick starts to see visions of her. At the same time, Andrea and Michonne are found by Merle, who is Daryl's brother. Merle takes them to a town called Woodbury. The leader of Woodbury is a man who everyone calls The Governor. Michonne doesn't trust Woodbury and goes to the prison where Rick is. At the prison, Michonne meets Rick and his group. Glenn and Maggie are captured by Woodbury, so Michonne takes Rick's group to Woodbury to save them. In the battle, people on both sides die, but the prison group finds a way to escape. The Governor says to Woodbury that Rick and his group are terrorists.

Daryl reunites with his brother Merle after the battle and chooses to leave Rick's group with Merle. He changes his mind later and goes back to the prison group. Rick goes to his hometown to get weapons, and thinks about his morals when he sees Morgan again. Andrea convinces The Governor to speak to Rick and make an agreement for peace; secretly, The Governor plans an attack, and Merle risks his life to stop the attack. Andrea runs away from Woodbury but is caught by The Governor. He locks her in a room with a walker and attacks the prison. They are stopped by Rick's group, and The Governor kills his own people for not fighting. The Governor escapes, and Rick's group returns to Woodbury to bring in the survivors but are too late to save Andrea.

Several months later, the prison community has gotten bigger. Many people in the prison get sick with the flu at once. The flu kills many people who come back as walkers. Rick sends Carol away for murdering two sick residents. Walkers attack the prison fence and break it but are stopped afterwards. The Governor meets the Chambler family, and they join another group of survivors led by Martinez, who was in Woodbury before. The Governor kills Martinez and takes lead the group to attack the prison. Rick offers to share the prison, but The Governor calls Rick a liar and kills Hershel. The Governor fights Rick and is killed by Michonne, but the prison is taken over by walkers and Rick's group is divided.

Separated into small groups, the survivors see signs along railway lines that say that there is a safe place at Terminus. Glenn and Tara Chambler join a group of people including Eugene Porter – who says he knows how to stop the walkers if he can get to Washington, D.C. They meet up with Maggie and are the first to get to Terminus. Carol helps two sisters she taught to use weapons in secret. After one of them kills the other, Carol kills the living sister. Beth Greene is taken away from Daryl by unknown people. Daryl meets and joins a gang that later say they want to kill Rick. Daryl helps Rick, and Carl and Michonne to defeat them. Then they reach Terminus. They are welcomed by the residents of Terminus first, but are forced to give up their weapons and locked inside a railway boxcar.

Rick's group find out that the residents of Terminus are cannibals. Carol uses walkers to attack Terminus so the others can escape. Reunited, they soon encounter Gareth and a small group of Terminus survivors who try to eat Rick's group but are defeated. Abraham and Rosita continue their mission to get Eugene to Washington, D.C., joined by Glenn, Maggie and Tara. After facing a number of problems, Eugene says that he made up the story about a cure in order to get protection. Daryl and Carol follow a marked car to Atlanta, where Beth has been kept in a nearby hospital ruled by untrustworthy police officers. Carol is taken, and Daryl gets the rest of his group to help. They capture police officers to make a trade but a brief standoff ends with Beth killed.

The reunited group continue toward Washington, D.C. and meet Aaron who offers them shelter at the Alexandria Safe Zone, a community led by Deanna Monroe. Feeling the sheltered residents can't survive against walkers or other survivors, Rick and Carol discuss taking over the community while others begin to take leadership roles. A series of problems scare residents, and during a meeting deciding Rick's fate he kills a resident who accidentally killed Deanna's husband. Rick's friend Morgan arrives to see the execution.


The series features several actors whom "Walking Dead" developer Frank Darabont has worked with previously, including Laurie Holden (Andrea), Jeffrey DeMunn (Dale Horvath), Melissa McBride (Carol Peletier), Sam Witwer (the dead soldier in the tank where Rick hides in "Days Gone Bye"), and Juan Gabriel Pareja (Morales). All five appeared in his 2007 movie "The Mist", along with Thomas Jane, who originally was set to star in the series when it was pitched to HBO. Jane was later in talks with Darabont to possibly guest star on the series as of fall 2010, but with Darabont's departure, it is unknown whether the guest spot will happen or not. Laurie Holden also appeared in the 2001 movie "The Majestic" (as Adele Stanton, Jim Carrey's character's love interest), which Darabont directed. DeMunn has also appeared in several of Darabont's movies; in addition to "The Mist" and "The Majestic", he appeared in "The Shawshank Redemption" (1994) and "The Green Mile" (1999). It was planned that Witwer (Private Jessup in Darabont's "The Mist") would reprise his "Days Gone Bye" role in the original conception of "The Walking Dead"'s season two premiere and in a webisode, but both plans were discarded.

On January 20, 2010 AMC said that it had ordered a pilot for a series based on "The Walking Dead" comic book series. Frank Darabont and Gale Anne Hurd were the producers. Darabont was also the writer and director. The entire series was to be made because the television network liked how good the comic series and the television scripts were. They also liked Darabont's being a part of the project. In January 2010 a review of the pilot episode's script caused more people to be interested in the series. The pilot began filming in Atlanta, Georgia on May 15, 2010/ At this time, AMC had ordered a six episode first season. The series' other episodes began filming on June 2, 2010. On August 31, 2010, Darabont said that "The Walking Dead" had been picked up for a second season. Production of the second season was to start in February 2011. On November 8, 2010, AMC said that there would be a second season. They said that the season would have 13 episodes. He would also like to include some of the "environmental elements" that take place during Volume 2 of Kirkman's book.

On October 25, 2011, AMC said that there would be a third season of "The Walking Dead". They said "Season two continues to deliver the strongest telecasts for any drama in basic cable history."

On July 17, 2010, Darabont said who would be writing and directing the six episodes of the first season. Darabont wrote/co-wrote the first three episodes. He also directed the first episode. Michelle MacLaren directed the second episode. Charles H. Eglee and Jack LoGiudice wrote the third episode with Darabont. It was directed by Gwyneth Horder-Payton. The fourth episode was written by Robert Kirkman. He is the creator and writer of the comic book. It was directed by Johan Renck. The fifth episode was written by Glen Mazzara and directed by Ernest Dickerson. The sixth episode was written by Adam Fierro and directed by Guy Ferland.

On December 1, 2010, Deadline.com reported that Darabont had fired his writing staff. he planned to use freelance writers for the second season. Kirkman said that this had not happened yet. He said that no plans had been made about the writing staff for season two.

In July 2011, Frank Darabont stepped down from his position as showrunner (the person who "runs the show" - the person in charge of the production) for the series. It was believed that he could not handle the schedule of running a television series. "The Hollywood Reporter" reported he had been fired over issues about budget cuts and problems with executives . Glen Mazzara became the new showrunner.

The series is filmed on 16 mm film. David Tattersall was the director of photography for the pilot episode with David Boyd as the director of photography on the other episodes. Production design is done by Greg Melton and Alex Hajdu. The effects team includes makeup designer Gregory Nicotero, special effects coordinator Darrell Pritchett, and visual effects supervisors Sam Nicholson and Jason Sperling.

The first season was reviewed very well by critics. It got a score of 82 out of 100 on Metacritic (based on 25 reviews). 
Heather Havrilesky of Salon.com had the show on their list of "9 new TV shows not to miss". It was given a grade of "A", with the author saying "A film-quality drama series about zombies? Somebody pinch me!"

The second season received mostly good reviews as well. It had a score of 80 out of 100 based on 22 reviews on Metacritic. Several critics did not think the second season was as good as the first. These include Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly". 
"The Walking Dead" was nominated for "Best New Series" for the 2011 Writers Guild of America Awards. It was nominated for "Best Television Series Drama" at the 68th Golden Globe Awards. It was also named during the American Film Institute Awards 2010 as one of the top 10 television programs of 2010. For the 2011 Saturn Awards, the series had six nominations. These included "Best Television Presentation", Andrew Lincoln for "Best Actor in Television", Sarah Wayne Callies for "Best Actress on Television", Steven Yeun for "Best Supporting Actor in Television", Laurie Holden for "Best Supporting Actress in Television", and Noah Emmerich for "Best Guest Starring Role in Television". The series was nominated for "Best Drama Series" at the 1st Critics' Choice Television Awards. The pilot episode "Days Gone Bye" got three nominations for the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards. It was nominated for "Outstanding Sound Editing for a Series" and "Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series". It won for "Outstanding Prosthetic Makeup for a Series, Miniseries, Movie or a Special".

Walking Dead

Walking Dead may refer to:

In fiction:

In music:

In other uses:

Pas de deux

A pas de deux () is a French ballet term. A "pas de deux" usually consists of an entrée, adagio, two variations (one for each dancer), and a coda. Famous "pas de deux" include the Black Swan "pas de deux" from "Swan Lake" and the "Grand pas de deux" from Act 2 of "The Nutcracker".

Bananas in Pyjamas

Bananas in Pyjamas is a children's television program on the ABC Channel in Australia. It started in 1992. The main characters are two bananas called B1 and B2. They live next to each other on a beach. Three teddies live in the same neighborhood. There have been six series. 

There is also a 2011 CGI reboot of the show.

A Time to Kill

A Time to Kill is a 1996 American legal drama thriller movie directed by Joel Schumacher released in July 1996. It is based on the 1989 novel of the same name by John Grisham It stars Samuel L. Jackson, Sandra Bullock, Matthew McConaughey and Kevin Spacey. Jackson plays an Carl Lee Hailey whose ten-year-old daughter Tonya is raped by two white racist men in Mississippi. He acts as a vigilante by killing the two rapists. McConaughey plays Jake Tyler Brigance, a lawyer who defends Hailey in court during his murder trial. "A Time to Kill" was a strong box office success during 1996 and was distributed through Warner Bros..

Gerard Lawson

Gerard Lawson (born January 12, 1985) is an American football player. He is cornerback and kickoff returner. Lawson is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns in 2008. He played college football at Oregon State.

Lawson has also played for the Hartford Colonials and Philadelphia Eagles.

Killer Joe

Killer Joe is a 2011 American criminal comedy movie starring Gina Gershon. Its distributor for the United States is Liddell Entertainment. The story of this comedy concerns a tough (though quiet) killer who befriends a young man who in turn wants his own mother taken out. "Killer Joe" received an NC-17 rating from the MPAA for "graphic aberrant content involving violence and sexuality, and a scene of brutality". The distributor appealed the NC-17 rating decision, though they lost the appeal to get the rating lowered to an R rating.

Katsushika

The municipality calls itself "Katsushika City" in English.

Katsushika is in eastern Tokyo. It borders Edogawa on the south. Sumida and Araikawa are on the ward's western border. Adachi is on the northeast.

The cities of Matsudo, Misato and Yashio in Chiba Prefecture are part of the northeast border of the ward.



A Free Ride

A Free Ride is an American pornographic movie. It is the earliest American pornographic movie that exists today. The movie shows a motorist and two women. The motorist picks up the women. Then they have sex. Most people believe the film was made in 1915. But some people claim it was made later.

Chilean Navy

The Chilean Navy is the naval section of the Chilean Armed Forces.



Milton Cruz

Milton Cruz (born August 1, 1957) is a former Brazilian football player.

48||35||0||0||12||3||60||38
48||35||0||0||12||3||60||38



Carlos (footballer, born 1971)

Carlos Soares Garrit (born December 4, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

11||3||0||0||3||1||14||4
11||3||0||0||3||1||14||4

Sergio Escudero

Sergio Escudero can refer to:

Tadashi Sasaki

colspan="2"|-||1||0||1||0||2||0
colspan="2"|-||1||0||1||0||2||0

Takeshi Motoyoshi

Motoyoshi was born in Yokohama on July 26, 1967. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries in 1990. He became a regular player as center back. In 1991, he moved to Mitsubishi Motors (later "Urawa Reds"). However his opportunity to play decreased in 1994 and he moved to Japan Football League club Otsuka Pharmaceutical in 1995. He moved to Tokyo Gas in 1997. Although the club was promoted to new league J2 League end of 1998 season, he retired end of 1998 season.

In 1988, when Motoyoshi was a Chuo University student, he was selected Japan national "B team" for 1988 Asian Cup. At this competition, he played 1 game. However, Japan Football Association don't count as Japan national team match because this Japan team was "B team" not "top team".

135||12||17||2||9||0||161||14
135||12||17||2||9||0||161||14

Akinori Mikami

27||1||1||0||0||0||28||1
27||1||1||0||0||0||28||1

Koichi Nakazato

0||0||0||0||1||0||1||0
0||0||0||0||1||0||1||0

Neurolinguistic programming

Neurolinguistic programming is a way of communicating, created in the 1970s. It is often shortened to "NLP". The discipline assumes there is a link between neurological processes, language and behavior. According to NLP, it is possible to achieve certain goals in life by changing one's behaviour. 
Certain neuroscientists psychologists and linguists, believe that NLP is unsupported by current scientific evidence and that it uses incorrect and misleading terms and concepts.

NLP was invented by Richard Bandler and John Grinder. According to these people, NLP can help solve problems such as phobias, depression, habit disorder, psychosomatic illnesses, and learning disorders.

Reviews of empirical research on NLP show that NLP contains many factual errors. It did not produce reliable results for the claims for effectiveness made by NLP’ developers and proponents. According to Devilly, NLP is no longer as common as it was in the 1970s and 1980s. Criticisms go beyond the lack of empirical evidence for effectiveness; critics say that NLP has pseudoscientific characteristics, title, concepts and terminology. One example where NLP is used as pseudoscience is to make the teaching of scientific literacy at the professional and university level easier. NLP also appears on peer reviewed expert-consensus based lists of discredited interventions. In research designed to identify the “quack factor” in modern mental health practice, Norcross | display-authors = etal (2006) list NLP as possibly or probably discredited, and in papers reviewing discredited interventions for substance and alcohol abuse, Norcross | display-authors = etal (2010) list NLP in the top ten most discredited, and Glasner-Edwards and Rawson (2010) list NLP as “certainly discredited”.

František Mysliveček

František Mysliveček (born June 19, 1965) is a former Czech football player.

45||1||0||0||9||1||54||2
45||1||0||0||9||1||54||2

Kenji Yamamoto

29||0||0||0||1||0||30||0
29||0||0||0||1||0||30||0

Kazuya Igarashi

170||4||3||0||10||0||183||4
170||4||3||0||10||0||183||4

Martin Hřídel

Martin Hřídel (born May 22, 1968) is a former Czech football player.

colspan="2"|-||0||0||0||0||0||0
colspan="2"|-||0||0||0||0||0||0

Naoki Hommachi

167||3||16||0||2||0||185||3
167||3||16||0||2||0||185||3

Kei Hirata

0||0||0||0||1||0||1||0
0||0||0||0||1||0||1||0

Florida Suncoast

Florida Suncoast is the name for the west-central and southwest Florida coast between Tarpon Springs and Naples including the Tampa Bay Area. This region is sometimes also referred to as the Sun Coast. The area includes the well known cities at the coast like Saint Petersburg, Clearwater, Largo, Tampa, Bradenton, Sarasota, Punta Gorda, Englewood, Cape Coral, Fort Myers Beach, Venice and Naples.

Hirokazu Sasaki

84||1||3||0||3||0||90||1
84||1||3||0||3||0||90||1


Davi Cortes da Silva

Davi Cortes da Silva (born November 19, 1963) is a former Brazilian football player.

colspan="2"|-||0||0||8||0||8||0
colspan="2"|-||0||0||8||0||8||0

Jeorá Matos Ferreira

Jeorá Matos Ferreira (May 8, 1964) is a former Brazilian football player.

colspan="2"|-||0||0||1||0||1||0
colspan="2"|-||0||0||1||0||1||0

Yoshiyuki Kato

30||1||1||0||12||3||43||4
30||1||1||0||12||3||43||4

Mitsuhiro Kawamoto

26||0||2||0||4||0||32||0
26||0||2||0||4||0||32||0


Koichi Togashi

30||1||1||0||12||0||43||1
30||1||1||0||12||0||43||1


Paulo Cezar Bonfim

Paulo Cezar Bonfim (born July 15, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

colspan="2"|-||0||0||2||0||2||0
colspan="2"|-||0||0||2||0||2||0

Koji Seki

132||53||15||7||18||8||165||68
132||53||15||7||18||8||165||68


Bactria

Bactria is a region in Asia. It is centered around the city of Balkh, in Northern Afghanistan. It is north of the Hindu Kush, and south of the river Amu Darya. Zoroaster might have been from this region.

North Central Florida

North Central Florida is a region of the U.S. state of Florida, which comprises the north-central part of the state, and including the North Florida counties of Alachua, Bradford, Columbia, Dixie, Gilchrist, Hamilton, Lafayette, Levy, Madison, Suwannee, Taylor and Union. The region's largest city is Gainesville, home of the University of Florida.

The landscape and the climate in North Central Florida different from some other parts of the state, with the region having gently rolling hills and dominated by Magnolia trees and large "Southern live oak"s with Spanish moss.

Jaipur

Jaipur is the capital city of the state of Rajasthan, in India. In 2011, about 3 million people lived there. It is located about 300 km southwest of Delhi and about 200 km west of Agra. There are different industries in the city, which is also a cultural center. Jaipur is home to a university and important transportation. Close to the city, there are agricultural and mining activities.

The city of Jaipur was founded by King of Amer, Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II on 18 November 1727, who ruled from 1699 to 1743. He wanted to move his capital from Amer, to Jaipur because the population was growing and there was not enough water. The construction of the city began in 1726 and took four years to finish.


Orion (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Orion is a giant hunter. When he goes hunting, his dogs Sirius and Procycon accompany him. He lived in Boeotia and Crete. People do not agree about his parents: Sometimes he is said to be the son of Poseidon and the gorgon Euryale, at other times, he is said to have three fathers, Poseidon, Zeus and either Hermes or Ares. All three mixed their sperm in a bag of animal hide. Zeus gave him his craving for erotic adventures, from Poseidon, he got the ability to walk on water.

He is married to Side, but Hera cast his wife into the Tartaros, because Side was too proud of her own beauty.

In Greek literature he first appears as a great hunter in Homer's epic the "Odyssey", where Odysseus sees his shade in the underworld. The bare bones of his story are told by the Hellenistic and Roman collectors of myths, but there is no literary version of his adventures. Other heroes' stories are told, for example Jason in Apollonius of Rhodes' "Argonautica" or Euripides' "Medea". The entry in Ovid's "Fasti" for May 11 is a poem on the birth of Orion, but that is one version of a single story. The surviving fragments of legend have provided a fertile field for speculation about Greek prehistory and myth.

Orion served several roles in ancient Greek culture. The story of the adventures of Orion, the hunter, is the one on which we have the most evidence (and even on that not very much); he is also the personification of the constellation of the same name; he was venerated as a hero, in the Greek sense, in the region of Boeotia; and there is one etiological passage which says that Orion was responsible for the present shape of the Straits of Sicily.

Boric acid

Boric acid is an acid of Boron. Its salts are called Borates. Boric acid is used as a disinfectant. It can also be used as a preservative, it has the E number 284. Boric acid is a by-product of the production of certain forms of glass, porcelain and vitreous enamel. It is also used as a Flame retardant. Dissolved in water, it acts as a neutron absorber in nuclear power plants. 

Boric acid is toxic. Damage is done from absorbing or ingesting about 50 mg, per kg of body weight.

Boric acid is one of the chemicals on the REACH list of the European Union. In 2010, the European Chemicals Agency listed it as a Substance of very high concern. Boric acid causes birth defects; it is a teratogen. This is also true for mixtures that contain boric acid in a concentration of at least 5.5%.

Sky1

Sky1 is a British television channel. It is the oldest satellite television channel in the world.

The channel was launched on 26 April 1982 in Norway and Finland as Satellite Television Ltd and was available to around 700,000 homes. The channel offered premium programming not avaliable to other free channels.
The channel was launched on 27 June 1983 in the United Kingdom and was later renamed Sky Channel on 16 January 1984.

The main airing times during the 1984 to 1989 era were 4:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. in the UK and 5:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. in the western region.

Sky1 was renamed again in 2008.
Sky One closed on 1 September 2021. It was replaced by Sky Showcase and Sky Max.


Entanglement

Entanglement may refer to:

Lost and found

Lost and found or lost property is when somebody loses something of theirs, lost and found items are kept so they can be given back. 

Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals

REACH is an EU directive that simplifies the laws regarding the use of chemical substances inside the European Union. It was made law in 2007. The name stands for "Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals". Chemicals that are used in the EU need to be registered beforehand.

Luke Bryan

Theodore Luther "Luke" Bryan (born July 17, 1976) is an American country music singer and songwriter. He has released six studio albums as of 2015: "I'll Stay Me", "Who I Am," "Doin' My Thing", "Tailgates and Tanlines", and "Crash My Party". He has also released four "Spring Break" Extended Plays as of 2014. "I'll Stay Me" produced the singles "All My Friends Say", "We Rode In Trucks", and "Country Man". The album "Doin' My Thing" produced the singles "Do I", "Rain Is A Good Thing", and "Someone Else Calling You Baby". The album "Tailgates and Tanlines" produced the singles "Country Girl (Shake It For Me)", "I Don't Want This Night To End", "Drunk On You", and "Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye". The album "Crash My Party" has produced the title track, "That's My Kind Of Night", "Drink A Beer", "Play It Again" and "Roller Coaster" as singles. & Easy A (2010)





Paquita

Paquita is a romantic ballet in two acts and three scenes. Its story was written by Joseph Mazilier and Paul Foucher. The music was composed by Edouard Deldevez. It was originally choreographed by Joseph Mazilier. "Paquita" was first performed in the Salle Le Peletier by the Paris Opera Ballet on 1 April 1846. It starred Carlotta Grisi and Lucien Petipa. "Paquita" remained in the repertory of the Opéra until 1851. 

The story takes place in Spain during the occupation of Napoleon's army. The heroine is the young Gypsy girl, Paquita. She is really of noble birth. She was abducted by Gypsies when she was an infant. She saves the life of a young French officer, Lucien d'Hervilly. He is the target of a Spanish governor who desires to have him killed by Iñigo, a Gypsy chief. Paquita discovers that she is of noble birth. She is in fact the cousin of Lucien. She and Lucien marry.

In 1847, "Paquita" was staged for the first time in Russia for the Imperial Ballet of St. Petersburg by Marius Petipa and Pierre-Frédéric Malevergne. It was Petipa's first ballet staged in Russia. In 1881, Petipa produced a revival of the ballet. He added new pieces specially composed by Ludwig Minkus. This included the "Pas de trois" (aka the Minkus Pas de trois or Paquita Pas de trois) for the first act, and the Paquita "Grand pas classique" and the "Mazurka des enfants" (Children's mazurka) for the last act. Petipa's version of "Paquita" remained in the repertory of the Mariinsky Theatre until 1926.

Marius Petipa's 1881 additions for "Paquita" survived long after the full-length ballet left the stage. Today these pieces, particularly the "Grand pas classique", are major cornerstones of the traditional classical ballet repertory. They have been staged by ballet companies throughout the world.

In 2001, the Ballet Master Pierre Lacotte produced a revival of the full-length, two act "Paquita" for the Paris Opera Ballet. Although Lacotte re-choreographed most of the ballet himself, he restored Joseph Mazilier's original mime sequences and mise-en-scène, as well as Marius Petipa's 1881 additions.

Henry Youngman

Henry Youngman (November 21, 1865 in Hörde (Dortmund) – January 24, 1936 in Pittsburgh) was an American baseball player for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys (now Pittsburgh Pirates) in 1890. He was from Germany.

Herb Mitchell

Herb Mitchell (January 4, 1895 - January 12, 1969) was a National Hockey League player for the Boston Bruins from 1924 to 1926. He was born in Meaford, Ontario, Canada.

Fratczak

Fratczak (; feminine: Fratczak, plural Fratczaki) 

"Fratczak" is translated "transfer on Fox". There is several other sounds surnames, such as Fratchak, Fratschak, and Franczak. In Poland there are 6653 people named Fratczak.

Fratczak is: 



List of Mito HollyHock players

The List of Mito Hollyhock is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Mito Hollyhock is a Japanese professional football club in Mito.



Liberal National Party of Queensland

The Liberal National Party of Queensland (LNP) is a liberal conservative political party in Queensland, Australia. It is the merger of the Liberal and National parties in Queensland. It was formed in 2008.

It is currently in Opposition to the centre-left Labor Party. Its current leader is David Crisafulli, the deputy leader is Jarrod Bleijie and the president is Lawrence Springborg.

Since the Liberals and Nationals merged in 2008, the LNP has only ever formed the state government once, when Campbell Newman defeated the incumbent Labor government of Anna Bligh at the 2012 state election in a landslide. He won a record 78 seats in Parliament (which had 89 seats at the time, but now has 93), therefore making Newman the first LNP Premier of Queensland. In 2015, the Labor Party under Annastacia Palaszczuk defeated the LNP and formed a minority government (which has since become a majority government). Despite this, Queensland is a conservative state on the federal level (Labor has only won the two-party-preferred vote in Queensland three times since 1949) and the LNP also holds the majority of wards on the Brisbane City Council.

Naoto Kan

Naoto Kan (born 10 October 1946) is a Japanese politician and former Prime Minister of Japan. In June 2010 he was elected as prime minister. He was the leader of the Democratic Party of Japan. Naoto Kan studied law and is a patent attorney by profession. Kan resigned as prime minister on 26 August 2011 after many people were critical of his leadership following the 2011 earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis. Yoshihiko Noda was appointed as his successor.

Web hosting service

A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service. It allows people and companies to make their website available on the World Wide Web. Web hosts are companies which provide space on a server which is owned or leased for use by clients. These clients store their Web site on the server. The server feeds the web pages to the Internet. 

Wikia, for example, is a hosting service. Many web hosting companies also provide other services including file hosting service.

For entry-level website hosting, shared web hosting is ideal. This is where your website will be housed alongside several other websites on the same server. All domains on a shared hosting plan share the same server resources, such as RAM (Random Access Memory) and CPU (Central Processing Unit) (Central Processing Unit). Shared hosting are relatively inexpensive because all resources are shared, making them a good choice for website owners in their early stages.

It's the perfect solution for website owners who want greater control but don't need a dedicated server. Each website on a VPS server is housed in its own space on the server, while it still shares a physical server with other customers. While VPS hosting gives website owners more customization and storage capacity, it can't withstand extremely high traffic or usage spikes, which means that the site's performance might still be influenced by other sites on the server.

Dedicated web hosting allows website owners to have the maximum control over the server on which their website is hosted. That's because you've rented the server solely, and your website is the only one on it. This means you have complete root and admin access, allowing you to manage anything from security to the operating system you use.

One of the most expensive web hosting solutions is dedicated servers. They are typically utilized by website owners who have a lot of traffic on their site and need complete control over their servers. In addition, the installation and continuing operation of the server necessitate a high level of technical competence.

The majority of hosting packages available online are likely to be managed. Hosting companies provide technical services such hardware and software setup and configuration, maintenance, hardware replacement, technical help, updating, and monitoring. The provider manages the hardware, operating systems, and standardized applications on a day-to-day basis using managed hosting. Each plan is tailored to the demands of various groups, so knowing what you need in a website will help you choose the best plan for you and your company.

Speed skating

Speed skating or speedskating is when in ice skating, people race against each other. Everyone will travel the same distance. They usually compete around an oval course. The Dutch were arguably the earliest pioneers of skating. They began using canals to maintain communication by skating from village to village as far back as the 13th century. Skating eventually spread across the channel to England, and soon the first clubs and artificial rinks began to form. Passionate skaters included several kings of England, Marie Antoinette, Napoleon III and German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. 

Speed skating appeared for the first time in 1924 at the first Olympic Winter Games in Chamonix. Initially, only men were allowed to participate. It was only at the Lake Placid Games in 1932 that women were authorised to compete in speed skating, which was then only a demonstration sport. It was not until the 1960 Games in Squaw Valley that women’s speed skating was officially included in the Olympic programme.

The events almost always follow the European system, which consists 
of skaters competing two-by-two. At the 1932 Olympic Games, the Americans organised American-style events, i.e. with a mass start. This decision brought about a boycott by many European competitors, which allowed the Americans to win the four gold medals. This system would give birth to short-track speed skating, which was added to the Olympic programme in Albertville in 1992. The first known skating competition is thought to have been held in the Netherlands in 1676. However, the first official speed skating events were not held until 1863 in Oslo, Norway. In 1889, the Netherlands hosted the first World Championships, bringing together Dutch, Russian, American and English teams. 

Brodus Clay

George Murdoch (born February 21, 1980) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is better known by his ring name, Brodus Clay. He is best known for his time working with the WWE. Before he became a wrestler he worked as a bodyguard for Snoop Dogg.

Murdoch took part as Brodus Clay in 4th season of "WWE NXT". In NXT, Clay was first helped by kayfabe couple Ted DiBiase and Maryse. They were replaced later by the duo Alberto del Rio and "Ricardo Rodriguez". Clay lost the final against Johnny Curtis in the latest NXT poll.

On 9 January, Clay made his re-debut on WWE RAW Super Show, where he won his match against Curt Hawkins. That Friday on WWE SmackDown, he won his second match after just 13 seconds against Tyson Kidd. After that match he was better known as the "Funkasaurus from Planet Funk".

On June 12, 2014, Clay was released from his WWE contract.


Condé-sur-Sarthe

Condé sur Sarthe is a village near Alençon, in the Orne department in northwestern France. The name "Conde" comes from the Celtic term Condate. There are 2,164 people in 2009. It is . The highest point in the commune is . The river which is called "la Sarthe" flows through the village.

The Rustic cheese is made in the town of Condé-sur-Sarthe.

The church of Saint Martin is of Romanesque architecture and was partly renovated during the Gothic period. Therefore, one can observe arches on one side of the nave, and pointed arches on the other side. The bell tower dates from the 18th century. There is a 19th-century painting of the Assumption and polychrome wooden statues. The stained glass dates from the 16th century.

The "Monument of the Firing Squad Galochère", dating from 1944, honors the soldiers shot here during the Second World War.

Ann M. Martin

Ann Matthews Martin (born August 12, 1955) is an American children's writer.

Ann Martin grew up in Princeton, New Jersey with her parents and her younger sister, Jane. She graduated from Smith College. After this, Martin became a teacher and then an editor of children's books. Now, she is a full-time writer.

Martin finds the ideas for her books from many different things. Some are based on what she has done herself. Others are based on childhood memories and feelings. All of the characters that Ann uses in her books, including the members of "The Baby-Sitters Club", are fictional. However, many of her characters are based on real people. Sometimes Ann names her characters after people she knows, and other times she simply chooses names that she likes.

In 1990, she started the Ann M. Martin Foundation. This gives money to causes which help children, education/literacy programs, homeless people and animals.



Im Sa-hong

Im Sa-hong (임사홍, 1445 - 1506) was a politician and writer and member of the royal family in Joseon Dynasty Korea.



The New York Times Company

The New York Times Company is an American media company. It is most known for publishing "The New York Times," other publications related to it, and other media properties. Its headquarters are at the New York Times Building in Manhattan, New York City.

The company was started by Henry Jarvis Raymond and George Jones in New York City. The first edition of the newspaper "The New York Times was" published on September 18, 1851.

In 2003, the company bought "The Washington Post" 50 percent ownership in the"International Herald Tribune" ("IHT") for US$65 million.

In 2005, the company bought About.com, a company that provides consumer information, for US$410 million. In 2005, the company reported revenues of US$3.4 billion to its investors.

In 2013, the company sold "The Boston Globe" and other media properties to John W. Henry, the main owner of the Boston Red Sox.

They bought The Wirecutter in October 2016 for a $30 million.

In February 2022, the New York Times Company bought "The Athletic", a sports news website, for $550 million.

Later in February 2022, the company bought acquired Wordle, an Internet word puzzle game.


Schoolhouse Rock!

Schoolhouse Rock! was an American animated television show that aired from January 6, 1973 to March 31, 2009. The show is an educational-musical show that first aired on ABC. The topics the show taught children were grammar, science, economics, history, mathematics, and civics. Many of the songs were performed by Grady Tate.

Ring-tailed lemur

The ring-tailed lemur ("Lemur catta") is a primate from the group of lemurs (Lemuriformes). It lives in the dry regions of southwest Madagascar. 

This lemur weighs between . It can live up to 20 years. It is a mid-sized lemur. The striped tail makes it easy to recognize. Its behaviour is somewhat unusual for lemurs: it is active during the day, and spends much time on the ground. Ring-tailed lemurs live in groups of 12 to 15 animals. Each group is led by a female. Ring-tailed lemurs eat both meat and plants, but they mainly eat fruit. They live only in Madagascar. The main threats to ring-tailed lemurs are destroying the places where it lives and hunting.

Notes

Radio edit

A clean version (also called "radio edit") is a song that has its profanity taken away so it can be played on radio stations. Some songs that do not have profanity but are called "radio edit" can mean that their length have been shorten or have some of its lyrical content removed for legal purposes.


1994 Northridge earthquake

The 1994 Northridge Earthquake was a violent natural disaster that took place on Monday, January 17, 1994 at 0430 Pacific Standard Time around the Los Angeles area. The earthquake had a strong moment magnitude at around 6.7, although ground acceleration was one of the highest ever recorded in an urban region of North America. Almost 60 people died and property damage totaled between $20 billion and $23 billion, making this earthquake one of the costliest disasters in the history of the United States. The productions for movies and television programs were shut down, a number of highways and roads were damaged and several Hollywood studios (including Warner Bros., Disney and Universal Pictures) were closed off as a result of this disaster.

Provinces of Mongolia

Mongolia is split up into 21 provinces (called aimags, ) and one provincial municipality. Each province is also split up into several districts.


Blue (group)

Blue are a British pop-R&B boy band quartet. The members are Antony Costa (born 1981), Duncan James (born 1978), Lee Ryan (born 1983) and Simon Webbe (born 1979). The group formed in London in 2000. They released their first single and album in 2001. They split in 2005 and reformed in 2011 . They were the UK entry in the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest.


Midnight blue

Midnight blue is a very dark shade of blue, like navy blue. While they are both dark shades of blue, midnight blue is not the same as navy blue. This color is darker than navy blue and is generally considered to be the deepest shade of blue, one so dark that it might be mistaken for black. Navy blue is a comparatively lighter hue.

Midnight blue projects sophistication and elegance. Its link with formal occasions and royalty means it conveys confidence, power and authority, while its deep hue can also come across as dark and mysterious.

According to color psychology, blue is associated with trustworthiness and reliability. Dark shades of blue in particular are linked with authority and intelligence; midnight blue’s deep appearance is particularly likely to make this impression.

But because it is very close in appearance to black, midnight blue might also project qualities associated with that color. Black can be used to convey power, strength and formality—but it can also signify mourning and fear.

The name “midnight blue” was first used in 1915. It is named for its resemblance to the very dark blue shade of a night sky around the Moon. While the color name is relatively recent, midnight blue skies can be seen in Vincent van Gogh artworks from the 1800s like "Starry Night". Crayola named a crayon “midnight blue” in 1958, replacing the shade that had previously been known as “Prussian blue”.



Magical thinking

Magical thinking is a kind of thinking that looks for relationships between actions and events that can not be proved by reason and observation. Examples of magical thinking include some forms of prayer, some religious or magical rituals, superstitions, and taboos. The rain dance is a form of magical thinking. The dancers believe that the actions and songs used in the rain dance will cause rain to fall. Faith healing is a form of magical thinking where the healer says prayers, puts their hands on the sick person in the belief that the healer's actions will cure the person. Explanations for magical thinking include coincidence, the placebo effect, self-deception, staged events, and natural causes. See materialism. 

In psychology, magical thinking may lead people to believe that their thoughts by themselves can cause effects in the world or that thinking something is the same as doing it. It is a type of incorrect reasoning that looks for meaningful relationships between coincidences. 

However many people believe supernatural things do happen sometimes. To believe all explainable events are simply due to magical thinking is a form of scepticism.



Neilsen rating

Nielsen ratings is an audience measurement system that was developed by the Nielsen Company. They created the system in an effort to determine the audience size and composition of television programming in the United States. The Nielsen Media Research was founded by Arthur Nielsen. Nielsen was a market analyst and began his career in the 1920s. He expanded his career into the radio market analysis during the 1930s. This helped give ratings of radio programing which was meant to provide statistics as to the markets of radio shows. In 1950, Nielsen moved to television and developed ratings systems using the methods he and his company had developed for radios.


List of Glee episodes

This is a list of Glee episodes. Note that Seasons 3,4,5 and 6 are missing.

Christina Milian

Christina Marie Milian (born September 26, 1981), is an American singer-songwriter, actress and dancer. She was born in Jersey City, New Jersey to Cuban parents Don Flores and Carmen Milian and moved to Waldorf, Maryland soon after her birth. She began her music career in 2000 and has released three studio albums.



Eastern black rhinoceros

The Eastern black rhinoceros ("Diceros bicornis michaeli") is also known as the East African black rhinoceros. It is a critically endangered subspecies of black rhino that lives in woodland and scrubland biome. It lives in countries like Ethiopia, Sudan, Somalia, Tanzania, Kenya and Uganda. Black rhinos typically weigh up to 2,090 to 2,870 lbs and get up to 4.7 to 5.2 ft tall and live up to 40 years.

Tribunal

A tribunal is a person or an institution with the authority and power to judge. For example, a court of justice is a tribunal.
The word comes from the word "tribune", the name shared by members of the Roman Republic.

Dominance (ethology)

In the context of the behaviour of animals, dominance means that one animal, or a small group has a high social status. Because of this status, these animals get better access to resources, such as food. Dominance (and submission, the contrary) is always linked to the relationship of two animals, one of them has a higher social status than the other.

Fujiidera

The municipality calls itself "Fujidera City" in English.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, Emperor Chūai and Emperor Ingyō are buried in an earthen tumulus ("kofun") at Fujiidera. Chūai and Ingyō are venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at this site.

The present city was established in 1966.


Takahagi, Ibaraki

The municipality calls itself "Fujidera City" in English.

The city of Takahagi was founded on November 23, 1954.


Public holidays in Thailand

Public holidays in Thailand are controlled by the government. Most holidays are observed by both the public and private sectors.

These observances are controlled by the government, but are not observed as holidays.



César Chávez Day

César Chávez Day is a state holiday in California, Colorado and Texas observed on March 31. The holiday is to remember the life of Cesar Chavez and his civic involvement. All state government offices, community colleges, and libraries are closed, except for K-12 schools. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger suspended observance of the holiday in 2004 and 2005 to save money during the aftermath of the power crisis. It is an optional holiday in Arizona, Michigan, Nebraska, and New Mexico. Californians celebrate this holiday by planting lilies in their front yard. 

Robin Thicke

Robin Charles Thicke (born March 10, 1977) is an American-Canadian R&B singer. 

Thicke was born in Los Angeles to American mother Gloria Loring and Canadian father Alan Thicke.

Thicke's earlier records were put out under his last name. He has written the songs of many musicians, including though not limited to Jennifer Hudson, Usher and many more. He was signed to Interscope Records at the age of 16. His first album was released in 2003. His second album was released in 2006. It was much more successful and sold 1.5 million copies. In 2013 it was reported that Thicke wrote, directed, and acts in a short film called Mercy. Thicke's single "Blurred Lines" sold more than any other song in 2013.

In March 2013 his song "Blurred Lines", featuring T.I. and Pharrell, was released through Star Trak Recordings. It was a worldwide hit, reaching number one in the UK, the US, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Ireland, Spain, Germany, the Netherlands, and Poland. It and its video has been criticized for being misogynistic and promoting rape culture. It was later banned at Leeds Student Union, Edinburgh Student Union, University of Derby, Kingston University, University of Bolton, and The University of West Scotland for these reasons. "The song hugely objectifies women and excuses rape culture,” Hollie O’Connor, president of the University of Derby Students’ Union, told NBC News. “It is a man suggesting that there are ‘blurred lines’ when it comes to sexual consent and that is unacceptable. We felt we needed to take a stand.” Numerous parodies of the video were released online. Thicke responded to criticism by calling it 'ridiculous'. He said the lyrics are about "blurring the lines between men and women and how much we're the same" and "blurred lines between a good girl and a bad girl."

On July 30 the album "Blurred Lines" was released in the US. It entered the Billboard chart at #1.

In August the song was performed at the MTV Video Music Awards with Miley Cyrus. The performance was the most Tweeted-about event in history. Thicke also performed Give It 2 U with Kendrick Lamar and 2 Chainz.

Give It 2 U, Blurred Lines' second single, was officially released August 27. It features rappers Kendrick Lamar and 2 Chainz. will.i.am was one of the writers. Like Blurred Lines, the video is directed by Diane Martel. It reached 25 in the Billboard Hot 100. The third single is to be '4 the Rest of My Life'.

Thicke was married to Paula Patton until October 2014. He has a three-year-old son, Julian Fuego.

Robin Givens

Robin Simone Givens (born November 27, 1964 New York City) is an American stage, television and movie actress. Her acting began in 1985 beginning with sitcoms "The Cosby Show" and "Diff'rent Strokes".

Kodaira, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Kodaira City" in English.


Heather Matarazzo

Heather Amy Matarazzo (born November 10, 1982) is an American actress. She has acted in many movies and television programs. Her movies include "The Princess Diaries", "The Princess Diaries 2", "Scream 3" and "The Devil's Advocate".

Matarazzo is openly lesbian.

Provinces of Oman

The regions and governorates of Oman are divided into provinces.










Scream 3

Scream 3 is a 2000 American horror movie. It stars Courteney Cox and Neve Campbell. It was released via Dimension, which was a division of Miramax at that time. 

It is the third in the "Scream" franchise. It came after "Scream 2" and was followed by "Scream 4". The movie is rated R .

The story takes place three and a half years after the Woodsboro massacre in the first movie. "Scream" . it takes place during the making of "Stab 3." The three survivors of the movie series so far, Gale, Dewey and Sidney, want to catch the new killer. They work with detective Mark Kincaid to learn who the killer is and stop them.

During the search for the killer. Gale finds out, that Sidney's mother. Maureen Prescott, wanted to be an actress.

The movie includes cameos from several well known people. They include directors Wes Craven and Kevin Smith (as Silent Bob) as well as actor Jason Mewes (as Jay)

The movie was rewritten due to the Columbine High School massacre.

Ranzan, Saitama

Ranzan Keikoku Gorge is a forested area near Mount Ohira. The Tsukigawa River runs through it.


Provinces of Panama

Panama is divided into ten provinces (). There are three provincial-level indigenous regions (, often shortened to "comarcas"). 

There are also two indigenous "comarcas" within provinces that are considered equivalent to a "corregimiento" (municipality).

Hitachi, Ibaraki

Hitachi became a city in the year 1939.

In 1910, Namihei Odaira established a machine repair shop in the city. The business grew into the international company which is named after the city -- Hitachi.


Third Geneva Convention

The Third Geneva Convention says that all prisoners of war must be treated fairly. It is one of the four treaties of the Geneva Conventions. It was first used in 1929, but much of it was updated in 1949. 

Cranberry

A cranberry is a fruit. It grows on an evergreen dwarf shrub. Cranberries are in the genus "Vaccinium", and its subgenus "Oxycoccus". In some classification methods, they are regarded as a genus in their own right.

Cranberry plants grow in acidic bogs in cooler areas of the northern hemisphere. They are low creeping shrubs up to seven feet (3 m) long, from two to eight inches (5-20 cm) high. They have slender and wiry stems with small leaves which are evergreen with dark pink flowers. Cranberries are usually eaten during Thanksgiving in the United States. They are also eaten in Europe and some parts of South America. 

Cranberries are strong cash crops for certain U.S. states. They are turned into juice, sauce or jam. Since 2000, cranberries have been marketed as superfruit due to their antioxidant and nutrient qualities.

Victoria Tolstoganova

Victoria Victorovna Tolstoganova (Russian: Виктория Викторовна Толстоганова; born Moscow, 24 March 1972) is a Russian actress. She is best known for acting in Russian TV series in the 2000s.

Tolstoganova is divorced from Andrei Kuzichyov. They have two children. She is currently dating Aleksei Agranovich, with whom she has one child.

Nakano, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Nakano City" in English.


Nakano is a west-central ward. It borders Shibuya on the south. Suginami is on the ward's western border. Nerima is on the northern border. Shinjuku is on the west.



Assembly line

An assembly line is a manufacturing process which is a very important part of industry.

In an assembly line, parts are added to a product in a sequence. Each worker and machine does one part, and the parts are put together to make the finished object. This makes a product much faster than with handcrafting-type methods, where one person made the whole object. 

The division of labour was discussed by Adam Smith in his book "The Wealth of Nations" (1776). He used the manufacture of pins as an example of increasing productive efficiency.

The assembly line developed by Ford Motor Company between 1908 and 1915 made assembly lines famous as an example of mass production. The result was a cheaper car, the Ford Model T, and higher wages for Ford workers. Henry Ford was the first to master the moving assembly line, and was able to reduce labor hours needed to make a car, and increased numbers of cars and parts. Ford was the first company to build large factories around the assembly line concept. 

Mass production by assembly lines was the catalyst which started the modern consumer culture by making possible low unit cost for manufactured goods. It is often said that Ford's production system was ingenious because it turned Ford's own workers into new customers. The lower prices turned a huge potential market into a reality. The greater demand allowed further economies of scale to be exploited. This bootstrapping quality of growth made Ford famous and set an example for other industries.

The idea was not invented by Ford. Its use in America may have started with the production of cars by Ransom E. Olds in 1901.

The earliest example of an assembly system is the Terracotta Army of the 3rd century BC. The terracotta army figures were made in workshops. The head, arms, legs and torsos were created separately and then assembled. Studies show that eight face moulds were most likely used. Once put together, features such as facial expressions were added. 

It is thought their legs were made the same way that terracotta drainage pipes were made at the time. This would make it an assembly line production, with specific parts manufactured and assembled after being fired, as opposed to crafting one solid piece and subsequently firing it. In those times, each workshop had to write its name on items produced. Once they were completed, the terracotta figures were placed in the pits in precise military formation according to rank and duty.

Outer planet

The outer planets are planets in the Solar System that are beyond the asteroid belt. The four planets; Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune are gas giants. All four of these planets have planetary rings which are made up of dust and other particles.




Ōta, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Ōta City" in English.

Ōta Dōkan was the founder of Edo (now known as Tokyo).

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Ōta was formed by combining the wards of Kamata and Ōmori.

Ōta is a southern ward of Tokyo. Its southern border is the Tama River and the city of Kawasaki in Kanagawa Prefecture. On the north, Ōta borders the special wards of Shinagawa, Meguro and Setagaya. Tokyo Bay is on the east.



Hypothyroidism

Hypothyroidism is a medical condition. If a person has hypothyroidism, their thyroid gland does not make enough hormones. It can be caused by many factors, but it is more common when a person has insufficient iodine. Severe hypothyroidism in infants can result in cretinism.
Symptoms of hypothyroidism include the following: tiredness, headaches, weight gain, dry skin, constipation, and poor concentration.

Charnia

Charnia is the genus name of a frond-like Ediacaran lifeform. It has segmented ridges branching alternately to the right and left from a midline. The genus "Charnia" was named after Charnwood Forest in Leicestershire, England, where the first fossilised specimen was found.

"Charnia" is a highly significant fossil for several reasons. It is the first fossil ever described from undoubted Precambrian rocks. Until then the Precambrian was thought to have no fossils. Similar fossils found in the 1930s (Namibia) and the 1940s (Australia) but were thought to be of Cambrian age.

Secondly, "Charnia" has become an enduring image of Precambrian animals. Originally interpreted as an alga (Ford), it was recast as a sea pen, a sister group to the modern soft corals, from 1966 onwards (Glaessner). The sea pen interpretation has recently been discredited. The current "state of the art" is something of a "statement of ignorance".

Little is known of the ecology of "Charnia". It was benthic, anchored to the sea floor. It probably lived in deep waters, below the waves (perhaps a great deal below the wave base). This means it did not photosynthesise. Further, it has no obvious feeding apparatus (mouth, gut, etc.) and so its lifestyle is somewhat of an enigma. Some think it survived by filter feeding or directly absorbing nutrients.

The growth and development of the Ediacara biota is also important. It was used to discredit the sea pen hypothesis. In contrast to the sea pens (that grow by new buds at the base), "Charnia" grew by new buds at the apex.

"Charnia" is, in time and geography, the most widespread Ediacaran fossil. The greatest abundance of specimens, which are also the oldest reliably dated Ediacaran fossils, are found at Mistaken Point on Newfoundland.

Three species, "C. masoni", "C. wardi", and "C. antecedens", have different length/width ratios and attachments of adjacent branches.

"Charnia masoni" was found by Roger Mason, a schoolboy who later became a professor of metamorphic petrology, in 1957. Tina Negus, a 15 year old schoolgirl at the time, had seen this fossil a year previously, but her geography schoolteacher flatly denied the possibility of Precambrian fossils.

"Charnia wardi", later discovered in 1978 in southeast Newfoundland, was first described in 2003. This is the longest surviving Ediacaran age fossil, lasting over 2 million years. The holotype is a fragmentary specimen with a "C. masoni" like structure. It was defined as a new species on the basis of long and narrow shape.

"Charnia antecedens" has more irregular and higher angles of branching than "C. masoni".

A number of Ediacaran form taxa are thought to represent "Charnia" (or "Charniodiscus") at varying levels of decay.

Institute of Space and Astronautical Science

The ISAS began at the University of Tokyo in the 1955.

In 1994, Japan launched its first large rocket built solely with its own technology. According to Shigebumi Saito, former head of Japan's Space Activities Commission, "If we have no vehicle, it is like a navy without ships," 

ISAS was merged with two other space agencies in 2003 when JAXA was established.



Ōsumi (satellite)

, also known as Ohsumi, is the name of the first Japanese artificial satellite which was put into orbit. It was named after Ōsumi Province in the area of Kagoshima Prefecture on the island of Kyūshū. 

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 11, 1970. 

Japan became the fourth nation to send satellite into orbit. Satellites launched by the USSR, the USA and France were put into orbit before Ōsumi. 


Tansei

, also known as Tonsei, is the name of the second Japanese artificial satellite which was put into orbit. 

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo. The name of the satellite means "light blue", which is the school color of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 16, 1971. 


Shinsei

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on September 28, 1971. 


Paul Eddington

Paul Eddington CBE (18 June 1927 – 4 November 1995) was a British actor. He was born in Paddington, London. He is best known for his roles as Jerry Leadbetter in "The Good Life" and Jim Hacker in "Yes Minister". He died of skin cancer in Southwark, London.

Provinces of the Philippines

The Provinces of the Philippines are the main political and administrative divisions of the Philippines. There are 82 provinces at present. The provinces are divided into cities and municipalities. The National Capital Region, as well as independent cities, are separate from any provincial government. Each province has a governor.

The provinces are grouped into seventeen regions based on geographical, cultural, and ethnological characteristics. Fourteen of these regions are designated with numbers corresponding to their geographic location in order from north to south. The National Capital Region, Cordillera Administrative Region, and Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao do not have numerical designations.

Each province is member to the League of Provinces of the Philippines, an organization which aims to address issues affecting provincial and metropolitan government administrations.


Nursery

A nursery is a school for children between the ages of one and five years. It is a preschool education institution, part of a child's education.

Nurseries take care of young children during the day while providing a safe, fun and educational environment. Most nurseries provide toys and a outdoor playground with equipment. 

Nursery "kindergarten" (children's garden), is a name given by Friedrich Fröbel, who created the Nurseru in Germany, in 1837. Other common names are "pre-school", "playschool" and "playgroup". The German word Kindergarten is also used in many non-English-speaking countries to denote a form of pre-school education. However, in the United States, Canada, and some parts of Australia, "kindergarten" is instead the term used to describe the first year of compulsory schooling. The word "kindergarten" is not generally used in the UK.

In the UK, most children start nursery at two or three years old and move on to primary school the academic year they turn five. Some nurseries can take care of babies as young as 3-6 months old. These nurseries are often called day nurseries or daycares. Some nurseries are called children’s centres. Some nurseries have separate rooms for different age groups. Preschools in the UK are mainly designed for children from toddler age to five years.

Increasing the number of nurseries in England is part of the plan of the Government to get more women to get jobs. Working parents of three and four-year-olds in England are eligible for 30 hours of free childcare per week. Parents of 2-year-olds can get 15 hours free childcare if they get means-tested benefits or if the child is disabled. The rules are slightly different in Wales and Scotland. Jeremy Hunt announced plans to let more parents get free places in March 2023, but since then nurseries have found it difficult to get people to work for them and more than 3000 have closed. It may cost £2,000 a month for a full-time place. 

Kingsway, London

Kingsway is a major road in central London in the United Kingdom, designated as part of the A4200. It runs from High Holborn, at its north end in the London Borough of Camden, and meets Aldwych in the south in the City of Westminster at Bush House. It was built in the 1900s. Together Kingsway and Aldwych form one of the major north-south routes through central London linking the ancient east-west routes of High Holborn and Strand.

The road was built as part of a redevelopment of the area in the 1900s. Its route cleared away the maze of small streets in Holborn such as Little Queen Street and the surrounding dwellings. However Holy Trinity Church, which was built in Little Queen Street was spared. Whereas the Sardinian Embassy Chapel, an important Roman Catholic church attached to the Embassy of the Kingdom of Sardinia, was demolished to make way for the new street.

Plans were published by London County Council in 1898 and the road was formally opened in 1905. It is one of the broadest streets in central London at wide.

It was unique in containing below it a tunnel for a tramway, which started just north of Southampton Row, passed beneath Aldwych and continued to the Thames Embankment: this Kingsway tramway subway joined the North and South London tram systems. In 1958 the disused tunnel was reopened at the southern end to make a new connection, the Strand Underpass, for light traffic between Waterloo Bridge and Kingsway on order to reduce congestion. Also beneath Kingsway was a branch of the Piccadilly tube line from Holborn to Aldwych. It is now closed with no service but the platform at Holborn used for the branch is used for TV and film sets that require underground scenes. During WW2 the branch was used to store art treasures from the British Museum, including the Elgin Marbles.

Denpa (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 19, 1972. 


Provinces of Libya

Libya was divided into provinces from 1934 to 1963. Now Libya is divided into 22 districts.

Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency

The , also known as JAXA, is Japan's national space agency.
JAXA is an Independent Administrative Institution.

JAXA is responsible for research, technology development and the launch of satellites into orbit. JAXA is involved in advanced missions, such as asteroid exploration and possible manned exploration of the Moon.

In 2003, three organizations were merged to form the new JAXA. 

Ōsumi was Japan's first satellite. It was sent into orbit in 1970.



Hong Kong Island (constituency)

Hong Kong Island was a constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1998 to 2021.

The constituency covered all the four districts on the Hong Kong Island, namely, Central and Western, Eastern, Southern and Wan Chai.

The constituency was formed since the 1998 legislative election, replacing a number of single-member constituencies in 1995. These were Island West and Island East in the 1991 election with dual-seat constituency dual vote system and Island East, Island West, Island Central, and Island South in the 1995 election.


Kowloon West (1998 constituency)

Kowloon West was a geographical constituency of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It was created in 1998.

The constituency loosely corresponds to the today's districts of Yau Tsim Mong, Sham Shui Po, and Kowloon City.

The constituency was formed since the 1998 legislative election, replacing a number of single-member constituencies in 1995. These were Kowloon West and parts of Kowloon Central in the 1991 election with dual-seat constituency dual vote system and Kowloon Southwest, Kowloon West, Kowloon South, and Kowloon Central in the 1995 election.


Akebono (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 22, 1989. 

Akebono was designed to study auroras and the magnetosphere of earth. The satellite remained operational for 20+ years.


Peter Andre

Peter Andre (born Peter James Andrea on 27 February 1973) is a British-Australian singer and television personality.

Andre was born in Brent, north-west London to Greek Cypriot parents. He grew up in London until moving to the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia when he was six years old.

His first single was released in 1992 and his first album in 1993.

He and Katie Price were contestants in series 3 of the British version of "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!" in January and February 2004. He and Price began a relationship during that time. Andre and Price had their son, Junior in June 2005. The couple married later that year and their daughter, Princess was born in June 2007. The couple divorced in 2009. In July 2012, Andre began a relationship with medical student Emily MacDonagh. The couple’s first child, Amelia, was born on 8th January 2014. They later married on 11th July 2015, in Exeter at Mamhead House. On 22nd November 2016, Emily gave birth to her second child, a son, Theodore James (aka Theo).


A Visit from St. Nicholas

"A Visit from St. Nicholas" is a poem by Clement Clarke Moore. It was first published anonymously on December 23, 1823 in the "Troy Sentinel", an American newspaper. It is also known as "The Night Before Christmas" and "'Twas the Night Before Christmas" from its first line. The poem is largely responsible for the way many people think of Santa Claus. It describes his physical appearance, the night of his visit, his sleigh, the number and names of his reindeer, and the tradition that he brings toys to children.

Provinces of Rwanda

There are five provinces in Rwanda. 
This is a list of districts in Rwanda.


Sleeping with the Enemy

Sleeping with the Enemy is a 1991 American psychological thriller movie. It is based on the novel of the same name. It stars Julia Roberts as Laura Burney, a victim of domestic violence. She moves from Cape Cod, Massachusetts to Cedar Falls, Iowa to escape her violent, controlling husband. This movie was released during February of 1991.

Hiten (spacecraft)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent toward the moon on January 24, 1990. 

On the first lunar approach, Hiten released a small orbiter. This was called 


Taiyo (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 24, 1975. It entered the atmosphere and burned up on 29 June 1980.


Kyokko

Kyokko is the name of a Japanese artificial satellite which was put into orbit. 

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 4, 1978. 


Jikiken

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

Hinotori (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 21, 1981. 


Ohzora

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 14, 1984. 


Suzaku (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was launched on July 10, 2005. 


Glaciology

Glaciology is a discipline of science. It is the study of glaciers. Glaciology is a branch of Earth science. The International Glaciological Society (IGS) is an organization that conducts research in glaciology.

The Devil Inside

The Devil Inside is an American supernatural horror movie. It is a documentary-style movie. The story is about a woman who gets involved in many exorcisms. She is trying to find out what happened to her mother. Her mother murdered three people because she was possessed by a demon.

"The Devil Inside" was released in the United States in January 2012. Its focus is set between 1989 and 2009. It was not shown to critics, although it made nearly $97 million at the box office while in theaters.


Mute

Mute may refer to:


Kowloon East (1998 constituency)

Kowloon East was a constituency in Hong Kong.

The constituency was made at the 1998 legislative election. This replaced several single-member constituencies in 1995. These were Kowloon East and parts of Kowloon Central in the 1991 election.

New Territories West (constituency)

New Territories West, or "NT West", means the western part of New Territories in Hong Kong. It includes Tsuen Wan District, Kwai Tsing District, Tuen Mun District, Yuen Long District and Islands District. It is one of the geographical constituencies in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, the largest geographical constituencies in Hong Kong. Although New Territories West is not the official administration name in Hong Kong (while New Territories is the official name), many government departments use it as one of main regions for administration divisions.

New Territories East (constituency)

New Territories East (or NT East), refers to the eastern part of New Territories in Hong Kong. It includes Sha Tin District, Tai Po District, North District and Sai Kung District. It is the second largest geographical constituency in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. Although New Territories East is not an official administrative name (it is officially part of the 'New Territories'), many government departments use it as a major administrative division.

Heung Yee Kuk (constituency)

The Heung Yee Kuk, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1991. The constituency is composed of the Chairman and Vice-Chairmen of the Heung Yee Kuk and the Ex Officio, Special and Co-opted Councillors of the Full Council of the Kuk.

Agriculture and Fisheries (constituency)

The Agriculture and Fisheries are a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. It was created from the Agriculture, Fisheries, Mining, Energy and Construction in 1995. The constituency is composed of agriculture and fisheries organisations. 

Insurance (constituency)

The Insurance is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. It was created from the Financial, Insurance and Real Estate Services which composed of all the voters with the occupation of finance, insurance, real estate services under the then Governor Chris Patten's enlargement of the new nine functional constituency in 1995. The constituency is now restricted to only 144 insurers.

Transport (constituency)

The Transport, formerly called Transport and Communication in the colonial period, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. 178 electors are only limited to transportation associations.

Education (constituency)

The Education, formerly called Teaching in the colonial period, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It has been the functional constituency with most registered voters since 1998.

Legal (constituency)

The Legal, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985. Electors include The member of the Law Society of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Bar Association, and the officers in the Government's judicial departments.

Accountancy (constituency)

The Accountancy is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1988. The constituency is composed of certified public accountants.

Medical (constituency)

The Medical, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985. Electors include all medical participators and dentists. It consists of the second largest number of voters among the functional constituency after the Education constituency.

Health Services (constituency)

The Health Services, formerly called Health, are a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of health services related professionals. 

Engineering (constituency)

The Engineering is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of composed of professional engineers and the members of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers.

Architectural, Surveying, Planning and Landscape (constituency)

The Architectural, Surveying, Planning and Landscape, formerly called Engineering, Architectural, Surveying and Planning from 1985 to 1991 and Architectural, Surveying and Planning from 1991 to 2016 is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985. The constituency is composed of composed of architects, landscape architects, surveyors, and planners and the members of Hong Kong Institute of Architects, Hong Kong Institute of Landscape Architects, Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors, and Hong Kong Institute of Planners entitled to vote at the general meetings of the associations.

Box office

A box office is a place where tickets are sold to the public. These tickets let people into a theater to see an event. In the movie industry, the term is most often used to mean the amount of money a movie makes by the selling of tickets. The term can also mean things which affect the amount a movie earns.

"Box office" business can be measured in terms of how many people see a movie. It can also be measured by how much money is earned by selling tickets. The estimate of these amounts and analysis of them is very important to the movie industry. It is often something that is important to fans as well. 

Some people think that the movie industry is concerned too much with this. They say profit is more important to movie studios than making movies as a form of art. Understanding how different types of movies earn money affects the how other movies are made and paid for. If a certain type of movie often has a large box office, studios are more likely to make that type of movie. Some types of movies earn more when they are released at certain times of the year. Studios use this information to plan when to release certain movies. For example:

There are many websites that show box-office number. Two of these are ShowBIZ Data and Box Office Mojo. 

Usually, the movie's distributor gets more than half of the money earned. The rest is kept by the movie theater. The percentage is different from movie to movie. The distributor often gets a higher percentage in early weeks. As time passes, the percentage become lower and the theater keeps a larger part of the ticket sales. With some movies, the distributor may take all of the ticket sales for the first week. The theater earns its money by selling food and drinks. After several weeks nearly all of the ticket sales is kept by the theater. Because of this, only the first few weeks are very important to the movie studios. 

The following is movie industry specific terminology. It is defined by Box Office Mojo.
For movies released in North America, box office figures are usually divided into two categories. The first is domestic. This is the amount a movie earns in the United States and Canada. The second is foreign which includes all other countries. The Weekly box office is the amount a movie makes from Friday through Thursday. The "movie week" starts on Friday because most movies are released on that day. A large part of this is the weekend box office. It is defined as the amount earned on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The first weekend after a movie is released is the opening weekend. The amount made by a movie on its opening weekend is what is often reported. 

Theaters is the number of theaters in which the movie is being shown. Because a theater may show a movie on more than one screens, the total number of screens is also used. If a movie is released in over 600 theaters, it is said to be wide release. If the number is less than 600, it is a limited release. A limited release may be as small as one theater or 1-2 theaters in New York City and Los Angeles, California. A movie may start with a limited release and later get a wide release. "Little Miss Sunshine" is an example of this.

Labour (constituency)

The Labour is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985. The constituency is composed of bodies that are trade unions of which all the voting members are employees.

Social Welfare (constituency)

The Social Welfare, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985. Electors include all the registered social workers.

Real Estate and Construction (constituency)

The Real Estate and Construction, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Construction Association, and Hong Kong E&M Contractors' Association to vote at general meetings of the Associations.

Tourism (constituency)

The Tourism, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the tourist industry.

Commercial (First)

The Commercial (First), is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Commercial Industry.

Commercial (Second)

The Commercial (Second), is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Commercial Industry.

Industrial (First)

The Industrial (First), is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Industrial Industry.

Industrial (Second)

The Industrial (Second), is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Industrial Industry.

Finance (constituency)

The Finance, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Financial Industry.

Financial Services (constituency)

The Financial Services, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998. The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Financial Services Industry.

Umbrella tree

Umbrella tree can refer to several items:



Transitivity

Transitivity may refer to:



Evasion

Evasion is the act of avoiding something.

It may refer to:

Battersea Bridge

Battersea Bridge is a cast-iron and granite five-span cantilever bridge crossing the River Thames in London, England. It is on a sharp bend in the river, and links Battersea south of the river with Chelsea to the north.

The first Battersea Bridge was a toll bridge. Although a stone bridge was planned, a cheaper wooden bridge was built instead. Designed by Henry Holland, it was opened to pedestrians in November 1771, and to vehicles in 1772. The bridge was poorly designed. It was dangerous to its users and to passing shipping. Boats often collided with it. To reduce the dangers to shipping, two piers were removed, and the sections of the bridge above them were strengthened with iron girders.

Although dangerous and unpopular, the bridge was the last surviving wooden bridge across the Thames in London. It was the subject of paintings by Turner, Cotman and Whistler.

In 1879 the bridge was taken into public ownership, and in 1885 demolished and replaced with the existing bridge, designed by Joseph Bazalgette. It is the narrowest surviving road bridge over the Thames in London, and one of London's least busy Thames bridges. The position on a bend in the river makes the bridge a hazard to shipping, and it has been closed many times due to collisions.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames. The Battersea Bridge area marked the official start of the parade of ships and boats moving towards Tower Bridge.


Saint

A saint is a holy person. In many religions, saints are people who are believed to be sacred.

In Christianity, the word "saint" refers to any person who is "in Christ", and in whom Christ dwells, whether in Heaven or in earth. Orthodox Christians and Catholics teach that all Christians in Heaven are saints, but some are worthy of more honor than others.

In the Christian Bible, not only one person is actually called a saint: "They envied Moses also in the camp, and Aaron the saint of the LORD." () The apostle Paul called himself "less than the least of all saints" in .
Paul's 2nd letter to the Corinthian Church speaks of ...all the saints in Achaia 
Also to the saints in Ephesus as well as to all the saints in Christ Jesus at Philippi

Many religions use the "saint" idea to honor people, like Hindu saints. If a person is considered a saint, no matter what religion they belong to, they are usually:

In the Anglican Communion and the Continuing Anglican movement, a Saint is a person who has been elevated by popular opinion as a holy person. The saints are seen as models of holiness to be followed, and as a 'cloud of witnesses' that strengthen and encourage the believer during his or her spiritual journey (). Official Anglican policy recognizes the existence of the saints in heaven.

In the Eastern Orthodox Church a saint is defined as anyone who is in Heaven, whether recognized here on earth, or not. This means Adam and Eve, Moses, and the various prophets (except for the angels and archangels) are all given the title of "Saint". In the Orthodox Church, sainthood refers to closeness to God.

In the Lutheran Church, all Christians, whether in heaven or on earth, are regarded as saints. However, the church still recognizes and honors certain saints, including some saints honored by the Catholic Church.

While Methodists as a whole do not practice the patronage or veneration of saints, they do honor and admire them. Methodists believe that all Christians are saints, but mostly use the term to refer to biblical people, Christian leaders, and martyrs of the faith. Many Methodist churches are named after saints, such as the Twelve Apostles, John Wesley, etc.

The beliefs within The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) with regard to saints are close to the beliefs of the Protestant faith. In the New Testament the saints are all those who have been baptized. "Latter-day" refers to the doctrine that members are living in the "latter days", before the Second Coming of Christ. Therefore members are often referred to as "Latter-day Saints" or "LDS", and among themselves as "Saints".

The Syriac Orthodox, Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, Ethiopian Orthodox, Eritrean Orthodox, Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church and Armenian Apostolic Church do accept the existence of saints, but officially recognize them in their own ways. For example, the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria canonizes saints, through the approval of that church's Holy Synod. A requirement of the Coptic Orthodox faith is that at least 50 years must pass from a saint's death to his canonization, and the Coptic Orthodox Pope must follow that rule.

There are some groups who do not accept the idea of the Communion of Saints. Some believe all of the departed are in soul sleep until the final resurrection on Judgment Day. Others believe that the departed go to either Paradise or Tartarus, to await the day in which the living and the dead are judged. Certain groups do not believe that the departed have any connection with the living.

In many Protestant churches, the word "saint" is used more generally to refer to anyone who is a Christian. This is similar to Paul's numerous references in the New Testament of the Bible. In this way, anyone who is within the Body of Christ (any Christian) is a 'saint' because of their relationship with Christ Jesus. Many Protestants consider prayers to the saints to be idolatry because they believe prayers should be given only to God himself.

One Roman Catholic website says that "There are over 10,000 named saints and beatified people from history, the Roman Martyrology and Orthodox sources, but no definitive head count".

Rev. Alban Butler published "Lives of the Saints" in 1756, containing 1,486 saints. The latest edition of this work contains the lives of 2,565 saints. Monsignor Robert Sarno, an official of Vatican's Congregation for the Causes of Saints, said it is impossible to say the exact number of saints.

The Catholic Church teaches that it does not make anyone into a saint. Instead, it recognizes a saint. In the Church, the title of Saint refers to a person who has been canonized (officially recognized) by the Catholic Church, and is therefore believed to be in Heaven.

Because the Church believes all people in Heaven are saints, there are many people believed to be in Heaven who have not been officially declared as saints. Sometimes the word "saint" is used to refer to Christians still living here on earth.

The veneration of saints, in Latin, "cultus", or the "cult of the saints", describes devotion to a particular saint or saints. Sometimes this is called "worship", but only in the old-sense meaning "to honor or give respect". According to the Catholic Church, Divine Worship is properly reserved only for God and never to the saints. Saints can be asked for help, just as one can ask someone on earth to pray for them.

A saint may be a patron saint of a cause or profession, or invoked against specific illnesses or disasters, sometimes by popular custom and sometimes by official statements of the Magisterium. Saints are not thought to have power of their own, but only that granted by God.

A person who is seen as very holy can be declared a saint by a formal process, called canonization. Formal canonization is a lengthy process often taking many years, even centuries. The first step in this process is an investigation of the candidate's life, undertaken by an expert. After this, the report on the candidate is given to the bishop of the area and more studying is done. It is then sent to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in Rome.

If the application is approved, the person may be granted the title of "Venerable". Further investigations may lead to the candidate's beatification and given title of "Blessed". At least two important miracles are required to be formally declared a saint. These miracles must have happened after the candidate died. Finally, when all of this is done the Pope canonizes the saint.

Once a person has been declared a saint, the body of the saint is considered holy. The remains of saints are called holy relics and are usually used in churches. Saints' personal belongings may also be used as relics. Some of the saints have a symbol that represents their life.

The word "saint" is not only used by Christianity. In many religions, there are people who have been recognized as having reached the highest goals of religious teaching. In English, the term saint is often used to translate this idea from many world religions.

Cuban Santería, Haitian Vodou, Brazilian Umbanda and Candomblé, and other similar syncretist religions adopted the Catholic saints, or at least the images of the saints, and applied their own spirits/deities to them. They are worshiped in churches (where they appear as saints) and in religious festivals, where they appear as the deities. The name "santería" was originally a negative term for those whose worship of saints deviated from Catholic norms.

Buddhists hold the Arhats and Arahants in special esteem, as well as Bodhisattvas and Buddhas.

In Discordianism, anyone, living or dead, or even anything can be named a saint. Anyone may canonize anything or anyone else as everyone, whether they are aware of it or not, is a pope in the POEE. This is because "moral perfection isn't necessary for Discordian Sainthood. You just have to suffer a lot."

There are people who have been described as being Hindu saints, most of whom have also been more specifically identified by the terms Sant, Mahatma, Paramahamsa, or Swami, or with the titles "Sri" or "Srila".

The Arabic word "wali" (Arabic ولي, plural Awliyā' أولياء) is usually translated into English as "Saint". However, the "wali" should not be confused with the Christian tradition of sainthood. An important early scholar of Sunni Islamic beliefs, Ahmad ibn Muhammad al-Tahawi, mentioned in his book "Al-Aqidah At-Tahawiya":

"We do not prefer any of the saintly men among the Ummah over any of the Prophets but rather we say that any one of the Prophets is better than all the awliya' put together. We believe in what we know of Karamat, the marvels of the awliya' and in authentic stories about them from trustworthy sources.

Unlike Prophets and Messengers, the "awliya" can be either male and female. One of the best known female saints is Rabi`a al-Adawiyya.

It is widely regarded in Islam that the saints of saints is Ali Ibn Abi Talib the cousin of Muhammad all Sufi orders originate through his teachings. In addition all saints regard him as their champion 'The Saints of Saints'

In Sufism, the major "wali" are considered to have been masters in the art of spiritual purification. Some groups within Islam hold the Hadrat (literally, Presence, a title of Sufi saints) in esteem.

The word "Tzadik" "righteous", and its associated meanings, developed in Rabbinic thought from its Talmudic contrast with "Hasid" ("Pious" honorific), to its exploration in Ethical literature, and its spiritualisation in Kabbalah. In Hasidic Judaism, the institution of the Tzadik assumed central importance.

The concept of sant or bhagat is found in North Indian religious thought including Sikhism. Figures such as Kabir, Ravidas, Nanak, and others are widely regarded as belonging to the Sant tradition. Some of their mystical compositions are incorporated in the Guru Granth Sahib. The term "Sant" is still sometimes loosely applied to living individuals in the Sikh and related communities.




Anne Bancroft

Anne Bancroft (September 17, 1931 – June 6, 2005) was an American actress. She was born Anna Maria Louisa Italiano in the Bronx, New York City. She had Italian grandparents and was raised Roman Catholic. 
She won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in the 1962 movie "The Miracle Worker". She also won three BAFTA Awards, an Emmy Award, two Golden Globe Awards and two Tony Awards. She is best known for her role as Mrs Robinson in "The Graduate".
Her first marriage ended in divorce. Her second marriage was to actor-filmmaker Mel Brooks. It lasted from 1964 until her death in Mount Sinai Hospital, Manhattan, New York City, from uterine cancer. Their son, writer Max Brooks (born 1972), is her only child.

Apples and oranges

Apples and oranges is a common English idiom. It is used to describe unlike objects or people. One of the most well-known bits of popular wisdom in the English-speaking world is that apples and oranges cannot be compared. The ability to tell apples from oranges is learned.

The phrase is almost always used along with a warning that things in different categories cannot be compared, or that the comparison is improper.

This idiom began as a comparison of "apples and oysters" in a book of proverbs published in 1670. This idiom has become a marker in English-speaking culture. Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.

The idiom is not uniquely English.

In French-speaking Quebec, the idiom is "comparer des pommes avec des oranges" (to compare apples and oranges), In Europe, the French idiom is "comparer des pommes et des poires" (to compare apples and pears).

In Latin America, the Spanish idiom is "comparar papas y boniatos" (comparing potatoes and sweet potatoes) or "comparar peras con manzanas" (comparing pears and apples).

In British English, the phrase "chalk and cheese" means the same thing as "apples and oranges".

In order to compare anything, there needs to be a theory to be proven and framework for testing the theory. Three basic questions come first:

The idiom has inspired scientific research projects. For example, the "British Medical Journal" published a study of red delicious apples compared with navel oranges. They were found to have many similarities.

There are differences in nutritional value.

Experiments at NASA Ames Research Center showed that apples and oranges decay at similar rates.




Hardness

Hardness is a measure of how much a material resists changes in shape. Hard things resist pressure. Some examples of hard materials are diamond, boron carbide, quartz, tempered steel, ice, granite, concrete. Ability of material to resist wear, tear, scratching, abrasion cutting is called hardness. 

Harder materials are more difficult to cut and shape than softer ones. They are also usually more brittle which means they do not bend much but can shatter. Hard materials are used in cutting tools, machines and construction materials and other industrial goods. 

Hardness tests are important in materials science. The Mohs scale of mineral hardness tests the hardness of minerals. The Brinell scale and various compression tests and rebound tests are more used for metals and artificial materials. 


Asia Pacific

Asia-Pacific or Asia Pacific (abbreviated as Asia-Pac, Asia Pac, Apac, APAC, APNIC, APJ, JAPA or JAPAC) is the part of the world in or near the Western Pacific Ocean. The region varies in size. It typically includes much of East Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Central Asia, West Asia and Oceania.

The term may also include Russia (on the North Pacific) and countries in North and South America which are on the coast of the Eastern Pacific Ocean; the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), for example, includes Canada, Chile, Russia, Mexico, Peru, and the United States.

The term sometimes includes all of Asia and Australasia as well as the many Pacific island nations.

Even though imprecise, the term has become popular since the late 1980s in commerce, finance and politics. It is popular even though the economies within the region are not the same.)

The Asia-Pacific region generally includes:

Small Island Developing States

Small Island Developing States (SIDS) are low-lying coastal countries. They share similar problems because of their size. Some of these problems are: small but growing populations, limited resources, and long distances from other countries.

The SIDS were first seen as a distinct group of developing countries at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in June 1992. The Barbados Programme of Action was made in 1994 to help the SIDS to develop.

Currently, the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs lists 44 small island developing states. These are broken down into three geographic regions: the Caribbean; the Pacific; and Africa, Indian Ocean, Mediterranean and South China Sea (AIMS). Each of these regions has a regional organisation for cooperation: the Caribbean Community, the Pacific Islands Forum and the Indian Ocean Commission.




Provinces of Vanuatu

Vanuatu is divided into six provinces. It has been divided this way since 1994.

The provinces are divided into municipalities (usually consisting of an individual island) headed by a council and a mayor elected from among the members of the council.

From 1985 to 1994 Vanuatu was divided into eleven island regions:

During the Condominium era, specifically from 1968 to 1984 the group was divided into four administrative districts:

List of rivers of Afghanistan

This is a list of rivers wholly or partly in Afghanistan. They are arranged geographically by river basin.






List of rivers of Algeria

This is a list of streams and rivers in Algeria









Gran Valira

The Gran Valira is the biggest river in Andorra. It flows through the capital, Andorra la Vella, and exits the country in the south near the Spain–Andorra road border crossing.

The Gran Valira is a tributary to the Segre, a tributary to the Ebro. It flows into the Segre in La Seu d'Urgell, Spain.

The Gran Valira river has a length of , only outside Andorra, and a drainage basin with an area of for the whole Valira system including the Valira d'Orient and the Valira del Nord rivers. 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at La Seu d'Urgell in the Catalonia, Spain.

The Valira river has the shape of "Y". The upper branches are the "Valira del Nord" an the "Valira d'Orient" rivers. They join in Escaldes-Engordany and, from here, the river is called the "Gran Valira".

Le Valira del Nord river is also called "Valira de la Massana", "Valira de Ordino" or "ribera de Ordino". It starts in the "Estanys de Tristaina", a group of 3 lakes in northwestern Andorra, in the Ordino parish at an altitude of above sea level. From here, the river flows to the centre of the country, flowing through the villages El Serrat, Les Salines, Llorts, Arans, La Cortinada, Ansalonga, Ordino, La Massana, Anyós and Engordany (part of Escaldes-Engordany). Its main tributaries are the "Sorteny" and "Arinsal" rivers.

The Valira d'Orient river is also called "Valira de Encamp", "Valira de Canillo" or "Valira de Soldeu". It starts in the "Cirque des Pessons" in northeastern Andorra, in the Encamp parish. From here, the river flows through the villages Soldeu, El Tarter, L'Aldosa, El Vilar, Canillo, Molleres, Les Bons, Encamp et Escaldes (part of Escaldes-Engordany). Its main tributary is the "Madriu" river.

The Gran Valira river starts with the confluence of the two previous rivers in Escaldes-Engordany. It flows through the towns Andorra la Vella, Santa Coloma, La Margineda, Aixovall and Sant Julià de Lòria. Then it flows into Spain where it is joined, by the left side, by its main tributary, the Runer river.

Finally, it flows into the Segre river in La Seu d'Urgell.

List of rivers of Angola

This is a list of streams and rivers in Angola

Chiloango River - Congo River - Cuando River - Cuanza River - Cunene River

Kasai River - Kwango River

Luanginga River - Luena River - Lungwebungu River

Okavango River

Rio Quicombo

Zambezi River

List of rivers of Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda does not have any permanent rivers. Following is a list of streams in Antigua. Barbuda does not have any streams.



List of rivers of Armenia

The Rivers in Armenia are mainly fresh water. Armenia has many rivers. 

The largest river of the Republic of Armenia is the Araks, which is on the country's border with Iran and a large part of the border with Turkey. Its major tributaries are the Akhurian, Kasagh, Hrazdan, Azat, Arpa, Vorotan and Voghdji rivers. The largest rivers in the northwest part of the country are the Debed and Aghstev. Smaller ones include the Dzoraget and the Pambak.

The following table is the list of the biggest rivers in Armenia: 

Bodies of water of Azerbaijan

Below is a list of the water bodies of Azerbaijan, which include rivers and lakes. Canals which are artificial rivers and reservoirs which are artifical lakes are also a part of Azerbaijan's water systems.

The hydrography of Azerbaijan basically belongs to the Caspian Sea drainage basin.

There are 8,359 rivers of various lengths within Azerbaijan. Of them 8,188 rivers are less than 25 kilometers in length. Only 24 rivers are over 100 kilometers long. The largest rivers that flow through the country are:

The rivers in Azerbaijan can be divided into three groups:

The Kur and Aras are the longest rivers in Azerbaijan. The rivers directly flow into the Caspian Sea. They come from the north-eastern slope of the Greater Caucasus and Talysh Mountains and run along the Samur-Devechi and Lenkeran lowlands.

The Kur River drainage basin area (86,000 km²) up to the junction with the Aras River is smaller than the Aras drainage basin (101,937 km²). The river is still called Kur on the junction because the water level of the Kura is twice as high as that of the Aras River.


There are over 60 water reservoirs. These help guide the river flow in Azerbaijan. Most of them are used for irrigation. The largest water reservoirs are:

List of rivers of Azerbaijan

The Rivers in Azerbaijan are fresh water. Azerbaijan has many rivers. 

The hydrography of Azerbaijan basically belongs to the Caspian Sea drainage basin to which all rivers in Azerbaijan flow to.

The longest river of the Republic of Azerbaijan is the Kur whose river source is in Turkey and which flows through the Republic of Georgia, before it enters Azerbaijan. There it unites with the second longest river Aras whose river source is also in Turkey, and which is on the country's border with Iran. The major tributaries of the Kur river are the Qanix, Qabirri, Turyan, Agstafa, Shekir, Terter and Khachin rivers. The major tributaries of the Aras river are the Arpachay, Nakhchivan, Okhchu, Hekeri and Kondelenchay rivers. The largest rivers which are not tributaries of the Kur and Aras rivers are the Samur, Gudyal, Velvele, Vilesh and Lenkeran rivers.

There are 8,359 rivers of various lengths within Azerbaijan. Of them 8,188 rivers are less than 25 kilometers in length. Only 24 rivers are over 100 kilometers long. The largest rivers that flow through the country are:

The rivers in Azerbaijan can be divided into three groups:

The Kur and Aras are the longest rivers in Azerbaijan. The rivers directly flow into the Caspian Sea. They come from the north-eastern slope of the Greater Caucasus and Talysh Mountains and run along the Samur-Devechi and Lenkeran lowlands.

The Kur River drainage basin area (86,000 km²) up to the junction with the Aras River is smaller than the Aras drainage basin (101,937 km²). The river is still called Kur on the junction because the water level of the Kura is twice as high as that of the Aras River.

Hulme

Hulme is an inner city area and electoral ward of Manchester, England which is south of Manchester city centre and divided from it by the River Medlock. Historically a part of Lancashire, the name Hulme comes from the Old Norse word for a small island, or land surrounded by water or marsh, showing that it was probably settled by Norse invaders during the period of the Danelaw.

The part of Hulme nearest to Old Trafford is known as Cornbrook from the Corn Brook, a tributary of the River Irwell. The Bridgewater Canal passes through Hulme. Chorlton-on-Medlock is to the east, Moss Side to the south and Old Trafford to the west.


List of rivers of the Bahamas

List of some of the rivers of The Bahamas.




List of countries without rivers

This is a list of countries that do not have any rivers.




Jean Coralli

Jean Coralli (January 15, 1779 – May 1, 1854), born Jean Coralli Peracini, was a French dancer and choreographer of Italian background. He debuted in Paris in 1803. He choreographed for Vienna, Milan, Lisbon, and Marseilles. He later held the post of First Ballet Master of the Paris Opéra Ballet. He is best known for the creation of the Romantic ballet "Giselle" (1841). This ballet was choreographed with Jules Perrot. Other ballets include "Le Diable Boiteux", "La Tarentule", and "La Péri".


List of rivers of Barbados

This is a list of rivers in Barbados.



List of rivers of Belarus

These are the rivers of Belarus.



List of rivers of Belgium

These are the main rivers of Belgium.





List of rivers of Belize

These are the main rivers of Belize. Belize has a total of 35 major and minor river catchments or watersheds which drain into the Caribbean Sea.



List of rivers of Bhutan

This is a list of rivers in Bhutan. All rivers in Bhutan ultimately drain to the Brahmaputra River in India.

Heather Whitestone

Heather Leigh Whitestone (born February 24, 1973) is an American former beauty queen. She became Miss America 1995 on September 17, 1994. She was the first deaf Miss America. She lost most of her hearing about 18 months after birth.

Major Lance

Major Lance (April 4, 1939, – September 3, 1994) was a solo singer. 'Major' was his given name; it was not a nickname or stage name. Born in Winterville, Mississippi.

Although he was arrested a couple of times in his life and his earliest records were not successful, Lance was most known for his music hits in the United States called "Monkey Time" and "Um, um, Um, Um, Um, Um". He was considered the most successful Okeh artist. After these hits, he became an iconic figure in Britain, where he lived throughout in the 1970s, among followers of Northern soul.

Lance continued to tour and perform at clubs and music festivals, such as in the United Kingdom and England, until he died in 1994 from a certain heart attack at the age of 55. Lance is buried in Homewood, Illinois.

Major Lance was born in Winterville, Mississippi. There has been something confusing over Lance's birth year; some sources say he was born 1941 or 1942 (as Lance claimed), while his gravestone states he was born in 1939. 'Major' was his given name; it was not a nickname or stage name. Major Lance was one of 12 children. One of his hobbies was playing Baseball.

Lance moved with his family on the northwest side of Chicago in the Cabrini-Green projects, where there was a lot of crime in the area, as a child. After moving to Chicago, he developed a boyhood friendship with another singer named Otis Leavill Cobb. They both attended Wells High School. This was the same school Curtis Mayfield and Jerry Butler, who were also both singers too, went to. Mayfield called him a "sparkly fellow, and a great basketball player, which is probably how we met. His hero was Jackie Wilson, and he was always coming round and looking through my bag for songs that I'd written but didn't want to do with the Impressions. He was pretty good at picking them, too." Lance and Otis both toke boxing and were also singing as members of the Five Gospel Harmonaires. Both of them also worked together at a drug store.

Lance and Otis Leavill formed a group named the Floats in the mid-1950s. However, they broke up before recording any songs. But Lance became a featured dancer on a local TV show named "Time for Teens", and presenter Jim Lounsbury gave him a one-off record deal with Mercury Records. Mercury released his single "I Got a Girl", written and produced by Curtis Mayfield, in 1959, which was not successful. Because of this, Lance worked at various jobs over the next few years.

Lance signed with OKeh Records in 1962 as Curtis Mayfield recommended. Major was constantly showing up at the Okeh offices, offering to run errands for Carl Davis, telling him about the record he'd once made and how he and Curtis Mayfield were friends from their childhood. Major Lance's first single was called "Delilah", which was made by Curtis Mayfield. Although it was not successful, it made his partnership with a writing and arranging team for Curtis Mayfield, Carl Davis, and Johnny Pate, often with members of Mayfield's music group called The Impressions on backing vocals. Together they made a distinctive, Latin-tinged sound which epitomised Chicago soul unlike other music.

Major Lance's second Okeh single was called "The Monkey Time". This song was also written by Mayfield. Unlike his first Okeh single, Monkey Time was a success, becoming #2 on the "Billboard" R&B chart. It was also the #8 pop hit in 1963. "The Monkey Time" became Okeh's first hit single for 10 years.
His hits quickly became more successful, including "Hey Little Girl", "Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um" (his biggest hit, reaching #5 in the US pop chart and #40 in the UK, where it was his only chart success. It was also one of the top 100 on the Billboard chart in 1964), "The Matador" (the only one not written by Mayfield), "Rhythm", "Sometimes I Wonder", "Come See", and "Ain't It A Shame".

Lance and Davis continued to work together, during the time Pate and Mayfield left Okeh Records. "Too Hot To Hold" was a minor hit, but they had poor success before Davis left the company in turn. During this period, Lance toured in the United Kingdom. This is where he was supported by Bluesology, a band including pianist Reggie Dwight (Reggie was later known as Elton John.). Over the next two years he began working with several music producers. Soon after Lance left OKeh Records in 1968 and moved to Dakar Records, where he had the Top 40 R&B hit "Follow the Leader." He then moved to Mayfield's label named Curtom Records, which resulted in his last two Top 40 R&B hits, "Stay Away From Me (I Love You too Much)" and "Must Be Love Coming Down." One of Lance's song recorded at Curtom called "Stay Away From Me" was listed #4 in Jet Magazine's "Soul Brothers Top 20". He left Curtom in 1971, and recorded for Volt and Columbia Records labels for a short amount of time.

Lance moved to England in 1972. He was to become "legendary as a UK club act, known to deliver 110% at every performance." During his time in England, he recorded an album, "Major Lance's Greatest Hits Recorded Live At The Torch", recorded at The Torch, a club in Stoke-on-Trent, which has been described as "perhaps the best Northern Soul album ever made". Lance returned to Atlanta in 1974. He recorded an updated disco version of "Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um" for Playboy Records. He set up a new label, Osiris, with Al Jackson, a former drummer for Booker T and the MG, but again with little success, and his songs became less popular. But later found that his recordings had become popular on the beach music circuit in the Carolinas, where he continued to perform at live performances. He recorded a comeback album, "The Major's Back", and several tracks for the Kat Family label.

Major Lance was married to Christine Boular Lance, and had nine children. He was 6'6 foot tall.

Lance was arrested two times in his life. In 1965, Lance was arrested in violation of the Paternity Act. A Chicago Women, Para Lee Thomas, told she had a son named "Ronnie Maurice Lance" (born ). She declared Lance who promised to pay her doctor and hospital bills around $375, but defaulted in the payment. Judge Benjamin J. Kanter issued for the arrest, setting Lance's bond at $1,000. After recording briefly for the Motown Records subsidiary label Soul in 1978, he was convicted of cocaine possession and was sentenced to four years in Jail.

In 1987, Lance was diagnosed with a heart attack, and he became nearly blind from glaucoma. As a result, he made no more recordings since. In June 1994, he gave his final performance at the 11th Chicago Blues Festival. In September of that year, he died in his sleep at the age of 55 of heart disease in Decatur, Georgia. He was survived by his family. He is buried at Washington Memory Gardens Cemetery in Homewood, Illinois.


Shin Saimdang

Shin Saimdang (; , 29 October 1504 – 17 May 1551) or Lady Saimdang Shin (, ) was an artist, poet, writer, and Confucian scholar during the Joseon dynasty of Korea. long time aged she was worship, honored as a symbol of wise mother and wife.

Her real name was Inseon. Her pen names were Saimdang, Inimdang, Imdang, Imsajae. She was the mother of Yi I, the Korean philosopher. 





Hwang Jinyi

Hwang Jinyi (c. 1520 - c. 1560) was a gisaeng of the Joseon Dynasty who lived during the reign of King Jungjong. Her "gisaeng" name was Myeongwol (meaning "bright moon"). She was said to be charming, witty, very beautiful, and very smart. Her personal life has inspired movies, a TV series, operas, and many novels. She has become a modern popular cultural icon of Korea.



Enamorada de Ti (album)

Enamorada de Ti () is a remix album by American singer Selena. It was released on April 3, 2012 by EMI Latin records. It contains remixed songs that were released before Selena's death. It also includes duets with Don Omar, Selena Gomez, Juan Magan, Samo from the Mexican band Camila and the Carlos Santana band. The purpose of the album was to "bring Selena's music into today's pop music scene". Her songs were given "updated" beats and rhythms. The songs remixed were turned into ballads, electronic dance music and reggaeton. Within an hour of its release, the album peaked at number-one on the US iTunes Store and Mexico iTunes Store. The lead single, "Amor Prohibido" (with Samo) peaked at number 20 on the US Latin Pop Airplay and number 48 on the Hot Latin Tracks. The single is currently charting and have been for over a month.

List of rivers of Bolivia

This is a list of rivers in Bolivia.

This list is arranged by the place the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. Rivers longer than 400 miles are in bold. 






List of rivers of Bosnia and Herzegovina

This is a list of rivers of Bosnia and Herzegovina ordered by letter.





Citroën AX

The Citroën AX is a car produced by Citroën. It replaced the Citroën LN in late 1986 with the 3-door model and the Citroën Visa in 1987 with the 5-door model although the Visa continued until 1988. It was facelifted in late 1991 and was replaced by the Citroën Saxo in 1996 but the AX continued in some markets until 1998. In Malaysia, it was sold as the Proton Tiara with only a 5-door version from 1996 to 2000. 


Margalla Hills

The Margalla Hills (Urdu: مرگله کی پہاڑىاں) is a mountain range in the lesser Himalayas. The Hills are north of Islamabad. The Margalla Range has an area of . The hills are an 'off shoot' or linked part of the bigger Murree hills. It is a range with many valleys as well as mountains. Its highest peak is Tilla Charouni, in its eastern end, which is 1,604 metres tall. The range has an average elevation of 1000 metres. The range gets some snow in some higher places in winters. 

Damn-e-Koh is a garden viewing point in the middle of the Margalla Hills. Daman-e-Koh is a midpoint for tourists on their way to the higher view point. There is a plan to construct a chairlift from Daman-e-Koh to Pir Sohawa. Monkeys are a common sight during winter. Cheetahs are frequently reported to descend from higher hills of Murree during snowfall.

Monal is a family resort in the Margalla Hills. It has a restaurant and point from where you can view the city of Islamabad. It is a short way up the Margalla hills. It attracts tourists from several places to eat, buy and enjoy. There is a Motion Ride too.

Pir Sohawa is a rapidly developing tourist resort located 17 kilometers (11 mi) from Islamabad on top of Margalla Hills. It has a 3000 plus ft elevation and located in Monal village which is geographically part of Haripur District.Bright hills is a holiday resorts at scenic views of canyons on Margalla hills.

Margalla National Park is located in the foothills of the Margalla. The park includes the Margalla Hills, which form's the foothills of the Himalayas, along with Shakarparian Park and Rawal Lake. Established in 1980, Margalla Hills National Park covers approximately 17,386 hectares (67.13 sq mi). 

Margalla is famous for its hiking routes that go till Pir Sohawa and above. Some famous routes are:

Kherimurat

Kherimurat is a mountain range in district Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan. It is long. Its highest point is Tilla Kherimurat at high.


Kherimar

Kherimar is a mountain range in district Attock, Punjab, Pakistan. It is long and wide. Its highest point is high.

Çankaya University

Çankaya University is a school found in Ankara, Turkey on July 9, 1997. Çankaya University has four faculties and one vocational training School. It has 7,786 students.

Marlee Matlin

Marlee Beth Matlin (born August 24 1965) is an American television and movie actress. She is also deaf. Deaf means she cannot hear. She is the first deaf person to win an Academy Award for Best Actress. At the age of 21, she was also the youngest woman in history to win. She won for her part in "Children of a Lesser God". In addition to her acting work, she also works with the National Association of the Deaf. She is known for her work on television shows such as "Reasonable Doubts", "Desperate Housewives", "The West Wing", and "Switched at Birth".

Matlin was born in Morton Grove, Illinois to Libby and Donald Matlin. Her father sold cars for a living. She has two older brothers. They are Eric and Marc. At 18 months of age, she lost all hearing in her right ear and 80% of her hearing in her left ear. She thinks she lost her hearing because of a genetic problem in her cochlea.She is the only person in her family who is deaf.

Her family is Jewish. Matlin had a Bat Mitzvah. A Bat Mitzvah is a coming of age party for girls in the Jewish tradition. She had to read the Torah. The Torah is an important book for Jewish people, and it is in Hebrew. Because she was deaf, she learned to read it by memorizing the sounds of the Hebrew letters. She went to John Hersey High School in Arlington Heights and Harper College.

As a child, she had some bad experiences. Two adults touched her in a sexual way. This is called sexual abuse or molestation. She was molested by her babysitter when she was 11 years old and later by a teacher in high school.

Matlin first acted when she was seven years old as Dorothy in the "Wizard of Oz" for a children's theater. As a child, she acted many times with the children's theater. Henry Winkler saw her at one of these shows and asked her to act in "Children of a Lesser God" (1986). "Children of a Lesser God" is about a deaf woman who works cleaning a deaf school. A new teacher comes to the school, and he tries to get her to speak out loud. They fall in love, but because she is deaf and he is hearing, there are some problems. For this movie, Matlin won an Academy Award for Best Actress and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Drama.

In 1988, Matlin was a guest on "Sesame Street". She sang "Just the Way You Are" with Billy Joel. She used sign language during the song and hugged Oscar the Grouch at the end.

From 1991-1993, Matlin worked on "Reasonable Doubts" which was a crime show. Matlin was a deaf lawyer, and she worked with a police officer who knew sign language. The police officer was played by Mark Harmon. For "Reasonable Doubts" Matlin was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for lead female. Nominate means that people suggest that she should win.

Next, from 1993-1996 Matlin worked on "Picket Fences." This television show was about strange things in the town of Rome, Wisconsin. At first, Matlin was a guest on this show. In the third year of the show, her character became the leader of the town. During the last year of the show, Matlin was a regular actress on the show. She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her work on "Picket Fences.""

In 1994, Matlin acted as Carrie Buck in "Against Her Will: The Carrie Buck Story" (1994). This television movie is about the United States Supreme Court case "Buck v. Bell" 274 U.S. 200 (1927). Matlin played a hearing woman for the first time, and she was nominated for a CableACE award for Best Actress.

From 2000-2006, Matlin worked on "The West Wing." This television show is about the American White House. Matlin's character helped the President.

Matlin was also a guest on many television shows such as "Seinfeld" ("The Lip Reader"), "ER", "The Practice", "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit", "Desperate Housewives", and "." She was nominated for Emmy Awards for her work on "Seinfeld", "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit", and "The Practice".

From 2007-2009, Matlin worked on "The L Word". Matlin started working on this television show in its fourth year. She was Jodi Lerner. Jodi is a gay artist who works with stone. Jodi is the girlfriend of the show's main character, Bette Porter. Bette Porter is played by Jennifer Beals.

In 2008, Matlin appeared on "Dancing with the Stars". Matlin danced with Fabian Sanchez. They were the sixth group to leave the competition.

Matlin did another reality television show called "The Celebrity Apprentice". "The Celebrity Apprentice" is hosted by Donald Trump and is on NBC. Matlin finished in second place. She won some money, and she gave the money to the Starkey Hearing Foundation. In the fifth show called "The Art of the Deal" on April 3, 2011, Matlin made $986,000 for her group. This was the most money ever given at one time on a television show before.Trump added $14,000 to make one million dollars to give to the Starkey Hearing Foundation.

In addition to acting, Matlin has done other public work. On October 15-18, 2004, Matlin was the host of the 3rd Annual Festival for Cinema of the Deaf in Chicago. Annual means people do it every year. On February 4, 2007, Matlin sang the "Star Spangled Banner" in American Sign Language at the 41st Super Bowl in Miami, Florida.

On May 6, 2009, Matlin got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Matlin also appears on "Switched at Birth," a family television show on ABC.

In 2002, Matlin wrote her first book. It is called "Deaf Child Crossing", and it is based on her childhood. She also wrote a second book called "Nobody's Perfect." The second book was turned into a stage show at the John F. Kennedy Center for Performing Arts in October 2007.

In 2009, Matlin wrote a book about herself. The name is "I'll Scream Later". She tells about her drug problem and about the time when she was dating William Hurt, who was also an actor.

Matlin married Kevin Grandalski on August 29, 1993. Grandalski is a police officer. They met when she was working on "Reasonable Doubts". Grandalski was working security and helping with traffic that day. They have four children: Sarah, Brandon, Tyler, and Isabelle.

Matlin works with many groups to help people. She works with Easter Seals, the Children Affected by AIDS Foundation, and the Red Cross. She also supports Jewish groups.

In 1987, Matlin got an honorary degree from Gallaudet University.

List of rivers of Botswana

These are the rivers and streams in Botswana.

(I) indicates an intermittent stream, which is a stream that sometimes disappears.

Bonapitse River Bonapitsi Bonga Bonwapitse Boro Borokha Boteti Botletle River

Chamka Chapman’s River (I) Chokana River Chokana Spruit Chwarelangwana

Daukha River Deception (I) Deka Dikabia Dikabia Spruit Dzivanini

Galekgatshwane Ganakha Gani Gomoti Guekha

Kahkadi Kaua (I) Kauku Kava (I) Kewapa Khopa Spruit Kihabedum Kkhwapa Klehaba Kodi Kolobeng Komu Dia Tsaba Laagte Kopong Kudum Kuru (I) Kwala (I) Kweneng Laagte Kwikhai

Letiahau Lotlakani Lotsane River Lotsani River Lyshuma River

Machokwane River Machooloata Machous River Macloutsie Maitengwe Maklautsi Makletsi Laagte Makwegana Spillway Malachane Manasilonoko Manche Manzamnyama Marapoathutlwa Marapong Marsupe River Matengwe River Matlhabanelo Matsebe Mayitiya (I) Metsemaswaane Metsemotlaba River Metsemotlhaba Mhalapshwe River Mhalatswe River Mita Moanachira Mochaba Mojali Mokhapi Mokhokhelo Mokhonong Laagte Mokolane Molopo River (I) Moloporivier (I) Mombo Moselebe (I) Mosileme Laagte Motloutse Motwon Mourinuanan
Lol Ulladulla Public School a rules

Namasseri (I) Nata Ncamasere (I) Ngamaseri (I) Ng-gokha Nghabe Ngoga Ngokha Notwane River

Okwa (I)

Pakwe Piwaning

Rakabochwa Ramakgwebana Ramaquabana Ramaquabane Ramokgwebana River Daukha Rooibock Laagte (I)

Savuti Channel Sebuyu N’Kulu Sebuyu N’Kulu Sebuyu Neyami Sebuyu Neyami Sebuyu Neyami River Sebweo Segoditshane Selepswe Selinda Spillway Serorome Serureme Serurumi River Seswe (I) Shashe Shashi River Shua River Shuane River Sibanane River Sibanene River Sibanini Sibaninni Suka River

Taokhe Tati Tati River Taukhe Taung Taupse Taupye Tautswe Thamalakane River Thune Tshakujuwo Tsiklane Tuni River Tutumi River

Vukwe River


List of rivers of Brazil

This is a list of rivers in Brazil.

List of rivers of Brunei

This is a list of rivers in Brunei .


List of rivers of Burkina Faso

This is a list of streams and rivers in Burkina Faso. Burkina Faso has three main rivers — the Black Volta, the Red Volta and the White Volta. Areas near rivers are affected by tsetse flies and simulium flies.









List of rivers of Burundi

This is a list of streams and rivers in Burundi


Memrise

Memrise is a free online language-learning website. It uses flashcards with mnemonics to teach. Users are tested by multiple choice and type-in tests. Memrise was founded by Ed Cooke and Greg Detre. Memrise is headquartered in England.

Memrise uses what's called "elaborate encoding" to help users remember different concepts.

Karl Weierstraß

Karl Theodor Wilhelm Weierstraß (31 October 1815 - 19 February 1897) was a German mathematician. Most of his work is about using logic as a thorough foundation of analysis. He mainly used power series for this. He also provided foundations for the theory of elliptic functions, differential geometry and the calculus of variations. The Bolzano-Weierstrass theorem is named in his honour: according to the theorem, every bounded sequence of real numbers has at least one limit point. He criticised earlier mathematicians for using assumptions too often, and being too vague in their definitions. 

Tilla Charouni

Tilla Charouni is the highest peak of Margala Hills National Park in northern Pakistan. Its height is 1604 m / 5263 feet. It is also the highest peak of District Islamabad and District Haripur as it is on the boundary of both districts. It is covered with pine trees.

List of rivers of Cambodia

This is a list of major rivers in Cambodia .

This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 



List of rivers of Cameroon

This is a list of streams and rivers in Cameroon

Aïna River

Benue River

Campo River

Dja River

Kadéï River

Logone River - Lélé River

Mayo Kébbi

Noun River - Ntem River - Nyong River

Sanaga River - Sangha River

Wouri River

List of rivers of the Central African Republic

This is a list of streams and rivers in the Central African Republic

Chari River

Gboyo River

Kadéï River

Logone River

Mbomou River

Ouham River

Sangha River

Ubangi River

List of rivers of Chile

This list of rivers in Chile includes all the major rivers of Chile. Important tributaries appear in this list, underneath the river into which they drain.

Note: The rivers are ordered by the latitude.






Notes:

List of rivers of Chad

This is a list of rivers which are at least partially in Chad.


List of rivers of Colombia

This is a list of rivers in Colombia. They are arranged by where they drain. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.







List of rivers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo

This is a list of streams and rivers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo

Aruwimi

Chiloango - Congo

Ebola

Fimi - Fwa

Inkisi

Kasai - Kwango

Lomami - Lualaba - Luapula - Lubu - Lukaya - Lukenie - Lulonga - Luvua
avonte

Mbomou

Ruzizi

Sankuru - Semliki

Ubangi - Uele


List of rivers of the Republic of the Congo

This is a list of streams and rivers in the Republic of the Congo

Aïna River

Chiloango River - Congo River

Kouilou-Niari River

Nyanga River

Sangha River

Ubangi River

List of rivers of Costa Rica

This is a list of rivers in Costa Rica. The list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.




Rivers of Ivory Coast

Four major river systems are in Ivory Coast. They flow from north to south, draining into the Gulf of Guinea. From west to east these are:


In the north, many smaller tributaries change to dry streambeds between rains.

List of rivers of Cuba

This is a list of rivers in Cuba. It is arranged from west to east, by coast. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.




List of rivers of Cyprus

Most of the 35 streams in Cyprus are small and impermanent, meaning they do not stay. Melting snow supplies water to a number of these until late April. Others are merely winter torrents which go dry during the summer.

Dezső Czigány

Dezső Czigány (1 June 1883 – 31 December 1937) was a Hungarian painter.

He was a member of "The Eight," which was Hungarian group of artists. The Eight was founded in early 1909.

In 1937 he took his own life.

List of rivers of the Czech Republic

These are the rivers of the Czech Republic.

Rachel Berry

Rachel Berry is a fictional character from the FOX musical comedy-drama television series Glee. The character is portrayed by actress Lea Michele. The character first appeared in the pilot episode of Glee which premiered on May 19, 2009. Rachel was created by Glee creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan. She is the glee club captain of the fictional William McKinley High School in Lima, Ohio, where the show is set. Her storylines have seen her suffer feeling alone because of her ambition to win. She has also developed romantic feelings for Jesse St. James (Jonathan Groff), a member of the rival (enemy) glee club Vocal Adrenaline. She also began dating and eventually entering into a relationship with quarterback and glee club co-captain Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith). The pair eventually become engaged. In the Season Five Episode “Quarterback”, Rachel,along with other members of the Glee Club as well as staff members pay tributes to Finn Hudson after he dies on the show (Cory Monteith died in 2013).

Michele has stated that she was just like Rachel when she was younger. She had inspiration to play the role of Rachel. Other projects include the movie "Election" and other television roles such as the "Gossip Girl" character Blair Waldorf. Michele has said that she feels "vulnerable" while playing Rachel. She stated, "Rachel will never be popular because her looks aren't (are not) considered beautiful, and when I was in high school it was the same for me. I didn't get a nose job, and every single girl around me did. Therefore, I was out." Michele added, "What's so great about "Glee" is that it shows you how that kind of stuff hurts, but it doesn't matter: You can still be who you want to be."

Rachel is a "strong, driven girl" but somewhat nervous about herself. "Glee" follows Rachel's journey to become more of a team player. She does this to fulfill her own dreams. Michele was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series" in 2010. She was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for "Best Actress - Television Series Musical or Comedy" in 2010 and 2011. Rachel has received mostly positive reviews from critics. Maureen Ryan of "The Chicago Tribune" thanked Michele for making the character "more than a humorless (not funny) stereotype". However, "The Wall Street Journal"s Raymund Flandez has described Rachel as "insufferable" (annoying). Several songs performed by Michele as Rachel have been released as digital download singles. They have also been included on the series' soundtrack albums.

Rachel is the daughter of an interracial same-sex couple. She is Jewish and was named after Rachel Green from "Friends". She joins the glee club. She hopes that fame will increase her popularity and to find a boyfriend. She is bullied by members of the school cheerleading and football teams. She is, however, excited that quarterback Finn Hudson joins the club. She then develops a crush on him. The two kisses in the episode "Showmance". However, Finn tells her to forget that it happened and continues dating his girlfriend, cheerleader Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron). Rachel quits the glee club. She does this because she is not given a solo she wanted. She is then given the lead role in the school musical, "Cabaret". However, she later quits the musical and rejoins the glee club. She returns because she rather have friends then be alone. She has a short relationship with another glee club member, Puck (Mark Salling). He is also Jewish, and is a football player who used to bully her. Rachel later breaks up with him because she still has feelings for Finn. She later learns that Quinn's pregnancy was not caused by him but by Puck. She then tells Finn the truth who then attacks Puck. Finn then breaks up with Quinn and drops out of glee club. He returns on the day of the group's first major competition, the Sectionals. He does this to undo damage by cheerleading couch Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch). The group makes up a completely new set list. Rachel starts the show with a solo of "Don't Rain on My Parade". They win by an agreement decision.

For a short time Rachel believes that she is dating Finn. However, he tells her that he needs to take time out for himself. He changes his mind soon after. By that time, Rachel has already begun dating Jesse St. James (Jonathan Groff). He is the lead singer of the enemy glee club Vocal Adrenaline. The rest of the glee club tries to convince Rachel to break up with Jesse. However, he transfers (moved) to William McKinley. He then joins New Directions. Rachel tells Jesse that her dream is to find her birth mother. He offers to help her do so. However, he already knows who it is: Vocal Adrenaline coach Shelby Corcoran (Idina Menzel). Shelby asked Jesse to befriend Rachel. She hopes that it might reconnect with her daughter. Shelby cannot directly contact Rachel until she is eighteen. When Rachel discovers that Shelby is her mother they begin to talk. They both confess to not feel an anything. They eventually decide to not develop a relationship. Jesse betrays Rachel and returns to Vocal Adrenaline. In the episode "Journey to Regionals", Finn tells Rachel that he loves her. Although they lose the competition to Vocal Adrenaline, they become a couple.

Sue Sylvester tells glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) about a rule. The rule is that there has to be a minimum of twelve students when competing. Will tells the glee club that they have to find new members. At first Rachel encourages Sunshine Corazon (Charice) to try out. However, when she realizes that she is a good singer, she gives her wrong directions to the auditions. She gives Sunshine directions to an inactive (no longer in service) crack house. Sunshine then transfers (moves to) Carmel High School and joins Vocal Adrenaline. Puck and Finn's friendship becomes stronger again. They work together and sing horribly at the duets competition. They do this so new club member Sam Evans (Chord Overstreet) wins instead. They want him to feel welcomed and appreciated by the club. Rachel later finds out that Finn slept with cheerleader Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera) the previous year. At the time, Rachel was dating Jesse. Finn lied to Rachel, though Rachel herself had lied. She said she slept with Jesse which she had not. Feeling hurt, she makes out with Puck to hurt Finn back. This causes Finn to break up with her. Rachel later tries get back with Finn. However, he begins to dating Quinn again. Feeling hurt, Rachel writes an original song for Regionals, "Get It Right". They win Regionals and Rachel is named MVP.

Just before junior prom, Jesse returns. Rachel invites him to the prom with her, Sam and Mercedes (Amber Riley). Finn and Jesse begins arguing at prom. They then begin to fight and are asked to leave prom. This hurts Finn and Quinn's campaign for prom king and queen. Finn breaks up with Quinn after he realizes he really loves Rachel. At Nationals in New York City, Finn begs Rachel to be his girlfriend again. She says no. She does this because she wants to stay focus on becoming a Broadway star. At the end of their duet—"Pretending", Rachel and Finn kiss. The audience become silent. The glee club comes in twelfth and did not make the top 10. Back in Ohio, Finn reminds Rachel that she has a year until graduation. They then kiss and restart their relationship.

Rachel and Kurt plan to go to a performing arts school in New York City after graduation. School counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) suggests they think about going to The York Academy of the Dramatic Arts (NYADA). The two go to an Ohio "mixer". They attend in hopes to get potential applicants. Rachel proposes McKinley do "West Side Story" as the school musical. She believes she can get the lead role Maria. She also needs the experience for her NYADA application. However, Mercedes also auditions for Maria. The directors were not able to choose between the two. After their callbacks, the casting directors decides to "double-cast" the role. Mercedes begins believing that she did better in the callbacks. She refuses to accept the double-casting. She then quit the show and gives Rachel the part. She and Finn decide to have sex in the episode "The First Time". In the episode "Mash Off", Rachel decides to run for class president. She takes herself off when she realizes Kurt will not go to NYADA if he does not win. In the episode "I Kissed a Girl", she starts an election ballot box. She does this because to keep Kurt from losing. He loses anyway and she tells Kurt what she had done. Rachel is then suspended from school for a week. She is also not allowed to compete in Sectionals with New Directions. While at Sectionals, glee club wins without her. At the end of the episode "Yes/No", Finn asks her to marry him. After taking time to think about it, she accepts.<ref name="Yes/No"></ref> Their parents find out in "Heart". They try everything they could to break them up. However, their plans only made it worse. Finn and Rachel announced their plan to get married in May. When the date seems to be too far away, they decide to get marry sooner. They decide to get marry after Regionals in "On My Way". New Directions wins at Regionals. Hours later, the ceremony begins at City Hall. Their parents arrive to New York. They try to end the wedding. Rachel is waiting for Quinn to arrive. She had to go home to get her bridesmaid dress. While Quinn is driving back to New York City, her car is hit by a truck.

Rachel is portrayed by Lea Michele. Younger Rachel has been played by Lauren Boles. When Ryan Murphy was casting for "Glee", he wanted actors who could take on theatrical roles. Murphy did not want to do network casting calls. He instead, spent three months on Broadway. He found Michele, who was starring in "Spring Awakening". The role of Rachel was written just for Michele. In an interview with "The Washington Post", Michele commented on her casting, saying: "I was kind of just thrown into this—this is one of the first television jobs I've ever had. Of course being able to sing helps bring a sense of comfort. The character I'm playing is really outgoing—she performs in her everyday life as though she's performing in front of a huge audience."

In December 2010, Murphy announced that the cast of "Glee" would be replaced. He stated that the replacements would happen at the end of the third season. Which would be around the time when they graduate. Murphy said: "Every year we're going to add a new group [of people]. There's nothing more sad than a high schooler with a bald spot." He also revealed that some of the original cast will leave as early as 2012: "I think you have to be true to the fact that here is a group of people who come and go in these teachers' lives." Murphy said in July 2011 that Michele would be one of the actors leaving. Michele commented on this, saying: "We always knew we'd graduate in real time. It's all part of the plan and it's all good! It's going to make Season 3 amazing! This is just the beginning!" However, Falchuk later stated that Michele, along with Chris Colfer and Cory Monteith will graduate at the end of the third season. He also said: "because they're (they are) graduating doesn't mean they're (they are) leaving the show." Falchuk also said: "it was never our plan or our intention to let them go…. They are not done with the show after this season."

Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" commented on the news about the cast leaving. She said: "Indeed, a rolling cast list has done some shows good in the past. I'll admit that it took me some time to warm up to the 'new kids' on "Friday Night Lights", which ends its run tomorrow on NBC, but it was a well-done transition. What I loved most was that the new blood (group) didn't (did not) try to be the new versions of the old characters. They were new characters with completely different outlooks and goals. "Glee" could learn a lot from what "Friday Night Lights" accomplished (have done successfully): a seamless, realistic (real) transition (change). The problem? 'Seamless' and 'realistic' have never been "Glee"s strong points, which is not to say they couldn't (could not) be. But the question is: Is "Glee" looking to be the less-attractive comedy cousin of "Friday Night Lights"… or "Saved By the Bell: The New Class"?"

Michele took the role as Rachel because of her characterization. Michele explained: "Not only is she a singer, but she has so much heart—I think it's what we need on TV. A show that is filled with heart and love that is funny. It sends an amazing message to kids about the arts and being who you are." Michele described the first thirteen episodes of "Glee". She described it as: "Rachel's journey of finding herself within the glee club". She also said that "she's learning how to be a team player and work within this group. She's a very strong, driven girl, who's (who is) sometimes a little misunderstood."

"Glee"s costume designer Lou Eyrich described Rachel's costumes. Eyrich told "Entertainment Weekly": "Originally (at first), the inspiration for her look was Tracy Flick from "Election"—very buttoned-down (someone who is serious in the job they are doing), preppy (someone who looks like a high school student), obnoxious (not very well liked by people), squeaky clean, nerdy. But she's got at least 12 costume changes each episode. That same look all the time just gets boring for the screen (television) and for the actress to wear, so we spread it out a lot. We try to have her buttoned-up or wearing a nerdy sweater over a cute dress, like she doesn't quite get it right. Or she takes that sweater and tucks it into the skirt and pairs it with knee highs and flats. She makes it her way, which is more quirky. The popular girls find a way to make it look cool, but Rachel makes it look nerdy. But it's not old-school nerdy with thick glasses and pocket protectors. She thinks she's taking a trend and making it cool, but she wears it wrong."

Michele have stated that she was just like Rachel when she was younger. She also gets inspiration from the movie "Election", and "Gossip Girl" character Blair Waldorf. She has explained: "[Blair] is shady (a mean person), but you still love her. She's still vulnerable (easy to get hurt). That's what I try to do with Rachel. Rachel will never be popular because her looks aren't (are not) considered beautiful, and when I was in high school it was the same for me. I didn't get a nose job, and every single girl around me did. Therefore, I was out. I was not cool. What's so great about Glee is that it shows you how that kind of stuff hurts, but it doesn't (does not) matter: You can still be who you want to be. And in four years, high school will be over and all of that crap won't (will not) matter anyway."

Some songs performed by Michele as Rachel have been released as digital download singles. They were also on the soundtrack albums, "Glee: The Music, Volume 1" and "Glee: The Music, Volume 2". Rachel has received positive reviews from critics. Michele was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series" in 2010. She also was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for "Best Actress - Television Series Musical or Comedy" in 2010. Robert A. George of the "New York Post" stated "the only female [in Glee] who doesn't (does not) come across as manipulative (easy to tell someone what to do) or vapidly (nothing good about her) helpless" (not able to help her own self). "Chicago Tribune"s Maureen Ryan wrote, "Lea Michele not only has an amazing voice but manages to make her character, spoiled (get's whatever she wants in life) diva Rachel Berry, more than a humorless (not funny) stereotype." Denise Martin of "The Los Angeles Times" commented in her review of the episode "The Rhodes Not Taken": "if there's any justice in the world, Lea Michele will win a Golden Globe and an Emmy for playing Rachel".

In the episode "Hairography", Kurt Hummel gives Rachel a bad make over. Mike Hale of the "New York Times" remembered a popular theme that critics give negative reviews because of the way "Glee" treats its female characters. Hale said that he understands why, but also says that the show equally treats male characters the same. However, he wrote that "it was a bit much when Finn looked at Rachel in her catsuit and frizzy hair and said she looked like a 'sad clown hooker.' Come on. She looked fantastic (really good)." Zap2it's Korbi Ghosh commented: "when we saw Rachel fall for them (Finn and Puck), she was actually relatable. Likable even. The type-A (best), uber-talented, self-involved (gets into things by herself) know-it-all (a person who believes they know everything) who's usually alienating her classmates let her guard down to expose (to show) a vulnerable side. And, as a bonus, we got some super solid musical performances from those awkward courtships."

Michele has won a number of awards for her portrayal of Rachel. Michele won the Satellite Awards for "Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical or Comedy Television Series" in 2009. She also won, as part of the cast, for "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series" at the Screen Actors Guild Awards. In 2010, Michele won the NewNowNext Awards for "Brink of Fame: Actor". In 2009, she was nominated for a Teen Choice Awards in the category "Choice TV Breakout Star". That same year, Michele was nominated for a Golden Globe for "Best Actress - Television Series Musical or Comedy". She also was nominated for an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series". She received another Teen Choice Award nomination in 2010 for "Choice TV Actress: Comedy". Michele was included in "Time" magazine's 2010 list of the "100 Most Influential People In the World". Her cover of The All-American Rejects' "Gives You Hell" reached the top 40 on the US "Billboard" 200. Michele is featured as lead singer in 14 of the top 20 selling Glee Cast songs as of 2010. She won the 2012 People's Choice Award for "Favorite TV Comedy Actress".

Michele was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 2011. The first for "Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals" ("Don't Stop Believin"). The second for "Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television, or Other Visual Media" ("Glee: The Music, Volume 1"). Michele said of the first Grammy nomination: "I like that it's for 'Don't Stop Believin", which is for the whole cast, so that we all get to go. That's just awesome." She was nominated again for "Best Actress- Television Series Musical or Comedy" at the 2011 Golden Globe Awards. The cast of Glee was also nominated for the "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series" award at the 2011 and 2012 Screen Actors Guild Awards.


List of rivers of Denmark

The Rivers of Denmark include:

List of rivers of Dominica

The following is a list of rivers of Dominica.



List of rivers of the Dominican Republic

This is a list of rivers in the Dominican Republic. They are arranged in clockwise order around the island starting in the northwest corner. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.



Audrey Tautou

Audrey Justine Tautou (born in Beaumont on 9 August 1976) is a French actress and model. She made her acting debut at 18 on television and the following year in the feature film in "Venus Beauty Institute" (1999) when she won the "César Award for Most Promising Actress". Tautou got recognition for her work in the 2001 film "Amélie", which was a box office success.

She has been nominated three times for the César Award and twice for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. She became one of the few French actors in history to have been invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) in June 2004; she is a member of the Academy since 1 September 2006.

Tautou has modeled for companies such as Chanel, Montblanc, L'Oréal, and others.

Tautou was born in Beaumont in the Puy-de-Dôme department, France, and was raised together with her two sisters and his brother in the city of Montluçon (Allier, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes). Her father is a dental surgeon, and her mother is a teacher. Tautou started her acting lessons at the Cours Florent, an acting school in Paris.

These are the movies where Tautou has acted:


Taryn Manning

Taryn Manning (born 6 November 1978) is an American singer, actress and designer. She as raised in Tucson, Arizona. She has performed in many movies in the span of multiple genres from comedy to science fiction. She acted in the movie "Crossroads".


American Reunion

American Reunion is the fourth and final movie of the "American Pie" comedy series. It stars Mena Suvari, Alyson Hannigan and Natasha Lyonne. It was released in April 2012.

Natasha Lyonne

Natasha Lyonne (born Natasha Braunstein, April 4, 1979) is an American actress. She is Jewish and grew up in New York City, Israel and Miami. As a young child she was signed by Ford Modeling Agency. She has been in movies in the "American Pie" comedy series. She currently plays Nicky Nichols in Orange Is the New Black. In 2012 she played Tiffani in Weeds, a show made by the creator of Orange Is the New Black. 

Jennifer Coolidge

Jennifer Coolidge (born August 28, 1963 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American movie and television actress and comedian. She acted in "American Pie" in 1999 and "Legally Blonde" in 2001. She has a recurring role in the 2011 television series "2 Broke Girls". She also acted in many other movies and television programs.


Sakaser

Sakaser is the highest mountain in the Salt Range area in Pothohar in Pakistan. "Saki" relates to "Sakia" or Buddha and "sar" means "pond". There is a large lake just below the mountain. It is in Khushab District but it can be seen from districts of Mianwali and Chakwal.

Tilla Jogian

Tilla Jogian is the highest hill in District Jhelum, Punjab, Pakistan. Its height is . It is about from Jhelum city. Tilla Jogian can be seen from the nearby districts. There is as a ruined old temple and water tank on top of the Tilla Jogian.

It is said or claimed by various people that the temple of Tilla Jogian was founded in 100 B.C by the "Kan-Phatta" sect of Hindu "Jogis" and the name of this place is in fact derived from this i.e. 'Tilla' (Hill)and 'Jogian' (of the Jogis). Later, Guru Nanak Dev, the founder of Sikhism also spent some time here.

Hermaphroditus

In Greek mythology, Hermaphroditus was the two-sexed son of Hermes and Aphrodite. He was a minor god of androgeny, effeminacy and hermaphroditism. He also symbolized the unity of male and female. He was one of the members of the Erotes, a group of winged love gods. His name is the origin of the word hermaphrodite.

According to a myth of Ovid, he was raised by nymphs in a cave on Mount Ida. At the age of fifteen, he traveled to the cities of Lydia and Caria in Asia Minor. It was there that he came upon a pool of fresh water. He undressed and bathed in the pool. Meanwhile, the nymph of the pool Salmacis, fell in love with him. She jumped into the pool and embraced him, not letting go, he struggled to get away from her. Salmacis prayed to the gods that they should never separate and the gods hearing her prayer, merged their bodies together, transforming Hermaphroditus into an androgynous being. Hermaphroditus, in anger of his transformation, cursed the pool so that anyone who bathed in it would suffer the same fate.

The worship of Hermaphroditus originated from Cyprus, under the name of Aphroditus. The cult was introduced into mainland Greece around the late 5th century BC. At rituals and sacrifices to the god, worshipers cross-dressed; men wearing women's clothing and women dressed in men's clothing. The god was also identified with the moon, because the moon was thought to be both male and female.

Hermaphroditus was a popular subject in ancient Greek and Roman art. He is often shown alone and sometimes interacting with satyrs and cupids. There is a famous statue called "The Sleeping Hermaphroditus" at the Louvre Museum in Paris. 

Max Payne

Max Payne is a third-person shooter video game made by Finnish developers Remedy Entertainment and published by Gathering of Developers in July 2001 for Microsoft Windows. Later in 2001, ports for PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameBoy Advance were published by Rockstar Games. A Macintosh port was published in July 2002 by MacSoft in North America, and by Feral Interactive in the rest of the world. There were plans for a Dreamcast version of "Max Payne", but they were cancelled because of the console had stopped being made. The game was again released in April 2009 as a downloadable game for the Xbox Originals program for the Xbox 360.

The game features a neo-noir type style and uses comic strips (with voice-overs) in place of animated cutscenes to narrate the game. This is because it is inspired by hard-boiled detective novels by authors like Mickey Spillane. The game contains many references to Norse mythology, particularly the myth of Ragnarök. Several of the names used in the game are those of Norse gods. The gameplay is very much influenced by the Hong Kong action cinema genre, particularly the work of director John Woo, and it was the first game to feature the bullet time effect made famous in "The Matrix".

"Max Payne" got very good reviews from critics and was praised for its exciting gun play and use of noir storytelling devices. As of 2012, the "Max Payne" franchise has sold over 7.5 million copies. The game has also won a BAFTA Award.

The game was followed by "", released in 2003. And "Max Payne 3", released in 2012.


Nautiloid

Nautiloids are a large and varied group of marine cephalopods (Mollusca) in the subclass Nautiloidea. They began in the later Cambrian. "Nautilus" is the only surviving genus. 

Nautiloids flourished during the early Palaeozoic era, when they were the main predatory animals. They developed an extraordinary range of shell shapes and forms. Some 2,500 species of fossil nautiloids are known, though only a few species survive today.

Nautiloids are among the group of animals known as cephalopods. The cephalopods are an advanced class of molluscs. The cephalopods also include ammonoids, Belemnites and modern coleoids such as octopus and squid. 

Traditionally, the most common classification of the cephalopods has been a three-fold division into the nautiloids, ammonoids, and coleoids. This article is about nautiloids in that broad sense, sometimes called Nautiloidea "sensu lato".

Cladistically speaking, nautiloids are a paraphyletic group united by shared primitive (basal) features not found in derived cephalopods. In other words, they are a evolutionary grade that is thought to have given rise to both ammonoids and coleoids. They are defined by the exclusion of both those descendent groups. Both ammonoids and coleoids probably descended from bactritids, which in turn arose from straight-shelled orthocerid nautiloids. 

The ammonoids (a group which includes the ammonites and the goniatites) are extinct cousins of the nautiloids which evolved early in the Devonian, some 400 million years ago.

Aphroditus

The worship of Aphroditus comes from Cyprus, a cult of a masculine or hermaphrodite form of Aphrodite. The divinity was introduced into Greece and celebrated in Athens in a cross-dressing ritual.

It is thought that Hesiod's myth, explaining the birth of Aphrodite, born when Cronus cut off the genitals of Uranus and threw it into the sea, originated from the cult of Aphroditus. A terracotta plaque from the 7th century BC found at Perachora in Greece, representing Aphroditus emerging from severed male genitals, suggests this, as there are two different myths of the creation of Aphrodite.

According to Macrobius, Aphroditus was represented in Cyprus with a beard and phallus, wearing female clothing and holding a scepter. At sacrifices to the god, worshipers cross-dressed, men wearing women's clothing and women dressed in men's clothing. The cult spread from Cyprus into southern Asia Minor, eventually reaching mainland Greece around the late 5th century BC. In Athens, the iconography of the god took on the "anasyromenos" pose, a female figure lifting her dress to reveal an erect phallus, a gesture that had apotropaic qualities, much like the god Priapus. By the Hellenistic period, the cult and votives had spread throughout Asia Minor, Greece, and Italy.

Gradually over time the cult lost popularity, Aphroditus was also being called Hermaphroditus, which originally meant Aphroditus in the form of a herm or "a herm of Aphroditus". These were marble or bronze sculptures with a head or torso above a plain rectangular pillar, a symbol of fertility. In later Greek mythology, Hermaphroditus came to be known as the son of Hermes and Aphrodite.

Charles Bonnet

Charles Bonnet (March 13, 1720 – May 20, 1793) was a Swiss naturalist and philosopher.


Trait (disambiguation)

Trait may refer to:



Trait theory

In psychology, trait theory is a the study of human personality. Trait theorists are interested in the measurement of "traits", which can be defined as habitual patterns of behaviour, thought, and emotion.

Trait (album)

Trait is the first, and only, EP by the industrial rock/metal band Pailhead. The original EP was released in 1988, containing the first four songs in a slightly different order. When re-released on CD in the early 90's, the group's first single ("I Will Refuse" b/w "No Bunny" 12") was added as a bonus.





Trait (computer programming)

In computer programming, a trait is a collection of methods. A trait is used to build a simple model for object oriented programs. A trait is a building block for classes. It makes an easy way to reuse code.

Granger, Indiana

Granger is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Transuranium element

A transuranium element is any chemical element that comes after Uranium in the periodic table. These elements have atomic numbers greater than 92. All transuranium elements are radioactive, and none are found in nature except Neptunium and Plutonium. An element that is radioactive will decay into other elements.

From what we do know about the transuranium elements, as the atomic number goes up, the more radioactive it gets. Some isotopes have very long half-lives, such as Americium-243 having a half life of 7370 years. Others do not, like Tennessine-294 which has a half life of 51 milliseconds. 

The applications of them are used far and wide, like how Uranium and Plutonium are used for fuel and weapons, Curium is used for rovers, Berkelium is used for creating other elements, notably Tennessine, and Americium being used for smoke detectors. Fermium to Lawrencium really don't have uses and after that, what scientists call superheavy elements are Rutherfordium to Oganesson, which also have no uses.

Stupendemys

Stupendemys is a prehistoric genus of freshwater turtle. Its fossils have been found in northern South America, in rocks dating from the late Miocene to the very start of the Pliocene, about 6 to 5 million years ago.

"Stupendemys"'s carapace measured over in length and was also very wide. With a total carapace length of at least 11 feet (3.3 m) it was the largest turtle that ever existed, surpassing even "Archelon". 

Two species have been described to date. "Stupendemys geographicus" from Venezuela, and "Stupendemys souzai", a bit smaller and more slender, from Brazil.

Its weight helped "Stupendemys" stay under water for long periods, grazing on aquatic plants. It was probably a very weak swimmer, unable to move its bulk against a swift current, and probably avoided smaller streams.

Altogether, the fauna of the time had many large herbivores and few terrestrial carnivores. The habitat was mostly low-lying rainforest that was seasonally flooded, as well as floodplains and swampland. The rivers must have been wide and slow-moving.

Carol Greider

Carolyn Widney "Carol" Greider (born April 15, 1961) is an American molecular biologist. She is Professor and Director of Molecular Biology and Genetics at Johns Hopkins University. 

Greider discovered the enzyme telomerase in 1984, when she was a graduate student of Elizabeth Blackburn at the University of California, Berkeley. Greider pioneered research on the structure of telomeres, the ends of the chromosomes. She was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, with Blackburn and Jack Szostak, for their discovery that telomeres are protected from progressive shortening by the enzyme telomerase.

Telomerase

Telomerase is an RNA protein which is an enzyme. It adds DNA sequence repeats ("TTAGGG" in all vertebrates) to the end of DNA strands in the telomere regions. 

The telomeres are disposable buffers blocking the ends of eukaryotic chromosomes. They are a region of repeated nucleotides containing noncoding DNA. Telomeres are destroyed during cell division, and are remade by the enzyme telomerase.

The function of telomeres is to avoid the loss of important DNA from chromosome ends. Every time the chromosome is copied 100–200 meaningless nucleotides are lost, which causes no damage to the organism's DNA. So, the telomeres are shortened after each replication cycle, and then are restored to their proper length by telomerase. Telomerases carry their own RNA molecule, which is used as a template to elongate the telomeres.

The existence of a compensatory mechanism (a 'fix') for telomere shortening was first predicted by Soviet biologist Alexey Olovnikov in 1973. He also suggested the telomere hypothesis of ageing and the telomere's connections to cancer. 

Telomerase was discovered by Carol Greider and Elizabeth Blackburn in 1984 in the ciliate "Tetrahymena". Together with Jack Szostak, Greider and Blackburn were awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discovery.

Luc Montagnier

Luc Antoine Montagnier (18 August 1932 – 8 February 2022) was a French virologist and joint recipient with Françoise Barré-Sinoussi and Harald zur Hausen of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for the discovery made by his team, and particularly Françoise Baré-Sinoussi of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). He worked as a full-time professor at Shanghai Jiaotong University.

He has been discredited by his Nobel peers because of the many fake and dangerous theories he tries to spread, such as "" or Papaya Cure for AIDS or Parkinson disease. In 2009 he published two controversial research studies which, if true, "would be the most significant experiments performed in the past 90 years, demanding re-evaluation of the whole conceptual framework of modern chemistry".
Homeopaths claim his research as support for homeopathy, but Montagnier himself says it cannot be extended to homeopathy. Many scientists have greeted it with scorn and harsh criticism.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Montagnier also supported the conspiracy theory that SARS-CoV-2 was created and escaped from a laboratory.

He received the Legion of Honour.

Montagnier died on 8 February 2022 at a hospital in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France at the age of 89.


List of rivers of East Timor

This is a list of rivers in East Timor. The list is arranged by where the river drains from west to east. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.





List of rivers of Ecuador

These are the rivers of Ecuador. This listing is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.




Brad Falchuk

Brad Falchuk is a television writer, director, and producer. His works include the television series "Nip/Tuck", "Glee", "Mutant X", "", "", and "American Horror Story". He was born in 1971 and is Jewish.

Glee club

A glee club is a musical group or choir. During the 19th and early 20th century, the glee club was only for men. Later in the 20th century it became available for all students in college. Glee club was the most popular after-school activity in college campuses. There are some glee clubs in high school. The oldest glee clubs in the United States are the Harvard Glee Club, founded in 1858.


Teamwork

Teamwork is when many people work together. They work together to reach a goal. Teamwork helps people to understand others, build friendly friendships, and to get any job done the right way. In health care, teamwork is often practiced to help patients at the hospital. All team members are given a job to do. In teamwork, all work is shared.

Interracial marriage

An interracial marriage is a marriage between two people of different races. In some cases it violates a rule requiring endogamy. In some countries, it was against the law to marry someone of a different race. These countries included, Germany (during the Nazi period), South Africa under apartheid, and some U.S. states in the United States before a 1967 ruling.

The United Nations "The Universal Declaration of Human Rights" which granted the right to marriage "without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion" was enacted in 1948. It is now accepted in principle in most of the world. 

Interracial

Interracial means two people of two different races.


Same-sex relationship

A same sex relationship is a type of relationship between two people of the same sex. The term is associated with the LGBT community. In many countries it is against the law to be in a relationship and have sex with the same gender. Same-sex relationships have been recorded in history. The earliest is from Egyptian royal servants Khnumhotep and Niankhkhnum in the 25th century BC. It is often known as the earliest homosexual relationship couple.



List of rivers of El Salvador

This is a list of rivers in El Salvador. El Salvador has 58 river basins which all drain in the Pacific Ocean. 

Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.



Francisco Maschio

Francisco Maschio was a horse race trainer, born in Argentina in the 1890s knowned as "Brujo de Olleros". Maschio began his career working at a Hipodromo de Maronas, Montevideo, Uruguay as thoroughbred trainer. Lately he went to Buenos Aires, Argentina by invitation of the famous tango singer Carlos Gardel. His stables ( named "Stud Yeruá" ) was localized at Olleros Street, Palermo, Buenos Aires, near the actual Olleros (Buenos Aires Metro Station) He was the trainer of the horses of Carlos Gardel, including the legendary Lunático. He won many statistics in Hipodromo de Palermo.

List of rivers of Equatorial Guinea

This is a list of streams and rivers in Equatorial Guinea

Benito River

Campo River
Congue River
Mandyani River
Mitimele River
Muni River
Mven River

Temboni River

Utamboni River

List of rivers of Eritrea

This is a list of streams and rivers in Eritrea



Aligide River - Anseba River

Barka River - Barosio River

Comaile River

Damas River

Fah River - Falkat River

Gonfale River - Guwa River

Haddas River

Koka River

Lebka River - Lalake River - Langeb River

Mareb River - Mogoraib River

Obel River

Regali River

Saato River

Tekezé River

Wadi Laba River - Wokiro River

Zara River

List of rivers of Estonia

Rivers of Estonia are short and mostly have small water flow. Only 10 rivers are longer than 100 km. 

Aavoja 
- Agali
- Ahja 
- Alajõgi 
- Allika 
- Ambla 
- Amme 
- Angerja stream 
- Antsla 
- Apna
- Ärma 
- Aruküla 
- Atla 
- Audru
- Avaste stream
- Avijõgi

Emajõgi ("Embach")
- Elbu 
- Elva 
- Enge 
- Erra 
- Esna

Gorodenka

Häädemeeste
- Haavakivi
- Halliste 
- Härjapea 
- Harku stream
- Helme
- Hilba
- Humalaste
- Hundikuristiku stream
- Hüüru

Jaama (Struuga)
- Jägala 
- Jänijõgi
- Järveotsa stream
- Jõelähtme 
- Jõku
- Jurga stream 
- Juudaoja

Kääpa 
- Kalita stream
- Kalli 
- Kargaja
- Kärla 
- Käru
- Kasari 
- Kata
- Katku stream
- Kavilda
- Keila 
- Kloostri
- Kodila
- Kohtra 
- Kolga
- Kolga stream
- Kõpu
- Koosa
- Kroodi stream
- Kuivajõgi
- Kuke
- Külge stream
- Kulgu
- Kullavere 
- Kunda 
- Kurina
- Kurna stream
- Kuura

Laatre
- Laeva
- Lahavere stream
- Lähkma
- Leevi
- Leisi
- Lemmejõgi 
- Lemmjõgi 
- Liivi 
- Lintsi 
- Lodja stream
- Loo
- Loobu 
- Lõve
- Luguse 
- Luutsna

Maadevahe
- Mädajõgi
- Mädara
- Mähe stream
- Maidla
- Massu
- Mõra
- Munalaskme stream 
- Mustajõgi 
- Mustjõgi (Endla) 
- Mustjõgi (Gauja basin) 
- Mustjõgi (Jägala basin) 
- Mustjõgi (Tallinn) 
- Mustoja (Lahemaa)
- Mustvee
- Muuga stream

Nahavere stream
- Naravere stream
- Narva 
- Nasva 
- Nõva
- Nurtu 
- Navesti
- Nuutri

Õhne 
- Onga
- Orajõgi

Paadrema 
- Paala
- Pääsküla
- Pada 
- Pala
- Pale
- Paltra
- Pärlijõgi
- Pärnu river
- Pede 
- Pedeli
- Pedja 
- Peeda
- Peetri
- Penijõgi 
- Piigaste stream
- Piilsi
- Pikknurme
- Pirita 
- Piusa 
- Põduste 
- Põltsamaa 
- Porijõgi
- Poruni 
- Prandi
- Preedi
- Pühajõgi (Ida-Virumaa)
- Pühajõgi (Saaremaa)
- Punapea
- Purtse 

Raasiku
- Rannametsa
- Rannamõisa 
- Rannapungerja 
- Räpu 
- Raudna 
- Reiu
- Reopalu
- Retla
- Riguldi

Saarjõgi
- Saki
- Saku
- Salajõgi 
- Salla
- Salme
- Sämi
- Sauga 
- Selja 
- Sigaste stream
- Sillaorsa
- Sitapätsi
- Sõmeru
- Soodla 
- Sõtke
- Struuga (Jaama)
- Surju stream
- Surjupera stream
- Suuremõisa 

Taebla 
- Tagajõgi 
- Tänassilma
- Tarvastu
- Tatra
- Teenuse
- Timmkanal 
- Tirtsi
- Tiskre stream 
- Tõdva
- Tõlla stream
- Toolse
- Topi
- Tori
- Tõrvajõgi
- Tõrvanõmme stream
- Tõstamaa
- Treppoja 
- Tuhala
- Tuudi

Ulila
- Umbusi 
- Ura
- Uueveski stream

Vääna 
- Vaemla 
- Vaidava
- Väike Emajõgi 
- Vainupea
- Valgejõgi 
- Valuoja
- Vändra
- Vara stream
- Vardi
- Vardja
- Varsaallika stream
- Värska stream 
- Vasalemma 
- Vaskjõgi
- Veelikse stream
- Velise 
- Vigala 
- Vihterpalu 
- Visela
- Visula
- Vodja
- Võhandu 
- Võhkse
- Võhu
- Võlupe
- Vorsti
- Võsu

List of rivers of Ethiopia

This is a list of streams and rivers in Ethiopia.



An endorheic basin, is a drainage basin, or watershed, which does not flow into a major ocean.

Abay River - Adabay River - Akaki River - Akobo River - Alero River - Angereb River - Ataba River - Ataye River - Atbarah River - Awash River - Awetu River - Ayesha River

Balagas River - Baro River - Bashilo River - Beles River - Bilate River - Birbir River - Blue Nile - Borkana River

Cheleleka River

Dabus River - Dawa River - Dechatu River - Dembi River - Denchya River - Didessa River - Dinder River - Doha River - Dukem River - Durkham River

Erer River

Fafen River

Galetti River - Ganale Dorya River - Gebba River - Gebele River - Germama River - Gestro River - Gibe River - Gilgel Gibe River - Gilo River - Gojeb River - Gololcha River - Greater Angereb River - Guder River - Gumara River

Hanger River - Hawadi River

Jamma River - Jerer River - Jikawo River - Jubba River

Kabenna River - Karsa River - Katar River - Keleta River - Kibish River - Kulfo River

Lagabora River - Lesser Abay - Lesser Angereb - Logiya River

Mago River - Magech River - Mareb River - Meki River - Mena River - Mille River - Modjo River - Mofar River - Muger River - Mui River

Neri River 

Omo River

Pibor River

Qechene River

Rahad River - Reb River - Robe River

Sagan River - Shebelle River - Shinfa River - Sor River

Tekezé River

Usno River - Ubbi Ubbi River

Wabe River - Walaqa River - Wajja River - Wanchet River - Wari River - Weito River - Weyib River - Welmel River

Yabus River


List of rivers of Fiji

This is a list of the rivers of Fiji. 
They are listed by island in clockwise order, starting at the north end of each island. Tributaries are listed under the parent stream.







List of rivers of Finland

This is a list of rivers of Finland.




Water from these rivers flows through Lake Ladoga and Neva River to the sea.



This is a list of the rivers, bigger than 100 km, that are wholly or partly located within the borders of Finland.


List of rivers of France

This is a list of rivers that are at least partially in France. The rivers are grouped by sea or ocean. 

In French, rivers are called "fleuves" when they flow into the sea (or into a desert or lake). They are called "rivières" when they flow into another river. The "fleuves" are shown in bold.

The rivers in this section are sorted north-east (Netherlands) to south-west (Calais).



The rivers in this section are sorted east (Calais) to west (Brest).




The rivers in this section are sorted north (Brest) to south (Spain).







The rivers in this section are sorted west (Spain) to east (Italy).




The rivers in this section are sorted clockwise along the Corsican coast starting from Cap Corse.




List of rivers of Gabon

This is a list of streams and rivers in Gabon

Aïna River

Bouenguidi River

Ivindo River

Komo River

Lekoni - Lolo River - Léconi River

Mbeya River - Mpassa River - Muni River

Ngounie River - Ntem River - Nyanga River

Ogooué River

Sebe River

Zadié River

List of Bob's Burgers episodes

Below is a list of Bob's Burgers episodes.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


List of rivers of Georgia (country)

The rivers of Georgia include:


List of rivers of Germany

This is a list of rivers, which are at least partially in Germany. Rivers that flow into the sea are sorted geographically, along the coast. 

The rivers of Germany flow into the Baltic Sea, the Black Sea and the North Sea. The most important rivers of Germany are:

The rivers in this section are sorted northwest (Danish border) to east (Polish border).





The rivers in this section are sorted southwest (Netherlands) to east (Danish border).









Aabach, Aar, Abens, Acher, Agger, Ahr, Aland, Alf, Aller, Alme, Alsenz, Alster, Altmühl, Alz, Ammer (Neckar), Ammer/Amper, Aue (Elbe), Aue, Berkel, Bever, Biber, Biela, Bille, Bist, Black Elster, Blau, Blies, Bode, Böhme, Breg, Breitach, Brend, Brenz, Brigach, Chamb, Chemnitz, Dahme, Danube, Diemel, Dill, Dinkel, Dosse, Dreisam, Düssel, Echaz, Eder, Eider, Elbe, Elde, Else, Elz (Neckar), Elz (Rhine), Elzbach, Ems, Emscher, Ennepe, Enz, Erft

Feller Bach, Fils, Franconian Saale, Fränkische Rezat, Fränkische Saale, Freiberger Mulde, Friedberger Ach, Fuhse, Fulda, Garte, Gera, Glan, Gose/Abzucht, Gottleuba, Große Laber, Günz, Hamme, Hase, Haune, Havel, Heller, Hönne, Hörsel, Hunte, Ihme, Iller, Ilm (Bavaria), Ilm (Thuringia), Ilmenau, Ilz, Inde, Inn, Innerste, Isar, Isen, Itz, Jade, Jagst, Jeetzel, Kammel, Kander, Kinzig (Main), Kinzig (Rhine), Kocher, Kyll

Lahn, Lauchert, Lauter (Glan), Lauter (Rhine), Lech, Leda, Leibi, Leine, Lenne, Lesum, Lieser, Lippe, Löcknitz, Loisach, Lusatian Neisse, Lutter (Lachte), Lutter (Leine), Lutter (Oder), Main, Mandau, Maurine, Mindel, Möhne, Moselle, Mulde, Münstersche Aa, Murg, Murr, Mže/Mies, Naab, Nahe, Nebel, Neckar, Neetze, Nette (Innerste), Nette (Niers), Nette (Rhine), Nidda, Nied, Niers, Nims, Nister, Nuthe, Oder, Oder (Harz), Ohm, Ohre, Ohře/Eger, Oker, Orla, Örtze, Oste, Oude IJssel, Our

Paar, Pader, Parthe, Peene, Pegnitz, Pfinz, Plane, Pleiße, Prims, Prüm, Queich, Recknitz, Red Main, Rednitz, Regen, Regnitz, Rems, Rench, Rheider Au, Rhin, Rhine, Rhume, Riß, Rot, Rote Weißeritz, Roter Main, Rott, Ruhr, Rur, Ruwer, Ryck, Saalach, Saale, Saar, Salm, Salzach, Sauer, Sauer (France), Scheppau, Schmutter, Schozach, Schwarze Elster, Schunter, Schutter, Schwäbische Rezat, Schwalm, Schwarza, Schwarzbach (Blies), Schwarze Laber, Schwentine, Seeve, Selbitz, Selz, Sieg, Soeste, Spree, Sprotte, Stepenitz (Brandenburg), Stepenitz (Mecklenburg), Stör, Sulm, Swalm, Swist

Tanger, Tauber, Tiroler Achen, Tollense, Trave, Treene, Uecker, Ulster, Unstrut, Usa, Vechte, Vils (Danube), Vils (Lech), Vils (Naab), Volme, Wakenitz, Warnow, Weida, Weil, Weiße Elster, Weißeritz, Werra, Werre, Wertach, Wesenitz, Weser, Westfälische Aa, Wetter, White Elster, White Main, Wied, Wiese, Wilde Weißeritz, Wipper (Saale), Wipper (Unstrut), Wisper, Wörnitz, Wümme, Wupper, Würm, Wurm, Wutach, Zaber, Zeegenbach, Zschopau, Zusam, Zwickauer Mulde

List of rivers of Ghana

This is a list of rivers in Ghana.

Afram River, Ankobra River, Anum River

Bia River, Birim River, Black Volta

Densu River, Daka River

Mo River

Nini River

Ofin River, Oti River

Pra River

Sene River
Sesili River

Tano River

Volta River

White Volta


List of rivers of Greece

This is a list of rivers that are at least partially in Greece. The rivers flowing into the sea are sorted along the coast. Rivers flowing into other rivers are listed by the rivers they flow into. 


Rivers in this section are sorted north (Albanian border) to south (Cape Malea).


Rivers in this section are sorted south (Cape Malea) to northeast (Turkish border).



Acheloos, Agrafiotis, Alfeios, Aoos/Vjosë, Arachthos, Ardas, Aroanios, Axios/Vardar, Cephissus (Athenian plain), Cephissus (Boeotia), Charadros, Despatis, Drino, Elissos, Elpeus, Enipefs, Eridanos, Erymanthos, Erythropotamos, Eurotas, Evinos, Evros/Maritsa, Gallikos, Glafkos, Gorgopotamos, Granitsiotis, Haliacmon, Ilissos, Inachos, Kladeos, Krathi, Krausidonas, Krios, Ladon, Larissos, Lousios, Megdova, Meilichos, Mornos, Neda, Nestos/Mesta, Oenus, Pamisos, Peiros, Pindus, Pineios (Peloponnese), Pineios (Thessaly), Plataneiko, Sarantaporos (Epirus), Sarantaporos (Thessaly), Selemnos, Spercheios, Strymonas/Struma, Tara, Thyamis, Titarisios, Tragus, Tyria, Tytheus, Volinaios, Zacholitikos

List of rivers of Grenada

This is a list of rivers of Grenada.



List of rivers of Guatemala

This is a list of rivers in Guatemala.

This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.






Ajax, Ontario

Ajax is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario.

List of rivers of Guinea-Bissau

This is a list of rivers of Guinea-Bissau.


Jelly Belly

Jelly Belly is a brand of jelly beans. The company which makes Jelly Belly beans was founded in 1898 in Fairfield, California. 

The product comes in over 50 flavors ranging from traditional flavors like that of orange, lemon, lime, and cherry, to more exotic ones like cinnamon, pomegranate, cappuccino, buttered popcorn, and chili-mango.

The company which makes Jelly Belly beans makes over 100 other different foods, including chocolate, licorice, gummies, and candy corn.


Assa Abloy

Assa Abloy is the world's largest lock and door hardware company. Assa Abloy was formed in 1994 when Swedish company "Assa" purchased Finnish company "Abloy". Assa Abloy's products range from low-security products such as Yale to medium-security locks such as Medeco to high-security locks such as Abloy.

The holding company of Assa Abloy was the Swedish security firm "Securitas", but the firm is now independently quoted on the Swedish Stock Exchange.


The Bonfire of the Vanities (movie)

The Bonfire of the Vanities is a 1990 American drama movie. It is based on the novel Bonfire of the Vanities by Tom Wolfe. Tom Hanks plays Sherman McCoy, Bruce Willis plays Peter Fallow, Kim Cattrall plays Judy McCoy, Melanie Griffith plays Maria Ruskin, Morgan Freeman plays Judge Leonard White. The movie is based on the novel of the same name and is focused on corporate greed, vanity and lust during the late 1980s in New York City. This movie was given substandard reviews by the movie critics; it was a huge box office bomb.


Rashtrapati Bhavan

Rashtrapati Bhavan (, Sanskrit : राष्ट्रपतिभवनम्) is the official home of the President of India, located in New Delhi, India. The present president (now Smt. Droupadi Murmu) stays there.


President of India

The President of India is the head of state of the Republic of India. The president is the first citizen of the Republic and the commander in chief of the Indian Armed Forces. The current president of India Dr. Kamaljit Das was sworn in on 25 July 2022. He succeeded Ram Nath Kovind. The President resides in an estate known as the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. 

The President must be:


The Office of the President falls vacant in the following scenarios:


The Vice-President of India will have to discharge the duties, if the Office falls vacant due to any reason other than expiry of the term. when vacancies occur in the offices of the President and of the Vice-President simultaneously, the Chief Justice discharges the functions of the President until a newly elected President.

There are two living former Indian presidents:

Ra.One

Ra.One is a 2011 Indian science fiction superhero movie. It was released on October 26, 2011. The main characters of the it are "G.One", Shekhar Subramaniam (both played by Shahrukh Khan), and "Ra.One" (played by Arjun Rampal). It also stars Kareena Kapoor, Armaan Verma, Shahana Goswami, Tom Wu, Dalip Tahil and Satish Shah in supporting roles. 

In 2010, London, Jenny Nair, an employee of UK-based company Barron Industries, introduces a new technology that allows objects from the digital world to enter the real world using the wireless transmissions from multiple devices. Shekhar Subramanium, who also works for the company, is given a final chance to devise with a video game with a difference. To impress his sceptical son Prateek, and upon the request of his wife Sonia, Subramanium uses his son's idea that the antagonist be more powerful than the protagonist.

Shekhar's colleague Akashi provides the moves of the game's characters, Jenny does the programming and Shekhar gives his face to the game's protagonist G.One, whilst the antagonist Ra.One is faceless and has substantially greater powers than those granted to G.One, including shapeshifting. Ra.One is imbibed with a self-learning artificial intelligence. The game has three levels, and either of the players can only be killed in the third level using a special gun that holds a single bullet. While designing the game, Akashi notices some malfunctions but ignores them. When the game is finally launched, it receives a standing ovation and Prateek loves it so much that he insists on playing it instantly. He logs in under the alias 'Lucifer' and proceeds to the second level, but is interrupted by Akashi. The self-aware Ra.One, being unable to end his turn with Lucifer, becomes determined that Lucifer shall die. When the mainframe fails to shut down, Akashi calls Shekhar, who notices a problem with the game. Ra.One uses the new technology to enter the real world and breaks free and goes to find Lucifer.

Ra One first threatens Akashi and asks him where Lucifer is. When Akashi fails to reply, Ra One abruptly abducts and murders him. After Shekhar finds the dead Akashi, he rushes home; however, he is found by Ra.One. In an attempt to save his son, Shekhar claims that he is Lucifer. However, Ra.One scans Shekhar's I.D. and, discovering he has lied, kills him. Prateek notices the strange circumstances of his father's death and realises that Ra.One has come to life. He and Jenny attempt to bring G.One to life. Meanwhile, Sonia tells Prateek that the family will return to India. Having taken the form of Akashi, Ra.One chases them, but G.One enters the real world through Jenny's computer and causes a gas explosion which saves them and temporarily destroys Ra.One. G.One takes Ra.One's H.A.R.T., without which Ra.One is weakened. Sonia finds she cannot leave G.One and takes him along with them to India through Shekhar's passport. G.One promises Sonia that he will protect Prateek from any harm. Ra.One returns to life, takes the form of a billboard model, and tracks G.One and Prateek.

During Prateek's birthday party, Ra.One hypnotises Sonia, assumes her form and kidnaps Prateek. Ra.One then instructs G.One to give him his H.A.R.T. back, and sends the real Sonia in an uncontrollable Mumbai Suburban Railway train. G.One saves Sonia just in the nick of time (though the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus is destroyed) and returns to save Prateek. The game resumes, with Prateek controlling G.One's moves. Following a lengthy fight, both of the characters reach the third level. With little power left, G.One and Prateek trick Ra.One into shooting G.One without his H.A.R.T. attached, which leaves Ra.One helpless. Furious, Ra.One creates ten copies of himself. Prateek, unable to differentiate the real Ra.One, asks G.One to quote one of Shekhar's sayings: "If you join the forces of evil, its shadows shall always follow you". The pair then realise that only one of the ten Ra.Ones has a shadow: the original one. G.One shoots and destroys him, and after absorbing Ra.One's remains, transports himself back into the digital world.

Several months later, Prateek and Sonia return to the UK, where Prateek finally manages to restore G.One to the real world, much to his and his mother's joy.


Additionally, Priyanka Chopra and Sanjay Dutt appears in cameos as "Desi Girl" and "Khal Nayak" respectively. Suresh Menon and Delnaaz Irani also appear in cameos as a taxi driver and while Irani plays a school teacher aboard the hijacked train. Amitabh Bachchan provides the voiceover for the introduction sequence of the game 'Ra.One' in the film. The character Chitti, played by Rajinikanth, from "Enthiran" also appears in the film. The character is computer-generated and not played by the actor himself.

J. R. D. Tata

Jehangir Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata (29 July 1904 – 29 November 1993) was an aviator and an important businessman in India. He was given India's highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna in 1992. He was born in Paris. His parents were Persian and French.

Chilean Army

The Chilean Army is the land armed forces branch of the Chilean Armed Forces. There are 45,000 recruits in the army of which 12,400 are conscripts.

In terms of innovation, the Chilean Army has become one of the most technologically advanced and professional armies by having used programs to get better and more modern equipment. They have acquired a number of new methods to help them have a completely modern army.

The Chilean Army receives military equipment from many countries of the world.


Agent Vinod

Agent Vinod is a spy thriller movie released on 23 March 2012. Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor are the main actors in this movie. It received mixed reviews from critics.

Kareena Kapoor

Kareena Kapoor (; born on 21 September 1980) is a famous Bollywood actress. She has starred in many romantic dramas, comedies, independent movies, and Bollywood movies.

She is the sister of Bollywood actress Karisma Kapoor. She is the daughter of Bollywood Actors Randhir Kapoor and Babita. Often informally referred to as 'Bebo', she is the granddaughter of actor and filmmaker Raj Kapoor and niece of actor Rishi Kapoor.

She is the wife of Bollywood Actor Saif Ali Khan. They are referred to India's Brangelina (with the name 'Saifeena') by the press.

Chilean Air Force

The Chilean Air Force () is the air force of Chile, a branch of the Chilean military.



Downtown MRT line

The Downtown Line (DTL), will be the fifth Mass Rapid Transport line in Singapore, the third to be completely underground, and with 3-car trains, the second medium capacity line. Currently in various stages of construction, it will open up in phases, such as Stage 1 in 2013, Stage 2 in 2015 and Stage 3 in 2017. The line is colored blue on the MRT Rail map.

The downtown line starts in Bukit Panjang, where it then passes through the Creative cluster and school belt of Bukit Timah. Along the way, it passes through many food enclaves, such as at Newton. It then passes through the downtown core and financial district before heading east, towards Bedok and Tampenies and the Singapore Expo.

Stage 1 of the Downtown Line was originally planned as the Downtown Extension of the Circle Line since 2005. It was planned to have 6 stations from Bugis and end at Chinatown. It opened on 22 December 2013. The section usually parallels Circle Line from Bayfront to Promenade.

Stage 2 was originally planned as the Bukit Timah Line, and was to terminate at Nicoll Highway, but plans were changed after the Nicoll highway collapse, which deemed the original station unfit for use. It was merged with the Downtown Line in 2005. It opened on 27 December 2015.

Stage 3 was originally planned as the Eastern Region Line, and was meant to relieve congestion on the East West Line. The northern part of the line from Expo to Chinatown was replaced by Downtown Line Stage 3 and opened on 21 October 2017.

Stage 3e is a two station extension that would link the Downtown Line and the Thomson Line at Sungei Bedok. It would be completed around 2024.

Below are the announced station names for all four stages of the Downtown Line.


Safe House

Safe House is a 2012 American action thriller movie. It was released across United States and Canada on February 10, 2012. "Safe House" has Denzel Washington as an international criminal. It got mixed reviews by critics, although it took in over $195 million at the box office.

Lee Hartwell

Leland Harrison (Lee) Hartwell (born October 30, 1939, in Los Angeles, California) is former president and director of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington. He shared the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Paul Nurse and Tim Hunt, for their discoveries of protein molecules that control cell division.

When cells divide, they divide in phases called G1 (growth), S (synthesis), G2 (growth), and M (mitosis). Nurse, Hartwell and Hunt together discovered two proteins, cyclin and CDK (cyclin dependent kinase), which control the change from one stage to another. These proteins are called "checkpoints", because they check whether the cell has divided properly. If the cell does not divide correctly, other proteins will try to repair it. If that does not work, they will destroy the cell. If a cell divides incorrectly and survives, it may cause cancer and other serious diseases.

Working in baker's yeast ("Saccharomyces cerevisiae"), Hartwell identified the fundamental role of checkpoints in cell cycle control, and CDC genes such as CDC28, which controls the start of the cycle – the progression through G1.

The Nutcracker and the Mouse King

"The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" () is a story written in 1816 by E. T. A. Hoffmann. 

It is about a little girl who travels to the Land of Sweets with a Nutcracker Prince. 

In 1892, the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and choreographers Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov turned Alexandre Dumas, père's adaptation of the story into the ballet "The Nutcracker". The ballet became one of Tchaikovsky's most famous compositions, and perhaps the most popular ballet in the world.

Victor Ferreyra

Victor Ferreyra (born February 24, 1964) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for the Argentina national team.

Marcelo Morales

Marcelo Morales (born October 9, 1966) is a former Argentine football player.

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Yoshimasa Suda

55||2||0||0||1||0||56||2
55||2||0||0||1||0||56||2

Eric van Rossum

Eric van Rossum (born March 27, 1963) is a Dutch football player.

17||0||3||0||8||0||28||0
17||0||3||0||8||0||28||0

Formula One car

A Formula One car is a racing car used in Formula One races. They have one seat, which is open to the air. They have aerodynamic wings on their front and rear, and the engine is positioned behind the driver. The regulations governing the cars are unique to the Formula One championship. The regulations say that cars must be built by the racing teams themselves, though the design and manufacture can be done by others.

F1 Cars have technology to make them faster, more drag resistant and safer. Some of this technology is described below.

ERS stand for Energy Recovery Systems. There are two basic types of ERS systems - mechanical and electrical and both recover energy without using fuel and damaging the environment. The rule to use KERS was introduced by the FIA in 2009. It works by storing energy in a flywheel or battery (like the one on the right) that would be lost when braking, and allow that energy to be re-used when accelerating. ERS was introduced in 2014 to activate wherever a driver chose permanently throughout a race weekend

This is used a lot in corners because it controls the wheel spin when under and over steering. They mean simply to which end of the car runs out of grip first as the tyres only have limited amount of grip. In an under steer, the front axle and wheels runs out of grip first and in Over steer the rear end runs out first. When this happens it is like a handbrake skid. Traction Control is the device that tries to keep the car stable by adjusting the wheel movement in these turns.

DRS stands for Drag Reduction System. It is an addition to the rear wing of the car introduced in 2011 Formula 1 season aimed at reducing aerodynamic drag in order to promote overtaking. It is used when a driver is close to somebody in front of him. He will be able to open the rear wing so the car becomes more streamline and aerodynamic so he can overtake his opponent. The device is then disabled as soon as he overtakes his opponent.

Formula One teams do much research into materials. Below are list of materials used in the F1 world, what they are, what they do, where they're placed and why F1 teams choose them over everything else.

Carbon fibre is a very strong and light material that contains carbon fibres. It may sometimes contain other fibres such as Kevlar, aluminium and glass. Although it has a very big price tag, its strength to weight ratio and the good rigidity of it make it a very valuable piece of material. However as is it gets cheaper it is being used in much smaller products like sports equipment, bodies for instruments and also household objects.

Carbon fibre is most commonly used in the bodywork of an F1 car and also the air box, the wings, the engine cover, steering wheel and in the suspension. It is sometimes reinforced with titanium or steel.

It is used over every other kind of material because it’s lightweight, very strong, very stiff and can easily be moulded into any shape. 

Kevlar is another fibre like carbon. Some of its properties are very similar. Kevlar is a very strong and lightweight material. If you have an equal amount of steel and Kevlar, Kevlar would be 5 times stronger than the steel. When it is woven, it is suitable to be underwater. Kevlar is also used by the army as it is a very sturdy material and it is used to make a range of items like helmets.

Kevlar is used in pretty much the same areas as carbon fibre is used. For example it is used in the bodywork, the wings, the suspension and more.

Kevlar is an extremely firm material. As F1 cars go at high speed it adds extra protection to drivers and stops massive damage being done to the cars.

Aluminium is an element. It is very light and hard. It is often used for ships so that ship doesn’t get corroded and it is very stable due to its oxide coating. Aluminium is used in the bodywork and almost every single part of an F1 car. Aluminium is used because it is extremely light and very strong.

Magnesium is another chemical element and is very light and strong. Its main use is to combine with aluminium to make alloys which are extremely light and strong, such as magnalium. It is used mainly in the wheels and some small parts in the engines.

hydrodynamic gold foil is a type of foil which is gold coloured and stops heat from escaping. It is used between the engine and fuel tank. It is used in that certain position so it can stop heat transfer from the engine to the fuel tank.

Naoto Hori

5||0||0||0||0||0||10||0
5||0||0||0||0||0||10||0


Peter Garrett

Peter Robert Garrett (born 16 April 1953) is an Australian musician, activist, environmentalist and politician. In 2004 he was elected to the House of Representatives as the member for the Division of Kingsford Smith. He served as the Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts, and the Minister for School Education, Early Childhood and Youth. He is from the Australian Labor Party. He did not stand for re-election in the 2013 election.

John McConnell

John McConnell (March 22, 1915 – October 20, 2012) was an American peace activist. He was the founder and creator of Earth Day. McConnell is a luminary with a major passion for peace, religion and environmentalism. In 1969 at the UNESCO Conference in San Francisco, John McConnell felt it necessary to propose a holiday in which we celebrate the Earth's life and beauty.

Marco Antônio (footballer, born 1963)

Marco Antônio Paes dos Santos (born August 20, 1963) is a former Brazilian football player.

18||0||7||2||18||3||43||5
18||0||7||2||18||3||43||5

Celso Luis Gomes

Celso Luis Gomes (born September 2, 1964) is a former Brazilian football player.

8||0||0||0||0||0||8||0
8||0||0||0||0||0||8||0

Edu Manga

Edu Manga (born February 2, 1967) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

32||13||2||2||5||3||39||18
32||13||2||2||5||3||39||18

!Total||10||0


Structural isomer

A structural isomer or constitutional isomer of a compound is another compound whose molecule has the same number of atoms of each element, but with logically distinct bonds between them. The opposite of structual isomerism is stereoisomerism. There are many words that represents structual isomers.

There are three kinds of constitutional isomers. They are skeletal isomers, positional isomers, and functional isomers. Positional isomers are also called regioisomers. Tautomers are also a kind of functional isomers.

In skeletal isomerism, or chain isomerism, components of the skeleton (usually carbon) are re-ordered to make different structures. Pentane has three isomers. They are "n"-pentane (often called simply "pentane"), isopentane (methylbutane) and neopentane (dimethylpropane).

In position isomerism, a functional group or other substituent changes its position on a parent structure. In the table below, the hydroxyl group can stay in three different positions on an n-pentane chain to make three different compounds.

Many aromatic isomers exist because substituents can be positioned on different parts of the benzene ring. Only one isomer of phenol or hydroxybenzene exists but cresol or methylphenol has three isomers where the additional methyl group can be placed on three different positions on the ring. Xylenol has one hydroxyl group and two methyl groups and 6 isomers exist.

Functional isomers are one of the structural isomers. Two compounds in functional isomerism have the same molecular formula (the number of each atom is the same, like cyclohexane: and 1-hexene:). But, the atoms are connected in other ways so that the groupings are different. We call these groups of atoms functional groups, functionalities, or moieties. Another way to say this is that two compounds that have the same molecular formula, but have different functional groups, are functional isomers.

For example, the chemical formula of cyclohexane and 1-hexene are CH. We call them functional group isomers because cyclohexane is a cycloalkane and hex-1-ene is an alkene.

For two molecules to be functional isomers, they must contain key groups of atoms arranged in particular ways. Some of the best examples come from organic chemistry. CHO is a molecular formula. Depending on how the atoms are arranged, it can represent two different compounds dimethyl ether CH-O-CH or ethanol CHCH-O-H. Dimethyl ether and ethanol are functional isomers. The first is an ether. The carbon chain-oxygen-carbon chain functionality is called an ether. The second is an alcohol. The carbon chain-oxygen-hydrogen functionality is called an alcohol.

If the functionalities stay the same, but their locations change, the structural isomers are not functional isomers. 1-Propanol and 2-propanol are structural isomers, but they are not functional isomers. Both of them are alcohols. The functional group (carbon chain-O-H) is present in both of these compounds, but they are not the same.

While some chemists use the terms structural isomer and functional isomer interchangeably, not all structural isomers are functional isomers.

Functional isomers are most often identified in chemistry using infrared spectroscopy. Infrared radiation corresponds to the energies associated primarily with molecular vibration. The alcohol functionality has a very distinct vibration called OH-stretch that is due to hydrogen bonding. All alcohols in liquid and solid form absorb infrared radiation at certain wavelengths.

Compounds with the same functional groups will all absorb certain wavelengths of infrared light because of the vibrations associated with those groups. The infrared spectrum is divided into two regions. The first part is called the functional group region. Dimethyl ether and ethanol would have different infrared spectra in the functional group region.

The second part of the infrared spectrum is called the fingerprint region; it is associated with types of motion allowed by the symmetry of the molecule and influenced by the bond energies. The fingerprint region is more specific to an individual compound. Even though 1-propanol and 2-propanol have similar infrared spectra in the functional group region, they differ in the fingerprint region.

In simple terms, functional isomers are structural isomers that have different functional groups like alcohol and ether.

As an example of isomer counting, 7 structural isomers exist with molecular formula CHO, each with different bond connectivities and air-stable at ambient temperature. An additional two structural isomers are the enol tautomers of the carbonyl isomers, but these are not stable.

Marcão (footballer, born 1969)

Marcos Fernando Nang (born March 16, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player.

2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0

Luís Müller

Luís Müller (born February 14, 1961) is a former Brazilian football player.

18||7||0||0||10||4||28||11
18||7||0||0||10||4||28||11

Susumu Uemura

5||0||0||0||2||0||7||0
5||0||0||0||2||0||7||0

Rinaldo (footballer, born 1966)

Antônio Rinaldo Gonçalves (born April 12, 1964) is a former Brazilian football player.

4||0||0||0||0||0||4||0
4||0||0||0||0||0||4||0

Toru Morikawa

1||0||0||0||9||0||10||0
1||0||0||0||9||0||10||0

Kazuaki Koezuka

15||0||0||0||11||1||26||1
15||0||0||0||11||1||26||1

Hiroshi Ninomiya (footballer, born 1969)

17||0||1||0||4||0||22||0
17||0||1||0||4||0||22||0

Makoto Yamazaki

41||6||4||0||4||0||49||6
41||6||4||0||4||0||49||6

Paulo (footballer, born 1960)

Paulo Rodrigues Bulk (born May 10, 1960) is a former Brazilian football player.

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Capitão (footballer)

Oleúde José Ribeiro, commonly known as Capitão (born September 19, 1966), is a former Brazilian football player.

18||0||1||0||0||0||19||0
18||0||1||0||0||0||19||0

Everton Nogueira

Everton Nogueira (born December 12, 1959) is a former Brazilian football player.

75||19||5||4||19||13||99||36
75||19||5||4||19||13||99||36

Aldrovani Menon

Aldrovani Menon (born July 30, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

21||7||2||1||4||2||27||10
21||7||2||1||4||2||27||10

Mirandinha (footballer, born 1959)

Mirandinha (born July 2, 1959) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

31||14||3||6||9||2||43||22
31||14||3||6||9||2||43||22

!Total||4||1


Hiroshi Saito

16||0||0||0||0||0||16||0
16||0||0||0||0||0||16||0

Yoshinori Higashikawa

121||5||4||0||12||0||137||0
121||5||4||0||12||0||137||0

Tetsu Nagasawa

81||3||4||0||6||0||91||3
81||3||4||0||6||0||91||3

Hiroyuki Yoshida

84||5||6||0||5||0||95||5
84||5||6||0||5||0||95||5

Kiril Metkov

Kiril Metkov (born February 1, 1965) is a former Bulgarian football player. He has played for the Bulgarian national team as an attacking midfielder.

10||2||2||0||7||2||19||4
10||2||2||0||7||2||19||4

!Total||9||0


Tetsuya Ogura

6||0||0||0||0||0||6||0
6||0||0||0||0||0||6||0

Takashi Umezawa

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Helka Hynninen

Helka Hynninen (born 21 May 1930, in Vesanto) is a Finnish singer and songwriter. Hynninen owned a farm in Mikkeli. Before 1976, she was known in the area near Vesanto but not famous throughout Finland. In the summer of 1980, Hynninen gave a performance for Finnish-Americans in Lake Worth, Florida in the United States. Since then, she has performed in the United States many times. She performed for the Finland Society at the Atlanta Summer Olympics in 1996.

Hynninen sang her most popular song ("Lapsuusajan maisemissa", in English "Landscapes of Childhood") in 1976.


Lucknow

Lucknow is the capital city of the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. This metro city is the administrative headquarters of Lucknow District and Lucknow Division. Lucknow has always been known as a multicultural city and flourished as a cultural and artistic capital of North India in the 18th and 19th centuries. Today it continues as an important centre of commerce, aerospace, finance pharmaceuticals, technology, design, culture, tourism, music and poetry. Lucknow ranked 6th among all the cities in India for fastest job-creation.

Desperado

Desperado is a 1995 action thriller movie. It was released on August 25, 1995 in the United States. It stars Antonio Banderas and Salma Hayek. Banderas plays a man who wants revenge on those who killed his former lover. "Desperado" received positive reviews by the critics.


Mariano Rajoy

Mariano Rajoy Brey (born 27 March 1955) is the former Prime Minister of Spain. His party, the Popular Party ("Partido Popular", PP) won the elections in 2011. He won his re-election campaign in the 2016 election. His party had many corruption scandals and because of this a lot of people in Spanish congress voted to quit him from presidency on June 1, 2018 and put Pedro Sánchez in his place.

On 5 June 2018, Rajoy resigned as President of the People's Party.

Orange-breasted sunbird

The orange-breasted sunbird ("Anthobaphes violacea"), is the only member of the bird genus "Anthobaphes". However, it is sometimes put in the genus "Nectarinia". This sunbird is endemic to southwestern South Africa. It is also found in parks and gardens.

Karl Pearson

Karl Pearson FRS (27 March 1857 – 27 April 1936) was an influential English mathematician. He helped establish the discipline
of mathematical statistics.
"Carl Pearson" became "Karl Pearson" by accident when he enrolled at the University of Heidelberg in 1879. They changed the spelling. He used both versions of his name until 1884 when he finally adopted Karl. Eventually he became known as "KP".

In 1911 he founded the world's first university statistics department at University College London. He was a proponent of eugenics, and a protégé and biographer of Sir Francis Galton.

A conference was held in London on 23 March 2007, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of his birth.

Pearson met Charles Darwin's cousin Francis Galton, who was interested in heredity and eugenics. Pearson became Galton's protégé, at times close to hero worship.

After Galton's death in 1911, Pearson started on a massive three-volume biography of Galton. The biography was done "to satisfy myself and without regard to... the needs of publishers or to the tastes of the reading public". It celebrated Galton's life, work, and talent. He predicted (wrongly) that Galton, rather than Charles Darwin, would be remembered as the most prodigious grandson of Erasmus Darwin.

When Galton died, he left much of his estate to University College London for a Chair in Eugenics. Pearson was the first holder of this chair, in accordance with Galton's wishes. He formed the Department of Applied Statistics, which included the Biometric and Galton laboratories. He stayed with the department until his retirement in 1933, and continued to work until his death in 1936.

Pearson's ideas helped build the statistical methods in common use today.



Yutyrannus

Yutyrannus is a Tyrannosauroid dinosaur, an early forebear of "Tyrannosaurus rex".

It lived during the Lower Cretaceous 
124.6 million years ago (mya). It was about 10 meters long and 3 meters tall, and is the largest known dinosaur with direct evidence of feathers. It is forty times heavier than the previous record holder, "Beipiaosaurus". The feathers were long, up to , and filamentous.

The fossil was found in what is now northeastern China. Three fossils of "Y. huali", were all found in the rock beds of Liaoning Province. Because of its size, it is certain that "Yutyrannus" could not fly. The feathers supported other functions, such as temperature regulation and visual signalling.

"Yutyrannus" is known from three nearly complete fossil specimens (an adult, a subadult and a juvenile). They were got from a fossil dealer who claimed all three were found in a single quarry at Batuyingzi in Liaoning Province. They were probably found in a layer of the Yixian Formation.

Nankai Trough

This feature is in a marine area called "Nankai".

Roland Emmerich

Roland Emmerich (born 10 November 1955) is a German movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Stuttgart and grew up in nearby Sindelfingen, Baden-Wurttemberg, West Germany. His movies include "Universal Soldier", "Stargate", "Independence Day", "Godzilla", "The Patriot", "The Day After Tomorrow", "10,000 BC", "2012", "Anonymous", and "White House Down".

Emmerich is openly gay.

Amélie

Amélie is a 2001 romantic comedy movie by Miramax. It stars Audrey Tautou as the title character. It is set in Paris in 1997. It is about a shy and isolated waitress who decides to change the lives for other people around her while she deals with isolation herself. "Amélie" received very positive critical acclaim and was a huge box office success. Amelie is also a feminine name.

List of rivers of Guyana

This is a list of rivers in Guyana. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 




List of rivers of Haiti

This is a list of rivers of Haiti. They are arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.





List of rivers of Honduras

This is a list of the rivers in Honduras. The most important river in Honduras is the Ulúa.
This list is arranged by where the river drains, from east to west. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.





List of rivers of Hungary

Some of the Rivers of Hungary include:


List of rivers of Iceland

On an island like Iceland, no rivers are very long. The most important rivers are:






Child's Play (1988 movie)

Child's Play is a 1988 American supernatural horror movie set in Chicago. It was directed by Tom Holland. It stars Catherine Hicks, Chris Sarandon, Alex Vincent and Brad Dourif. The movie is about a serial killer doll named Chucky. It received moderate success upon release, and has gained cult following with the fans of horror.

The movie is the first in the "Child's Play" franchise. A reboot remake was released in June 2019.


List of rivers of India

This is a list of rivers in India. Rivers that flow into the sea are sorted geographically, along the coast starting from the Bay of Bengal in the east, moving along the Indian coast southward to Kanyakumari, then northward along the Arabian Sea. Tributary rivers are listed in upstream order: the lower in the list, the more upstream.

The Meghna-Surma-Barak River System is located in India and Bangladesh.








Rivers like vamsadhara and nagavalli are the two coastal rivers in srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh

Sharada river starts at Devarapally in visakhapatnam district and drains in to the Bay of Bengal




The rivers flowing through three coastal districts of Karnataka join Arabian sea.

The rivers flowing through three coastal districts of Kerala to join Arabian sea.









Bhadra (Karnataka), Brahma (Kerala), Bharathapuzha (Kerala), Brahmaputra River, Chenab River, Chandrabhaga, Cheyyar, Arhavathi (Karnataka), Brahmani (Orissa), Baitarani, Devi, Daya, Bahuda,damodar

Falgu River

Gandhi River, Ganges River, Gomti River, Gambhir River, Gandak, Gayathripuzha, Ghaggar River, Ghaghara River, Ghataprabha, Girija River, Girna River, Godavari River, Gomti River, Gunjavni River

Halali River, Hoogli River, Hindon River (Chameli River)

Indus River, Indravati River, Indrayani River

Jaldhaka, Jhelum River, Jayamangali River At Tumkur District, River Jambhira

Kabini River, Kadalundi River, Kaagini River, Kali River- Karnataka, Kali River- Uttarakhand, Kali Sindh River, Kaliasote River, Karmanasha, Karban River, Uttar Pradesh, Kallayi River Kalpathipuzha, Kameng River, Kanhan River, Kamla Balan Bihar, Kannadipuzha, Karnaphuli River, Kaveri River, Kelna River, Kelo River Khadakpurna River, Kodoor River, Koel River, Kolab River, Kollidam River, Kosi River, Koyna River, Krishna River, Kundali River, Kaushiga River, Kuwanav River, Ken River, Kshipra River Indore Madhya Pradesh

Lachen River, Lachung River, Lakshmana Tirtha River, Luni River

Mahanadi River, Mahananda River, Mahakali River, Mahi River, Mandovi River, Meenachil River, Meghna River, Mithi River, Mula River, Musi River, Mutha River, Malaprabha, Manorama River

Narmada River, Nethravathi River, Nag River (Maharashtra), Naagavali (Orissa & A.P)

Palar River, Pamba River, Pahuj River, Pamba (Kerala), Panjnad River, Panzara River, Parambikulam River, Parbati River (Himachal Pradesh), Parbati River (Madhya Pradesh), Parbati River (Rajasthan), Payaswini, Pench River, Penganga River, Penner River, Periyar River, Ponnaiyar River, Pranhita River, Purna River, Pluest River (Poonch J&K), Panchaganga River, Mula River Maharashtra, Mootha River Maharashtra

Ramganga, Rangeet River, Ravi River, Rihand River, Rukmavati River, Rupnarayan River, Rapti River, Ram Rekha River

Saryu River, Sai River, Sarasvati River, Sabarmati River, Sankh River, Shalmala River, Sharavathi River, Shimsha River, Shipra River, Sindh River, Sita River, Son River, Souparnika River, South Koel River, Subarnarekha River, Sutlej River, Surya River, Swarna River

Tansa River, Tapti River, Tawa River, Teesta River, Thuthapuzha, Tons River Tunga River, Tungabhadra River, Thamirabarani River
Tedi River

Vaan River, Vaigai River, Varuna Vashishti River, Vedavathi River, Vrishabhavathi, Vishwamitri River, Vaitarna River

Ulhas River, (Ural River)

Wainganga River, Wagh River, Wardha River, Wehashli River

Yamuna River

Zuari River

photographs (),

photographs (),

+ 36 pages of colour photographs (), and

Prasad Society, Tilak Road, Pune 411 030, INDIA, Tel +91 20 2445 2387,
(diamondpublications at vsnl dot net), price Rs. 5000.

List of rivers of Indonesia

This is a list of rivers in Indonesia.

This list is arranged by island from west to east. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 













List of rivers of Iran

This is a list of the rivers in Iran. They are arranged geographically by river basin from west to east.






List of rivers of Iraq

This is a list of rivers in Iraq.




Matt Moore (American football)

Matthew Erickson Moore (born August 9, 1984 in Van Nuys, California) is an American Football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League. Moore was not drafted in the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at UCLA and Oregon State.

After the 2007 NFL Draft, he signed with the Dallas Cowboys but was released from the team on September 1.

Matt Moore first played in a regular season game on October 27th, 2007 with the Carolina Panthers after David Carr left the game with an injury. In the last game of the 2008 NFL preseason, Matt Moore was injured and did not play during the 2008 NFL season. During the 2009 NFL Season, Moore started five games and threw 8 touchdowns and 2 interceptions. At the start of the 2010 NFL season, he was the starter but after throwing 4 interceptions in the first 2 games he was replaced by Jimmy Clausen. Then he sat out for three straight games before becoming the starter again after Clausen's poor play. In week 9, he was injured and his season ended.

On July 28, 2011, the Miami Dolphins signed Moore to be Chad Henne's back up. On October 2, Henne was injured and Moore came into the game in the first quarter. He finished the game 17 of 26 for 167 passing yards and 1 interception. He started his first game with the Dolphins on October 19 against the New York Jets. In 13 games (and 12 starts), Moore finished the season with 2,497 yards, 16 touchdowns, and 9 interceptions.

Bride of Chucky

Bride of Chucky is a 1998 American fantasy horror comedy movie directed by Ronny Yu. It is the fourth movie in the "Child's Play" series. It stars Jennifer Tilly as Tiffany and Brad Dourif as Chucky. Costars include Katherine Heigl and John Ritter. It is set in New Jersey. "Bride of Chucky" made more than $50 million worldwide at the box office, thereby becoming the most successful part of the series. The movie reviews were mixed.


List of rivers of Ireland

This is a list of main rivers in Ireland. It includes rivers that flow through the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. Rivers that flow through Northern Ireland are marked with an asterisk (*).


List of rivers of Israel

This is a list of rivers in Israel. This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.

Listed from north to south

Listed from north to south.


Listed clockwise from the Jordan River.




List of rivers of Italy

This is a list of rivers, which are at least partially in Italy. They are organized according to what body of water they drain into, with the exceptions of Sicily and Sardinia, which are listed separately.





The tributaries of the Po River are organized into right- and left-hand tributaries. The lists are ordered from the river closest to the source of the Po to the river closest to the mouth of the Po.













Jennifer Tilly

Jennifer Tilly (born Jennifer Ellen Chan, born September 16, 1958) is an American-born Canadian actress. She was born in Harbor City, Los Angeles, California. Her father was Chinese American; her mother was of Irish, Finnish and Native American ancestry. Tilly's sister is actress Meg Tilly (born 1960). Tilly's acting career began in 1983. She acted in "Bound", "Liar Liar" and as Tiffany Valentine in the "Child's Play" series. She plays Bonnie Swanson in television series "Family Guy".

List of rivers of Jamaica

This is a list of rivers of Jamaica. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.




Jason Taylor

Jason Paul Taylor (born September 1, 1974) is a former American football defensive end and linebacker who played in NFL for the Miami Dolphins, Washington Redskins and New York Jets. Taylor was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third round (73rd pick overall) of the 1997 NFL Draft. He also performed on the sixth season of "Dancing with the Stars" and finished as the runner up to Kristi Yamaguchi. On December 28, 2011, Taylor announced that he would retire at the end of the 2011 season.

List of rivers of Japan

These are the Rivers of Japan.

There are 316 rivers in Hokkaidō.
The following table is a list of rivers of Hokkaidō by length.
The following is a list of the 15 first class rivers (1級河川) under management by the :
First class rivers under the control of Tohoku Regional Bureau (東北地方整備局)

Second class river

First-class rivers under the control of Hokuriku Regional Bureau (北陸地方整備局)

Rivers that flow into the Sea of Japan:


Rivers that flow into the Pacific Ocean:


First class rivers under control of Chubu Regional Bureau (中部地方整備局)

The first class rivers under the control of Kinki Regional Bureau (近畿地方整備局)

The second class river 

First class rivers under control of Chugoku Regional Bureau (中国地方整備局)

First class rivers under control of Shikoku Regional Bureau (四国地方整備局)

First class rivers under control of Kyushu Regional Bureau (九州地方整備局)



List of rivers of Jordan

This is a list of rivers in Jordan. This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.

Listed clockwise from the Jordan River.






Katherine Heigl

Katherine Marie Heigl (born November 24, 1978 in Washington, D.C.) is an American actress, film producer and model. Her notable movies and television programs are "", "Knocked Up", "Bride of Chucky" and "Grey's Anatomy". She began her career as a child model.

List of rivers of Kazakhstan

Rivers of Kazakhstan include:



List of rivers of Kenya

This is a list of streams and rivers in Kenya

Athi-Galana-Sabaki River

Dawa River

Ewaso Ng'iro River

Gucha River

Kangen River - Kerio River - Kiama River - Kururu River

Mara River - Mbagathi River - Mogonga River - Mononoase River - Muhuhi River

Nairobi River - Naro Moru River - Njoro River - Nyando River - Nzoia River

Ragati River - Ruiru River

Sondu Miriu River - Suam River

Tana River (Kenya) - Thika River - Tsavo River - Turkwel River - Thugi River

Yala River

List of rivers of Korea

This is a list of rivers of Korea.




List of rivers of Kuwait

This is a list of rivers in Kuwait. Kuwait does not have any permanent rivers, but does have a few wadis. Also listed are the river-like marine channels around Bubiyan Island.



List of rivers of Kyrgyzstan

In total, there are 2044 rivers with a length of more than 10 km in Kyrgyzstan with a total length of about 35000 km. The list of Rivers of Kyrgyzstan include:

A

C
K

N
S

T

V

Y

List of rivers of Laos

This is a list of rivers in Laos . This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 




List of rivers of Latvia

Rivers of Latvia include:


Bharat Ratna

Bharat Ratna (, meaning "Jewel of India", or "Gem of India") is the highest civilian award in India. They are given to people who have given the highest level of service in artistic, literary or scientific achievements. As of 2011, it can also be given to sportspeople.

Kiyonobu Okajima

68||7||10||1||0||0||78||8
68||7||10||1||0||0||78||8

Wolnei Caio

Wolnei Caio (born August 10, 1968) is a former Brazilian football player.

9||4||2||1||11||5
9||4||2||1||11||5

Embu (footballer)

Sergio Henrique Savoia Bernardes (born May 18, 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

10||0||0||0||10||0
10||0||0||0||10||0

Pedro Massacessi

Pedro Massacessi (born January 9, 1966) is an Argentine professional athlete. He is best known as a football player. and team manager.

Shinya Nishikawa

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Júnior (footballer, born 1969)

Jose Alves dos Santos Júnior (born July 29, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player. 

11||1||2||0||13||1
11||1||2||0||13||1

Hirokazu Ota

2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0

Émerson Luiz Firmino

Émerson Luiz Firmino (born July 28, 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

2||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||2||0

Evil eye

The evil eye is a look that is believed by many cultures to be able to cause harm, injury, misfortune or bad luck for the person it is directed at. This could be for reasons of envy, jealousy or dislike. In some forms, it is the belief that a person can bestow a curse on someone when giving an "evil look" out of envy or jealousy.

Miryang gang rape

The Milyang Group Gang Rape was a sex crime that happened between January and November 2004 in South Korea. It happened it the city Miryang in South Gyeongsang province. A large group of at least 41 high-school boys kidnapped and gang-raped five middle- and high-school girls. a victims middle school and high school girl and lived in Ulsan, Changwon, park's Sisters and their cousin Lady Rho and other high school girls in Changwon. ather criminal check for an additional 70 male high school students, they lived in Milyang, Changwon. but the rapists were not punished, minors with a reason.


Yasuhiro Yamada

Yasuhiro Yamada (February 13, 1968–April 8, 2013) was a Japanese football player.

Hiroaki Hiraoka (footballer)

Hiraoka was head coach of Albirex Niigata Singapore in 2008.

65||0||4||0||17||0||86||0
65||0||4||0||17||0||86||0

Kiyoshi Nakamura

33||0||0||0||1||0||34||0
33||0||0||0||1||0||34||0

Marco Aurélio (footballer, born 1972)

Marco Aurelio Silva Businhani (born February 8, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

14||9||1||0||15||9
14||9||1||0||15||9

Noriaki Asakura

32||0||0||0||12||0||44||0
32||0||0||0||12||0||44||0

Takao Oishi

47||2||1||0||0||0||48||2
47||2||1||0||0||0||48||2

Kenji Komata

78||2||3||0||9||0||90||2
78||2||3||0||9||0||90||2


André Paus

André Paus (born October 9, 1965) is a former Dutch football player.

"As of 7 May 2022"

Júbilo Iwata

WKE

SV Spakenburg


Valletta

Enosis Neon Paralimni


Yasuyuki Iwasaki

2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0

Shigeo Sawairi

124||45||0||0||17||5||141||50
124||45||0||0||17||5||141||50

Toshiyuki Kosugi

84||2||5||1||15||0||104||3
84||2||5||1||15||0||104||3


Masashi Shimamura

14||1||0||0||8||3||22||4
14||1||0||0||8||3||22||4

Inner ear

The inner ear is the innermost part of the vertebrate ear. It is mainly responsible for sound detection and balance. In mammals, it consists of two main working parts inside a bony labyrinth: 


The inner ear is found in all vertebrates, with many variations in form and function. The inner ear is supplied with the eighth cranial nerve in all vertebrates.

Lambeosaurinae

Lambeosaurinae is a sub-family of dinosaurs. They are hadrosaurs, or duck-billed dinosaurs. Dinosaurs in Lambeosaurinae had crests on their heads. The crests had hollow tubes in them. Scientists are not sure what the crest was for. They might have been tubes that let the dinosaur breathe while it was underwater, like a snorkel. They might have helped the dinosaur make sounds.

Seiji Kubo

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Mitsutoshi Tsushima

38||0||0||0||0||0||38||0
38||0||0||0||0||0||38||0

Toru Kawashima

Kawashima died on January 19, 2024, at the age of 53.

52||0||1||0||0||0||53||0
52||0||1||0||0||0||53||0

Kaoru Asano

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Kazuya Matsuda

13||0||0||0||0||0||13||0
13||0||0||0||0||0||13||0

Capri

Capri is an island in the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is on the north side of the Gulf of Naples, Italy. The main town on the island shares the name. It has been a resort since the time of the Roman Republic. The Emperor Tiberius lived here from 26–31 AD.

Features of the island are the Belvedere of Tragara (a high panoramic promenade lined with villas), the limestone crags called sea stacks that project above the sea (the "Faraglioni"), the town of Anacapri, the Blue Grotto ("Grotta Azzurra"), and the ruins of the Imperial Roman villas.

Capri is part of the region of Campania, Province of Naples. Most people on the island live in the town of Capri. The island has two harbours, Marina Piccola and Marina Grande (the main port of the island). The separate "comune" of Anacapri is high on the hills to the west.

The etymology of the name 'Capri' is unclear.

Hypochondriasis

Hypochondriasis (more well known as hypochondria) is mental illness.
It in involves excess worries about having an illness.
This is often the result from having inaccurate perceptions of the human body or mental health.
People with hypochondria are often very worried about their health.
In fact there is nothing wrong with them.
They become unduly alarmed of even the slightest physical symptom in their very bodies.
They can become convinced they are about to become sick, have health problems, or even die.

Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa

Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa (c. 63 BC – 12 BC) was a general of the Roman Empire and a statesman. He was a close friend and brother-in-law of Augustus.

Agrippa's place of birth is not known for sure. It may have been the city of Arpinum. His father was callled Lucius Vipsanius Agrippa (we know this from an inscription on the Pantheon). He had an elder brother, and a sister named Vipsania Polla. The family had not been prominent in Roman public life. 

Agrippa first married Caecilia Attica, the daughter of Cicero's friend T. Pomponius Atticus. They a daughter – Vipsania Agrippina, and perhaps another: 'Vipsania Minor'. Vipsania Agrippina became the wife of Tiberius. 

By his second marriage to Claudia Marcella (oldest daughter of Octavia) he probably had a single surviving daughter. 

His third wife, Julia (daughter of Augustus) bore him three sons and two daughters: Gaius (born 20 BC), Julia the Younger, Lucius (born 17 BC), Agrippina the Elder (born ca. 15 BC), and Postumus Agrippa. The last child was born in 12 BC after the death of Agrippa. Agrippa died in March 12 BC. Agrippa's more famous descendents stem from his daughter Agrippina: they include his grandson Caligula and great-grandson Nero.

Agrippa fought in Caesar's Civil War (49–45 BC), giving help to Octavian against Lucius Antonius. 
Later services include his defeat of Sextus Pompey at Naolochus, Antony and Cleopatra at Actium, and the fall of Egypt. Later he completed of the conquest of Spain and fought in the North and East. For his valuable services he held three consulships (37, 28, 27 BC). He became Tribune of the plebs in 18 BC and renewed in 13, making him Augustus' unofficial co-emperor. He died at the height of his power in March 12 BC.

Edward Calvin Kendall

Edward Calvin Kendall (March 8, 1886, South Norwalk, Connecticut – May 4, 1972, Princeton, New Jersey) was an American chemist. 

In 1950, Kendall was awarded the 1950 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Swiss chemist Tadeus Reichstein and Mayo Clinic physician Philip S. Hench, for their work with the hormones of the adrenal gland. His Nobel lecture was titled "The development of cortisone as a therapeutic agent". Kendall also isolated thyroxine, a hormone of the thyroid gland, and worked with the team that crystallized glutathione and identified its chemical structure.

Kendall was a biochemist at the Graduate School of the Mayo Foundation at the time of the award. He received his education at Columbia University After retiring from his job with the Mayo Foundation, Kendall joined the faculty at Princeton University, where he remained until his death in 1972.

Riccardo Drigo

Riccardo Eugenio Drigo (30 June 1846–1 October 1930) was an Italian composer of ballet music and opera, a theatrical conductor, and a pianist. Drigo is most noted for his long career as kapellmeister and Director of Music of the Mariinsky Ballet of St. Petersburg, Russia. He composed music for the original works and revivals of the Mariinsky choreographers Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov. Drigo also served as Chef d’orchestre for Italian opera performances of Mariinsky Theatre orchestra. During his career in St. Petersburg, Drigo conducted the premieres and regular performances of nearly every ballet and Italian opera performed on the Tsarist stage. He was considered to be one of the finest theatrical conductors in Europe.

Pierina Legnani

Pierina Legnani (1863–1930) was an Italian ballerina who introduced the 32 fouettés en tournant to the ballet world in 1893. She was born on 30 September 1863 in Milan, Italy. From 1893 until 1901, she was Prima Ballerina Assoluta at the Mariinsky Theatre, St. Petersburg. Legnani trained at La Scala. 

Legnani danced Odette/Odile in the 1895 revised version of "Swan Lake". Her last performance was in Petipa's "La Camargo" on 28 January 1901. She retired to her villa at Lake Como. She was on the examining board of La Scala Ballet School until four months before her death. She died on 15 November 1930.


Johnny B. Goode

"Johnny B. Goode" is a song written by Chuck Berry. The single appears on Berry's 1958 album "Chuck Berry Is on Top". The song was recorded on January 6, 1958 and became the biggest hit of his career. It is played in the 1985 movie "Back to the Future".

Mathilde Kchessinska

Mathilde Marie Feliksovna Kschessinskaya (–6 December 1971 (also known as "Her Serene Highness Princess Romanova-Krasinskaya" from 1921) was a Russian ballerina from a family of Polish origin. She was known in the West as Mathilde Kschessinska or Matilda Kshesinskaya.

Her father Feliks Krzesiński and her brother both danced in St. Petersburg. She eventually attained the highest rank, that of "prima ballerina assoluta". 

Kschessinskaya was also a mistress of the future Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. She had been involved with Nicholas, from 1890, when he was a grand duke and she was just seventeen. She met him with his family after her graduation performance. They stayed lovers for three years, until Nicholas married Princess Alix of Hesse-Darmstadt—the future Empress Alexandra Fyodorovna—in 1894, shortly after the death of his father, Tsar Alexander III.


Saikaidō Seamounts

The Saikaidō Seamounts are an underwater feature in the Philippine Sea. The seamounts are in the northern end of the Kyushu-Palau Ridge (KPR). The seabed ridge begins in an area about 900 km from the eastern end of the or ""Bungo" strait" between the Japanese islands of Kyushu and Shikoku. The ridge creates a line on the ocean floor which runs southwest in the direction of the island of Palau. There is a chain of extinct volcanos on this line.

The Saikaidō underwater mountain chain is southeast of the Japanese island of Kyushu.

This seabed feature is named after "Saikaidō", which was the name given to the southern region of Japan during the Asuka period.

Each of these seamounts is a submarine extinct volcano. The undersea mountain range includes:



Totem and Taboo

Totem and Taboo is a book by Sigmund Freud. Four articles in the magazine "Imago" were combined as a book in 1914. The first article is "The Horror of Incest", the second "Taboo and Emotional Ambivalence", the third "Animism, magic, and the omnipotence of thought", and the fourth "The return of totemism in childhood". It was written partly as a response to Wilhelm Wundt's ideas on psychology, and partly as a response to Carl Jung's ideas. It describes Freud's idea of how the incest taboo began. The last article combines Charles Darwin's idea of an ancient family with William Robertson Smith's idea of human sacrifice being the origin of religious ceremonies, to argue that an ancient group of brothers killed their polygamous father and took his wives and then created totemism as an idea to create conscience and prevent their action from being repeated.


Susan Sontag

Susan Sontag (born Susan Rosenblatt, January 16, 1933 – December 28, 2004) was an American writer and political activist. Sontag was born in New York City to Jewish parents. She grew up in Tucson, Arizona and later in Los Angeles, California.

Sontag married writer Philip Rieff when she was 17. Sontag taught freshman English at the University of Connecticut for the 1952–53 academic year. 

Sontag's first book, "The Benefactor", was published in 1966. Her first film "Duett för kannibaler" was released in 1969. In 2000 she won the National Book Award.

She was openly bisexual. She married writer Philip Rieff (1922-2006) in 1950. Her only child is writer David Rieff (born 1952). The couple divorced in 1959. She was also partners with Cuban playwright María Irene Fornés.

She died of leukemia in New York City. She is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery in Paris, France.

Money Train

Money Train is a 1995 American comedy crime thriller movie. In it are Woody Harrelson, Robert Blake, Jennifer Lopez and Wesley Snipes. Harrelson, Snipes and Lopez play transit cops who are foster brothers. Robert Blake plays as an arrogant officer named Patterson. "Money Train" not only received substandard and negative reviews from movie critics, it was considered a "box office bomb". At the box office, the movie made only $9 million above its $68 million overall budget. It was released November 22, 1995.


List of rivers of Lebanon

This is a list of all waterways named as rivers in Lebanon. Lebanon has 16 rivers all of which are non navigable.

Sources: 

List of rivers of Lesotho

This is a list of streams and rivers in Lesotho.





Legally Blonde

Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy movie based on a novel. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Selma Blair, Luke Wilson, Matthew Davis, Victor Garber, Jennifer Coolidge and Holland Taylor, and was released on July 13, 2001. The movie got a lot of good reviews and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for and is the 29th on Bravo's 2007 list of "100 Funniest Movies". For her performance, Witherspoon was nominated for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the 2002 MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance. The movie made a lot of money at the box office, and it made almost $142 million worldwide (the budget was $18 million). The movie was later followed by two sequels and a stage play with the same name. It is set in Los Angeles, Southern California and in Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Elle Woods is a sorority sister living at the Delta Nu House at the fictional California University Los Angeles (CULA) (based on the real University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA)) where she studies in "Fashion Merchandising" and has a 4.0 Grade Point Average. Elle's boyfriend, Warner Huntington III, the son of a U.S. congressman, breaks up with her the night she expects him to propose for marriage, claiming that he needs "to marry a Jackie, not a Marilyn", meaning that Elle is not a serious person for a wife and for his career. Warner will go to Harvard Law School, and Elle becomes determined to be accepted to the school to win him back. Once at Harvard, Elle learns that Warner has a new fiancée, Vivian Kensington, who is a member of the same country club as Warner's family and, like most of her classmates, sees Elle as inferior. Elle is able to exonerate a sorority sister accused of murder at a trial, and tells Warner, who wants her back after her successful legal defense, that she does not need him. Elle gives the speech to the law school class at their graduation ceremony after proving herself and earning the respect of her classmates. She begins a relationship with the former Harvard Law School student and lawyer Emmett Richmond.



List of rivers of Liechtenstein

This is a list of rivers, which are at least partially in Liechtenstein.



List of rivers of Lithuania

These are the longest rivers in Lithuania.

The Virvyčia (99.7 km) is just shy of the 100 km limit. The length of the Žeimena is an object of discussion; it could be up to 114 km. 

Note: length in Lithuania also includes the length of rivers when they serve as borders with neighboring countries.


List of rivers of Luxembourg

These are the main rivers of Luxembourg.



List of rivers of North Macedonia

Rivers in North Macedonia include:


List of rivers of Malawi

This is a list of streams and rivers in Malawi.

Dwangwa River

Shire River - South Rukuru River

List of rivers of Malaysia

This is a list of rivers of Malaysia. The rivers are arranged by letter within their respective states or federal territories. The same river may be found in more than one state as many rivers cross state borders.



shrik river















List of rivers of Mauritius

The following is a list of rivers of Mauritius.



List of rivers of Mexico

This is a list of rivers of Mexico, listed from north to south. Alternate names for rivers are given in parentheses.





Endorheic basin in northern Chihuahua:

Endorheic basin of Bolsón de Mapimí:


List of rivers of the Federated States of Micronesia

This is a list of the rivers of the Federated States of Micronesia, arranged by State:





Alexander Gorsky

Alexander Gorsky (6 August 1871–1924) was a Russian ballet choreographer and a contemporary of Marius Petipa. He is known for restaging Petipa’s classical ballets such as "Swan Lake", "Don Quixote", and "The Nutcracker". Gorsky "sought greater naturalism, realism, and characterization" in ballet. He valued acting skills over "bravura" technique (a showy display of skills such as many turns or high jumps.) His interpretations of ballets were often controversial and he often used artists outside the dance world to create sets and costumes. Gorsky gave continuity to the plots of Petipa’s ballets and removed excessive choreography that did not relate to the story.

Box Office Mojo

The Box Office Mojo is a website based company which tracks the box office revenues in systematic and algorithmic style. The network was begun in 1999 and was purchased by Amazon.com in July 2008 by Amazon subsidiary Internet Movie Database.

Official website 

William Smith (geologist)

William 'Strata' Smith (23 March 1769 – 28 August 1839) was an English geologist, who created the first nationwide geological map.

Like another great scientist of his time, Michael Faraday, he was the son of a blacksmith. His geological discoveries were made when, as a young man, he was a surveyor, and so travelled the country. Smith's greatest discovery was that sedimentary rocks of a similar age held fossils of a similar type. So he could identify them when they were at the surface in different parts of the country.

Smith put together the historical geology of Britain (England and Wales) and southern Scotland into a single record. At the time his map was published he was almost unknown to the scientific community. His humble family and education meant he did not mix easily in learned society. His work was plagiarised, he was financially ruined, and he spent time in debtors' prison. It was only later in his life that Smith got recognition for what he had done.

In 1799 Smith produced the first large scale geologic map of the area around Bath, Somerset. Before, he only knew how to draw the vertical extent of the rocks, but not how to display them horizontally. Then, in the Somerset County Agricultural Society, he found a map showing the types of soil and vegetation around Bath and their geographical extent. The different types were coloured. Using this technique, Smith could draw a geological map from his observations showing the outcrops of the rocks. He took a few rock types, each with its own colour. Then he estimated the boundaries of each of the outcrops of rock, filled them in with colour and ended up with a crude geological map.

In 1801, he drew a rough sketch of what would become "The map that changed the world".

In 1815 he published the first geological map of Britain. Conventional symbols were used to mark canals, tunnels, tramways and roads, collieries, lead, copper and tin mines, together with salt and alum works. The various geological types were indicated by different colours; the maps were hand coloured. The map is remarkably similar to modern geological maps of England. He also published his "Delineation of the strata of England" in the same year. In another of his books "Strata identified by organized fossils" (London 1816–1819) he recognised that strata contained distinct fossils. These fossil assemblages could be used to match rocks between regions. This marks Smith as an important figure in the history of stratigraphy.

In 1817 he drew a remarkable geological vertical section from Snowdon to London. Unfortunately, his maps were soon copied (plagiarised) and sold for prices lower than he was asking. He went into debt and finally became bankrupt.

On 31 August 1819 Smith was released from King's Bench Prison in London, a debtor's prison. He returned to his home at 15 Buckingham Street to find a bailiff at the door and his home and property seized. Smith again worked as an travelling surveyor for years. One of his employers, Sir John Johnstone, recognised him and took steps to get him the respect he deserved. Between 1824 and 1826 he lived and worked in Scarborough. There he was responsible for the building of the Rotunda, a geological museum devoted to the Yorkshire coast. The Rotunda was re-opened as 'Rotunda – The William Smith Museum of Geology', on 9 May 2008.


Belgian

Belgian might mean:


Mukeshpuri

Mukeshpuri is the highest mountain in the Nathiagali Hills. It is high. It is in the Abbottabad District, Pakistan. Islamabad is south of Mukeshpuri.

Mukeshpuri is a Sanskrit word. It means "place of quietness". The Jhelum River can be seen from the top of the mountain.

Cybele

In Anatolian mythology, Cybele was the personification of the earth. She was the goddess of nature, fertility, mountains, and wild animals. She is often represented sitting on a throne, flanked by two lions, and wearing a mural crown. In Phrygian myth, she was born a hermaphroditic being named Agdistis, a child of Zeus and Gaia. Cybele had a shepherd consort named Attis, and a priesthood of eunuchs called the Galli. Her cult was adopted by the Greeks and later by the Romans.

Zeus let fall in his sleep seed upon the Earth, which in course of time gave birth to an androgynous being, born both male and female, whom they called Agdistis. But the gods, fearing Agdistis, cut off the male organ. The blood fertilized the soil and there grew up from it an almond-tree. A daughter of the river Sangarius picked an almond and laid it in her bosom, where the almond disappeared. She then had a child, a baby boy named Attis.

Her orgiastic cult dominated the central and north-western districts of Asia Minor, and was introduced into Greece via the island of Samothrake and the Boiotian town of Thebes. Cybele was closely associated with a number of Greek goddesses, firstly Rhea, the Greek mother of the gods (Meter Theon), but sometimes also Demeter (especially in the Samothrakian cult), Aphrodite (on Mount Ida) and Artemis (in Karia). Her main cult followers were the Galli, these were eunuch priests of a feminine nature, who celebrated her festivals with wild dancing, self-laceration, and self-scourging.


Nishinoomote, Kagoshima

The city was established on 1 October 1958.




Attis

In Anatolian mythology, Attis was the eunuch consort of the goddess Cybele. He was the son of Nana, the daughter of the river god Sangarius. Attis died after being castrated and was resurrected by Cybele. He was a god of vegetation and represented the fruits of the earth, which died in winter and grew back again in the spring. He is often shown wearing a Phrygian cap on his head. The cult of Cybele and Attis was adopted by the Greeks and later by the Romans.

Agdistis

In Anatolian, Greek and Roman mythology, Agdistis was a hermaphroditic being, and symbolized the wild and uncontrolled powers of nature. She is the personification of a mountain of the same name in Phrygia.

She was born after Zeus accidentally impregnated the earth goddess Gaia. The gods feared Agdistis because she held all the powers of creation within her body. Dionysus tricked her into castrating herself, and from then on she was known as the goddess Cybele. The blood from her severed gentials fertilized the earth, and from that spot an almond tree grew. One day the nymph Nana picked an almond from the tree, and held it against her chest, the almond vanished and she became pregnant with Attis.

Some ancient writers say Agdistis is the same as Cybele, and worshiped under that name. In many ancient inscriptions, Agdistis is clearly separate from Cybele, but in many others she is listed as an epithet of Cybele. Although primarily an Anatolian goddess, the cult of Agdistis covered a lot of territory. By 250 BC it had spread to Egypt, and later to Attica, Rhamnus around 80 BC (where there was a sanctuary of Agdistis), and later in Lesbos and Panticapeum. 

Galli

The Galli (singular: Gallus) were eunuch priests of the goddess Cybele or Agdistis. They were temple attendants sometimes wandering the streets begging for charity, and in return they told people's fortunes. The Galli wore feminine clothing and grew their hair long, wearing earrings, necklaces, and heavy make-up. At festivals to Cybele and Attis they danced around wildly to loud music and whipped themselves until they bled. The newcomers to the priesthood would voluntarily castrate themselves. 

In Rome, the head of the galli was known as the Archigallus. A number of archaeological finds depict the Archigallus wearing luxurious and extravagant costumes. The Archigallus was always a Roman citizen chosen by Rome's college of priests, and the term of service lasted for life. Along with the institution of the Archigallus came the Phrygianum sanctuary and the rite of the taurobolium, two aspects of the Cybele cult which the Archigallus had responsibility, as well as presiding over the Galli priests.

Demchok

Demchok or "New Demchok" is a small village and military encampment in the Indian-administered part of the disputed Demchok sector south of Aksai Chin, in the Ladakh district of Kashmir. The Line of Actual Control (LAC) passes along the southeast side of the village, following a wadi just upstream from the nearby Indus River. Across the wadi, less than a kilometer away, is the Chinese-administered village, called Dêmqog, in the Ngari Prefecture within Tibet. This village was on an old route linking Ladakh and Tibet, currently closed. The village lies 36.5 km east of Ukdungle.

Though the Kailash Mansarovar is 300 km away, the route there is mostly through plains and there is demand to improve and open a road linking China and Northern Pakistan through Demchok. Islamabad says that this is part of China, however India rejects this and claims the territory to be part of New Delhi's administration.

Carabiniers of Chile

The Carabiniers of Chile, () are the uniformed Chilean national police force and gendarmerie. This institution was created and founded on April 27, 1927. Their main mission is to keep the public order according with the Chilean laws. Since 2011, the institution is under the full control of the Ministry of the Interior and Public Security.

In coordination of this institution, the Investigations Police of Chile works also under the control of the Ministry of the Interior and Public Security.


Lucius Tarquinius Superbus

Lucius Tarquinius Superbus (Tarquin the Proud) was the seventh and last legendary king of ancient Rome. He ruled Rome from 534–510 BC. Many of the stories about him are legends, and are based on earlier Greek and Babylonian stories.

He used force to become king. He changed the constitution of the Roman Kingdom to give himself complete power and used violence to rule. Many members of the Senate were killed and not replaced. He built large monuments, including a fortified temple. He and his family were forced to leave Rome after a revolt by the people. His son Sextus Tarquinius had raped Lucretia, a married noblewoman. Tarquinius Superbus died in Cumae.

Columbo

Columbo is one of the most popular American crime fiction television series, starring Peter Falk as Columbo. From February 20, 1968 – January 30, 2003, a total of 69 episodes were made.

The show is set in Los Angeles, California. It is done in inverted detective story format; first showing the murderer committing the crime, then Columbo entering the story without knowing who is the murderer, but ending up catching the murderer with the evidences found. Each episode featured a guest star playing the murderer.

A complete series was released on Blu-ray Only in Japan.


Investigations Police of Chile

The Investigations Police of Chile (, or PDI) is the civil police of Chile. It was founded on 1933. The PDI is one of two Chilean police bodies along with Carabiniers de Chile. In their functions, this institution is the first collaborator of the Public Ministry of Chile in terms of criminalistic Investigations.


Chilean Gendarmerie

The Chilean Gendarmerie, (, abbreviated to "GENCHI") is the title of Chile's uniformed national prison service. The service evolved out of Chilean Army units which were given police and prison duties. It is an armed service responsible to the Ministry of Justice. In the actuality, the service is currently led by the General Director of the Gendarmerie Mr. Luis Masferrer Farías, a lawyer appointed to this role by the Chilean president in 2010.


Erin Andrews

Erin Jill Andrews (born May 4, 1978, Lewiston, Maine) is an American sportscaster. She works for FOX Sports. Andrews was a correspondent on Good Morning America. She was best known working for ESPN. Before working for ESPN, she was a TV studio host and sideline reporter for the following teams: Tampa Bay Lightning, Atlanta Braves, Atlanta Hawks, and Atlanta Thrashers reporting for "TBS College Football". Andrews did sideline reporting for ABC and ESPN's coverage of college football, the National Hockey League, college basketball, college baseball, the Little League World Series, and Major League Baseball. In July 2012, Andrews joined FOX Sports as a field reporter for the 2012 All-Star Game. She is a studio host for "Fox College Football". She also is a feature reporter for "Fox NFL Sunday" and will join Pam Oliver on the sidelines for the "Thanksgiving Classic" and NFC Playoffs.

Gokishichidō

The Gokishichidō counted the five provinces in the or capital area as one region. In addition, there were seven in an organizational system which was imported from China in the 7th century. Each of the "circuits" or "do" was a region which had several provinces within it.

Over centuries, the government functions of the Gokishichido became less important. However, the traditional remained cultural markers.

Under the Gokishichido system, the central provinces were considered to be a core region. These lands are called the Kansai region or Kinki or Kinai. The five provinces included:

Under the Gokishichido system, there were seven roads which connected the imperial capital with all of the provincial capitals. The land around each of the roads was called by the same name as the road, including


Good Morning America

Good Morning America is an American breakfast television program hosted through the American Broadcasting Company. The show began on November 3, 1975 and airs between 7am and 9am over all Time Zones in the United States and Canada, and one hour on weekends (beginning in 2004). The show is about news, talk, weather and special interest subjects. "GMA" is produced through ABC News and broadcasted across the Times Square area of New York City.

The show is currently hosted by George Stephanopoulos, Robin Roberts, Michael Strahan, Keke Palmer and Lara Spencer. Amy Robach reads the news while Ginger Zee does the weather. Earlier hosts include Diane Sawyer and Charles Gibson.

Biological species concept

The biological species concept gives an explanation of how species form (speciation). A biological species is a group of individuals that can breed together (panmixia). However, they cannot breed with other groups. In other words, the group is reproductively isolated from other groups.

According to Ernst Mayr, a new species forms when an existing species splits. A similar idea had been suggested in the 19th century by Moritz Wagner. Dobzhansky described the role of reproductive isolation in the formation of new species. Once a species lives in two different areas, the geographical isolation makes breeding between the groups reduce or stop. Each group develops features which make breeding between them work less well. Eventually, each group becomes a 'good' biological species, because the two species do not reproduce with each other even when they are together.

This is still considered the most common reason for species splitting, and has the technical name of allopatric speciation. It is contrasted with sympatric speciation where speciation takes place even though all the members live in the same area.

The biological species is the main reason for classifying living things, but applying it in practice is not easy. Good examples of this are the following:

What this is saying is that, in practice, the biological species concept is not sufficient by itself to decide on the classification of animals.

In 1686 John Ray introduced a non-evolutionary biological concept. To him, species were distinguished by always producing the same species, and this was fixed and permanent, though considerable variation was possible within a species.

The idea of a species as a physical type of organism had a long history. This survives as the concept of a type specimen in taxonomy. It was the way Linnaeus worked in his binomial classification, and is still useful for amateur naturalists today.

In the "Origin", Charles Darwin said that species were labels which experts gave on the basis of their observations.

But twenty years before, he had a much better idea. He thought of species as maintained by reproductive isolation. He even says "Hence species may be good ones and differ scarcely at all in any external character". Here he quotes the two sibling species of leaf warbler discovered in England by Gilbert White in 1768. At this early stage in his career, Darwin came very close to the modern biological species concept.

In the last 70 years two ideas have dominated the way professional biologists think about species.

The first is the population genetics concept. This is where a species is seen as a group which can mate together even though they are all to some extent different. It amounts to saying that a species is a gene pool.

The second is the use of DNA sequence analysis to show whether similar-looking species are genetically different from each other. This is especially useful when it is not practical to do breeding experiments.

Sibling species are often called cryptic (hidden) species because their differences can only be seen by analysing their DNA. They are very common in the marine environment.

Many cryptic species exist in all habitats. In the marine bryozoan "Celleporella hyalina", DNA sequence analysis was used to show that more than ten ecologically distinct species that had been diverging for many millions of years.

Evidence from the identification of cryptic species means that older estimates of global species richness are too low. For example, mitochondrial DNA research suggests there are at least 11 genetically distinct populations of giraffes. Similarly, the Amazonian frog "Eleutherodactylus ockendeni" is at least three different species which diverged over 5 million years ago.

Kyushu-Palau Ridge

Kyushu-Palau Ridge (KPR) is an ocean floor feature in the Philippine Sea. It is named after the nearby islands. At the northern end is the Japanese island of Kyushu. At the southern end is the Pacific island nation of Palau.

The seabed ridge begins in an area about 900 km from the eastern end of the or ""Bungo" strait" between the Japanese islands of Kyushu and Shikoku. The ridge creates a line on the ocean floor which runs southeast in the direction of the island of Palau. There is a chain of extinct volcanos on this line.

KPR is southeast of the Japanese island of Kyushu.

KPR was created by movement at the northern edges of the Philippine Plate.



Seamount

A seamount is a mountain rising from the ocean sea floor. It does not reach to the water's surface (sea level), and so is not an island. These are usually formed from submarine volcanoes. They are usually 1,000–4,000 metres (3,000–13,000 ft) in height from the sea floor. 

The peaks are often found hundreds to thousands of metres below the surface, and so are in the deep sea. There are an estimated 100,000 seamounts around the globe, but only a few have been studied. Seamounts come in all shapes and sizes, and follow a distinctive pattern of growth, activity, and death. In recent years, several active seamounts have been observed, for example Loihi seamount in the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain.

Over time, the largest seamounts may reach the sea surface. There wave action erodes the summit to form a flat surface. After they have subsided and sunk below the sea surface such flat-top seamounts are called "guyots" or "tablemounts".

Seamounts are one of the most common oceanic ecosystems in the world. Interactions between seamounts and underwater currents attract plankton, corals, fish, and cetacea alike. Their effect has been noted by the commercial fishing industry, and many seamounts support extensive fisheries. There are concerns about the effect of fishing on seamount ecosystems. There are well-documented cases of stock decline. 95% of ecological damage is done by bottom trawling, which literally scrapes whole ecosystems off seamounts.

Most seamounts are not yet to be studied, or even mapped. Bathymetry and satellite altimetry are two technologies used to collect data. There have been instances where naval vessels have collided with uncharted seamounts. The Muirfield seamount is named after the ship that struck it in 1973. However, the greatest danger from seamounts are flank collapses. As they get older, water eats away at their sides. This causes landslides which, in turn, may cause massive tsunamis.



Hazelnut

Hazelnuts are nuts of the hazel genus of tree; they are also called cob nuts and filbert nuts. Filbert nuts are more elongated (twice as long as they are round). These nuts fall from their husks when ripe (that is, seven to eight months past pollination). Hazelnuts are oftentimes used as livestock feed or ground into paste. Hazelnut is produced especially in Greece, Turkey, Italy and the U.S. states Washington and Oregon. Hazelnuts are also used alongside chocolate for chocolate truffles. Moreover, hazelnut are rich in proteins and unsaturated fats.

Hazelnuts can also be used to make hazelnut butter.

Circuit

Circuit may mean:

In electrical engineering

In government and law

In racing

Sibling species

Sibling species are species which look alike, but cannot breed with each other.

The classic case is "Drosophila pseudoobscura" and "D. persimilis". They are almost identical, but if flies from one species are put with flies from the other species, they do not interbreed. Another example was the European mosquito known as "Anopheles maculipennis". This turned out to be a cluster of six different species, some of which transmit malaria, and some do not.

Sherilyn Fenn

Sheryl Ann "Sherilyn" Fenn (born February 1, 1965, Detroit) is an American actress. She has acted in many television programs and movies throughout her acting career. She was married to actor Johnny Depp for a brief time period.


Circuit (political division)

A circuit ( ; Chinese: dào; Japanese: dō) was a historical political division of Tang China and Japan and Korea. In Korean, the same word () is translated as "province".

Emperor Taizong divided China into parts which were called "circuits".

The organization of government and geography in Tang China were merged into provinces ("dao" ) which were ten natural regions. In part, Tang history is about the changing balance between the provinces and a strong central government.

During the pre-modern era, Japan was divided into a central region and seven provincial regions or "circuits", including

In the mid-19th century, the northern island of Ezo was settled, and renamed .

Hokkaido did not develop as a "circuit" in the traditional way. It became a prefecture. It had a name that was different from the other prefectures because of the suffix "-dō".

After the late-10th century, the province ("do") was the main subdivision of Korea.


Saikaidō

"Saikaidō" was one of the main circuits of the "Gokishichidō" system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "Saikaidō", remained cultural markers.

The "Saikaidō" road connected the capitals of the provinces in this region.

"Saikaidō" is the geographic region of Kyūshū. Tsushima Island and Iki Province were also part of the region. 

"Saikaidō" has nine ancient provinces and two islands, including 

Historic earthquakes are named "Saikaidō" when the main damage was in the Kyūshū region. Often quakes are called by the Japanese era name along with region location such as "Saikaido".



Document Object Model

The Document Object Model (DOM) is a representation of an HTML website's properties. By using DOM, an HTML page can be modified (elements of it can be removed, changed, or new elements can be added).

Nankaidō

The is a Japanese term for both an ancient division of the country and the main road running through the region.

"Nankaidō" was one of the main circuits of the Gokishichidō system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "Nankaidō", remained cultural markers.

The "Nankaidō" road connected the capitals of the provinces in this region.

"Nankaidō" is the geographic region of Shikoku. Awaji Island was also part of the region.

"Nankaidō" has parts of six ancient provinces and one island, including:
Some geological features, such as the undersea Nankai Trough, have been named for the region.

Many historic earthquakes have the name ""Nankai"" or ""Nankaido"". Major earthquakes are named with the Japanese era name and the location such as "Nankaido".



Cathedral of the Most Holy Conception, Chile

The Cathedral of the Most Holy Conception () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Concepción, Chile.



Bring It On

Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy movie that stars Kirsten Dunst and Eliza Dushku. It is about cheerleader groups competing against each other in high schools in California. "Bring It On" got mixed critic reviews, though it took in over $90 million in box office revenue. It was released in America on August 25, 2000.

Carrie (1976 movie)

Carrie is a 1976 American supernatural horror movie. It was directed by Brian De Palma and written by Lawrence D. Cohen. It is based on a novel of the same name by Stephen King. The film stars Sissy Spacek as 17-18 year old Carrie White. She is shy and is victimized by her controlling religious fundamentalist mother, played by Piper Laurie, as well as by several of her high school classmates who bully her. However, she has telekinetic powers which she uses to take revenge on the people who deliberately cause her suffering. Nancy Allen, Amy Irving, William Katt and John Travolta play some of her classmates. Carrie was emotionally and verbally abused by some girls who are her classmates.

It was followed by a 1999 sequel, "". It was remade in 2002 and 2013.

Carrie

Carrie may refer to:


Don't Look Now

Don't Look Now is a 1973 Anglo-Italian thriller movie directed by Nicolas Roeg. It stars Julie Christie and Donald Sutherland as a married couple from Hertfordshire who go to Venice, Italy after the accidental death of their daughter. It is based on a short story by Daphne du Maurier.

Yellow-backed duiker

The yellow-backed duiker ("Cephalophus silvicultor") is a small antelope.
It lives in the dense tropical forests of central Africa. Duikers can grow up to 3 feet in height and weigh up to 175 lbs. They live 10 to 15 years in captivity. A typical yellow-backed duiker's diet consists of bark, shoots, buds, seeds, fruits, fungi, herbs and some small animals.

Grey crowned crane

The grey crowned crane or East African crowned crane ("Balearica regulorum") is a waterfowl species which lives in wetter areas of eastern and southern Africa. They grow up to 3.5 feet and weigh over 8 pounds. The East African crowned crane can live up to 25 years in captivity. They eat a variety of grasses, seeds, insects, and other small animals.

Marwar

Jodhpur state was a former princely state now in Rajasthan in India. The region was earlier called Marwar meaning 'the land of death' due to its severe famines and harsh conditions of living. Maharaja Umaid Singhji got Umaid Bhawan Palace built in Jodhpur at the time of famine so as to provide employment to public. 

Its ruler, the Maharaja of Jodhpur, expressed a wish to join Pakistan but Lord Mountbatten warned him that his subjects were mostly Hindus and his accession to Pakistan would create problems. As a result Jodhpur, too, acceded to India. 

Kapurthala (princely state)

Kapurthala State ( (Gurmukhi), کپورتھلہ (Shahmukhi), कपूरथला (Devanagari)), with its capital at Kapurthala, was a princely state in East Punjab. It was spread across .

Gilbert Gottfried

Gilbert Jeremy Gottfried (February 28, 1955 – April 12, 2022) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He was the voice of Iago in the "Aladdin" animated franchise. He also voiced Digit in the PBS educational animated series "Cyberchase". He was originally the voice of the Aflac Duck, but he was dismissed on March 14, 2011 and he was replaced by Daniel McKeague on April 26, 2011.

Gottfried was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York on February 28, 1955, the youngest of 3 children.

On April 12, 2022, Gottfried died in Manhattan at the age of 67 of ventricular tachycardia caused by type II myotonic dystrophy.


Cooch Behar (princely state)

Cooch Behar (1586—1949; also spelled Koch Bihar) was a small kingdom located south of the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan, west of the upper Brahmaputra valley Ahom Kingdom, and north-east of the Ganges plain and Bengal.

Until 1949, Cooch Behar was a princely state subject to British rule. In 1949, it was merged with India; now free from the British. It later became a part of West Bengal. However, if Cooch Behar had become part of East Pakistan, then India would not have had as much land access towards the north-east. Also the former East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) would have land borders with Nepal, Bhutan and Sikkim.

Tripura (princely state)

Twipra Kingdom was the ancient kingdom of the Tripuri people of the Bodo-Kachari ethnicity. It is now the state of Tripura in the northeastern region of India. It had a chronicle of 186 kings till the present king (Maharaja Pradyot Kishore Manikya, better known as Kirit Pradyot Deb Burman).

Don Freund

Don Freund (born 1947, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American music writer and Professor of Composition at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music. His over 100 works include individual music and large theater works.

He has many famous awards for his work, including a Guggenheim Fellowship and allowances from the National Endowment for the Arts.



Nham Biền

Nham Biền is a township ("Thị trấn") and town and capital of Yên Dũng District, Bac Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam.

List of American movies of 1991

A list of American movies released in 1991.<br> 
"The Silence of the Lambs" won the Academy Award for Best Picture.



Planning

Planning is the way most organizations work to do big projects. It is thinking about what needs to happen, and then making a detailed plan. It may include a schedule.

All humans plan to some extent: it is a fundamental property of intelligent behaviour. In big organisations and government planning is a main activity. It combines forecasting developments with scenarios of how to react to them.

Forecasting is predicting what the future will look like, whereas planning predicts what the future "should" look like.

The "nuts and bolts" of planning are the documents, diagrams, and meetings, the objectives and the strategy to be followed. Beyond this, planning has a different meaning depending on the context in which it is used.

The counterpart to planning is self-organization, when order emerges spontaneously out of seeming chaos.

John Hickenlooper

John Wright Hickenlooper (born February 7, 1952) is an American politician. He is the junior United States Senator from Colorado since 2021. He was the 42nd Governor of Colorado from January 11, 2011 to January 8, 2019. Hickenlooper is a Democrat. He was the mayor of Denver, Colorado from 2003 to 2011.

Hickenlooper announced his candidacy for President of the United States on March 4, 2019. He ended his campaign on August 15, 2019. A few days later, he announced his candidacy for the United States Senate challenging incumbent Senator Cory Gardner. In June 2020, he won the Democratic nomination for the U.S. Senate race. In November 2020, he won the election. At 68, Hickenlooper became the oldest first-term senator to represent Colorado and the only Quaker member of Congress.

Hickenlooper was born in Narberth, Pennsylvania. He was raised by his mother after his father died young. He is a graduate of Wesleyan University. At Wesleyan, he earned a B.A. in English in 1974 and a master’s degree in geology in 1980.

Before becoming mayor in July 2003, he was a geologist and then a businessperson. Hickenlooper owned several restaurants in the late 1980s. He was one of the founders of the original Wynkoop Brewing Company brewpub.

Hickenlooper has wanted more homeless services since becoming mayor in 2003. He talked about his "10 year plan to end homelessness" at the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C..

In 2006, Denver became the first major American city to make legal the private use of marijuana by people over age 21. Hickenlooper was against the marijuana legalization initiative. When the voters approved it 53.49%-46.51%, he said that the vote "reflect[s] a genuine shift in people's attitudes." Currently the Denver Police say the initiative does not overrule the state law, the Colorado Revised Statutes (CRS). Hickenlooper agrees with the Denver Police. The CRS currently treats marijuana possession much like driving faster than the speed limit. The penalty is fines of up to $100 and no jail time.

Hickenlooper formally announced his candidacy for President of the United States on March 4, 2019. He released a campaign video titled “Standing Tall”. Before announcing his campaign, Hickenlooper was widely seen as a possible candidate for President in 2020. Hickenlooper formally launched his campaign on March 7, 2019 in Denver. After failing to obtain over 1% in polls, Hickenlooper dropped out of the race on August 15, 2019.

In August 2019, it was revealed that Hickenlooper ended his presidential bid to run for the United States Senate in 2020 against incumbent Senator Cory Gardner. In a poll for potential Democratic candidates for the Colorado Senate, Hickenlooper was the front-runner with 61%. On August 22, 2019, Hickenlooper announced his candidacy for the Senate. In June 2020, he won the Democratic nomination. On November 3, 2020, Hickenlooper was declared the winner of the Senate race. 

Hickenlooper's ex-wife, Helen Thorpe, is a writer. Her work has been published in "The New Yorker", "New York Times Magazine", "George", and "Texas Monthly". They lived in Denver's Park Hill neighborhood with their son, Teddy. Hickenlooper told the "Philadelphia Inquirer" that he and Thorpe attend Quaker meetings and try to live by Quaker values.


Dorf an der Pram

Dorf an der Pram is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

Dorf an der Pram lies in the Innviertel. About 8 percent of the municipality is forest, and 80 percent is farmland.

Gradualism

Gradualism is a process of change by gradual, slow stages. In politics, it is the opposite of revolutions and rapid change. "Gradualism is... sometimes associated with social democracy."

In geology, it is in tune with uniformitarianism and against catastrophism. In biology it is in tune with Darwinian ideas of slowly changing species as opposed to large rapid changes

Gradualism is one of the defining features of political liberalism and reformism. It is against abrupt strokes such as revolutions or uprisings. Instead, change ought to be brought about in small discrete steps.

Martin Luther King, Jr., was opposed to the idea of gradualism as a method of eliminating racial segregation. The government wanted to try to integrate African-Americans and European-Americans slowly into the same society, but many believed it was a way for the government to put off actually doing anything about racial segregation:

This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy.— Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech, delivered August 28, 1963 at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC

Charles Lindblom was an influential professor and author who believed in muddling through ("incrementalism") as the right way to go. He pointed out the connexions between the political system, the market-place and democratic freedom.

In the natural sciences, gradualism is a theory that profound change is the product of slow but continuous processes. It is often contrasted with catastrophism. Gradualism was proposed in 1795 by James Hutton to explain geology, and was later was the basis for Charles Lyell's "Principles of Geology". William Whewell called the idea 'uniformitarianism'. It formed the basis of early evolutionary theory.

Charles Darwin was influenced by Lyell's "Principles of Geology". Everything we see from the past is explained by processes we can see going on today. The present is key to the past. So Darwin thought evolutionary must occur gradually, not in jumps ('saltations'), since we do not see big changes going on today. Extreme and rapid changes in an organism would be most likely to be fatal. It is almost universally agreed that complex organs such as the eye must have evolved by many small steps rather than by one or two mutations.

"Phyletic gradualism" is a term coined by Stephen Jay Gould and Niles Eldredge to contrast with their model of punctuated equilibrium. They proposed that most evolution is marked by long periods of evolutionary stability or stasis, punctuated by rare instances of branching evolution. Their idea is less accepted today.

Ernst Kummer

Ernst Eduard Kummer (born 29 January 1810, Sorau, Brandenburg; died 14 May 1893 Berlin) was a German mathematician. At first he was a school teacher, teaching in a German high school gymnasium, where he inspired the Leopold Kronecker to become a mathematician. He became professor of mathematics in Breslau and then in Berlin. He is famous for several mathematical discoveries, including his work on number fields. Several mathematical ideas are named after him.


Leopold Kronecker

Leopold Kronecker (7 December 1823 Liegnitz, Prussia - 29 December 1891) was a German mathematician of Jewish descent.

At first he was a business man and earned a lot of money. Then he devoted himself to mathematics. He is famous for his work on number theory, determinant and algebra. He criticized Cantor's work on set theory. He was a pupil and lifelong friend of Ernst Kummer.


French Academy of Sciences

The French Academy of Sciences ("French": Académie des sciences) is a learned society, founded in 1666 by Louis XIV. Its aim was to encourage and protect the spirit of French scientific research. It was involved with many of the important scientific developments in Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries.
It is one of the earliest academies of sciences.

Here are some incomplete lists of the officers of the academy.







Búri

Búri was the first Norse god. He became the father of the other gods. He was married to Hárm. He ruled prehistory. He gave birth to the Nephaeleus. His reign ended when Thor and Loki were born.

Búri was born when the Divine Cow, Audhumla, licked him out of his icy prison. In his life, Búri lived alongside the ice giant Ymir. Ymir was also released from ice in a similar way.

Comparison of regions of Japan

The Comparison of regions of Japan highlights differences and similarities. The regions of Japan are a fusion of historical divisions and modern administrative needs".

The geography and administrative subdivisions of Japan have evolved and changed during the course of its history. Since the late-7th century, the regions of Japan have been grouped according to geographic position.

In the Meiji period, the modern regional system was made by Imperial decree. Japan was divided into regions ("chihō "). A regional council ("chihō gyōsei kyōgisai") was headed by the governor of the most powerful prefecture in the regional grouping. The council also included regional chiefs of central government ministries.
In this time, political development is marked by persistent loyalty to region and locality.

The Kansai region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "Kinai" region, also known as "Go-Kinai", included the "Five Home Provinces" which surrounded the old capital city of Kyoto. In 645, "Kinai" was created as part of the Taika Reform. These lands are also called the Kansai region or Kinki.

The Kantō region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "Tōkaidō" region or "Eastern Sea Circuit" was made up of 15 provinces on the Pacific Ocean from Sendai Bay to "Kinai". Fuji-san, Tokyo, Yokohama, and other important or well-known places are in this region. "Tōkaidō" also names a road which connects the provincial capitals of this region on the island of Honshū.

The Tōhoku region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "Tōsandō" region or "Eastern Mountain Circuit" was made up of 13 provinces. "Tōsandō" also names a road which connects the provincial capitals of this region on the island of Honshū. "Tōsandō" included Musashi Province after 711.

The Chūbu region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "Hokurikudō" region or the "Northern-land Circuit" was made up of 7 provinces on the Sea of Japan. "Hokurikudō" also names a road which connects the provincial capitals of this region on the island of Honshū.

The Chūgoku region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "San'indō" region or "Mountain-shade Circuit" was made up of 8 provinces on the Sea of Japan. "San'indō" also names a road which connects the provincial capitals of this region on the island of Honshū.

Since the late-7th century, the "San'yōdō" region or "Mountain-sun Circuit" was made up of provinces on south or 'sunny' side of the mountains. "San'indō" also names a road which connects the 8 provincial capitals of this region on the island of Honshū.

The Shikoku region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "Nankaidō" region or the "South-sea Circuit" made up of 6 provinces (the island of Awaji, the 4 provinces of Shikoku, and Kishiu on Honshū). "Nankaidō" also names a road which connects the provincial capitals of this region.

The Kyūshū region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

Since the late-7th century, the "Saikaidō" region or the "West-sea Circuit" was made up of the 9 provinces of the Kyūshū region. "Saikaidō" also names a road which connected the provincial capitals of this region.

After 1878, the region included the Ryukyu Islands.

The Hokkaidō region is used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

In the late 19th-century, the "Hokkaidō" region or "North Sea Circuit" was made up of the 10 provinces of Yezo. The Kurile Islands became an 11th northern province which was added in 1875.



Hokurikudō

"Hokurikudō" was one of the main circuits of the Gokishichidō system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "Hokurikudō", remained cultural markers.

The "Hokurikudō" road connected the capitals of the provinces in this region.

When the Gokishichidō system was initially established after the Taika reforms, the region consisted of just two provinces: Wakasa and Koshi. During the reign of Emperor Temmu, Koshi was divided into three provinces: Echizen, Etchū and Echigo and Sado Island was added as a fifth province. Later, Noto and Kaga were carved out of Echizen.

"Hokurikudō" has parts of seven ancient provinces.


Campagnola Cremasca

Campagnola Cremasca is a "comune" (township) in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, which is about 40 km east of Milan and about 40 km northwest of Cremona.

Campagnola Cremasca is on the edge of the following townships: Capralba, Casaletto Vaprio, Crema, Cremosano, Pianengo, Sergnano.

List of municipalities of the Province of Pavia

This is a list of the 190 comuni (townships) of the Province of Pavia, in Lombardy, Italy.

Alagna

Alagna is a "comune" (township) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, which is about 40 km southwest of Milan and about 20 km west of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had 876 people and an area of 8.6 km².

Alagna is on the edge of the following townships: Dorno, Garlasco, Tromello, Valeggio.

Mimi Rogers

Miriam "Mimi" Rogers (née Spickler; born January 27, 1956) is an American movie actress and poker player. She has been in many television program, including the series "Dawson's Creek".

Albaredo Arnaboldi

Albaredo Arnaboldi is a "comune" (township) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, which is about 40 km south of Milan and about 12 km southeast of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had 200 people and an area of 9.2 km².

Albaredo Arnaboldi is on the edge of the following townships: Barbianello, Belgioioso, Broni, Campospinoso, Casanova Lonati, Linarolo, Mezzanino, San Cipriano Po.

Frascarolo

Frascarolo is a "comune" (township) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, which is about 60 km southwest of Milan and about 40 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had 1,277 people and an area of 23.4 km².

Frascarolo is on the edge of the following townships: Bassignana, Gambarana, Mede, Suardi, Torre Beretti e Castellaro, Valenza.

Mortal Thoughts

Mortal Thoughts is a 1991 American mystery crime thriller movie which stars Demi Moore, Bruce Willis and Harvey Keitel. Willis plays a deranged and violent husband who is murdered one night; Moore plays Cynthia (who gets interrogated); Keitel plays a detective in this movie.


Maggie Gyllenhaal

Margaret Ruth "Maggie" Gyllenhaal (born November 16, 1977) is an American actress. She is the daughter of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner Gyllenhaal. She is the sister of actor Jake Gyllenhaal. Maggie got many awards for her 2002 movie "Secretary".

Maggie was born in New York City to Stephen and Naomi Foner Gyllenhaal. Her parents, who married in 1977, filed for divorce in October 2008. Her father is director Stephen Gyllenhaal, who was raised as a Swedenborgian, is of Swedish, French, German, Swiss, Welsh and English descent, and is a descendant of the Swedish noble Gyllenhaal family. Jake's last ancestor to be born in Sweden was his great-great-grandfather, Anders Leonard Gyllenhaal. Her mother is Jewish; she was born in New York City, to a family from Russia, Latvia and Poland.

Gyllenhaal grew up in Los Angeles. She studied at the Harvard-Westlake School prep school. In 1995, she went to New York to attend Columbia University. Here, she studied literature and Eastern religions. She graduated in 1999. Hence, she got a Bachelor of Arts degree.

Gyllenhaal started dating actor Peter Sarsgaard in 2002. The got engaged in April 2006. 3 years later, they got married.

The Battle for Wesnoth

The Battle for Wesnoth (or just Wesnoth) is a strategy video game. It is designed by David White and the first released was made in June 2003.
The game is available under the GPL license. The 1.14.5 version is the last release and was made the 18 September 2018.

The game is programmed in C++. It is cross-platform and runs on AmigaOS 4, BeOS, FreeBSD, Linux, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, MorphOS, NetBSD, OpenBSD, RISC OS, iOS, Solaris and Android.

The project has a very big community and counts many contributors too. Some developers are well-known authors of other free and open-source projects. For example, there are Eric S. Raymond or Rusty Russell.

The game is translated in more than 50 languages. In 10 of them, the game is very well translated (These languages have more than 95% of messages translated).

Vigevano

Vigevano (Avgevan in the local variety of Western Lombard) is a city and "comune" (township) in the province of Pavia, Lombardy, northern Italy, which has many treasures and a huge industrial business. It is in the middle of a district called Lomellina, a great rice-growing centre. Vigevano received the honorary title of city with a declaration of Duke Francis II Sforza on February 2, 1532. Vigevano is well known for its beautiful Renaissance ""Piazza Ducale"", in the middle of the town.

Vigevano dates back to the 10th century AD, when it was one of Lombard king Arduin's favourite places because of the good hunting.

Vigevano was a Ghibelline township, favoring the Emperor and was therefore invaded and taken by the Milanese in 1201 and again in 1275. In 1328 it finally gave itself up to Azzone Visconti, after which it shared the fortunes of Milan. The Church of S. Pietro Martire (St. Peter Martyr) was built, with the neighbouring Dominican convent, by Filippo Maria Visconti in 1445. In the last years of Visconti's control it kept a siege by Francesco Sforza. Once he was settled in power in Lombardy, Sforza made Vigevano the seat of a bishop and provided its revenues.

Vigevano is crowned by the Castello Sforzesco, a stronghold rebuilt 1492–94 for Ludovico Maria Sforza (Ludovico il Moro), the great patron born in the town, who changed the fortification/hunting lodge of Luchino Visconti (who in turn had re-used a Lombard fortress) into a rich noble residence, at the cusp of Gothic and Renaissance. Leonardo da Vinci was his guest at Vigevano, as was Bramante, who is credited with the tall tower that watches over the piazza from the Castello Sforzesco. The old castle has a unique raised covered road, high enough for horsemen to ride through, that travels between the new palace and the old fortifications; there is a Falconry, an elegant loggiato supported by 48 columns, and, in the rear area of the mastio, the Ladies' Loggia made for Duchess Beatrice d'Este.


Fiat Palio

The Fiat Palio is a car produced by Fiat. It has been produced in various countries. It replaced the Fiat Duna in 1996.


The Sword of Truth

The Sword of Truth is a series of thirteen epic fantasy novels written by Terry Goodkind. The book tells the story of Richard Rahl, Kahlan Amnell and Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander.

The series is published in more than 20 languages.

There is two prequels:

The main series is composed of:

A second series, which is the suite of the first (events in the series take place directly after the end of "Confessor"):


Kunio Kishida

Kishida studied French literature and modern drama at Tokyo Imperial University. In 1920, he went to Paris and studied the history of French drama.

In the 1920s, Kishida wrote dramas and novels.

In 1937, he founded the Literature Theatre Company ("Bungaku-za").

His name was given to the most famous prize for drama in Japan—the annual Kunio Kishida Award ("Kishida Kunio Gikyoku-shô").



Jerry Maguire

Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports movie. It stars Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Renée Zellweger. This movie got very positive reviews and became a strong success in the box office.

Jerry Maguire, a successful sports agent, has a life-changing realization about the dishonesty in his industry and decides to write a mission statement advocating for better client relationships. His company, Sports Management International (SMI), fires him, and Jerry and his protégé, Bob Sugar, compete to retain their clients. Jerry starts his own agency with the support of single mother Dorothy Boyd, but loses a top quarterback prospect to SMI. Jerry's relationship with his fiancée ends, and he grows closer to Dorothy and her son, Ray. Despite facing difficulties, Jerry focuses on his remaining client, Rod Tidwell, and eventually helps him secure an $11.2 million contract. The film ends with Jerry realizing Ray's potential in the sports industry and expressing his love for Dorothy.

Domestic partnership

A Domestic partnership is a contract between two people who live together. They live together in the same household, but are neither married, nor joined in what is called a civil union. The sex of the partners is not relevant. 

LGBT rights in the Republic of China

The Republic of China (Taiwan) is one of Asia's most tolerant countries as far as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBT) rights are concerned. The government proposed a bill in 2003 to make same-sex marriage legal. It has so far stalled without passage. If the law passes, the ROC would be the first country in Asia to allow same-sex marriages. In 2017, the ROC's Constitutional Court ruled that same-sex marriage should become legal within two years. The ROC is also described as the most liberal after over 30,000 people went to the Taiwan Pride parade in 2010 and 2011, making it the largest LGBT event in Asia. On May 17, 2019, the Legislative Yuan approved a bill, submitted by the Executive Yuan, recognising marriage for same-sex couples. The bill was signed into law by President Tsai Ing-wen on 22 May and went into effect on 24 May. Taiwan therefore became the first country in Asia to recognise same-sex marriage.


List of rivers of Mongolia

This is a list of notable rivers of Mongolia. They are arranged geographically by river basin.



Rivers draining into endorheic Uvs Lake, forming the drainage of the Uvs Lake Basin


List of rivers of Montenegro

This is a list of rivers in Montenegro:


List of rivers of Morocco

This is a list of streams and rivers in Morocco















List of rivers of Mozambique

This is a list of streams and rivers in Mozambique

Buzi River

Chindi River

Komati River

Limpopo River -
Luambala River -
Luangwa River -
Lugenda River -
Licungo River - 
Ligonha River -
Lurio River

Maputo River - Mazowe River - Manisi River - Messalo River - Matola River

Pungwe River

Ruvuma River

Save River (Africa) - Shire River

Zambezi River

Competition (economics)

In economics, the word competition means that there are at least two competitors (¨players¨) who want to get a share of a market. The market is divided between all the economic players; this means that if a player gets a higher market share, another player will get a smaller share of the market. In his work, The Wealth of Nations, Adam Smith says that all players uses the resources they have so that they will get the most profit from these resources. According to Smith, this encourages efficiency. 
Game theory looks at competition, from a mathematical point of view.


Note that competition does not necessarily involve different companies; in the 1920s, General Motors had divisions that overlapped, and that competed for resources. Procter & Gamble introduced the competition between different brands in the 1930s.

Also note that competition is limited: In some areas, there are monopolies, often granted by the state. The state may also apply taxes or pay subsidies as a way to protect its own economy.

Other factors that limit competition include the existence of cartels.

List of rivers of Myanmar

This is a list of rivers in Burma (Myanmar). This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.

The longest river of Myanmar is the Irrawaddy River. This river begins where the N'mai River and Mali River join.






Enver Pasha

Ismail Enver (Ottoman Turkish: اسماعيل انور) (November 22, 1881 ; in Istanbul - August 4, 1922 ; Tajikistan,later USSR), he was known to European powers as Enver Pasha (Turkish: Enver Paşa) or Enver Bey (Ottoman Turkish: انور پاشا or انور بیگ). As an Ottoman military officer he was a member of the Committee of Union and Progress and a leader of the Young Turk Revolution. He was given the nickname "The Hero of Liberty" ("Kahraman-i-Hurriyet"). He was the main leader of the Ottoman Empire in both Balkan Wars and World War I. He also helped Lenin in the 1917 Russian Revolution . He was also responsible for the Armenian genocide from 1915-1917 . Having turned against the revolution he died in August 1922 in the Russian Civil War, he died of machine gun fire from an Armenian soldier in Tajikistan in a unknown location before the USSR was created on 30 December 1922 .

As the Ottoman Minister of War during World War I from 1914 to 1918 he was defeated in battle against Russia.

By his marriage toEmine Naciye Sultanv, a granddaughter of sultan Enver had:

His widow remarried his brother Mehmed Kamil Killigil (1900–1962) in 1923, and had one daughter: 


List of rivers of Namibia

This is a list of streams and rivers in Namibia. They are arranged by where the river drains. There is list by letter at the end.




List of rivers of Nepal

This is a list of rivers in Nepal. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.



Hotel Mario

Hotel Mario is a puzzle game developed by Fantasy Factory and published by Philips Interactive Media and Nintendo for the CD-i in 1994. The primary character of the game is Mario, who must find Princess Toadstool by going through seven Koopa hotels in the Mushroom Kingdom. Every hotel is divided into many levels, and what the player must do is close all doors on each level. Killing a Koopaling on the hotel's final level takes the player to the next building. After Nintendo decided not to have Philips create an add-on for the Super NES, they gave Philips permission to use five of their characters in games for Philips' CD-i. There wasn't a lot of time for the games to be developed and there was little funding. The games resulting from the license were widely criticized, with "Hotel Mario" being known as one of the worst "Mario"-centered games, due to the animation of the shutting doors, the non-working controls and especially known for the cutscenes that used full motion video. The CD-i was considered a commercial failure and the games became valuable because of their rarity.

The player controls Mario or his brother Luigi in two-player mode. The player has to complete all levels of the seven hotels in the game. The first six hotels contain 10 levels, and the last 2 hotels contains 15 levels. The player to shut every door before time runs out to get to the next level. The game does not show how to shut the doors. Elevators, which work differently depending on the hotel, let the player to go between the five floors of the level. The amount of points the player gets in the game will depend on how fast they can beat the level. Every stage has its own title screen, which is how the game can be saved. The screens are also used to enter hotel levels that were already played and the map of the Mushroom Kingdom, which allows the player to access any visited hotel.

While trying to close the doors, the player must avoid certain hazards. Mario will lose a life if he touches an enemy, runs out of time, runs off the edge of the floor he is on, or if all the doors are open. Enemies in the game are mostly regular "Mario" series creatures, such as Goombas, Koopas, Boos, and their variations. The opponent on the last level of each hotel is one of the Koopalings, who use different methods to try to kill Mario.

In his normal state, Mario can take one hit from an enemy and kill most of the monsters with a stomp. By opening doors, the player can find power-ups, which grant different powers. A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario, making Mario glow and have the strength to take two enemy hits. If the player finds another mushroom while Mario is in the Super Mario form, the item turns into a Fire Flower. When grabbing it, Mario becomes Fire Mario and can throw fireballs to kill enemies. A 1-up mushroom known as "Extra Mario Mushroom" or "Toad" can only be found by Fire Mario. Another way to earn an extra life is collecting 30 coins. The player can also get a Star Man, which makes Mario temporarily able to knock any enemy off the screen by simply touching them.
Bowser has turned the Mushroom Kingdom into a hotel resort for the use of himself and his children. The land is renamed "Klub Koopa Resort" because of this. Each hotel in the area is protected by one of the Koopalings and their henchmen. The hotels represent different building types with many different locations, including a tree, a mine and a cloud. When Mario and Luigi are invited to a picnic by Princess Toadstool, Mario and Luigi enter the Mushroom Kingdom. At the entrance, however, they find a message from Bowser. They find out that Bowser has taken control over the kingdom and established seven hotels there, at one of which Princess Toadstool is being held as a "permanent guest". As they visit the first six hotels, Mario and Luigi find the Princess many times, but on every occasion she disappears out of their sight, ending up in another hotel. They eventually enter another land where Bowser himself lives. With the hotel's owner killed, the brothers run away from the building with Princess Toadstool before it falls apart. The Princess, now able to rule her kingdom in peace, thanks the Mario brothers for saving her, giving them both a kiss.

In May 1991, after failing to develop a CD-ROM-based add-on for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System with Sony, Nintendo signed a deal with Philips to develop the add-on. However, after seeing the negative reviews of the Sega Mega-CD, Nintendo no longer considered the add-on profitable anymore, and the project was stopped entirely. As part of dissolving the deal, Nintendo gave Philips the license to use five of their characters, including Mario, Luigi, and Princess Toadstool, to be featured in their games for the CD-i. Philips used the characters to create games for the CD-i, with Nintendo taking no part in their development except to give comments on the look of the characters. The "Mario" characters were going to be used in "Super Mario's Wacky Worlds", but the game was cancelled with only some prototype versions being programmed. While "Wacky Worlds" was planned as a CD-i adaptation of the side-scrolling platformer video game "Super Mario World", "Hotel Mario" was made into a puzzle game in which level areas were limited to a single screen. Unlike the "Legend of Zelda"-related games also for the CD-i, the game was not developed by a third-party company, but by Philips' development team Fantasy Factory.

Many full motion video cutscenes were animated for "Hotel Mario". The videos show Mario and Luigi as they get to the next hotel, telling each other and giving hints to the player such as: "If you need instructions on how to get through the hotels, check out the enclosed instruction book!". The voices of the Mario Brothers were provided by Marc Graue, with Jocelyn Benford doing the voice-over for Princess Toadstool. On top of the full motion video capabilities of the CD-i, "Hotel Mario" made use of the system’s internal clock by showing messages that changed according to the date.

The backgrounds of the hotel stages were designed by freelance artist Trici Venola. After seeing "Hotel Mario"'s first version—which Venola called "mechanical" and "visually no fun"—she and art director Jeff Zoern decided to use elements from Disney and J. R. R. Tolkien to improve the game's visual style. Drawings of the stages were made out of several blocks, each of which featured one detail. The first item Venola created for all hotels was the door. Every building took one week to complete and was designed according to a specific theme. For example, a gothic design was used for Bowser's hotel.

Upon its release, "Hotel Mario" received negative reviews from video game magazines "Electronic Gaming Monthly" and "GamePro". Critics commented that "Hotel Mario"s gameplay was simple yet addicting. "GamePro", while calling the game fun, believed that it would soon bore players, and gave it a fun factor of 2.5 out of 5. When "Electronic Gaming Monthly" named Mario the greatest video game character in 2005, they considered "Hotel Mario" his most embarrassing moment. Similarly, it was considered as the worst Mario game of all time by ScrewAttack, who criticized the game for its audio and controls, as well as for being solely "based on shutting doors." GameDaily included "Hotel Mario" in its list of the worst games starring Nintendo mascots, stating its gameplay lacked identifiable Mario elements mainly used in the series. The game was also listed as the worst 2D platformer in the "Mario" series by N-Europe. The site found the Koopaling battles "uniquely bad", calling the game itself a "steaming turd".

IGN said that "Hotel Mario" was better than "The Legend of Zelda" titles, but noted that closing doors was not "a strong enough hook for an entire game." Chris Kohler of "Wired" magazine saw "Hotel Mario" as "a puzzle game with no puzzles", assuming it was one of the reasons why Nintendo was not impressed by the CD-ROM medium. The game was referred to as "craptastic" by GamesRadar and "little more than a really rubbish version of "Elevator Action"" by Eurogamer.

In its 1994 review, "GamePro" rated "Hotel Mario"'s graphics at 3.5 and sound at 4 out of 5, saying that "the only intriguing aspects of this game are the well-fashioned animated sequences." Years after the game was released, the cut scenes were also criticized among video game websites, and were called "outright terrifying" by 1UP.com. IGN described them as "abysmal" and "a bad flip-book of images printed out of Microsoft Paint. The quality of the voice acting was also questioned. Both 1UP.com and IGN thought the voices were unfitting for the characters and did not achieve the same playfulness as those of Mario and Luigi's current voice artist Charles Martinet. "Hotel Mario" was listed in the Top 20 Worst Mario Games of all time.

Greater flamingo

The greater flamingo ("Phoenicopterus roseus") is the most widespread species of the flamingo family. It is found in the wetlands areas of Africa, southwest Europe, and South Asia. This is the largest species of flamingo, averaging up to 5 feet tall, and weighing 8 lbs. Their wingspan is 4 to 6 feet. Greater flamingos live up to 20 years in the wild. Their diet consists of seeds, algae, and small invertebrates.

The bird lives in mudflats and shallow coastal lagoons with salt water. Using its feet, the bird stirs up the mud, then sucks water through its bill and filters out small shrimp, seeds, blue-green algae, microscopic organisms and molluscs. The greater flamingo feeds with its head down. Its upper jaw is movable and not rigidly fixed to its skull. It was the state bird of Junagadh State.

Bar-headed goose

The bar-headed goose ("Anser indicus") is a type of goose that lives in wetland areas in Central Asia. It has a light grey body, broad wings, and a white face and neck. Its name comes from the two stripes (or "bars") of dark feathers that wrap around the back of its head. Like other geese, its feet are webbed. They can get up to 2.5 feet long and weigh 6.5 pounds. They eat mainly grass, wheat, barley and rice.

The main physiological challenge of bar-headed geese is getting oxygen from thin air to their aerobic muscle fibres so they can fly at high altitudes. Flight is very metabolically costly at high-altitudes because birds need to flap harder in thin air to generate lift. 

Studies have found that bar-headed geese breathe more deeply and efficiently under low oxygen conditions, which serves to increase oxygen uptake from the environment. The haemoglobin of their blood has a higher affinity for oxygen compared to low-altitude geese.

Bar-headed geese have a slightly larger wing area for their weight than other geese, which is believed to help them fly at high altitudes. Birds at high-altitude still need to flap harder than lowland birds.

All this is relevant, since they fly through the high passes in the Himalayas when they migrate to & from the Indian subcontinent.

Müller's Bornean gibbon

The Müller's Bornean gibbon ("Hylobates muelleri"), also known as the grey gibbon, is a primate in the Hylobatidae family. The Muller's gibbon ranks among the smallest gibbons, weighing . It is about tall. The grey gibbons can live more than 40 years in captivity. They eat primarily fruit, leaves, flowers, and invertebrates.

Muller's gibbons can only be found in the tropical rainforest of the island Borneo.

Jorge Ricardo

Jorge Ricardo (born September 30, 1961 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a jockey of Thoroughbred horse racing, actually riding in Argentina, who became the all-time winningest rider in history on February 5, 2007. He has since been passed by Canadian-born, California-based rider Russell Baze.

Grey bamboo lemur

The grey bamboo lemur is also called the grey gentle lemur, or the eastern lesser bamboo lemur ("Hapalemur griseus"). This is the smallest of the bamboo lemurs. It lives mostly in bamboo forests in eastern Madagascar. It is normally active at dusk, eating bamboo leaves and shoots.

Grey bamboo lemurs grow up to long and weigh up to . The eastern lesser bamboo lemur has a dense, woolly coat that is grey to olive-grey on the upperparts, with chestnut-brown tinges on the head, shoulders, and sometimes the back.

Angola colobus

The Angola colobus ("Colobus angolensis") is an arboreal monkey that belongs to the "Colobus" genus. They have no thumbs, which is not normal among primates. This allows them to shape their fingers into a winging hook. They eat leaves, fruit, and seeds.

Angolan colobus monkeys have glossy, black fur covers much of the body, but contrasts with short, white hair surrounding the face, a u-shaped, cape-like mantle of long white hair that extends down the shoulders and across the lower back, and a bushy white tuft to the tip of the tail. Colobus monkeys typically can weigh 2 lbs and grow over 2 feet long. Their lifespan is 20 to 30 years in the wild.

Colobus monkeys live in the trees of the African savannah and tropical forests.

Léon: The Professional

Léon (full name Léon: The Professional) is a 1994 French action thriller movie directed by Luc Besson. The focus of "Léon" is assassination and the Mafia. The movie is set in New York City. Jean Reno plays the title role, a hitman. Natalie Portman co-stars as Matilda, a girl who is being taught to become an assassin. And Gary Oldman plays the main villain Norman Stansfield, a corrupt cop in the Drug Enforcement Administration and mafia leader who kills Matilda's family. "Léon" was released in the United States on November 18, 1994.

Chris Evert

Christine Marie "Chris" Evert (born 21 December 1954) is an American retired tennis player. 

Evert was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, a daughter of tennis player and coach Jimmy Evert.

Evert turned professional in 1972. In singles, she won the Australian Open in 1982 and 1984. She won the French Open in 1974, 1975, 1979, 1980, 1983, 1985 and 1986. She won Wimbledon in 1974, 1976 and 1981. She won the US Open in 1975, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1980 and 1982. In doubles, she won the French Open in 1974 and 1975, as well as Wimbledon in 1976. She retired in 1989.

She was engaged to Jimmy Connors in 1974. She married John Lloyd in 1979; they divorced in 1987. She married Andy Mill in 1988; they had three sons. She divorced him in 2006. She married Greg Norman in 2008; they divorced in 2009. She lives in Boca Raton, Florida. 

Senate of Chile

The Senate of Chile is the upper house of Chile's bicameral National Congress established in the Chilean constitution.



Laurie Metcalf

Laura Elizabeth "Laurie" Metcalf (born June 16, 1955) is an American movie and television series actress. She played Jackie Harris in the sitcom "Roseanne". She played Carolyn Bigsby in the sitcom "Desperate Housewives" She played Debbie Salt in "Scream 2". She played one of the characters in the "Toy Story" franchise. Metcalf received three Emmy Awards for her performance. She was born in Carbondale, Illinois. She was married to Jeff Perry. In 2018, she won a Tony Award.

Robert Herbert

Sir Robert George Wyndham Herbert (1831-1905) was the first Premier of Queensland. He was premier twice, the first time when Queensland became an independent colony, from 10 December 1859 to 1 February 1866 and then again from 20 July 1866 to 7 August 1866.

He was educated at Eton College and Balliol College, Oxford.

Lara Giddings

Larissa Tahireh Giddings (born 14 November 1972) was the 44th Premier of Tasmania. She became premier on 24 January 2011 when David Bartlett resigned. She is the first woman to be Premier of Tasmania, as well as the youngest woman elected to an Australian parliament.

On 15 March 2014, in the Tasmanian state election the Labor government led by Lara Giddings was defeated by the Liberals led by Will Hodgman.

Premier of Tasmania

The Premier of Tasmania is the head of the government in the Australian state of Tasmania. The political party which has the most support in the House of Assembly will nominate its leader to be Premier. The leader is then asked by the Governor of Tasmania to act as their principal adviser. 

Before the 1890s, there was no political party system in Tasmania. Before 1920 premiers were often appointed from the Legislative Council.

Bother

Bother may mean:


Bother (song)

"Bother" is the second single from the alternative metal band Stone Sour's first album "Stone Sour". It was originally released as a solo song by frontman Corey Taylor, but the billing was later changed to Stone Sour. The song was one of Stone Sour's first songs to put them into the mainstream. The cover features Taylor's hands and rings, one of them being a Spider-Man ring which is a reference to the song being featured on the soundtrack to the film "Spider-Man" (although the track is credited to Taylor as the performer not Stone Sour) and to Taylor being a fan of Spider-Man. The other has the number 8 on it, representing Taylor's number in Slipknot. Taylor has stated that the song is about when he moved back to Des Moines from Denver, where he hoped to try to move forward with his music.

Tan (disambiguation)

Tan may refer to:


Croup

Croup (or laryngotracheobronchitis) is a disease caused by a virus and leads to swelling inside the throat. This swelling causes problems with normal breathing. People with croup can have a "barking"cough, stridor (a high-pitched wheezing sound), and hoarseness. Croup often gets worse at night. Taking steroids by mouth can treat the condition. Sometimes epinephrine is used in more severe cases. Hospitalization is rarely required.

Doctors decide if a person has croup after they have eliminated other possibilities (for example, something in the throat). Blood tests, X-rays, and cultures are not needed. Croup is common. About 15% of children between 6 months and 5–6 years old get croup. Teenagers and adults rarely get croup.

The "barking" cough can sound like a seal or sea lion. Crying can make the wheezing worse; wheezing can mean that the airways are narrowed. As croup gets worse, the wheezing can be less. Other symptoms are fever, symptoms typical of the common cold, and the skin between the ribs pulling in when the child breathes. Drooling or a sick appearance can mean a different illness. The virus infection leads to swelling in the throat and air passages that make breathing difficult.

Most croup is caused by a virus infection. Some people call severe laryngotracheitis croup. This disease is caused by a milder virus. 

In 75% of cases, the parainfluenza virus, mainly types 1 and 2, causes croup. Other viruses that can cause croup include influenza A and B, measles, adenovirus and respiratory syncytial virus . Spasmodic croup (croup with barking) does not have the usual signs of infection, such as fever, sore throat, and increased white blood cell count). Treating spasmodic croup is the same as treating regular croup.

Bacterial croup includes laryngeal diphtheria, bacterial tracheitis, laryngotracheobronchitis, and laryngotracheobronchopneumonitis. "Corynebacterium diphtheriae" causes laryngeal diphtheria; bacterial tracheitis, laryngotracheobronchitis, and laryngotracheobronchopneumonitis come from a virus infection, followed by a bacteria infection. The most common bacteria that cause croup are"Staphylococcus aureus", "Streptococcus pneumoniae", "Hemophilus influenzae", and "Moraxella catarrhalis". These diseases caused by bacteria are more severe

Croup is diagnosed based on signs and symptoms. The first step is to make sure it is not another condition that can block the upper airway, especially epiglottitis (an inflammation of the tissue that covers the trachea or windpipe) , something in the airway, subglottic stenosis (narrowing of the airway below the vocal cords), angioedema (swelling underneath the skin), retropharyngeal abscess (pus in the back of the throat), and bacterial tracheitis (bacterial infection in the trachea).

An X-ray of the neck is not routine, but if it is done, it can show a narrowing of the trachea, called the steeple sign, because the narrow shape looks like a church steeple. The steeple sign does not appear in half of cases.

Blood tests and viral cultures (tests for the virus) can irritate the airway. Cultures of the virus, obtained by nasopharyngeal aspiration (using a tube to suck mucus out of the nose), are used to confirm the exact cause. These cultures are used by people doing research. If a person does not improve with standard treatment, further tests can be done to check for bacteria.

Severity

The most common system for describing the severity of croup is the Westley score. This test is used for research, but does not help the person with croup. Points are given for five factors: level of consciousness, cyanosis (blue skin coloring), stridor (wheezing), air entry, and skin on the chest pulling in. The table lists the points given for each factor; the final score ranges from 0 to 17.


85% of children going to the emergency department have mild disease. Severe croup is rare–less than 1% of cases.

Immunization (vaccines) for influenza and diphtheria can prevent croup.

It is important to keep children with croup as calm as possible. Children often are given steroids, but epinephrine is used in severe cases. If the blood oxygen is under 92%, the child needs oxygen. People with severe croup can be hospitalized for observation. If oxygen is needed, "blow-by" administration (holding an oxygen source near the face of the child) is better than an oxygen mask, because it is less likely to upset a child than an oxygen mask. With treatment, less than 0.2% of people need endotracheal intubation (a tube placed into the airway).

Corticosteroids, such as dexamethasone and budesonide, can be used to treat croup. People begin to improve a lot within six hours after taking steroids. Steroids work when given by mouth, injection, or breathing them in, but taking them by mouth is best. Most of the time, a single dose is enough. Dexamethasone at doses of 0.15, 0.3 and 0.6 mg/kg appear to be all equally good.

Moderate to severe croup can be helped with nebulized epinephrine(an inhaled solution that widens the airway). While epinephrine reduces croup severity within 10–30 minutes, the benefits last for only about 2 hours. If symptoms improve for 2–4 hours after treatment and no other complications happen, the child typically can leave the hospital.

There is not enough evidence that other treatments for croup are helpful. Clinical studies do not show that breathing hot steam or humidified air is helpful and it rarely is used. Medical professionals do not want people to use cough medicines, which containdextromethorphan and/or guiafenesin. Clinical studies also do not support inhaling heliox (a mixture of helium and oxygen) to make it easier to breath. Since most cases of croup are viral diseases, antibiotics are not used unless bacteria are also suspected. The antibiotics vancomycin and cefotaxime are recommended for bacterial infections. In severe cases associated with influenza A or B, the anti neuraminidase inhibitors can be given.

Croup caused by a virus is usually a short-term disease. Croup rarely causes death from respiratory failure and/or cardiac arrest. Symptoms improve within two days, but can last for up to seven days. Uncommon complications include bacterial tracheitis (infection of the trachea), pneumonia (lung infection), and pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs).

About 15% of children between the ages of 6 months and 5–6 years will get croup. Croup accounts for about 5% of hospital admissions for this age group. In rare cases, children as young as 3 months and as old as 15 years have croup. Males are affected 50% more frequently than are females. Croup is more common in autumn.

The word "croup" comes from the Early Modern English verb "croup," meaning "to cry hoarsely". The name was first used for the disease in Scotland. Diphtheritic croup has been known since the time of Homer's Ancient Greece. In 1826, Bretonneau distinguished croup from a virus and croup due to diphtheria. The French called croup from a virus "faux-croup," using "croup" for a disease caused by the diphtheria bacteria. Croup due to diphtheria is now nearly unknown since most people are immunized.

List of rivers of the Netherlands

These are the main rivers of The Netherlands. All of the Netherlands is drained into the North Sea. At the end of this article the rivers of the Netherlands are listed by the letter.












Aa, Afgedamde Maas, Amer, Amstel, Beneden Merwede, Bergse Maas, Berkel, Bijlands Kanaal, Boven Merwede, Dieze, Dinkel, Dintel, Dommel, Dordtsche Kil, Ems, Geleenbeek, Gender, Geul, Gouwe, Grevelingen, Haringvliet, Hollands Diep, Hollandse IJssel, IJssel, Jeker, Keeten-Mastgat, Krammer, Kromme Rijn, Lauwers, Lek, Linge, Mark, Meuse, Nederrijn, Niers, Nieuwe Maas, Nieuwe Merwede, Nieuwe Waterweg, Noord, Oosterschelde, Oude IJssel, Oude Maas, Oude Rijn, Pannerdens Kanaal, Regge, Rhine, Rotte, Rur, Scheldt, Scheur, Schie, Schipbeek, Spaarne, Spui, Steenbergse Vliet, Swalm, Vecht (Overijssel), Vecht (Utrecht), Vliet, Voer, Volkerak, Waal, Western Scheldt, Wurm, Zaan, Zwarte Water

List of rivers of New Zealand

This is a list of rivers in New Zealand. In a small number of cases, there are multiple rivers with the same name; in these cases the notation "(#)" shows the number of rivers sharing the same name.
























List of rivers of Nicaragua

Most of the rivers in Nicaragua are on the Caribbean coast and empty out into the Caribbean Sea. The Río San Juan is one of the most important rivers in Nicaragua. It borders Costa Rica and connects the Caribbean Sea to Lake Cocibolca which flows out to the Pacific Ocean.

This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.




Christopher Showerman

Christopher Frederick Showerman (born June 24, 1971) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing George in "George of the Jungle 2", taking over from Brendan Fraser.


List of rivers of Nigeria

This is a list of rivers in Nigeria


Benue River – Bonny River

Calabar River – Chanomi Creek – Cross River

Donga River

Ekulu River – Escravos River

Forcados River

Gadar Tamburawa River – Gongola River – Goulbi de Maradi River – Great Kwa River

Hadejia River

Imo River

Jama'are River

Ka River – Kaduna River – Katsina Ala River – Kwa Ibo River

New Calabar River – Ngadda River – Niger River – Nun River

Ogun River – Ogunpa River – Oramiriukwa River – Oshun River – Otamiri River – Ouémé River

Rima River

Sokoto River

Taraba River

Yobe River

Zamfara River

San'yōdō

"San'yōdō" was one of the main circuits of the "Gokishichidō" system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "San'yōdō", remained cultural markers.

"San'yōdō" is the southern part of southern Honshū. The region is on the Seto Inland Sea. It has includes eight ancient provinces, including

The lands of four prefectures is in the region of "San'yōdō": Hiroshima, Hyōgo, Okayama and Yamaguchi.

The modern national highway, Route 2, the San'yō Expressway, and the San'yō Main Line of the West Japan Railway Company, follow the approximate route of the San'yōdō.


List of rivers of Norway

The following are the 20 longest rivers of Norway ranked by length (in miles):


Other rivers include:


List of rivers of Oman

The following is a list of rivers and wadis in the Sultanate of Oman. They are arranged by where the river drains.





List of rivers of Palau

This is a list of the rivers of Palau, all of which are on Babeldaob. They are listed in clockwise order, starting at the north end of the island. Alternate names are given in parenthesis.



List of rivers of Panama

This is a list of rivers in Panama. The list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.




George Graham (clockmaker)

George Graham (1673 in Cumberland, England - November 16, 1751, London) was an English watchmaker and inventor. .He was a member of the British Royal Society. He was a close friend of the well known clockmaker Thomas Tompion. Graham invented many improvements to the pendulum clock. He invented the mercury compensating pendulum.

George Graham (footballer)

George Graham (born 30 November 1944) is a Scottish former football player and manager.

!Total||12||3

List of rivers of Niger

This is a list of rivers in Niger

Atakora River

Goulbi de Maradi River

Mékrou River

Niger River

Sirba River

Tapoa River

Vallée de l'Ahzar

Yobe River

George Graham

George Graham may mean:


San'indō

"San'indō" was one of the main circuits of the "Gokishichidō" system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "San'indō", remained cultural markers.

"San'indō" is the northern part of southern Honshū. The region is on the Sea of Japan. It is a geographic region which has eight ancient provinces, including

The lands of three prefectures is in the region of "San'indō": Kyoto, Hyōgo and Tottori.

Today, Route 9, the San'in Expressway, and the San'in Main Line of the West Japan Railway Company follow the approximate route of the San'indō.


List of rivers of Oceania

This is a list of rivers in Oceania.








List of rivers of Paraguay

This is a list of rivers in Paraguay. This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 



Otitis

Otitis means inflammation or infection of the ear. It can happen in both humans and other animals. It can affect different parts of the ear:

Symptons include ear wax, ear-ache and headaches. It often affects sinuses and throat also.

Scientists have found signs of ear infections in the bones of humans who lived 15,000 years ago.

List of rivers of Peru

This is a list of rivers that are at least partially in Peru. Lengths are according to INEI.

This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. Rivers longer than 400 miles are in bold.






Synovial fluid

Synovial fluid is viscous non-Newtonian fluid within the cavities of synovial joints. Synovial means "yolk like". The principal role for synovial fluid is to reduce friction between the articular cartilage of the joints during movement.

Cracking joints

Cracking joints consist of the action of moving joints to the point of producing popping or cracking sounds. This commonly occurs during deliberate knuckle cracking. This usually happens in the fingers. However, it can also happen in hips, wrists, elbows, ankles, knees and toes, particularly if they are moved into unusual positions. Cracking or popping usually happens due to cavitation within the joints, in particular cavitation related to synovial fluid.

Premier of South Australia

The premier of South Australia is the head of the South Australian government. They are the leaders of the political party which has a majority of the seats in the Legislative Assembly. Before the 1890s when there was no formal party system in South Australia, politicians usually held liberal or conservative beliefs. The liberals dominated government from 1893 to 1905 with Labor support, with the conservatives mostly in opposition. Labor took government with the support of eight liberals in 1905 when Labor gained more seats than the liberals. The rise of Labor meant the other groups began to become anti-labor parties. The conservatives merged with the Liberal and Democratic Union (formed in 1906) to become the Liberal Union in 1910. No "country" or rural conservative parties have lasted in South Australian state politics. 

Labor formed South Australia's first majority government after winning the 1910 state election. This was two weeks after federal Labor formed Australia's first majority government after winning the 1910 federal election. 

The first six Governors of South Australia ran the government from 1836 until responsible government was began in 1856.

Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy

The "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" is a dance for a ballerina. It is the third movement in "The Nutcracker pas de deux". This "pas de deux" is from Act 2 of the 1892 ballet "The Nutcracker". It is danced by the principal female dancer. The number was choreographed by Lev Ivanov to music written by Tchaikovsky. 

Choreographer Marius Petipa wanted the Sugar Plum Fairy's music to sound like "drops of water shooting from a fountain". Tchaikovsky found the ideal instrument to do this job in Paris in 1891. It was then that he came across the recently invented "celesta". This instrument looked like a piano. It sounded like bells. Tchaikovsky wrote, "[The celesta is] midway between a tiny piano and a Glockenspiel, with a divinely wonderful sound." He wanted to use the celesta in "The Nutcracker". He asked his publisher to buy one. He wanted to keep the purchase a secret. He did not want other Russian composers to "get wind of it and ... use it for unusual effects before me." 

Tchaikovsky introduced the "celesta" to Russian music lovers on 19 March 1892 when the "Nutcracker Suite" was performed for the Russian Musical Society in St. Petersburg. The instrument is forever identified with the Sugar Plum Fairy. It is heard in other parts of Act 2 of "The Nutcracker" besides the Sugar Plum Fairy's dance. The "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" is one of the ballet's best known musical numbers. It is often "jazzed up" for television commercials at Christmas time. 

There is little information about the Sugar Plum Fairy's original choreography. In the first performances the "presto" at the end of the dance was cut. According to Roland John Wiley, the dance appears to have consisted of short "pointe" steps, "petite batteries", and "attitudes" in various combinations. He describes the dance as having "a sense of dynamic build up: from delicate angularity ... to circular shapes, to plainer but more virtuoso movements"pirouettes" to "rounds de jambe"near the end." 

The first Sugar Plum Fairy was Antonietta Dell'Era. She was a good technician, but Tchaikovsky's brother Modest described her as pudgy and unattractive. Although the Sugar Plum Fairy is the "prima ballerina" of "The Nutcracker", she has very little dancing to do. This was a considered a major defect among early critics. Dell'Era tried to expand the role of the Sugar Plum Fairy in later performances by putting a gavotte by Czibulka into the score. 


Black-and-white ruffed lemur

The black-and-white ruffed lemur ("Varecia variegata") is a threatened species native to the eastern coasts of Madagascar. Including the tail, black-and-white ruffed lemurs are one of the largest of the lemurs in the world, being 4 feet tall and weighing 10 pounds. They can live up to 18 years in captivity. Like all ruffed lemurs, they get their name from the thick fur that surrounds their whole head.

Black-and-white ruffed lemurs mainly eat fruits, leaves, seeds and nectar, and insects. In captivity, some zoos will include biscuits to their meals.

Pear (color)

Pear is a pale chartreuse yellowish color that looks like the color of the outer surface of Anjou or Bartlett pears. 



Lycopod

The Lycopods (Lycopodiophyta or Lycophyta) are the oldest surviving vascular plant division. This is a subdivision of the plant kingdom. Its earliest fossils are from 428–410 million years ago.

The Lycopods include some of the most primitive (basal) living species. They reproduce by shedding spores and have macroscopic alternation of generations. Members of Lycopodiophyta have a protostele, and the sporophyte generation is dominant.

Lycopods differ from all other vascular plants in having microphylls, leaves that have only a single vein rather than the much more complex megaphylls found in ferns and seed plants.

The lycopods, or club mosses, are the main plants in the Carboniferous rain forests. They were only partly eaten by insects and other life-forms. Mostly they formed swamplands which in the course of time became coal measures. In fact most of the coal from the Carboniferous period comes from these swamplands.

There are around 1,200 living species of Lycopodiophyta; they are generally divided into three orders. There are also some extinct groups. There are different opinions as to how the whole group should be classified. Living groups are:


Marie Bashir

Dame Marie Roslyn Bashir (born 1 December 1930) is the 37th Governor of New South Wales, and the first woman to hold the position. She was appointed on 1 March 2001. She was born in Narrandera, New South Wales, and later went to the Sydney Girls High School. She studied medicine and surgery at the University of Sydney, graduating in 1956. She worked in mental health, and became the Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Sydney. She was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1988 for her services to child and adolescent health.

From 1957 until his death in 2018, Bashir was married to former Sydney Lord Mayor Sir Nicholas Shehadie.

Cecil Woodham-Smith

Cecil Blanche Woodham-Smith ("née" Fitzgerald; 29 April 1896 – 16 March 1977) was a British historian. She wrote "The Great Hunger" about the history of the Potato Famine in Ireland. She was critical of the British government's handling of the famine in the book. She was particularly critical of Charles Edward Trevelyan, the man who ran the British government's relief effort in Ireland, and accused him of having anti-Irish racial sentiments.

Solenn Colléter

Solenn Colléter is a French novelist born in Paris in 1974. Graduate from "École nationale de l'aviation civile" ("French civil aviation university" ; promotion 1993), she is the author of "Je suis morte et je n’ai rien appris" ("I am dead and I learned nothing" ; "Éditions Albin Michel") about hazing in university studies.



Surrogacy

Surrogacy means getting pregnant and carrying a child for other persons/person who will become the child's parents\parent after their birth. Some reasons why people may look for surrogacy is if a single man wants a child, pregnancy is too much of a risk, or if a woman can't have children through their own pregnancy. The carrier of the children is called a surrogate mother.

It may or may not involve monetary arrangements between the surrogate and the biological parents. In some countries like China, Japan, Germany and France it is considered illegal. In Australia and New Zealand commercial surrogacy is an offence. India is the main destination for this as surrogacy here is cheaper.


Manicouagan crater

The Manicouagan crater is one of the oldest known impact craters. It is in the Côte-Nord region of Québec, Canada.

It was caused by the impact of a diameter asteroid about 215.5 million years ago, in the Upper Triassic.

The crater is a multiple-ring structure about across. Its inner ring is its most prominent feature. This is a diameter annular lake, the Manicouagan Reservoir, surrounding an inner island plateau. It is the earth's fifth largest confirmed impact crater.

The Manicouagan crater may have been part of a multiple impact event which also formed the Rochechouart crater in France, Saint Martin crater in Manitoba, Obolon' crater in Ukraine, and Red Wing crater in North Dakota. The five craters form a chain, indicating the breakup and subsequent impact of an asteroid or comet, like the impacts of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 on Jupiter in 1994.

Laser argon-argon dating of the glass formed by the impacts, and stratigraphic evidence, support an age of 215 ± 25 mya. The impact places have moved far apart in the intervening 214 million years. Three of the craters—Rochechouart, Manicouagan and Saint Martin—formed a chain at latitude 22.8° N, while Obolon' and Red Wing lay on identical declination paths with Rochechouart and Saint Martin respectively. All of the craters had previously been known and studied, but their paleoalignment had never before been demonstrated. The chance that these craters could be aligned like this accidentally are nearly zero.

−1 (number)

In mathematics, −1 (negative one or minus one) is the additive inverse of 1. That is, if it is added to 1, the result is 0. It is the negative integer greater than negative two (−2) and less than 0.

−1 has some similar properties as positive one. But some are different.

−1 is related to Euler's identity. This is because the identity states formula_1

In computer science, −1 is a common initial value for integers. It is also used to show that a variable has no useful information.

Multiplying a number by −1 is the same as changing the sign on the number. This can be proved using the distributive law and the axiom at 1 is the multiplicative identity, that is, a number multiplied by 1 is the number itself. So, for x real, we have

where we used the fact that 0 multiplied by any real number x equals 0, shown by cancellation from the equation

In other words,

so (−1) · "x" or −"x" is the arithmetic inverse of "x".

The square of −1, i.e. −1 multiplied by −1, equals 1. So, a square of negative real numbers is positive.

To prove this with algebra, start with the equation

The first equality follows from the above result. The second follows from the definition of −1 as additive inverse of 1, that is, when added to 1, it gives 0. Now, using the distributive law, we see that

The second equality follows from the fact that 1 is a multiplicative identity, that is : formula_7. But now adding 1 to both sides of this last equation means

The above arguments hold in any ring. Ring is a concept of abstract algebra generalizing integers and real numbers.

The complex number "i" satisfies "i" = −1. So it is a square root of −1. The only other complex number "x" for which the equation "x" = −1 holds is −"i". In the algebra of quaternions, which has the complex plane, the equation "x" = −1 has an infinity of solutions.

A non-zero real number can have a negative number as its power. We define that "x" = 1/"x". This means a number raised to a power of −1 is equal to the reciprocal of that number. The exponential law "x""x" = "x" for a,b non-zero real numbers is true even if a or b is negative.

There are many ways that −1 (and negative numbers in general) can be represented in computer systems. The most common is as two's complement of their positive form. In standard binary representation, this can also represent a positive integer.

List of iCarly episodes

Below is a list of episodes of U.S. sitcom iCarly by Nickelodeon. It premiered on September 8, 2007. Nickelodeon promoted many episodes including "iDo", "iHire an Idiot", "iPity the Nevel", "iDate Sam & Freddie", etc. as specials, despite them being regular episodes.

Japanese saw

The Japanese saw or is a type of saw used in woodworking. The saw cuts on the pull stroke (when the saw is pulled backwards), unlike many Western saws which cut on the push stroke (when the saw is pushed forward). 

There are several types of Japanese saws:




MD5

MD5 is a special algorithm, a mathematical process, used to make computer information secure and safe. MD5 stands for Message Digest, and was made to replace the MD4 standard. 

It is mainly used for security in database systems. The algorithm generates a unique hash code for every piece of data (strings, text etc.). Any change to the data, either deliberate or accidental, will mean the hash code will also change. By comparing the codes, it is easy to see if a change has been made. MD5 was invented by Ron Rivest of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1991. An MD5 hash code provides a 32-digit hexadecimal number. By 1996, methods were developed to break the security of an MD5 algorithm. This was done by getting another program to make the same hash number for different sets of data. MD5 is no longer considered acceptable for protecting against intentional malicious changes to data, but it is still considered OK to protect from accidental changes, for example single-bit changes caused by noise on a network connection. An MD5 hash could look like: 9c677286866aad38f8e9b660f5411814. This is the hash of the string "Wikipedia".

List of rivers of the Philippines

This is a list of rivers in the Philippines:



List of rivers of Poland

Following is a list of rivers, which are at least partially in Poland.

List of rivers of Portugal

This is a list of the rivers of Portugal. There are only rivers in Continental Portugal, and none in the islands of Madeira and the Azores.
























List of rivers of Puerto Rico

This is a list of rivers in Puerto Rico.






List of rivers of Romania

This is the list of longest rivers of Romania which entirely or partially flow through Romania.

The length represents only the part of the river that flows in Romania.


Pimenta

Pimenta might mean:

Tōsandō

"Tōsandō" was one of the main circuits of the "Gokishichidō" system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "Tōsandō", remained cultural markers. 

"Tōsandō" is in the central mountains of northern Honshū. It is made of eight ancient provinces, including

After 711, Tōsandō was understood to include Musashi province.

The lands of many prefectures are in the region of "Tōsandō": Akita, Aomori, Fukushima, Fiu, Gunma, Iwate, Miyagi, Nagano, Shiga and Tochigi prefectures.


Mass gathering medicine

Mass Gathering Medicine is a field of medicine which deals with health effects/risks of mass gatherings, that generate a higher incidence of injury and illness, may be the subject to a catastrophic accident or attack with large numbers of injured or dead persons.

Such factors as the weather, duration of the event, movement of the crowd, containment of the event (fenced/contained or not), availability of alcohol/drugs, the density of the crowd et al., possibility for spreading of communicable diseases all influence the health care at mass gatherings.

Purposes of Mass Gathering Medical Services at an event are: rapid access to the injured or ill patients, effective stabilizing and transporting injured or ill patients, on-site care for minor injuries and illnesses. Mass gathering medicine support requires planning.

The World Health Organization supports Member States hosting mass gatherings.

List of rivers of Russia

Russia can be divided into a European and an Asian part. The dividing line is generally considered to be the Ural Mountains and the Caspian Sea. The European part is drained into the Arctic Ocean, Baltic Sea, Black Sea and Caspian Sea. The Asian part is drained into the Arctic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.

Notable rivers of Russia in Europe are the Volga, Don, Kama, Oka and the Northern Dvina.

In Asia, important rivers are the Ob, Irtysh, Yenisey, Angara River, Lena, Amur, Yana, Indigirka and Kolyma. 

In the list below, the rivers are grouped by the seas or oceans into which they flow. 

There is list by letter of rivers at the end of this article. 

The rivers in this section are sorted east to west.

The rivers in this section are sorted south-west to north-east.

The rivers in this section are sorted west to east.

The rivers in this section are sorted west to east.



The rivers in this section are sorted west to east.

The rivers in this section are sorted north to south.


Abakan, Alazeya, Aldan, Aley, Amga, Amur, Anabar, Anadyr, Angara River, Angrapa, Anyuy (Kolyma), Anyuy (Amur), Argun, Avacha, Barguzin, Bashkaus, Belaya, Berezayka, Bityug, Biya, Bolshaya Belaya, Bureya, Chagoda, Chebdar, Cheptsa, Chernaya, Chulym (Ob), Chulyshman, Chusovaya, Daugava/Western Dvina, Dep, Desna, Dnieper/Dnipro, Don, (Seversky) Donets, Dubna

Ilek, Indigirka, Ingoda, Instruch, Iokanga, Irkut, Irtysh, Iset, Ishim, Istra, Izhora, Kama, Kamchatka, Kashinka, Kasplya, Katanga, Katun, Kazanka, Kerzhenets, Ket, Khatanga, Kheta, Khopyor, Kirenga, Klyazma, Kolva (Usa), Kolva (Vishera), Kolyma, Kondurcha, Kosovka, Kosovoy, Kostroma, Kotorosl, Kotuy, Krasnaya River, Kuban, Kubr, Kuma, Kunya, Laba, Lama, Lava/Łyna, Lena, Lovat, Lower Tunguska, Luga

Malka, Manych, Maya, Mezen, Mga, Miass, Mius, Moksha, Mologa, Moskva, Msta, Mulyanka, Nadym, Nara, Narva, Neglinnaya, Nemunas/Neman, Nercha, Nerl (Klyazma), Nerl (Volga), Neva, Niva, Northern Dvina, Nyuya, Ob, Oka (Volga), Oka (Angara River), Olenyok, Olyokma, Om, Omolon, Onega, Onon, Oredezh, Osuga, Oyat, Pakhra, Pasha, Parabel, Pechora, Pinega, Pissa, Plava, Podkamennaya Tunguska, Podkumok, Pola, Polist, Polota, Ponoy, Pra, Pregolya, Protva, Pur, Pyasina, Ravan, Ruza, Sakmara, Sal, Samara, Seim, Selemdzha, Selenga, Sestra River (Leningrad Oblast), Sestra River (Dubna), Šešupė, Setun, Sheksna, Shelon, Shilka, Shosha, Sudost, Sukhona, Sura, Svir, Sviyaga, Syas, Sylva

Tavda, Tara, Taz, Terek, Tetere, Teza, Tigoda, Tobol, Tom (Ob), Tom (Zeya), Tosna, Tsna River (Moksha basin), Tsna River (Mstino Lake basin), Tumen, Tura, Turukhan, Tvertsa, Tym, Tyung, Uda (Buryatia), Uda (Khabarovsk Krai), Ufa, Uftyuga, Ugra, Unzha, Upa, Upper Angara River, Ural, Usa, Ussuri, Uver, Uzola, Vaga, Vakh, Valdayka, Varzuga, Vasyugan, Velikaya, Vetluga, Vilyuy, Vishera (Volkhov), Vishera (Vychegda), Vishera (Kama), Vitim, Volchya (Vuoksi), Volga, Volkhov, Vologda, Voronezh, Voronya, Vuoksi, Vyatka, Vyazma, Vychegda, Vytegra, Yana, Yauza, Yegoshikha, Yomtsa, Yenisei, Yug, Yuryuzan, Zeya

List of rivers of Rwanda

This is a list of streams and rivers in Rwanda

Kagera River

Ruzizi River

List of rivers of Saint Kitts and Nevis

This is a list of rivers of Saint Kitts and Nevis. Only Cayon and Wingfield are permanent rivers, all other streams listed are not permanent.




List of rivers of Saint Lucia

This is a list of rivers of Saint Lucia. Rivers are listed in clockwise order, starting at the north end of the island.



List of rivers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

This is a list of rivers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Rivers are listed in clockwise order, starting at the north end of the island.



List of rivers of Serbia

This is a list of the major rivers of Serbia.

The lengths in the table present the overall lengths of the rivers, not just the Serbian parts of the flow. 

List of rivers of Sierra Leone

This is a list of rivers in Sierra Leone

Kolenté River

Little Scarcies River

Mano River - Moa River

Rokel River

Sierra Leone River

List of rivers of Singapore

The small island nation of Singapore has few rivers that are very long. The longest, the Kallang River, is only 10 km in length. 





Administrator of the Northern Territory

The Administrator of the Northern Territory is the person selected by the Governor-General of Australia to act as the governor of the Northern Territory of Australia. The selection of Administrator is made by the Governor-General-in-Council, that is, the Governor-General acting on the "advice" of the Australian government, not the advice of the Government of the Northern Territory.

The Northern Territory became self-governing on 1 July 1978. Now the Governor-General-in Council accepts a "recommendation" from the Northern Territory Government. Unlike an Australian State Governor, the Administrator does not represent the Queen in the Territory. They represent the Governor-General who is the Queen's representative in the Commonwealth. The Administrator's role is to govern the Territory under the law which gave it self-government. The Administrator's constitutional role is almost the same as a State Governor and can be considered the Queen's "indirect" representative in the Territory.

The office of the "Deputy of the Administrator" was created in 1997.

The present Administrator is Sally Thomas, AM.

The Northern Territory was part of South Australia from 1846 to 1912. The administrator was known as the Government Resident.

The Australian government took over control of the Northern Territory in 1912.

There was an experiment having an extra Government Resident (Central Australia) in Alice Springs based at The Residency. Alice Springs was known as Stuart Town from 1888 to 1933.

The office of the "Deputy of the Administrator" was established in 1997.


Spring bud

Spring bud is the color that used to be called "spring green" before the X11 web color spring green was formulated in 1987 when the X11 colors were first invented. This color is now called "spring bud" to avoid confusion with the web color.

The color spring bud is also called soft spring green or spring green (traditional).

The first written use of "spring green" as a color name in English (meaning the color that is now called "spring bud") was in 1766.



List of rivers of Slovakia

This is a list of the major rivers that flow through Slovakia and their lengths.



List of rivers of Slovenia

This is a list of rivers of Slovenia. This list is arranged by where the river drains.



Septicemic plague

Septicemic (or septicaemic) plague is a deadly blood infection. It is one of the three main forms of plague (the other two being the bubonic and penumonic). It is caused by the bacterium "Yersinia pestis".

Septicemic plague can cause the blood to form small blood clots through the body. Without treatment it is almost always fatal. The death rate in medieval times was 99-100 percent. Septicemic plague is the rarest of the three plagues that struck Europe in 1348, the other forms are bubonic and pneumonic plague. This disease is caused mainly by the bite of an infected rodent or insect. In rare cases it can also enter the body through an opening in the skin or by cough from another infected human. 

In septicemic plague the bacteria grow quickly in the blood, causing severe sepsis. The endotoxins cause disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC). This is tiny clots of blood throughout the body which stops the blood getting to some areas. This causes the cells in the area to die. DIC uses up the bodies ability to make blood clot, so that it can no longer control bleeding. This means there is bleeding into the skin and other organs, which can cause red and/or black patchy rash and coughing up or vomiting of blood (hemoptysis/haemoptysis). There are bumps on the skin that look somewhat like insect bites. These bumps are usually red, and sometimes white in the center. Early treatment with antibiotics reduces the death rate to between 4 and 15 percent. People that get this disease must receive treatment in at most 24 hours or they will die. In some cases, people may even die on the same day they get the disease.


Note: Septicemic plague may cause death before any symptoms occur

The septicemic plague was the least common of the three plagues that occurred from 1348 to 1350. Like the others, the septicemic plague spread from the East through trade routes on the Black Sea and down to the Mediterranean Sea. Major port cities such as Venice and Florence were hit the hardest. The three plagues that are part of the Black Death were a major factor in the Peasant's Revolt of 1381.


Google Health - Plague<br>
HowStuffWorks - "Septicemic Plague"

Titian

Tiziano Vecellio (sometimes his last name is given as "Vecelli", born around 1490, in Pieve di Cadore near Belluno, died 27 August 1576 in Venice) was an Italian painter. His name in English is Titian. He was one of the leading painters of the 16th century Venetian school; he is also seen as one of the principal artists of High Renaissance painting of the 16th century. When he was alive, he was often called "Da Cadore", after his place of birth.

When he was active, the Republic of Venice had a Golden Age, and was well-off economically. Aged nine, Titian went to Venice. The brothers Gentile and Giovanni Bellini taught him how to paint. In 1513, he opened his own shop, and developed into a successful painter, known all over Europe. In 1533, Charles V made him a nobleman. He also obtained a job as a painter at the court of Charles V. In 1545, Pope Paul III invited him to come to Rome, in 1548 and 1550, Titian accompanied Charles V and his son, Philip II to the Diet of Augsburg. When Titian died of the Plague in the year 1576, he was an old man. He was also one of the most famous painters of Venetian history.

Titian was very productive: in total, he painted 676 works. He did portraits, landscapes, as well as themes from mythology and religious works. All his works are very colorful. This special use of color influenced other painters of the same period a great deal. His works influenced painters such as Peter Paul Rubens, Antoine Watteau and Eugène Delacroix.

Giorgione

Giorgio Barbarelli da Castelfranco ( born 1477 or 1478, died 1510) was a Venetian painter. He is commonly known as Giorgione. He died a little over 30, probably of the plague. Today, only about six paintings can be clearly attributed to him. This makes him one of the most mysterious painters of his time. Together with Titian he was one of the most influential painters of his period. He was one of the first Venitian Painters to use Oil Paints for a medium.


Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani

Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani (10 May 1940 – 30 May 2012) was a Moroccan economist and writer.

Hamza studied Aerospace engineering at "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (the French civil aviation university; promotion 1963) and was an economist graduate from "ENSAE ParisTech."

He is known as a writer. His work focuses on his hometown, Essaouira.

His first book, ""Une cité sous les alizés"" ("a city under the trade winds"), is a historical study of Mogador-Essaouira from prehistory to World War II. He then turned to fiction but retained a strong historical basis.

In ""Si Mogador m'était contée"" ("If Mogador could talk"), the old narrator, Lalla Aïcha, revives twenty stories from the ignored past of the city. ""Le Soldat qui venait de Mogador"" ("The soldier who came from Mogador") tells the story of the trip to Mecca of Si Taieb El Ech Chiadmi Maskali, in 1912. 

""Le Fils du Soleil"" ("Son of the Sun") is a historical novel that tells the amazing story of Mustapha Zemmouri, better known under the name Estevanico, who was a Moroccan from the Azemmour region, was kidnapped by a Spanish man as a slave and brought to America where he became one of the first discoverers of Arizona and New Mexico. 


Ivan Vsevolozhsky

Ivan Alexandrovich Vsevolozhsky (; 1835–1909) was a Russian diplomat, theatre director, librettist, and designer. He served as Director of the Imperial Theatres for Saint Petersburg from 1886 to 1899. He commissioned Tchaikovsky to compose the ballets "The Sleeping Beauty" (1890) and "The Nutcracker" (1892). He wrote the libretti for both ballets with Marius Petipa. Vsevolozhsky designed costumes and scenery for 25 operas and ballets. In 1899, he was appointed Director of the Hermitage Museum. He remained in this post until his death in 1909.

Troy McClure

Troy McClure is a character in The Simpsons voiced by Phil Hartman. He first appeared in the episode "Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment". McClure is a washed-up actor, usually shown doing low-level work, such as hosting infomercials and educational movies. He appears as the central character in "A Fish Called Selma", in which he marries Selma Bouvier to protect his career from failing and quash rumors about his personal life. McClure also 'hosts' two episodes named "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" and "The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase".

McClure was based on B movie actors Troy Donahue and Doug McClure as well as Hartman himself. Following Hartman's murder on May 28, 1998, the character no longer appeared on the show, making his final appearance in the tenth season in "Bart the Mother". McClure is often cited as one of the series' most popular characters; in 2006 IGN ranked him first on their list of the "Top 25 Simpsons Peripheral Characters".


Anton Graff

Anton Graff (18 November 1736 – 22 June 1813) was a Swiss painter, of the period called Classicism. He mostly did portrait painting. He was among the most important painters of his time.

Carolyn Mary Kleefeld

Carolyn Mary Kleefeld is an American artist and poet.
She has had numerous exhibitions and gallery and museum awards between 1981 and today in the major cities of the United States.
Since 1981, Ms. Kleefeld has created several paintings and drawings, ranging from romantic figurative to abstract.
Kleefeld was born in Catford, England, and moved to Southern California when she was a child. She currently lives in a cliffside house in Big Sur, California.

Kleefeld attended "UCLA" from 1974 to 1978, studying art and psychology.

"Climates of the Mind", her first book, a collection of poetry and philosophical aphorisms, was published in 1979.
In 2008, "Soul Seeds: Revelations & Drawings", a collection of Kleefeld’s aphorisms and drawings, was published by Cross-Cultural Communications in New York.

Kleefeld is an Honorary Member of IMMAGINE&POESIA, the artistic literary movement founded in Turin, Italy, with the patronage of Aeronwy Thomas (Dylan Thomas's daughter).


List of rivers of South Africa

This is a list of rivers of South Africa. 


List of rivers of South Sudan

This is a list of streams and rivers in South Sudan. They are arranged by where the river drains. There is a list by letter at the end of this article. 




List of rivers of Spain

This is a list of rivers that are at least partially in Spain. The rivers are grouped by sea or ocean. The rivers flowing into the sea are sorted along the coast. Rivers flowing into other rivers are listed by the rivers they flow into. Rivers that have their mouths in Portugal are given in italics.

The list begins in Catalonia at the French border and moves clockwise around the Iberian Peninsula.










List of rivers of Sri Lanka

The following is a list of rivers in Sri Lanka. Rivers shorter than are not included in this list.

List of rivers of Sudan

This is a list of streams and rivers in Sudan. They are arranged by where the river drains. There is list by letter at the end of this article.

Adda River, Sudan - Angereb River - Atbarah River

Bahr al-Arab - Barka River

Dinder River

Geni River

Ibrah River

Mareb River (Gash River)

Nile River

Rahad River

Tekezé River - Tiwal River

Umbelasha River

Wadi Howar - White Nile

Yabus River

The Dream of Gerontius

The Dream of Gerontius is a large musical work for choir: three solo singers and orchestra composed by Edward Elgar. It was composed and first performed in 1900. It is an oratorio, although Elgar did not like it being called an “oratorio”, but this is how it is usually described. It is usually thought of as the best choral work Elgar ever wrote.

The words are from a poem by John Henry Newman. They are supposed to be the words of a man called Gerontius who is dying. He imagines what is going to happen to him when he dies: how he will meet God who will judge whether he has been good enough to go to heaven. The angel speaks to him in the poem. There is also a priest, and a short solo for the Angel of Agony. The work is in two parts. Part I is about 40 minutes long and Part II lasts about an hour.

The work was composed for the Birmingham Music Festival of 1900 and the first performance took place on 3 October 1900, in Birmingham Town Hall. There were problems at the first performance: the chorus master died while the work was being learned. Some of the music sounded strange to the choir who found it very difficult. The soloists were not very good, and it was difficult for the conductor, Hans Richter (who was an excellent conductor) to stop the choir from singing out of tune. Richter had not had time to prepare the work properly: he was only given the full score on the day before the first rehearsal. The next year the work was performed in Germany where it was well received.

Another reason why it was slow to become popular in England was that the ideas in the poem were from the Roman Catholic teaching (John Henry Newman was a Roman Catholic Cardinal). This meant that a lot of Anglican cathedrals did not want it to be performed, so changes were made to the text. This new version was used for performances at the Three Choirs Festival until 1910. It quickly became popular in England. It was performed in Chicago and New York in 1903, and then in many other cities.

A few years earlier it had been suggested to the Birmingham Festival that Antonín Dvořák should be commissioned to compose a work on “The Dream of Gerontius”. They decided that the work was “too catholic”.

There are three solo singers in the work. The most important is the tenor soloist who sings the words spoken by the dying Gerontius. There is also a bass who sings the Priest, and a mezzo-soprano who sings the part of the angel. The Angel of the Agony can be sung by the same bass who sings the Priest. The choir sometimes divides into two, and sometimes there is a small group of upper voices called the “semi-chorus”.

Newman's poem tells the story of a soul's journey through death. It is thinking about the unseen world of Roman Catholic theology. The name Gerontius comes from the Greek word "geron", "old man". The name "Gerontius" is not sung in the work, and not everyone agrees on how it is pronounced. The Greek "geron" has a hard 'g' (like in “grass”), but English words that come from it often have a soft 'g', as in "geriatriac". Elgar did not use all the words of Newman’s poem. He leaves out a lot of the meditations in Part 2 which would otherwise have made it very long.

In the first part, we hear Gerontius who is very faithful to God. Sometimes he is frightened but at other times he is hopeful. A group of friends (also called "assistants" in the text) joins him in prayer and meditation. He passes in peace, and a priest, with the assistants, say farewell as he sets off on his journey. In the second part, Gerontius, now called "The Soul", wakes up in a place apparently without space or time, and becomes aware that his guardian angel is there. She is happy that her task (bringing Gerontius to God) is done (the angel in Newman’s poem is male, but Elgar makes the angel female, giving the part to a female singer). They have a long conversation after which they journey to the throne of judgement. They have to pass the demons. They meet a choir of angels who are praising god. The Angel of the Agony pleads with Jesus to spare the souls of the faithful. Finally Gerontius briefly sees God and is judged in a single moment. The Guardian Angel lowers Gerontius into the soothing lake of Purgatory, gives him a final blessing, and promises him he will wake up in glory.

Elgar scored the work for a large orchestra which includes, besides the usual instruments, piccolo, cor anglais, contrabassoon, harp and organ.

Although people usually describe it as an oratorio, it is not an oratorio in the traditional sense: there are no breaks in the music (except between the two parts), and it does not tell a story from the Bible.

The music is written in a late Romantic style which is clearly inspired by Wagner, especially by his opera Parsifal. The opening of “The Dream of Gerontius” is a long orchestral introduction which uses themes that are going to be important in the work. The music of the character Gerontius is sometimes in speech rhythm (similar to recitative) but often very lyrical. Elgar moves quickly from one style to the other. The chorus provides a wonderful reflection on what is happening. The chorus of angels singing “Praise to the Holiest in the Height” is particularly beautiful. The chorus of demons is very difficult to sing. Notably, the moment where Gerontius is judged by God does not feature the choir. Instead, the orchestra has crescendos until climax and then decrescendos.


Birmingham Town Hall

Birmingham Town Hall is a Grade I listed building for concerts and meetings in Victoria Square, Birmingham 1, England. It was built as a home for the Birmingham Triennial Music Festival which had started in 1784 in order to raise money for a hospital.

Between 2002 and 2008, it was refurbished into a concert hall and is now used for many different kinds of performances such as organ recitals, rock, pop and classical concerts and events such as graduation ceremonies for Aston University. It has a famous pipe organ which has 90 stops.

Chloë Grace Moretz

Chloë Grace Moretz (born February 10, 1997) in Atlanta, Georgia is an American model and actress. She lived until 2002 in Cartersville, Georgia, when she moved to New York City. Moretz has four older brothers: Trevor, Brandon, Colin, and Ethan. Her father, McCoy Moretz, was a plastic surgeon. Her mother, Teri Duke Moretz, is a nurse. Her acting career began in 2004. She has performed in many movies and television programs. These include "Desperate Housewives", "30 Rock", "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" , "Kick-Ass" and "Dark Shadows". Moretz got worldwide recognition for "Kick-Ass" as the character Mindy Macready (Hit-Girl). In 2013 Moretz played Carrie White in "Carrie". She was the main character in a movie for the first time.

Hex editor

A Hex editor is a piece of software that allows one to edit binary data on a computer. The name comes from the fact that such data is usually represented as hexadecimal numbers.

List of rivers of Suriname

This is a list of rivers in Suriname. This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 



List of rivers of Sweden

This is a list of the rivers of Sweden.

with Svartån


A-Z of Swedish rivers. The lengths in miles are also given:









List of rivers of Switzerland

The following is a list of rivers in Switzerland.

(> 100 km, only the length in Switzerland):

Switzerland is drained into four directions: 

Some rivers (like the Danube) do not flow through Switzerland themselves. They are list for having Swiss tributaries. They are given in "italics". 

Aar, Albula, Allaine, Arve, Birs, Birsig, Breggia, Broye, Diveria, Doubs, Drance, Emme, Hinterrhein, Inn, Julia, Kander, Kleine Emme, Landquart, Limmat, Linth, Lonza, Lütschine, Maggia, Mera, Orbe, Poschiavino, Reuss, Rhine, Rhône, Rom, Saane/Sarine, Sihl, Simme, Thielle, Thur, Ticino, Töss, Tresa, Venoge, Vispa, Vorderrhein, Wiese.


List of rivers of Syria

This is a list of rivers of Syria. Tributaries are listed under the river into which they flow.




List of rivers of Tanzania

This is a list of rivers in Tanzania. They are arranged by where the rivers flows. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 

A list by letters is given at the bottom of the article.





















Great Ruaha River

Kagera River - Kalambo River

Malagarasi River - Manonga River - Mara River

Rufiji River - Rurubu River - Ruvuma River - Ruvyironza River

Semu River - Sibiti River

Umba River (Tanzania)

Wami River - Wembere River

List of rivers of Togo

This is a list of streams and rivers in Togo. Togo's longest river is the Mono River.

List of rivers of Trinidad and Tobago

This is a list of rivers of Trinidad and Tobago. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. 








List of rivers of Turkey

This is a list of the rivers of Turkey.










List of rivers of Turkmenistan

This is a list of rivers of Turkmenistan. They are arranged by where the river flows.



List of rivers of Uganda

This is a list of streams and rivers in Uganda

Achwa River

Kabi River - Kagera River - Katonga River - Kazinga Channel - Kidepo River

Lamia River - Lugogo River

Mayanja River

Nile River - Nkusi River

Okot River - Ora River

Pager River


Victoria Nile

White Nile

List of rivers of Ukraine

This is a list of the major rivers that flow through Ukraine. Ukraine, a country on the continent of Europe, has many rivers. The most notable rivers of Ukraine include the: Danube, Dnieper, and the Dniester.

"Note: The following rivers are listed from west to east. Rivers listed in bold are either major rivers, or near or about 1,000 km. long.












Alma • Bazavluk • Bilozerka • Bug River • Byk • Bystrytsia • Cheremosh • Chorna • Danube • Desna • Dnieper • Dniester • Horyn • Inhul • Inhulets • Irpin

Kalchik • Kalmius • Kharkiv • Konka • Latoritsia • Lybid • Mius • Molochna • Oster • Poltva • Prut • Psel • Romen • Ros'

Salhir • Samara • San • Seret • Seversky Donets • Seym • Sluch • Snov • Southern Bug • Stryi • Stuhna • Styr • Sudost • Sula • Supiy

Teteriv • Tiasmyn • Trubizh • Tysmenytsia • Uchan-su • Uzh (Ukraine, Slovakia) • Uzh River (Northern Ukraine) • Vorskla • Vovk • Zolota Lypa • Zbruch


List of rivers of the United Kingdom

For details of rivers of the United Kingdom, see


List of main rivers of England

This is a list of rivers of England. It includes all the main rivers, but usually not the tributaries

This section includes all rivers entering the Irish Sea from England between the Scottish border and the Welsh border.

All rivers going into the Solway Firth, Irish Sea and Morecambe Bay from the Scottish border south to Silverdale on the Cumbria/Lancashire border.

Border Esk catchment

"The lowest reaches of the Esk are in England but most of the river is in Scotland whilst a short section is followed by the England/Scotland border. Tributaries of the Esk which are wholly in Scotland are omitted from this list but may be found at List of rivers of Scotland."
"Most upstream tributaries of the Esk are wholly in Scotland."

Eden catchment

Wampool catchment

Derwent catchment

Ehen catchment

Calder catchment

Cumbrian Esk catchment

Duddon catchment

Leven catchment

Kent catchment

All rivers discharging into the Irish Sea from Silverdale on the Cumbria/Lancashire border south to the Dee Estuary.

Keer catchment

Lune catchment

Alt catchment

Mersey catchment

The Dee and most of its tributaries arise in Wales. Though a section of it passes through England, it passes into Wales once again before discharging into the Irish Sea via the Dee estuary. For other rivers entering the Irish Sea and Cardigan Bay from Wales, see List of rivers of Wales. Only those tributaries of the River Dee which flow wholly or partly in England are listed here - for a complete list of the rivers and watercourses of the Dee catchment see List of rivers of Wales.

Dee catchment

"All further upstream tributaries of the Dee are wholly in Wales."

This section includes all rivers entering the Bristol Channel and the sea off the northern coasts of Devon and Cornwall which is referred to variously as the Southwest Approaches or Celtic Sea.

The lowermost Wye forms the boundary between England and Wales. Only those tributaries of the River Wye which flow wholly or partly in England are listed here - for a complete list of the rivers and watercourses of the Wye catchment and for other rivers entering the Bristol Channel from Wales see List of rivers of Wales.

Wye catchment

"All further upstream tributaries of the Wye are wholly in Wales."

The River Severn upstream of the M48 Severn Bridge. This section includes all tributaries of the Severn which lie wholly or partly in England. For tributaries of the Severn which lie partly or wholly within Wales, see List of rivers of Wales.

Severn catchment

With the exception of the Morda and parts of the Camlad, Tanat and Cynllaith all tributaries of the Severn and Vyrnwy upstream of their confluence are in Wales. They can be found here.

All English rivers discharging into the Mouth of the Severn and the Bristol Channel from the M48 Severn Bridge south and west to Morte Point, North Devon.

Bristol Avon catchment

Axe catchment

Brue catchment

Parrett catchment

Lyn catchment

Heddon, Umber & Wilder catchments

Rivers discharging into the Atlantic Ocean between Morte Point in North Devon and Land's End.

Taw catchment

Torridge catchment

Camel catchment

This section includes all rivers entering the sea along England's south coast.

All rivers discharging into the Atlantic Ocean between Land's End, Cornwall and Lyme Regis on the Devon/Dorset border.

Note that there are no watercourses named on either the 1:25,000 or 1:50,000 scale Ordnance Survey maps of the Isles of Scilly.

Helford catchment

Restronguet catchment

Fal catchment

St Austell River catchment

Par catchment

Fowey catchment

Looe catchment

Tamar catchment

Plym catchment

Erme & Avon catchments etc.

Dart catchment

Teign catchment

Exe catchment

Otter catchment

Sid catchment

Axe catchment

All rivers discharging into the English Channel between Lyme Regis on the Devon/Dorset border and Hayling Island on the Hampshire/Sussex border but excluding the Isle of Wight.

Brit catchment

Frome catchment

Piddle catchment etc.

Dorset Stour catchment

Hampshire Avon catchment

Test catchment

Itchen catchment

All rivers in the Isle of Wight - list taken anticlockwise from Cowes

Medina catchment etc.

Newtown River catchment

Western Yar catchment

Eastern Yar catchment etc.

Wootton Creek catchment etc.

All rivers discharging into the English Channel and Straits of Dover between Hayling Island on the Hampshire/Sussex border and Foreness Point at the northeast corner of Kent. This section includes the entire coast of Sussex and the south and east coasts of Kent.

Arun catchment

Adur catchment

Ouse catchment

Cuckmere catchment

Pevensey Haven catchment

Wallers Haven catchment

"Combe Haven catchment"

Rother catchment

Dour catchment

Stour catchment

This section includes all of the rivers along England's east coast.

All rivers discharging into the Thames and Medway and their estuaries. This section includes the coast of Kent west of Foreness Point at the northeast corner of Kent and the south coast of Essex, west of Shoeburyness. But see also 
Medway catchment

Thames catchment

All rivers discharging into the North Sea along the coast of East Anglia, including the counties of Essex (north and east of Shoeburyness), Suffolk and Norfolk as far as King's Lynn.

Crouch catchment

Blackwater catchment

Colne catchment

Stour catchment

Orwell catchment

Yare catchment

Great Ouse catchment

All rivers discharging into The Wash and the North Sea between King's Lynn and Cleethorpes at the mouth of The Humber.

Nene catchment

Welland catchment

The Haven catchment

Steeping catchment

Saltfleet catchment

Grainthorpe catchment

Tetney Haven catchment

This section includes all rivers entering the Humber, defined as the estuary west of a line between Spurn Head and Cleethorpes. The Humber is often referred to as the River Humber though the name is unusual insofar as it is an entirely tidal stretch of water formed as the Rivers Ouse and Trent combine at Trent Falls.

Ancholme catchment

Trent catchment

Yorkshire Ouse catchment

Hull catchment

Sands Drain catchment

All rivers entering the North Sea between Spurn Point at the mouth of the Humber and Redcar, Cleveland. This section includes the entire North Sea coast of the traditional county of Yorkshire.

Barmston Main Drain catchment

Yorkshire Esk catchment

Skelton Beck catchment

All rivers entering the North Sea from Redcar north to the Scottish border. This section includes the rivers of County Durham and Northumberland.

Tees catchment

Wear catchment

Tyne catchment

Blyth catchment

Wansbeck catchment

Lyne catchment

Coquet catchment

Aln catchment

Tweed catchment

"Tributaries of the Tweed which are wholly in Scotland are omitted from this list but may be found in the List of rivers of Scotland."

"All further upstream tributaries of the Tweed are wholly in Scotland."

List of main rivers of Wales

This is a list of the main rivers of Wales.

"From Hoylake to Garth Pier, Bangor, Gwynedd"








Anticlockwise from Menai Bridge / Porthaethwy






"Note "Afon Menai", known as the "Menai Strait" in English, is not technically a river, despite its Welsh name.".

"From Bangor Pier to St. Govan's Head"






















"From St. Govan's Head to M48 Bridge"



















With the exception of a small part of the Rea Brook, all tributaries of the Severn downstream of the confluence of the Severn and the Vyrnwy are wholly in England. For details see List of rivers of England.

List of rivers of Uruguay

This is a list of rivers in Uruguay. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name. All rivers in Uruguay drain to the Atlantic Ocean. 



List of rivers of Venezuela

This is a list of rivers in Venezuela. This list is arranged by where the river drains. Tributaries are indented under each larger stream's name.









List of rivers of Vietnam

This is a list of streams and rivers in Vietnam.


























List of rivers of Zambia

This is a list of streams and rivers in Zambia

Chambeshi River - Congo River - Cuando River

Kabompo River - Kafue River - Kalambo River - Kalungwishi River

Luanginga River - Luangwa River - Luapula River - Luena River, Western Zambia - Lukasashi River - Lunga River (Zambia) - Lungwebungu River - Lunsemfwa River

Mbereshi River - Mulungushi River

Zambezi

Richard Nikolaus von Coudenhove-Kalergi

Richard Nikolaus von Coudenhove-Kalergi (November 16, 1894 – July 27, 1972) was an Austrian politician and philosopher, who was the founder of the first movement for the United States of Europe.

He was a well known for works the founder of the "Paneuropean Union" and his wrote book "Pan-Europa".



List of rivers of Zimbabwe

This is a list of streams and rivers in Zimbabwe.

Bubye River

Gway River

Inkankezi River - Insiza River - Inyankuni River

Kwekwe River

Limpopo River - Luenha River

Manyame River - Mazowe River - Mtshabezi River - Mtshelele River - Mucheke River - Munyati River - Mupfure River - Mushawe - Mwenezi River - Mwewe River - Mzingwane River

Ncema River

Panhane River - Pungwe River

Runde River

Save River (Africa) - Sebakwe River - Sengwa River - Shangani River - Shashe River - Siwaze River

Thuli River

Umchabezi River

Zambezi River

Flag of Afghanistan

The recognized flag of Afghanistan continues to be that of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. Although the Taliban flag, which was used from 1997-2001 until their collapse, has reemerged under the name of Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan as of 2021.

Afghanistan has had more changes of its national flag during the 20th century than any other country in the world. It has had 20 different flags since the first flag in 1747. In only 4 years (1926–1930), Afghanistan had 7 flag changes - many of these flags were used as the nation's flags for only a few months.

National anthem of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan

The "Afghan National Anthem" (; ) was used between 2006 and 2021. The words of the song were written by an Afghan poet named Abdul Bari Jahani, and the melody for his words were created by an German-Afghan composer named Babrak Wassa. It was "de facto" replaced by "This is the Home of the Brave" after the Taliban takeover in 2021.

After the end of Taliban rule in 2001, a new national anthem was made for the "New Afghanistan". According to the 20th article of the new Afghan constitution, it would have the names of the many ethnic groups of Afghanistan. It said the phrase ""Allāhu Akbar"" ("God is the greatest") had to be in it. After a competition, "Millī Surūd" was made the official national anthem in May 2006.

After the Taliban takeover on 15 August 2021, it was replaced by "This is the Home of the Brave". However, in the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup between October and November, it was still played as the national anthem of Afghanistan. The flag of the internationally recognized Islamic Republic of Afghanistan was also used. The Islamic Republic anthem and flag were also used in the 2022 CAFA U-19 Futsal Championship.

Similar to Romania, Afghanistan has used a bunch of other anthems in the past. A lot of times is due to the government of Afghanistan changing many times. When the country was ruled by a king, two national anthems were used: "Royal Salute" and "Grand Salute". Then right when Afghanistan was no longer ruled by a king, a new national anthem was used, but only for five years. Soon after, Afghanistan became a socialist republic and a national anthem for that was used. But that came to an end in 1992, when Afghanistan became an Islamic state, so another anthem was used.

During the late 1990s, the Taliban took control over most of Afghanistan and ruled most of the country until late 2001. This was when the United States started a war (against the Taliban and al-Qaeda) right after 9/11. The Taliban were the winners in that war, so as of August 2021, Afghanistan is an Islamic Emirate to this day, and "This is the Home of the Brave" is now the country's national anthem.

President of Afghanistan

The President of Afghanistan was the head of state of Afghanistan. Afghanistan has only been a republic between 1973 and 1992 and from 2001 onwards. Before 1973, it was a monarchy that was governed by a variety of kings, emirs or shahs. There was a civil war from 1992 to 2001.

After the 2021 Taliban offensive and the near seizure of the capital, incumbent President Ashraf Ghani fled Afghanistan to Tajikistan on 15 August 2021. After Ghani fled the country, the Taliban occupied the Presidential Palace. The office was abolished on 6th September 2021.

The constitution of Afghanistan gave the president wide powers over military and legislative affairs. There was a weak national parliament.


Vice President of Afghanistan

The Vice President of Afghanistan is the second highest political position in Afghanistan. Vice Presidents are elected on the same ticket as the President. A Presidential candidate nominates two candidates for Vice President before the election. 


Muhammad Qasim Fahim

Field Marshal Muhammad Qasim Fahim (9 October 1957 – 9 March 2014; ) also known as "Marshal Fahim Khan") was an Afghan military commander, and politician. He was the Vice President of Afghanistan from November 2009 until his death in March 2014. He was the Defense Minister of the Afghan Transitional Administration, beginning in 2002. He also served as Vice President of Afghanistan from June 2002 to December 2004. Marshal Fahim was a member of Afghanistan's Tajik ethnic group.

Karim Khalili

Abdul Karim Khalili (born 1950) is a former Vice President of Afghanistan. He was in office from 2004 to 2014, under Hamid Karzai. Khalili was first Vice President in 2002. He was elected as running mate of Hamid Karzai in 2004. Since 1989 he has been one of the main leaders of the Hezbe Wahdat political party of Hazara people.

Khalili was born in Wardak Province and attended a religious school. He participated actively in the Afghan resistance during Soviet Invasion. He also served as Minister of Finance of Afghanistan during the Mujahideen government in the early 1990s.

Chief Justice of Afghanistan

The Chief Justice of Afghanistan is the head of the Afghan Supreme Court. The incumbent chief justice is Abdul Salam Azimi.



Abdul Salam Azimi

Abdul Salam Azimi (Pashtu:عبدالسلام عظیمی (born: 1936, in Farah Province) is the Chief Justice of Afghanistan. He is the Acting Head of the Afghan Supreme Court. He is considered a moderate and wears western-style clothing including suits and ties. Azimi is a former professor at the University of Nebraska at Omaha in the United States. He is an ethnic Pashtun of the Alizai tribe.

Noshaq

Noshaq (or Nowshak) is the highest mountain in Afghanistan. It is the second highest independent peak of the Hindu Kush after Tirich Mir (). Noshaq is located in the northeastern corner of the country along the Durand line. It is the westernmost peak in the world. The north and west sides of the mountain are in Afghanistan. The south and eastern sides are in Pakistan. Easy access to the middle of Noshaq would be in Chitral, Pakistan

Registan Desert

The Registan Desert, also known as Rigestan Desert, is a desert in Afghanistan. It is between Helmand and Kandahar provinces in southwestern Afghanistan. It is a sandy desert with small, red sandhills about high, plains that are covered with sand, and open rocky and clay areas. There are a few Baluchi and Pashtun nomads there. The desert is starting to go over surrounding agricultural areas.

Helmand River

The Helmand River (also spelled "Helmend, Helmund, Hirmand"; Pashto/Persian: ', Greek: ' ("Etýmandros"), Latin: "") is the longest river in Afghanistan. The name means "dammed, having a dam". Helmand Province is named after the river.

The Helmand river stretches for . It rises in the Hindu Kush mountains, about west of Kabul (), passing north of the Unai Pass. It crosses south-west through the desert of Dashti Margo, to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun-i-Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan-Iranian border ().


Saif Ali Khan

Saif Ali Khan is a well-known actor in India. He was born on 16 August 1970. He was born to Sharmila Tagore, great-grandniece of Rabindranath Tagore. He is currently the 10th Prince of Pataudi.

Official residence

An official residence is the residence that a head of state or head of government.















None. The President uses own private residence.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>

Querétaro




Note that some mayors in cities with an official mayor's residence choose instead to reside at their private residence, using the official residence for official functions only. This has occurred in the 21st century in Detroit and New York City, although the mayors of both cities live in the official residences. In the case of Denver, no mayor has ever lived in the official residence; the city instead makes it available to certain non-profit groups for special functions.

This section is reserved for official residences maintained by private, nongovernmental institutions.































































Federal

States

Brandenburg/Prussia/Imperial"/East Germany/Former West Germany

Other






























Official estates of the Swiss Federal Council:
















Uhwudong

Uhwudong (, c. 1430 - October 18 1480), also written as Eoudong or Eowudong, was a Korean Joseon Dynasty gisaeng, writer, poet, and dancer. She lived during the reign of King Yejong and King Seongjong. She was also called Eeulwudong.

famous for divorced from royal family wife. she was said to be charming, witty, very beautiful, and very smart. Her personal life has inspired movies, a TV series, operas, and many novels. She is one of Koreas modern popular cultural icons.

In the late 20th century, Uhwudong's story was of interest in both North Korea and South Korea. There are books, movies and operas about her.

In late 1985, a movie "Eoudong" was released. It starred Lee Bo-hee in the title role. Another movie, "Kim Mun-hee", was released on May 23, 1987. In 2007, KBS released a TV series entitled "King and I" starring Kim Sa-rang.



Van der Waals force

In chemistry, the van der Waals force is a type of intermolecular force that attracts molecules together. An intermolecular force is a relatively weak force between molecules. Van der Waals forces are the weakest type of intermolecular force. They are named after the Dutch scientist Johannes Diderik van der Waals (1837–1923).

Negatively charged electrons orbit around molecules or ions. The electrons shift their orbits to create slightly different charges from one end of the molecule to the other as a response to each other. These slight differences are called "partial charges", described by using the variables δor δ. 

Van der Walls force is sometimes used loosely to mean for "all" intermolecular forces. Van der Waals forces are weaker than covalent bonds and usually weaker than hydrogen bonds, but they play a important role in supramolecular chemistry, enzymes, polymer science, nanotechnology, surface science, and condensed matter physics. Van der Waals forces define many properties of organic compounds, including their ability to dissolve.

Michel Wachenheim

Michel Wachenheim, (born 16 January 1951 at Saint-Maur-des-Fossés) is a French ambassador and permanent representative of France at the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
Graduate from "École Polytechnique" (promotion 1972) and "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (promotion 1975), Michel Wachenheim starts his career in 1977 at the air traffic department. In 2007, he becomes Chief of Staff of the Ministry of Transport Dominique Bussereau. The 1st of September 2009, he becomes French ambassador and permanent representative of France at the International Civil Aviation Organization.

Michel Wachenheim is married, has three children and is "Officier de la Légion d'honneur". The 2009-2010 promotion of the "institut de formation universitaire et de recherche du transport aérien" (research and training air transport institute) bears his name.


Closeted

Closeted and in the closet are metaphors used to describe lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and intersex (LGBTQI) people who for some reason have not disclosed their sexual orientation, gender identity or intersex characteristics. People who have declared this identity are said to have "come out of the closet."



Iolanta

Iolanta (sometimes Iolanthe) () is a one-act opera. The libretto was written by Modest Tchaikovsky. It is based on the Danish play "Kong Renés Datter" ("King René’s Daughter") by Henrik Hertz. The story is a account of the life of Yolande de Bar. The play was translated by Fyodor Miller and adapted by Vladimir Zotov. The music was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. The opera received its premiere in St. Petersburg on 18 December 1892 at the Mariinsky Theatre on a double-bill with the ballet "The Nutcracker".

Hrithik Roshan

Hrithik Roshan (born 10 January 1974) is an Indian Bollywood actor. Roshan had appeared as a child actor in many movies in the 1980s and also appeared as an assistant director in the 1990s. He made his movie debut in his father's film, Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai in 2000 with Ameesha Patel who also made her debut. His performance in the movie was widely appreciated and earned him a Filmfare Awards for Best Actor and Best Male Debut. He followed it with leading roles in "Fiza" and "Mission Kashmir" and had a male supporting role in the blockbuster movie "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham (2001)", which was India's highest-grossing movie in the overseas market at that time. This was followed by several flops in his career. The flops included "Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage" which reunited him with Ameesha Patel after their debut film. However, his career later improved when he acted in Koi... Mil Gaya, another film directed by his father and won two Filmfare Awards and he also acted in its sequels "Krrish" and "Krrish 3", which were both successful. He earned praise for his portrayal of a thief in the 2006 adventure film Dhoom 2, Mughal emperor Akbar in the 2008 historical romance "Jodhaa Akbar" and a quadriplegic in the 2010 drama "Guzaarish". He played the lead in the 2011 drama "Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara", the 2012 action revenge film "Agneepath", the 2014 action comedy "Bang Bang!", the 2019 biopic Super 30, and the 2019 action thriller "War" which ranks as his highest-grossing release.


Stephen Root

Stephen Root (born November 17, 1951) is an American actor, comedian and voice artist. He is best known for doing many voices in movies and TV shows. He voiced Bill Dauterive and Buck Strickland in "King of the Hill", Zeb Zoober in "The Country Bears", and Junjie in "".

Goose step

The goose step is a kind of marching done by the military. It is usually done in formal parades and other ceremonies. While marching together, the troops swing their legs high off the ground, while keeping their knees unbended (so that their legs are straight). It resembles the walking style of a goose.

The march comes from the Prussian army in the mid-18th century. It was called the Stechschritt (meaning, "piercing step") or Stechmarsch. It is still used today by the armed forces of the nearly 30 countries. 


James Hong

James Hong (traditional Chinese: 吳漢章, Wú Hànzhāng; born February 22, 1929) is an American stand-up comedian, character actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is perhaps best known as the voice of Mr. Ping in the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise. He played Gong Gong in "Everything Everywhere All at Once". In 1980, Hong appeared in the film "Airplane!"

Hong and his family came out in an around-the-world mountain biking travel adventure called . The Hong family rode their mountain bikes on a trail near the Hollywood sign. James' daughter named April was born in 1975.


Kung Fu Panda Holiday

Kung Fu Panda Holiday, also known as Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special, is a 2010 American television special, based on the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise. It premiered on NBC on November 24, 2010.

It features the voices of Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Jackie Chan, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, David Cross, James Hong, and Jack McBrayer. The special's premiere broadcast drew 5.925 million viewers.

"Kung Fu Panda Holiday" got mostly positive reviews.

One day, Master Shifu (Dustin Hoffman) assigns Master Po (Jack Black) to host the upcoming annual Winter Feast that's to be held at the Jade Palace with every single Kung Fu master. But Po declines because he's gonna spend Christmas with Mr. Ping (James Hong) instead.


Lockheed C-130 Hercules

The Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a military transport aircraft. The aircraft was first introduced (made available) in 1957. It is still used today by over 60 countries worldwide in active service. There are over 40 models and types of the C-130.

Mazar-i-Sharif

Mazār-i-Sharīf or Mazār-e Sharīf is the fourth-largest city of Afghanistan. The population was about 375,000 as of 2006. It is the capital of Balkh province. It is linked by roads to Kunduz in the east, Kabul in the south-east, Herat to the west and Uzbekistan to the north. The city is a major tourist attraction in Afghanistan because of its famous shrines as well as the Muslim and Hellenistic archeological sites. In 2006, the discovery of new Hellenistic remains was announced.

The region around Mazar-e-Sharif has been historically part of Greater Khorasan and was controlled by the Tahirids followed by the Saffarids, Samanids, Ghaznavids, Ghurids, Ilkhanates, Timurids, and Khanate of Bukhara.

The name Mazar-e-Sharif means "Noble Shrine". This name represents the Blue Mosque which is widely known to be the grave of Hazrat Ali (prophet Mohammad's son-in-law).

The city and region became part of the Afghan Durrani Empire around 1750.

Mazar-e Sharif remained peaceful for the next one hundred years. In 1979 the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan. During the 1980s Soviet war, Mazari Sharif was a strategic base for the Soviet Army.

Between May and July 1997, the Taliban unsuccessfully attempted to take Mazar. About 3,000 Taliban soldiers were killed by Abdul Malik and his Shia followers. The Taliban returned on August 8, 1998 and led a six-day killing frenzy of Hazaras. Soon after, the city was occupied and taken over by the Taliban.

Following 9/11, Mazar Sharif was the first Afghan city to fall to the Northern Alliance (United Front). The Taliban's defeat in Mazar quickly turned into defeat from the rest of the north and west of Afghanistan. On November 9, 2001 the city was captured by the Afghan Northern Alliance forces after the Battle of Mazar e Sharif with help from the United States Special Operations Forces and bombing by U.S. Air Force aircraft. As many as 2,000 Taliban fighters who surrendered were reportedly massacred by the Northern Alliance after the battle. Reports also place U.S. ground troops at the scene of the massacre.
There were also NATO peacekeeping forces in and around the city providing assistance to the Afghan government.

On April 1, 2011, as many as ten foreign employees working for United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) were killed by angry demonstrators in the city. The demonstration was organized in retaliation to the March 21 Qur'an-burning in Florida, United States.

The climate in Mazari Sharif is very hot during the summer. Daily temperatures are over 40°C or 104 degree Fahrenheit in June and July. The winters are cold with temperatures falling below freezing.

The population of Mazari Sharif is around 375,000. It is a multiethnic and multilingual society.

The main language in Mazari Sharif is Dari (Persian) followed by Pashto. Both are official languages of Afghanistan.

The city is a centre for the traditional buzkashi sport, and the Blue Mosque is the focus of Afghanistan's Nawroz celebration.

Mazar-e Sharif serves as the major trading center in northern Afghanistan. It was the first city to connect by rail with a neighboring country. The rail service from Mazar-e Sharif to Uzbekistan began in 2011 and is expected to rapidly boost the economy of the city. Cargo on freight trains arrives to the last station near Mazar-i-Sharif Airport, where the goods are reloaded onto trucks or airplanes and sent to their last destinations across Afghanistan.

The local economy is mainly trade, agriculture and karakul production. Some oil and gas has also boosted the city's economy.

The modern city of Mazar-i Sharif is centered around the Shrine of Hazrat Ali. Much restored, it is one of Afghanistan's most glorious monuments. Outside Mazar-i Sharif lies the ancient city of Balkh.


Badakhshan Province

Badakhshan (Persian: بدخشان - "Badakhshān") is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It has 28 Districts. The capital is Feyzabad. It is located in the north-east of the country, between the Hindu Kush and the Amu Darya. 

Badakhshan is bordered by Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province and Khatlon Province in Tajikistan to the north and east. In the east is the Wakhan Corridor. The province has a total area of 44,059 km². Much of the land is the Hindu Kush and Pamir mountain ranges.

Badakhshan is one of the poorest areas in the world. Opium poppy growing is the only real source of income in the province.

Lapis lazuli has been mined in the Sar-e-Sang mines for over 6,000 years. The mines were the largest and most well-known source in ancient times. 

The population of the province is estimated at 889,700 people. The majority of them are Persian-speaking Tajiks. 

The residents of the province are largely Sunni.

The province is represented in Afghan domestic cricket competitions by the Badakhshan Province cricket team.



Fayzabad, Badakhshan

Fayzabad (also spelled Feyzabad, Fazelabad or Faizabad) () is the provincial capital and largest city in Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan. There are around 50,000 people. It is the main commercial and administrative center of the Pamir region.

Fayzabad is in northeast Afghanistan. The city is located on the right bank of the Kokcha River.

Fayzabad has been separate from other parts of the country because of the lack of paved roads. There are two active bazaars in the city where items as different as cotton, cotton cloth and goods, salt, sugar, tea, indigo, and cutlery are traded. 

The majority of the people are Tajiks. There also are some Pashtun, Uzbek and Turkmen. 

There are a number of mosques and shrines of historical importance in the city.

The city has several schools including an all-girls school. There is also a hospital which is considered the best in the province, and a police station. There is a guest house called Lapis Lazuli for expatriates.

Bactria–Margiana Archaeological Complex

The Bactria–Margiana Archaeological Complex (or BMAC, also known as the Oxus civilization) is the modern archaeological name for a Bronze Age culture of Central Asia, dated to ca. 2300–1700 BCE. It was in present-day Turkmenistan, northern Afghanistan and northeastern Iran, southern Uzbekistan and western Tajikistan. Its sites were discovered and named by the Soviet archaeologist Viktor Sarianidi (1976). "Bactria" was the Greek name for the area of "Bactra" (modern Balkh), in what is now northern Afghanistan. "Margiana" was the Greek name for the Persian satrapy of Margu, in today's Turkmenistan.

Sarianidi's excavations from the late 1970s onward found many buildings in many sites. Reports were mostly in Soviet journals, until the last years of the Soviet Union. The findings were unknown to the West until Sarianidi's work was translated in the 1990s.

Uzbek language

Uzbek ("O'zbek tili" or "O'zbekcha" in Latin script, Ўзбек тили or Ўзбекча in Cyrillic script, أۇزبېك تیلی in Arabic script) is a Turkic language. It is the official language of Uzbekistan. It has about 40 million native speakers. It is spoken by the Uzbeks in Uzbekistan and elsewhere in Central Asia. Uzbek belongs to the southeastern Turkic or Uyghur family of Turkic languages.

Turkmen language

Turkmen (, Cyrillic: , Persian: ) is the national language of Turkmenistan. It is spoken by about 7,000,000 people in Turkmenistan and by an about 380,000 more people in Northwestern Afghanistan and 500,000 in Northeastern Iran.

The leading Turkmen poet is Magtymguly Pyragy, who wrote in the 1700's.

Nuristani languages

The Nuristani languages (زبان نورستانی) are one of the three groups in the Indo-Iranian language family. The other two languages being Indo-Aryan and Iranian. They are spoken mainly in the Nuristan Province of eastern Afghanistan and Chitral District of northwestern Pakistan. The speakers of the Nuristani languages are known as Nuristani people.


Telephone numbers in Afghanistan

Area codes in Afghanistan are two digits long. It is common to write phone numbers as (0xx) yyy-yyyy, where xx is the area code. The 0 prefix is for long-distance dialing from within the country. International callers should dial +93 xx yyyyyyy.

Area codes for common cities are:


Helmand Province

Helmand (Pashto/Dari: هلمند) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the southwest of the country. Its capital is Lashkar Gah. The Helmand River flows through the mainly desert region, providing water for irrigation.

Helmand is the world's largest opium-producing region. It makes 75% of the world's total production. This is more than all of Burma, which is the second largest producing nation after Afghanistan. Afghan opium accounts for more than 90% of the global supply.

The current governor is Mohammad Golab Mangal (since March 2008).

Much of the fighting between NATO and Taliban forces is taking place in this province. Helmand is said to be a Taliban stronghold.

Helmand has a southern border with the Balochistan province of Pakistan. Many domestic and international observers have criticized Pakistan's efforts towards securing the border against Taliban insurgents.


The population is 1,441,769. The area is 58,584 square kilometres. Pashtuns are the majority estimated at 92% of the population. There are also Balochs who are in the south. Also there are small numbers of Hazara, Brahui and Tajik. 

Ghazni Province

Ghazni () () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the east of the country. Its capital is Ghazni City. 

The major ethnic groups in the province are Hazaras, Pashtuns and Tajiks. There are also some Burki, and Uzbeks. Ghazni is made up of 19 districts.

Some Sikhs and Hindus also live in Ghazni province. During the Taliban regime they fled the country. With the current administration they have returned to Ghazni city.

Band E Sardeh Dam is located in Andar District near the border with Paktika Province. It creates a large water reservoir that is important to the irrigation of the Kahnjoor farming zone. 


Ghazni

Ghazni (Persian/Pashto: غزنی - "Ġaznī"; historically known as غزنین / "Ġaznīn" and غزنه / "Ġazna") is a city in central-east Afghanistan. It is the capital of Ghazni Province.

Just like other cities of Afghanistan, Ghazni is very old and has seen many military invasions.

The city has a number of public schools.

Ghazni City is located in an area of extreme drought. In 2007, one of the gates on a fifty-year-old dam on the Jikhai River broke. This worried the people of Ghazni city about the water supply. The dam serves as a good source of irrigation water to Ghazni City and the surrounding agricultural areas. Nearby rivers have a history of flooding and causing severe damage and death, though efforts have begun to fix this.





Pashayi languages

Pashayi - also known as Pashai - are a group of Dardic languages spoken by the Pashai people in parts of Kapisa, Laghman, Nuristan, Kunar, and Nangarhar Provinces in northeastern Afghanistan.

It is spoken by over 216,842 people who are mostly Muslim. Most of them are bilingual in Pashto. Only 25% are able to read. The Pashai language was not written prior to 2003.

Kushan Empire

The Kushan Empire was first formed in the early 1st century AD. It was located in Afghanistan, most of Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan and parts of northwest India. 

The Kushan were a branch of the Yuezhi confederation. Previously a nomadic people living in eastern Central Asia, the Yuezhi moved southwest and settled in ancient Bactria.

Jennifer Lawrence

Jennifer Shrader Lawrence (born August 15, 1990) is an American actress. She appeared in "Time"'s list of most influential people in the world in 2013, and has won an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, three Golden Globe Awards and two Screen Actors Guild Awards, among other accolades.

Lawrence first became known for appearing on "The Bill Engvall Show" (2007–2009), and had her breakthrough with "Winter's Bone" (2010). She went on to starring roles in the "X-Men" film series (2011–2019) and "The Hunger Games" film series (2012–2015), and is the highest-grossing action heroine. She won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her work in "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012), and earned an additional two Golden Globe Awards for starring in "American Hustle" (2013) and "Joy" (2015). She subsequently played roles in "Passengers" (2016), "mother!" (2017) and "Red Sparrow" (2018).

In 2010, Lawrence played Ree Dolly in "Winter's Bone". In 2012, she played Katniss Everdeen in "The Hunger Games" franchise. In 2013, she won an Oscar for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role. That year, she also won a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy.

Lawrence is of English, Scottish, Irish and German descent. As of August 2013, Lawrence is dating "" and "" co-star Nicholas Hoult. The couple started dating in 2011 after filming "X-Men: First Class", but ended their relationship in January 2013, after 2 years of dating. They reconnected 6 months later in July 2013, after filming "X-Men: Days of Future Past" together.

Lawrence has been the recipient of an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Award, four Critic's Choice Movie Awards, a Independent Spirit Award, a Venice Film Festival Award, a Palm Springs International Film Festival Award, a Saturn Award, a Satellite Award and several other awards. She was named the Associated Press' Entertainer of the Year for 2013.

 https://bollywoodlifee.com/jennifer-lawrence-biography/ 

Buddhas of Bamiyan

The Buddhas of Bamiyan ( – "but hay-e bamiyan") were two 6th century monumental statues of standing Buddhas carved into the side of a cliff. They are in the Bamyan valley in the Hazarajat region of central Afghanistan.

They were dynamited and destroyed in March 2001 by the Taliban. Japan and Switzerland, among others, have said they would help rebuild the statues.

Tahirid dynasty

The Tahirid dynasty () was a Arabian Sunni Islamic dynasty that ruled the Abbasid province of Khorasan from 821 to 873. It also ruled the city of Baghdad from 820 until 891. The capital in Khorasan was first located at Merv. Later it moved to Nishapur.

History of Azerbaijan

The history of Azerbaijan goes back centuries before the USSR was formed. The population of Azerbaijan is a native to the Caucasus area, which are of turk descent.

In the 7th century, Islam was introduced with the Arab conquest, which was important in the formation of a single nation and language in Azerbaijan, when the population became Muslim. A common religion for both Turkic and non-Turkic ethnic groups brought about the formation of common traditions, and the integration between the different ethnic groups living on the territory of Azerbaijan. By the middle of the 9th century, the Turkic ethnic group, the Azerbaijani people became the major ethnic group.

The establishment of a single state in Azerbaijan happened between the 15th century and the 18th century. This period is very important in the history of Azerbaijan. The ruler Shah Ismail Khatai (1501-1524) who was of Azerbaijani origin, united all the territories of Azerbaijan under his control. He founded the Safavid dynasty with Tabriz as its capital. During the rule of the Safavis, the Azerbaijani language also became the only official language. After the Safavid dynasty ended, Nadir Shah Afshar (1736-1747), an Azerbaijani commander founded the Afsharid dynasty (1736-1796) named after himself, and continued to rule over Azerbaijan's territories. He strengthened the borders and in 1739 invaded North India including Delhi. After Nadir Shah's death, his dynasty weakened and in the second part of the 18th century resulted in the formations of new smaller states.

In the late 18th century, then, the government of Iran passed to the Qajar dynasty (1796-1925), who were also of Azerbaijani origin. Their main policy was to unite all the territories once ruled by their ancestors. This gave the start to several long wars between the Qajars and Russia, with both parties aiming to occupy the South Caucasus which Azerbaijan is a part of. Azerbaijan was divided between the two empires. The northern part of Azerbaijan was annexed to Russia, while the south went to Iran. This is the origin of today's political division between "North Azerbaijan" which today has become the Republic of Azerbaijan, and "South Azerbaijan", which today is a part of Iran.

Azerbaijan came under Russian rule after the Persian-Russian wars of 1804-1813. The country gained independence for a short period, however, towards the end of the First World War. After the collapse of the Russian Empire in 1917, Azerbaijan, together with Armenia and Georgia formed the short-lived Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic. When this republic ended in May 1918, Azerbaijan declared independence as the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan on May 28, 1918, as the first modern and secular parliamentary republic in the Muslim World. However, the Red Army occupied the territory and annexed it to the newly formed Soviet Union and the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic was founded on April 28, 1920. 

During the Second World War and after, the Azerbaijan SSR, as a petroleum producer, was important in the energy policy of the Soviet Union. Following the politics of reforms called "glasnost", started by the leader of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev, riots and ethnic fighting grew in various regions of the Soviet Union, including Nagorno-Karabakh, a region of the Azerbaijan SSR. The disturbances in Azerbaijan, in response to the Soviet government's lack of response to the already tense conflict between the Azerbaijanis and Armenians, resulted in calls for independence and secession, which resulted in the massacre known as "Black January" in the capital Baku in January 1990. Azerbaijan eventually declared independence on October 18, 1991. The Soviet Union was ended on December 25, 1991.

When Azerbaijan became independent, the conflict with Armenia over Nagorno-Karabakh turned into the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1991-1994.

The politician Heydar Aliyev became the President of Azerbaijan in 1993 and successfully stabilized the country and a ceasefire between Azerbaijan and Armenia was signed in 1994, which paused the war. However, 20 % of Azerbaijan remained occupied by the Armenian military and the two countries were in a state of war, until November, 2020. Nevertheless, representatives of the governments of Armenia and Azerbaijan have since been holding peace talks organized by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) "Minsk Group" to solve the conflict and restore the territory to Azerbaijan. When Heydar Aliyev died in 2003, his son Ilham Aliyev became the President of Azerbaijan and is continuing his father's policies today. As an important producer of petroleum and natural gas, Azerbaijan's economy is increasing very rapidly every year, and has become rich as a result.



Marilyn Chambers

Marilyn Ann Chambers (April 22, 1952 – April 12, 2009) was an American pornographic actress, exotic dancer and fashion model. She was born Marilyn Ann Briggs in Providence, Rhode Island. She was raised in Westport, Connecticut. She was notable for performing in many pornographic movies, including "Behind the Green Door" and mainstream movies, including "Rabid". Chambers died in Santa Clarita, California due to cerebral hemorrhage and aneurysm cause by heart disease. 

Sistan

Sīstān () is a border region in eastern Iran (Sistan and Baluchestan Province) and southern Afghanistan (Nimroz, Kandahar and Zabul provinces).

Sistan was once the homeland of Sakas, a Scythian tribe of Iranic origin. The Saffarids, one of the early Iranian dynasties of the Islamic era, were first from Sistan.


Saffarid dynasty

The Saffarids or the Saffarid dynasty () was a Persian Sunni Islamic empire. They ruled in Sistan from 861–1002. Sistan was a historical region in southeastern Iran, southwestern Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan. Their capital was Zaranj, located in present-day Afghanistan.

Bukhara

Bukhara (; ; ) is the capital of the Bukhara Province of Uzbekistan. It is the nation's fifth-largest city. It had about 263,400 people at the 2009 census. People have lived in the area for at least five millennia, and the city has existed for half that time. The city is on the Silk Road. That made it a center of trade, scholarship, culture, and religion. The historic center of Bukhara, which has many mosques and madrassas, is listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. There are many Uzbeks and Tajiks. The city has Jews and other ethnic minorities.

Bukhara was called "Bokhara" in 19th and early 20th century English publications and as "Buhe/Puhe" () in Tang Chinese.

The M37 highway connects the city to most of the major cities in Turkmenistan including Ashgabat.

Many important people lived in Bukhara in the past. Most famous of them are:


Lashkar Gah

Lashkar Gah () (), also called Bost, is a city in southern Afghanistan and the capital of Helmand Province. It is located in Lashkar Gah district, and is between the Helmand and Arghandab rivers. The city has a population of 201,546 as of 2006.

Lashkar Gah is linked by major roads with Kandahar to the east, Zaranj to the west, and Herat to the north-west.

Football is the popular sport in Lashkar Gah. The Lashkar Gah Football Stadium was rebuilt in 2006. It can hold around 10,000 spectators. Currently, 13 registered cricket teams play at the new Karzai Stadium in Lashkar Gah.

Greater Khorasan

Greater Khorasan or Ancient Khorasan () (also written "Khurasan") is a historical region of Greater Iran. It also included parts of Afghanistan, Turkmenistan, Pakistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikstan

Al-Farabi

Al-Farabi (persian: ابو نصر محمد بن محمد فارابي, / ;) known in the West as Alpharabius (c. 872 in Fārāb – between 14 December, 950 and 12 January, 951 in Damascus), was a Persian scientist and philosopher of the Islamic world. He was also a cosmologist, logician, and musician.

Al-Biruni

"Abū al-Rayḥān Muḥammad ibn Aḥmad al-Bīrūnī (born 5 September 973 in Kath, Khwarezm, died in the year 13 December 1048 in Ghazni), known as Alberonius in Latin and Al-Biruni"' in English, was a Persian-Chorasmian Muslim scholar and polymath of the 11th century.

Al-Biruni was one of the greatest scholars of the medieval Islamic era and was well versed in physics, mathematics, astronomy, and natural sciences. He did a lot of work as a historian, chronologist and linguist.

Timurid dynasty

The Timurid dynasty () or the Timurids, who called themselves "Gurkānī" (), were a Central Asian Sunni Muslim dynasty of Turco-Mongol lineage. The dynasty was heavily Persianized and the Persian language was used as the main and official language because members of the dynasty were strongly influenced by the culture of Iran. The Timurids established two well-known empires, the Timurid Empire in Iran and Central Asia and the Mughal Empire in the Indian subcontinent. The Mughal dynasty was a branch of the Timurid dynasty.

Test of living male descendant show's Y-DNA "R-M198 (R1A1)".

Satrap

Satrap was the name given to the governors of the provinces of the ancient Median and Achaemenid (Persian) Empires.

Hotaki dynasty

The Hotaki dynasty was a dynasty founded by Pashtun Ghiji tribe. In 1709 by Mirwais Hotak at Kandahar, Afghanistan. They revolted and made their land independent from foreign ruler, but later they invaded Persia and defeated the great Iranian Empire of the Shi'a Safavids.

Mahmud Hotaki, son of Mirwais, ruled Persia until he died in 1725 and then his cousin Ashraf ruled until 1729 when Nader Shah Afshar defeated him.

The last king was Hussain Hotaki in Kandahar until he was defeated by Nader Shah in 1738.

Notes

Himni i Flamurit

"Himni i Flamurit" (, meaning "Hymn to the Flag") is the national anthem of Albania. The words of the song were written by Alex Drenova, and the music of the song is derived from another song that was supposed to be the Romanian national anthem.

The Albanian national anthem was first published as a poem in an Albanian newspaper in Sofia, Bulgaria, on 21 April 1912. It was later printed in a volume of poems by Drenova, which was published in Bucharest, Romania. The music of the anthem was composed by the Romanian composer Ciprian Porumbescu, as he wanted to compose an anthem for socialist Romania, but was rejected.

Telephone numbers in Albania

The country calling code for Albania is +355
For domestic calls (within Albania), 0 must be dialed before the area code. The prefix for international calls from Albania is 00 (for example for an United States number 00 1 ... should be dialed). Below is an explanation when dialing a Tirana number:


Albania has the lowest rate of telephone use in Europe. In 2008 there were about 10 lines per 100 people. Cellular phone use is very common throughout the country. 

This is a list of area codes in Albania.

List of heads of state of Albania

This is a list of heads of state of Albania. The head of state is named President.

List of prime ministers of Albania

This is a list of prime ministers of Albania. The current Prime Minister is Edi Rama.

Zayyanid dynasty

Zayyanids (, "Ziyānyūn") or Abd al-Wadids (), or Banu Zayan, is the name of an Islamic Berber Zenata dynasty in North Africa. The Zayyanids, whose capital was Tlemcen (in modern day Algeria) existed from 1235 to 1556. They were also known as Abdelwadid.

Catholic University of the North

The Catholic University of the North () is a Catholic university in Antofagasta, Chile. It is one of the universities in the north of Chile.



Gennady Zyuganov

Gennady Andreyevich Zyuganov (born 1944 in Mymrino) is a Russian politician. He has led the Communist Party of the Russian Federation (CPRF) since 1993. He has campaigned for the Russian presidency four times. He has finished second each time.

Isfana

Razzakov is a small town in Kyrgyzstan. It is the administrative center of Leilek District. Over 27 thousand people live in Razzakov.

Amsterdam Airport Schiphol

Amsterdam Airport Schiphol () is the Netherlands' main international airport, It is 20 minutes southwest of Amsterdam. The airport's English name is Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. The airport had an IATA name of SPL, but is now AMS.
The airport is the main airport for KLM, Arkefly, Corendon Dutch Airlines, Martinair and Transavia. The airport is also the main European airport for Delta Air Lines. It is the 4th busiest airport in Europe and the 12th busiest in the world.

Trains run by Nederlandse Spoorwegen connect Amsterdam Schipol railway station to places around the Netherlands.

Flybe

Flybe Group PLC (Known as flybe) was a low-cost regional airline group in Exeter, Devon, England. It had over 180 routes to 65 European airports and was Europe's biggest regional airline. Over 6.7 million passengers travelled with them during 2010. The airline was on the London Stock Exchange (), and payed around 2,800 people.

In February 2019, Flybe airline was sold to the Connect Airways consortium, backed by Virgin Atlantic and Stobart Aviation. They planned to rebrand Flybe as Virgin Connect while keeping its certifications. On 5 March 2020, Flybe filed for administration and ceased operations due to financial struggles worsened by the COVID-19 pandemic.

In October 2020, the Flybe brand was purchased by Thyme Opco, linked to former shareholder Cyrus Capital. They aimed to relaunch the airline in 2021, pending regulatory approvals. The new company was named Flybe Limited and started operating in April 2022. However, the relaunched airline stopped trading on 28 January 2023.

Aurigny Air Services

Aurigny Air Services Limited, known as aurigny.com is an airline with its head office at Guernsey Airport in the Channel Islands, and is owned by the States of Guernsey. It operates passenger and freight services between the Channel Islands, northern France and the United Kingdom. Its main base is Guernsey Airport, with other aircraft and crew based at Jersey Airport and Alderney Airport. Aurigny is one of the longest operating regional airlines in the world, and is one of the oldest airlines in Britain except for Loganair and Monarch Airlines. The name means Alderney.

Aurigny Air Services runs to the following destinations (at February 2010):


The airline used to run to the following destinations:

Blue Islands

Blue Islands Limited is an airline of the Channel Islands. Its main office is in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey, and its registered office is in Saint Anne, Alderney. It runs timetabled services from and within the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. Its main base is Jersey Airport.

British Midland Airways Limited

British Midland Airways Limited known as BMI was an airline based at Donington Hall in Castle Donington in the United Kingdom, close to East Midlands Airport. The airline flew to places in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Central Asia from its base at London Heathrow Airport, where it held 11% of all take off and landing slots and runs over 2,000 flights a week. 

BMI was owned by Lufthansa, who announced an agreement in December 2011 to sell the airline to the owner of British Airways, International Airlines Group. The deal does not include Bmibaby and BMI Regional.. BMI Regional was sold to Sector Aviation Holdings for £8 million in May 2012. In April 2012 it was announced that bmi (excluding bmibaby) was to be fully merged into British Airways by the end of October 2012.

British Midland Airways Limited had a Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence, which allowed it to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats, and was a 3-star airline by Skytrax.

Bmibaby

Bmibaby Limited known as bmibaby.com was a British low-cost airline. It flew to places in the UK and Europe from its bases at Belfast City, Birmingham and East Midlands airports. It was owned by British Midland International, which itself is owned was Lufthansa. In April 2012, BMI was bought by the International Airlines Group and the airline, along with bmibaby, stopped flying. 

Bmibaby had a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence. It was allowed to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.

Tōkaidō

In Japanese, may mean:

BMI Regional

British Midland Regional Limited known as bmi regional was a British regional airline that runs timetabled passenger services mostly within the UK. Its head office is in Aberdeen Airport East in Dyce, Aberdeen, Scotland. Its main base is Aberdeen Airport. BMI Regional was owned by British Midland International until 2012. Sector Aviation Holdings Limited bought BMI Regional in May 2012. 

Belfast City Airport

George Best Belfast City Airport is a single-runway airport in Belfast, County Antrim, Northern Ireland next to the Port of Belfast it is from Belfast City Centre. It shares the site with the Short Brothers/Bombardier aircraft making area. The airport began commercial operations in 1983.

The airport was known as "Belfast City Airport" until it was renamed in 2006 in memory of George Best, the professional footballer from Belfast, best known for his time with Manchester United.

The airport gets over 2.7 million passengers in 2010, a record total for the airport, though the total fell by 12.5% to 2.4 million in 2011.

The airport is a major base for Flybe, which began services at the airport in 1993 and is now the largest operator at Belfast City.

Belfast City has a CAA public use aerodrome licence (number P862) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction.

Ipswich Airport

Ipswich Airport is a former airfield on the outskirts of Ipswich, Suffolk England.

Amānullāh Khān

Ghazi Amanullah Khan (Pashto, Persian, Urdu, Arabic: ) (1 June 1892 – 25 April 1960) was the Sovereign of Afghanistan from 1919 to 1929. He was first an Emir and after 1926 the King. He led Afghanistan to freedom from the United Kingdom. He was the first Afghan ruler to make the country more modern. Habibullah Kalakani and his followers fought against Khan. On 14 January 1929, Amanullah went to then neighboring British India. Afghanistan fell into a civil war (1928–1929). From British India he went to Europe where he died in Zürich, Switzerland, in 1960.

Erythraean Sea

The Erythraean Sea was the old name for all Indian ocean in 15-17 century it was a name only for north part of the Indian ocean and Arabian Sea. it was used throughout Europe until the 18-19th century. 
The Greeks themselves derived the name from an eponymous persian King Erythras, knowing that the waters so described were deep blue. Modern scholars sometimes attribute the name to the seasonal blooms of the red-hued "Trichodesmium erythraeum" in the Red Sea. Documents on the Persian Gulf's name describes a story from the Agatharchides, author of On the Erythraean Sea page 113 saying the Erythrae was son of Myozai a Persian lord which forced to go to an island because of the attack by the lions to his cattle ,then he invited other people to settle in this island, most probably today Qeshm Island or Hormuz Island then it became lucky island and the name of the Erythraean Sea is related to him.

The name "Erythraean Sea" has been or is still used for the following places: 


Badghis Province

Bādghīs (Persian/Pashto: بادغیس) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in northwestern Afghanistan, between the Murghab and Hari rivers. It goes as far northward as the edge of the desert of Sarakhs. 

The province was one of the last captured by the Taliban in their military offensive before the American invasion in 2001. TheTajik people of the province never welcomed the Pashtun Taliban. The province was quickly retaken by Northern Alliance forces.

Badghis Province is in the isolated hills of northwestern Afghanistan. Its borders are Herat, Ghor, and Faryab provinces as well as Turkmenistan. 

The current Governor of the province is Delbar Jan Arman.

Agriculture is the main source of people's income. The Murghab and Hari rivers makes the land suitable for farming. The province had a bad drought in the late 1990s and early 2000s. This has gotten better. Badghis is the biggest in pistachio production in Afghanistan. It is also one of the carpet-making capitals of the country.

Badghis Province has little transportation. Qala i Naw Airport (QAQN) is the only airport.


Qala e Naw

Qala i Naw (قلعه نو) is a town in Qala i Naw District and the capital of Badghis Province, of north-west Afghanistan. Its population is estimated 9,000 in 2006. 

It has a small airport, Qala i Naw Airport.

Tōkaidō (road)

The was a major road in ancient Japan. It was one of five main roads during the Edo period. The route connected Edo (modern-day Tokyo) and Kyoto along the sea coast of eastern Honshū.

There were fifty-three shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

The typical method of travel was by foot.




Tōkaidō (region)

The is a Japanese term for both an ancient division of the country and the main road running through the region. 

"Tōkaidō" was one of the main circuits of the "Gokishichidō" system. It was first established during the Asuka period. Over centuries, the government functions of the "Gokishichido" became less important. However, the traditional eight regions, including "Tōkaidō", remained cultural markers.

The ancient Tōkaidō road was improved and widened in 1604.

It is a geographic region which has 15 ancient provinces, including 


The lands of five prefectures are in the region of "Tōkaidō": Chiba, Ibaraki, Kanagawa, Saitama and Tokyo.

Today, Route 1 is a major national highway that mirrors the route of the old Tōkaidō except in the Tōkyō-Yokohama section.

Route 15 follows the route of the old Tōkaidō between Tōkyō and Yokohama


Romantic poetry

Romantic Poetry was one branch of the Romantic movement. The first generation of Romantic poets (1798) were primarily Coleridge, William Blake and Wordsworth. The second generation was at its culmination in the 1820s, with poets such as Shelley, Byron and Keats. The movement showed an interest in the Gothic, Medieval art, and nature. The ballad form was re-introduced, and the poems often took their form from fairy tales and folk songs. Poets were enjoying writing for themselves rather than senior nobility, and later they were the source of inspiration for the Pre-Raphaelite painters.

UTC+04:30

UTC+04:30 is the time zone used for:


This time is used only in Afghanistan, so it is also called Afghanistan Standard Time.

Baghlan Province

Baghlan (Persian/Pashto: بغلان "Baġlān") is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the north of the country. Its capital is Puli Khumri. The name comes from a major town in the province, Baghlan.

Hazaras, Pashtuns, Tajiks and Uzbeks are living in this Province.

Baghlan's primary crops (as of 1974) were cotton and sugar beets. The area also produced grapes, pistachios, and pommegranates. The primary livestock are Karakul sheep.

The province also produces silk. Coal is mined in the Karkar Valley.

The districts of Baghlan are:

The current Governor of Baghlan is Mohammad Akbar Barakzai, appointed 2009.


Puli Khumri

Puli Khumri (or Pul-i-Kumri) () is a city in northern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Baghlan Province. It has a population of 60,000 (2002 official estimate).


Antonietta Di Martino

Antonietta Di Martino (born 1 June 1978) is an Italian high jumper. She was born in Cava de' Tirreni.

Piuza won the silver medal at the 2007 IAAF World Championships in Athletics and 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships. She competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.


Bamyan Province

Bamyan Province () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the centre of the country. Its capital city is also called Bamyan. Most of the people are Hazaras, with fewer Tajiks, and Pashtuns. Bamyan is the largest province in the Hazarajat region of Afghanistan. About 450.000 people lived in Bamyan province in 2020. The province mainly became known for the Buddhas of Bamiyan, which were destroyed under Taliban rule, in 2001. In the past, the province was strategically important because of the Silk Road which passes through it. The Silk Road linked Asian countries such as India and China, with Persia, the Mediterranean and Europe. Buddhism used to be common, and there were many Buddha statues, and monasteries. 

The former governor of the province is Habiba Sarabi. She is Afghanistan's first and, so far, only female governor.

Bamiyan is famous for its potatoes.

Bamyan Province has the only university, Bamiyan University in the area.

Hakucho

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

"Hakucho" was sent into orbit on February 21, 1979. It reentered the atmosphere and melted on April 15, 1985. 

This was Japan's first x-ray astronomy satellite.


Languages of Afghanistan

Dari and Pashto are the official languages of Afghanistan, but other important regional languages include Uzbeki, Turkmeni, Baluchi, Pashai, Nuristani, Pamiri (alsana), Arab and possibly a few other.

Bamyan

Bamyan (), also spelled Bamiyan and Bamian, is the capital city of Bamyan Province, Afghanistan. It has about 61,863 people. It is the largest town in the Hazarajat region in central Afghanistan. It is 240 kilometres north-west of Kabul, the national capital.

Bamyan has the region's only university, Bamiyan University.

Daykundi Province

Daykundi (; also spelled "Daikondi", "Dāykondī", "Daikundi" or "Daykundi") is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. Day Kundi's capital is Nili. It is about 310 kilometres from Kabul. It is in the Hazarajat region.

Daykundi province grows almonds.

On 15 April 2011, Mr. Qurban Ali Oruzgani became Governor of Daikundi province.

Lauren Ambrose

Lauren Ambrose (born February 20 1978) is an American motion picture and stage actress. She is best known for acting in the series "Six Feet Under". She also acted in many motion pictures and other television programs.

Nili, Afghanistan

Nili () is the capital city of Daykundi Province, Afghanistan. It is located in Nili District. The town is at 2,022 m altitude.

Farah Province

Farah (Pashto/Persian: فراه) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the southwest of the country. Its capital is Farah. Farah is large with few people living in it. It is the fourth largest province in Afghanistan. It is on the Iranian border. Most of the people are Pashtun.

Tenma

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

"Tenma" was sent into orbit on February 20, 1983. 

This was Japan's second x-ray astronomy satellite.

 

Farah, Afghanistan

Farah (Pashto/Persian: فراه) is a city in western Afghanistan. It is the capital of Farah Province. There are about 109,409 people living here. It is at 650 m altitude. It is on the Farah River.

The city is a major trading and farming center in the area. There is an airport with a paved runway.

Faryab Province

Fāryāb () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the north of the country. The capital is Maymana. Most of the people are Uzbek.

The governor of the province is Abdul Haq Shafaq.

Alain Lefebvre

Alain Lefebvre (born 1 April 1947) is a French journalist. Graduate from the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university), he founded the ephemeral "Magazine hebdo" while managing the "groupe Media" and "L'Histoire magazine".

Lefebvre is also interested in advertising in collaboration with journalist Christian Blachas, also host of the show "Culture-Pub".


Sakigake

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was launched on January 7, 1985.


Southern

Southern is the adjective form of south. It may refer to:






Maymana

Maymana, Meymaneh or Maimana (Persian: میمنه) is the capital of Faryab Province, northern Afghanistan. It is near the Turkmenistan border. It is about 400 km northwest of the Afghan capital Kabul.

Ghor Province

Ghōr (, (), also spelled Ghowr or Ghur, is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in central Afghanistan, towards the northwest. The capital of Ghor is Chaghcharan.

About 635,302 people live in Ghor Province.

The current governor of Ghor is Sayyed Mohammad Eqbal Munib.

Chaghcharan

Chaghcharan () also known as Firouzkoh () is a town and the capital of Ghor Province in central Afghanistan. It is located on the southern side of the Hari River.

There are about 15,000 people, mostly Persian speaking. Chaghcharan Airport is about 1 mile to the northeast of the town.


Paula Zahn

Paula Ann Zahn (born February 24, 1956 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American journalist and news anchor. She worked for the news divisions on Columbia Broadcasting System(CBS)-Television and American Broadcasting Company(ABC)-Television, and on the cable television news channels Fox News Network and Cable News Network (CNN). On Fox News Channel she hosted "The Edge with Paula Zahn". On CNN she hosted "Paula Zahn Now" and "People in the News", a show jointly produced by CNN and "People", a magazine.

Herat Province

Herat (Persian/Pashto: هرات) is one the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the south-western region of the country. The main city and capital is named Herat. 

The region of Herat used to be part of Greater Khorasan. It was ruled by the Tahirids followed by the Saffarids, Samanids, Ghaznavids, Ghurids, Ilkhanates, Timurids, and Saffavids. In the early-18th century it became part of the Afghan Hotaki dynasty followed by the Durrani Empire.

There are about 1,762,157 people living in Herat Province.

There are 16 districts within the province. These are listed in the table below.

Football (soccer) is the popular sport in Herat Province. Cricket is also getting popular.

Fred Flintstone

Fred Flintstone is the main protagonist of "The Flintstones" franchise. He is an everyday caveman and caring father. He was invented by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera of Hanna-Barbera.

His famous catchphrase is "Yabba-dabba-doo". Alan Reed came up with it.

Alan Reed, Henry Corden, James Arnold Taylor and Jeff Bergman have voiced him in various media. John Goodman played him in the 1994 movie.

Cookie Monster

Cookie Monster is a Muppet that appears in Sesame Street. He is a blue monster that is known for eating lots of food, especially cookies. He is also known for some of his famous eating phrases. His favorite food is cookies, as his name implies. He especially enjoys chocolate chip cookies. Throughout the years of his presence, he has gained increasing awareness of children's food habits. 

In 2007, Cookie Monster had told his philosophy (way of thinking) that "Cookies are a sometimes food." His speech is often grammatically incorrect; he always uses "Me" to refer to himself in place of "I","My", and "Mine". Cookie Monster was also mentioned by Siri, while saying "And Cookie Monster is sad that there are no cookies, and you are sad that you have no friends." 

When the Apple personal assistant Siri is asked the question, "what is zero divided by zero", Siri responds with the answer: "Imagine that you have zero cookies and you split them evenly among zero friends. How many cookies does each person get? See? It doesn’t make sense. And Cookie Monster is sad that there are no cookies, and you are sad that you have no friends."

Modest Tchaikovsky

Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky (13 May 1850 – 15 January 1916) was a Russian dramatist, opera librettist and translator. Like his famous composer brother Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, he was a homosexual. In 1876, Modest tutored a deaf-mute boy and eventually helped him to talk, write, and read. Modest wrote three plays and the libretti for several operas, including his brother's "The Queen of Spades" and "Iolanta". He translated Shakespeare's Sonnets, and wrote his brother's biography. He died in Moscow in 1916.

Antonietta Dell'Era

Antonietta Dell'Era (16 February 1861 Milan 22 June 1945 Berlin) was an Italian "prima ballerina" in Berlin, best remembered for creating the Sugar Plum Fairy in "The Nutcracker" (1892). Her first performance was sold out, and she received good reviews. Modest Tchaikovsky described her as "pudgy and unattractive".

Jowzjan Province

Jowzjān or Jōzjān or Jawzjan (, ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the northern area of the country. The capital is Sheberghan.

There are around 485,300 people in the province. Most of them are ethnic Turkmens.

Jowzjan's current governor is Mohammed Aleem Sayee.

Sheberghan

Sheberghān or Shaburghān (), also spelled "Shebirghan" and "Shibarghan", is the capital city of the Jowzjan Province in northern Afghanistan.

Sheberghan is on the Safid River banks, about west of Mazari Sharif.

Kabul Province

Kābul (, ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in eastern Afghanistan, The capital of the province is Kabul City, which is also the country's capital. There are about 3.5 million people living in the province as of 2009. 

Kabul is the center of annual buzkashi and football tournaments.


Suisei

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The unmanned space probe was sent into space on August 18, 1985. It was designed to study Halley's Comet when it passed through the inner solar system in 1986.


Kandahar Province

Kandahar or Qandahar () () is one of the largest of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is located in southern Afghanistan, between Helmand, Oruzgan and Zabul provinces. Its capital is the city of Kandahar. There are about 913,000 people who live in the province.

The following is a list of the districts of Kandahar Province:

Ginga (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on February 5, 1987. 


Temuco Catholic University

The Temuco Catholic University () is a Chilean university in Temuco. This university is part of the Chilean Traditional Universities.


Kapisa Province

Kapisa (Pashto/Persian: کاپيسا) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the north-east of the country. The capital is Mahmud-i-Raqi. There are about 364,900 people living in the province.

Kapisa province is 80 km north east of Kabul.

Mahmud-i-Raqi

Mahmud Raqi (also: Mahmud-i-Raqi, Mahmood-e Raqi) is a city in Afghanistan. It is the capital of Kapisa Province. It is the center of Mahmud Raqi District in Afghanistan.

Khost Province

Khost () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the east of the country. Khost province used to be part of Paktia Province in the past. Its capital is Khost.

The current Governor of the Province is Abdul Jabbar Naeemi.

There are 638,849 living in the Province. They are mostly Pashtun. 

Khost

Khost () is a city in eastern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Khost Province. There are about 160,000 people in the city. Khost is located about 150 kilometers south of Kabul.

Kunar Province

Kunar () is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the northeastern part of the country. Its capital is Asadabad. About 413,008 people live in the province. Most of them are Pashtuns.

The districts in Kunar Province as of March 2004 are:

Asadabad, Afghanistan

Asadabad or Asad Abad ( - Asadābād) is the capital city of Kunar Province in Afghanistan. It is in the eastern part of the country next to Pakistan. There are a lot of mountains around Asadabad.

Kunduz Province

Kunduz or Qunduz (, ) is one of the provinces of Afghanistan. It is in northern Afghanistan. There are about 820,000 people who live in the Province.

The Kunduz River valley is the main feature of the Kunduz Province.


Kunduz

Kunduz (; ) also known as Kundûz, Qonduz, Qondûz, Konduz, Kondûz, Kondoz, or Qhunduz is a city in northern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Kunduz Province. It is linked by highways with Mazari Sharif to the west, Kabul to the south and Tajikistan's border to the north. There are about 250,000 living in the city.

Laghman Province

Laghman (Persian/) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the eastern part of Afghanistan. The capital is Mehtar Lam.

Mihtarlam

Mihtarlam (), also spelled Mehtar Lam, is a town in Afghanistan. It is the capital of Laghman Province. It is the only large urban settlement in the province. The town is in the valley formed by the Alishing and Alingar rivers. It is 47 km northwest of the city of Jalalabad.

Logar Province

Logar (, ) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the eastern part of the country. Most of the people are Pashtun.

Pul-i-Alam

Pul-i-Alam (Persian/Pashto: پل علم) is the capital of Logar Province, Afghanistan. About 30,000 people live in the city. They are mostly Pashtuns and Tajiks.

There were major car bombings in 2020 and 2021.

Nangarhar Province

Nangarhar ( "") is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the east of the country. Jalalabad is the capital. There are 1,383,900 people in the province.

Nangarhar province is divided into 22 districts, these are:

Annette Funicello

Annette Joanne Funicello (October 22, 1942 – April 8, 2013) was an American singer, movie and television series actress. Funicello was one of the most popular "Mouseketeers" on the "Mickey Mouse Club" in the 1950s. 

She was born in Utica, New York to Italian American parents and moved to Southern California when she was four. She went public with her multiple sclerosis in 1992. She died from the disease on April 8, 2013.

Nimruz Province

Nimruz (Balochi/Pashto/Persian: نیمروز ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the southwest of the country on the borders of Iran and Pakistan. There are about 170,00 people in the Province. A lot of the Provice is covered by the desert area of Dashti Margo.

Zaranj

Zaranj or Zarang (, ) is the capital of Nimruz Province in south-western Afghanistan. There are about 49,851 people in the city. It is next to Milak, Iran. It is linked by highways with Lashkar Gah to the east, Farah to the north and Zabol in Iran to the west. 

Nuristan Province

Nuristān (), also spelled Nurestān or Nooristan, is a region in Afghanistan. It is in the south of the Hindu Kush valleys. The capital is Parun. The ethnic composition is 96% Nuristanis, 2% Pashtuns and 2% Gujars.

Parun

Parun (پارون) is a small town in Afghanistan. It is the capital of Nuristan Province.

Urozgan Province

Urōzgān (), also spelled Uruzgan, Oruzgan, is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. Its capital is Tarinkot. Most of the province is mountains.

Tarinkot

Tarinkot or Tarin Kowt () is the capital of Orūzgān Province in southern Afghanistan. It is a town of about 10,000 people. Its population is mostly of Pashtun ethnic origin, including a sizable number of Tarins, whose ancestors were the original founders and settlers here some 500 years ago. 

Yohkoh

, is the name of a Japanese artificial satellite which was put into orbit. 

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The satellite was sent into orbit on August 30, 1991. Its mission was to study the sun.

On September 12, 2005 the spacecraft burned up during reentry.


Gardēz

Gardēz (, Persian: گردیز) is the capital of the Paktiā province of Afghanistan. There are about 70,000 people who live in the Province. Most of the people are Pashtun.

Sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance

Sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance is a diagnostic method in epidemiology. It was used in the Soviet Japanese campaign in WWII immediately behind the first tanks and mechanized vehicles of advancing Soviet army in case they encounter any contagious disease. The withdrawing enemy forces had poisoned many wells and water sources. The Polish contingents serving under the UN focused their tasks among others on … sanitary-epidemiological reconnaissance … Sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance is a collection and transfer of all data available on sanitary and epidemiological situation of the area of possible action of armed forces. The aim is to clear up the specific disease origin- sources of the infection in extreme situations, including local wars and armed conflicts, the ways of the infection transfer. It should reveal the people suspected to the disease, and lead to their isolation and hospitalization. A group includes: epidemiologist, specialist in infections, bacteriologist- lab assistant), and medical orderly. The group may need a zoologist or parasitologist. After the armed forces have stopped moving the sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance turns into sanitary and epidemiological surveillance of the activity of the armed forces.

In 2010 at The Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and Their Destruction in Geneva the sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance was suggested as means for monitoring of infections and parasitic agents and for practical implementation of the International Health Regulations (2005). The aim was to prevent and minimize the consequences of natural outbreaks of dangerous infectious diseases and the threat of use of biological weapons. The reconnaissance will be important in assessing the situation, organizing and conducting preventive activities, indicating and identifying pathogenic biological agents, suppressing infectious diseases, and providing advisory and practical assistance to local health authorities.

Sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance should be performed immediately after the receiving of information about a bio-terrorism attack.

Cambridge Airport

Cambridge Airport (previously Marshall Airport Cambridge UK) is a small regional airport in South Cambridgeshire, England. It is on the eastern edges of Cambridge, south of Newmarket Road and west of the village of Teversham, from the centre of Cambridge and about from London. 

The airport opened in 1938. It replaced the old airfield at Fen Ditton. The airport is owned and run by Marshall Aerospace. This is a Cambridge-based company with many years' history servicing civilian and military contracts. The main building was designed by the architect Harold Tomlinson of the University of Cambridge. It was constructed in 1936–37. For many years it was the base for the Cambridge University Air Squadron.

Marshall of Cambridge Aerospace Limited has a CAA Public Use Aerodrome Licence (Number P433). This is a special license that allows it to have public passenger flights and flights for flying training. It has four flying schools. It is also used for corporate and private flights.

In October 2008, the airport's name was changed from Cambridge City Airport to Marshall Airport Cambridge UK. This happened at the same time as the new Marshall Business Aviation Centre was opened. In 2011, Cambridge Airport officially broke off from Marshall. It hired a new director and changed its name back to Cambridge Airport. Its aim is to become a "hub" (important airport) for the east of England. The Passenger Terminal will be refurbished.

Land in Cambridge is expensive. Around the city are large areas of green belt land. Building new houses on this land is not allowed. Because of this, a proposal was made in 2000 to move the airport to a new site away from the city. It would have freed up of land so that several thousand new homes could be built there instead. Cambridgeshire County Council did a study for a new airport. The council asked for permission to plan the new airport, but they withdrew the request later.

Since then, Marshall Aerospace has continued to develop the site. In autumn 2008 new facilities for aviation companies were opened. These included a new hangar, which added to the of hangar space already on the site.

In April 2010, Marshall Aerospace said it would not be moving Cambridge Airport to make way for new housing. RAF Mildenhall, Waterbeach Barracks and RAF Wyton were though of as alternative sites, but Marshall decided that there were "no suitable relocation options" (none of the options were good enough). 

In January 2011, Cambridge Airport broke off from Marshall, and released plans for the airport's future. Its plans are to have international flights for the London 2012 Olympic Games. For 2012 the airport has introduced new international holiday charter flights to Europe as well as new regular (on a timetable) air links to the Channel Islands. Passenger terminal facilities are being fully upgraded to improve services and convenience for passengers. The airport is planning to add flights to more places that are important for business and leisure.


Fortune-telling

Fortune-telling is the practice of predicting information about a person's life. It is in principle identical with the practice of divination. The difference is that divination is the term used for predictions considered part of a religious ritual, invoking deities or spirits, while the term fortune-telling implies a less serious or informal setting.

Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus

"Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus" is the reply "The New York Sun" editor Francis Pharcellus Church gave eight-year-old Virginia O'Hanlon (1889–1971) in his September 21, 1897 editorial after she wrote the newspaper asking "Is There a Santa Claus?" Virginia had first asked the question of her father, Dr. Philip O'Hanlon, who suggested she write "The Sun". He assured her that "If you see it in "The Sun", it's so." The editorial is one of the most reprinted editorials in the world.

Dan Rather

Daniel Irvin Rather, Jr. (born October 31, 1931 in Wharton, Texas) is an American journalist and reporter. He worked with the CBS network until 2006. Controversy over documents Rather reported on that he claimed indicated President George W. Bush avoided military service during Vietnam caused him to leave "CBS Evening News" in 2005, his last broadcast on that program was March 9, 2005 and the whole network altogether two years later. He is now reporting for HDNet.

He has received many Emmy Awards, several Peabody Awards, and various honorary degrees from universities.

Lycée Edgar-Poe

The Lycée Edgar-Poe is a private secondary school in Paris in the 10th arrondissement. It is named after the American writer Edgar Allan Poe (1809-1849).

Its motto is "" ('"The interest for the student develops the student's interest"). Its director is Mrs Evelyne Clinet.

It was created in 1965 under the name "Cours Edgar-Poe" and has been recognized by the French State the 26th of February 1980.


Bias (textile)

The bias of a piece of woven fabric is at 45 degrees to its warp and weft threads. Every piece of woven fabric has two biases, at right angles to each other. Fabrics which are not woven, such as felt, do not have a bias.

When cut on the bias, woven fabric is more elastic as well as more fluid in movement, compared to the on-grain direction. This helps many types of garment, such as skirts, dresses and neckties.

The "bias-cut" is a technique used by tailors and dress-makers for cutting cloth. The greater stretch in the bias (diagonal) direction of the fabric, helps it accentuate body lines and curves and drape softly. For example, a full-skirted dress cut on the bias will hang more gracefully or a narrow dress will cling to the figure. 

Bias-cut garments were prominent in haute couture clothes designed by Madeleine Vionnet in the 1920s. It is still used often in both haute couture and high street clothing. In the Middle Ages, before the development of knitting, hose leggings were cut on the bias in order to make them fit better.

Madeleine Vionnet

Madeleine Vionnet (22 June 1876 – 2 March 1975) was a French fashion designer. She used the bias cut, made Grecian-style dresses and introduced haute couture design to high street shops.

Born into a poor family in Chilleurs-aux-Bois, Loiret, Vionnet began her apprenticeship as a seamstress at age 11. After a brief marriage at age 18, she left her husband and went to London to work making clothes in a hospital. While in London, Vionnet worked as a fitter for Kate Reily (or Reilly). Reily bought original French designer dresses and brought them to her London workshop. There she had them copied, and sold the copies to her London clients for half the price of the originals. Vionnet was head of her workshop ("atelier"), cutting, fitting and directing the seamstresses.

Vionnet eventually returned to Paris and trained with well known fashion houses. In 1912 she founded her own fashion house, "Vionnet". In the 1920s she created a stir by re-introducing the bias cut, an old technique for cutting cloth diagonal to the grain of the fabric. She developed techniques for managing the problems the bias cut caused. Bias cuts cling to the body and move with the wearer. Vionnet's use of the bias cut to create a sleek, flattering, body-skimming look would change women's clothing and carry her to the top of the fashion world.

Madeleine's clothes were famous for accentuating the natural female form. Influenced by the modern dances of Isadora Duncan, Vionnet created designs that showed off a woman's natural shape. Like Duncan, Vionnet was inspired by ancient Greek art, in which garments appear to float freely around the body rather than distort its shape.

Vionnet's simple-looking styles were not simple to produce. She cut, draped, and pinned fabric designs on to miniature dolls, before recreating them in chiffon, silk, or Moroccan crepe on life-size models. Vionnet used materials such as crêpe de chine, gabardine, and satin to make her clothes; fabrics which were unusual in women's fashion of the 1920s and 30s. She would order fabrics two yards wider than necessary in order to accommodate draping, creating clothes – particularly dresses – that were luxurious and sensual but also simple and modern. Characteristic Vionnet styles included the handkerchief dress, cowl neck, and halter top.

Vionnet influenced the design of mass production "prét à porter" (ready to wear) clothing. She had worked in mass production as a hospital seamstress, and could simplify her designs for the retail market. High fashion was too expensive for working people, and (unlike today) was not copied in the high street. Vionnet's ability to take her designs off the cat walk and into the high street revolutionised the fashion industry and popular culture.


In 1930, Suzanna Laneil was caught with 48 copies of Chanel and Vionnet designs. Vionnet sued her, in a French landmark case. The Court found that the design originals by Vionnet were "real works of art" and that they were "entitled to the same protection accorded authors and copyright holders". That protection has been written into the statute and ratified by European treaties on copyright law. Vionnet began as a style copiest with Kate Reilly, but became a strong supporter of intellectual property protection for designers.




Seve Ballesteros

Severiano Ballesteros Sota (9 April 1957 - 7 May 2011) was a Spanish golfer.

Ballesteros won The Open Championship in 1979, 1984 and 1988. He won the Masters Tournament in 1980 and 1983. He was ranked number one golfer in the world for parts of the 1980s. 

He was born in Pedrena, Cantabria and died there, of brain cancer.


Katsuō-ji

, also known as "Katsuo-dera", is a Japanese Buddhist temple in Minō, which is in the mountains of northern Osaka Prefecture.

Katsuō-ji is one in a grouping of Buddhist temples which are pilgrimage sites in the Kansai region.

The temple site was first named Miroku-ji in 765.

The name "Katsuō-ji" was given by the Emperor Seiwa.

In 1184, the temple was destroyed by fire, but it was re-built.

Daruma dolls are often returned to the temple and left somewhere on the grounds.


Paktika Province

Paktika () is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the south-east of the country. Most of the people are Pashtun. Its capital is Sharana.

Sharana

Sharana (), or Sharan (), is the capital of Paktika Province, Afghanistan. There are about 2,200 people who live in the town.

 

Alexander Glazunov

Alexander Konstantinovich Glazunov (10 August 186521 March 1936) was a Russian composer, music teacher, and conductor. He was the director of the Saint Petersburg Conservatory between 1905 and 1928. He left the Soviet Union in 1928 and did not return. Glazunov successfully reconciled nationalism and cosmopolitanism in Russian music. 

Paul Oswald Ahnert

Paul Oswald Ahnert (November 22, 1897 - February 27, 1989) was a German astronomer. He worked at the Sonneberg Observatory. He made an annual astronomical calendar called the "Kalender für Sternfreunde", which translates as the calendar for star friends. He included items in space which could easily be seen by amateur astronomers using small telescopes, or even just by eyesight. The calendar was first published in 1948 and was one of the few books from the German Democratic Republic which was highly regarded by people in other countries. After Ahnert's death the calendar continued to be published by astrophysicist Rainer Luthardt. An asteroid, 3181 Ahnert, was named after him.

Jason Dolley

Jason Scott Dolley (born July 5, 1991) is an American actor who was in "Hatching Pete" and "Good Luck Charlie".

Panjshir Province

Panjshir (, meaning "Five Lions", also spelled as Panjsher) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan. Panjshir province is known for not being taken by the Soviets during their occupation in the 1980s. There has not been as much violence here as the rest of the country.

Bazarak

Bazarak () is a town in the Panjshir Valley, in northern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Panjshir Province. It has six villages: Khanez, Jangalak, Malaspa, Parandeh, Rahmankhil. The tomb of Ahmad Shah Massoud, known as the "Lion of Panjshir", is in Bazarak.

Parwan Province

Parwān (Persian/Pashto: پروان), also spelled Parvān, is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. There are about 560,000 people. The capital is Charikar. 

In 329 BC, Alexander the Great formed the settlement of Parwan. It was conquered by the Arabs in 792. 

Charikar

Charikar () is a city in northern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Parwan Province. The city is on the road 69 km from Kabul. Charikar is known for its pottery and high-quality grapes.

Treaty of Rawalpindi

The Anglo-Afghan Treaty of 1919, also known as the Treaty of Rawalpindi, was a treaty which brought the Third Anglo-Afghan War to an end. It was signed on 8 August 1919 in Rawalpindi by Great Britain and Afghanistan. Britain recognised Afghanistan's independence (as per Article 5 of the treaty), agreed that British India would not extend past the Khyber Pass and stopped British subsidies to Afghanistan. Afghanistan also accepted all previously agreed border arrangements with British India as per Article 5 of the Anglo-Afghan treaty of 1919. Thus, Afghanistan as an independent country agreed to recognise Durand Line as international border between the two countries.


Demography of Afghanistan

Afghanistan has around 29.8 million people as of the year 2011. About 2.7 million Afghan refugees are living in Pakistan and Iran.

The country is multi-ethnic and multi-lingual. Most of Afghanistan's people are of the Iranic peoples. The Pashtun is the largest group followed by Tajik, Hazara, Uzbek, Aimak, Turkmen, Baloch and others.

Dari (Persian) and Pashto are both the official languages of the country.

Islam is the religion of more than 99% of Afghanistan.


Samangan Province

Samangan () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. About 313,211 people live in the Province, as of 2006. The capital is Samangan.

Samangan

Samangan (previous: Eukratidia; then Aybak or Aibak) is the capital of Samangan Province in the northern part of Afghanistan. It was a major Buddhist centre during the 4th and 5th centuries.

The town is on the banks of the Khulm River valley below the Hindu Kush Mountains.

Many Uzbek people live in the town.

Sar-e Pol Province

Sar-e Pol, also spelled Sari Pul (), is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the north of the country. The capital is the city of Sar-e Pol. Dari (Persian) is the main language. About 442,261 people live in the Province. There are many mountains, especially in the south part.

The province is divided into 7 Districts.

Sar-e Pol, Afghanistan

Sar-e Pol or Sari Pul () is the capital city of the province of Sar-e Pol in northern Afghanistan. It is in Sari Pul District. About 115,463 people live in the city.

To each according to his contribution

According to the principle of 'To each according to his contribution', during the transition of a society from capitalism to socialism and then to communism, individuals should be rewarded for the amount they contribute to society. Economists such as David Ricardo (1772-1823) had this idea. Ricardo founded a movement that is known as Ricardian socialism today. Many people in the labour movement had this idea too. Ferdinand Lassalle (1825–1864) and Eugen Dühring (1833-1921) expressed such ideas towards Leon Trotsky. Despite this, Vladimir Lenin was the first person to say that this element is fundamental to Marxist theory.

According to Libertarian socialist thinkers, such as American anarchist Benjamin Tucker, socialism is a system in which the laborer receives the full product of his labor. This eliminates exploitation and unearned income accrued to the capitalist.

The term "To each according to his contribution" simply means that each worker in a socialist society receives "wages" and benefits according to the quantity and value of the labor that he or she contributed. That way, highly productive workers will receive more wages and benefits than workers of average productivity, and substantially more than workers of low productivity. What is more, the more difficult the job is, the more one is rewarded for the labor contributed. Difficulty can result from factors such as greater training requirement, job intensity or safety hazards. According to Trotsky, the idea is to promote productivity. This is done by creating incentives to work harder, longer, and more productively. In the end, the principle comes from capitalism, but will vanish, according to Marx, as work becomes more automated and enjoyable, and as goods become available in greater quantities.

In capitalism, the means of production are owned by a few people; these people are also known as the bourgeoisie. These people do not produce, but they live off the work others do for them. Socialism can fix this issue, because with socialism, the means of production are owned by all people, they are a common good.


Takhar Province

Takhār () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. The capital is Taloqan. Its salt mines are one of Afghanistan's major mineral resources. 

Taloqan

Tāloqān (, also Tāleqān or Tāluqān) is the capital of Takhar Province, in northern Afghanistan. It is in the Taluqan District. About 196,400 people live in the city.

Maidan Wardak Province

Maidan Wardak Province (also spelled Maidan Wardag, or Maidan Vardak, , ) is one of thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan. It is in the central east part of Afghanistan. About 540,100 people live in the province. The capital is Maidan Shar.

Maidan Shar

Maidan Shar ( - Maidān Šhār; ; also "Maydan", "Meydan", "Maidan") is the capital of Wardak Province, Afghanistan. About 35,008 people live in the town as of 2003.

On 21 January 2019, over 100 people were killed in a terrorist attack.

Most of the people in Maidan Shar do agriculture, livestock, gardening and trade. Many of the people are poor.

By the end of 2008, there were a total of 14 schools with about 9268 students. There were about 275 teachers teaching in these schools.


Zabul Province

Zabul () is a historic province in southern Afghanistan. Qalat is the capital. About 275,100 people live in the province. The major ethnic group is Pashtun. 

Zabul is surrounded by Paktika and Ghzani provinces in the east, Urozgan province in the north, Kandahar province in west and southwest, and Balochistan state of Pakistan in south. 

Around 800,000 people live in Zabul. Most of them live in Shahjoi, Arghandab and Kalat city.

Almond, grapes, apricots, wheat, and vegetables are the main agricultural products of Zabul. About 80% of the people are farmers.

The current governor of Zabul province is Bissmillah Afghanmal, son of Haji Mauladad Momand, born in Kandahar in 1976.

In 2006, the province's first airstrip was opened near Qalat. It was for the Afghan National Army. The airstrip is not paved. 

Qalati Ghilji

Qalat () is a town in southern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Zabul Province. It is linked by a highway with Kandahar to the west and Ghazni to the east. In 2006, Zabul's first airstrip was built near Qalat. 

Afghan afghani

The afghani is the type of money used in Afghanistan. 100 pul make 1 afghani. Pul coins are not used any longer. In 2005, coins with a value of 1, 2 and 5 Afghani were made.

Pamir languages

The Pamir languages or Pamiri languages are a group of the Eastern Iranian languages. Many people in the Pamir Mountains, mostly along the Panj River speak the language. This includes the Badakhshan Province of northeastern Afghanistan and the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province of eastern Tajikistan. Smaller communities can be found in areas of Pakistan. The only other living member of the Southeastern Iranian languages is Pashto.

Durrës

Durrës is the second largest city of Albania. It is on the central Albanian coast, about west of the capital Tirana. It is one of the most ancient and economically important cities of Albania. Durrës is at one of the narrower points of the Adriatic Sea. It is opposite the Italian ports of Bari ( away) and Brindisi ( away). Durrës is home to Albania's main port, the Port of Durrës. The Aleksandër Moisiu University is here. The town has about 115,550 people. Durrës was the national capital from 7 March 1914 until 11 February 1920 .

Durrës has a typical Mediterranean climate with hot, dry summers and cool winters. The average of water temperature in Durrës is from in February to in August. The summer in Durrës starts from May to middle of October .

Durrës was founded as a Greek colony, in 627 BC. It was called "Epidamnos by the Greeks, and Epidamnus" by the Romans. Around 436 BC there was a civil war, which caused the Peloponnesian War. Around 200 BC, Plautus wrote a comeny, Menaechmi, which takes plce in Epidamos. After the Illyro-Roman Wars Epidamnos became a Roman protectorate. It changed its name to "Dyrrhachium (Dyrrháchion Δυρράχιον in Greek)." They also built the Via Egnatia, which linked Dyrrachium to Byzantium. It was the contiuation of the Via Appia, which ended in Brindisi, 150km away across the Adriatic Sea. 

Settlements in Albania

This is a list of municipalities () of Albania. They are sorted by county and by district. 

Elbasan

Elbasan is a city in central Albania. It is on the Shkumbin River in the District of Elbasan and the County of Elbasan. It is one of the largest cities in Albania. There are about 79,810 people.

Vlorë

Vlorë is a city in Albania. It is the second largest port city of Albania. There are 79,948 people who live here. It is on the Adriatic Sea, almost surrounded by mountains.

Vlorë is where the Albanian Declaration of Independence was proclaimed on November 28, 1912. The city was for a short time the capital of Albania.

Vlora is one of the oldest cities of Albania. It was formed by Ancient Greeks in the 6th century BC.

The University of Vlora is the second largest in Albania.

Districts of Albania

Albania is divided into 36 districts. Districts are grouped into counties or prefectures, of which there are 12. The districts are:

Flag of Albania

The flag of Albania () is a red flag, with a silhouetted black double-headed eagle in the centre.

Coat of arms of Albania

The coat of arms of Albania is similar to the flag of Albania. It is based on the seal of Gjergj Kastriot Skanderbeg. The picture above the head of the two-headed eagle is the helmet of Skanderbeg. The helmet also has billy goats' horns.

Bamir Topi

Bamir Myrteza Topi (born 24 April 1957 in Tirana) is an Albanian diplomat and politician. He served as President of Albania from 2007 to 2012.

Sali Berisha

Sali Berisha (born 15 October 1944) is an Albanian politician. He was the Prime Minister from 2005 to 2013. He was the President of Albania from 1992 to 1997.

The Godfather Part III

The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime drama movie directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola, that stars Al Pacino and Diane Keaton. The movie is set in 1989 and 1990. It is the sequel to "The Godfather" and "The Godfather Part II". It received mixed to positive reviews and did well at the box office. This movie was released December 25, 1990 in the United States.

The final scenes of the movie were filmed at the Teatro Massimo in Palermo, where the uncle of Francis Ford Coppola, the composer and conductor Anton Coppola, is shown conducting the opera, "Cavalleria rusticana".

Architecture of Singapore

The architecture of Singapore shows influences and styles from different places and periods. Singapore architecture may be divided into two periods: the more traditional pre-World War II colonial period, and the modern post-war and post-colonial period.

Malay houses built in the 'kampong' style were common before the British came..

After the British established a settlement near the mouth of the Singapore River in 1819, building construction in Singapore changed. The new settlement was small but very urban. Merchants built warehouses right next to each other along Boat Quay. Risk of fire became a problem because the buildings were so close together and had many valuable goods inside. Builders switched to brick masonry with clay tiled roofs, to reduce the fire hazard. Bricks and tiles were made at kilns on the island, and the mortar and plaster was made by grinding up corals from sea around Singapore.

 Shophouses are common style of building in Southeast Asia. They are usually two or three storeys high. Each shophouse is usually very narrow and part of a long row of terraced buildings. But, shophouses may be very deep front to back. The first floor is usually for business and the upper floors are for living.

The front of the building usually has a covered area called the ""five foot ways"". An 1822 law in Singapore said that all houses made of brick or tiles should be similar in the front. They should have an open arcade making an open passage on each side of the street. This style of building shophouses soon spread to other states in British Malaya. More rules said that the verandah ways should be .at least seven feet from the edge of the road and the walkway must be at least five feet wide.

A bungalow is usually a small one or one-and-half storey home with deep verandahs. In Singapore, Many Europeans lived in bungalows from the 19th century until World War II. They are called Black and Whites for their white paint and dark wood.

These homes were similar to the UK's Arts and Crafts and Art Deco movements. They were built large enough to give rich families homes with light, air, and space. Black-and-Whites were built by wealthy families, successful businesses, the Public Works Department, and the British Armed Forces. Many are still homes today, but some have become shops, restaurants, or bars.

Singapore has many Art Deco buildings from the 1920s and 1930s. The style was especially popular in commercial architecture, like factories and offices. Sometimes the style was only on the surface. Often, Art Deco style ornaments were added to typical shophouses or bungalows. The Art Deco period was important as a style, but also for bringing modern construction technologies like reinforced concrete to Singapore.

Singaporean architecture moved to a modern direction after the war. The need to save money meant less spending on ornaments or features that only looked good. Simple forms and surfaces became more common. Modern architecture was also better for building many public buildings with the same or similar designs such as schools, clinics, factories, and especially public housing.

Public housing started in Singapore in the 1930s. The Singapore Improvement Trust (SIT) carried out a building programme because there was not enough housing in the city. The SIT mainly built housing for middle and lower-middle class Asians at first. The Tiong Bahru estate is a typical example. It is a group of four-storey Art Deco style apartment blocks, shops, and markets outside the city center. After the war, the style changed from Art Deco to a simple, modern style.

Modern architecture was most important during the 1970s and 1980s. Brutalist architecture was common. Some older commercial buildings, such as the OCBC Centre by I. M. Pei, and many government office buildings are examples of this style.



Berat County

The County of Berat is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Berat, Kuçovë, and Skrapar. Its capital is Berat. It is 123 km south of Tirana, the capital of Albania.

Dibër County

The County of Dibër is one of the 12 counties of Albania. The districts are Bulqizë, Dibër, and Mat. Its capital is Peshkopi.

Durrës County

The County of Durrës is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Durrës and Krujë. Its capital is Durrës. 

Elbasan County

The County of Elbasan is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has districts Elbasan, Gramsh, Librazhd and Peqin. Its capital is Elbasan.

Diarchy

Diarchy (or dyarchy) is a form of government where two people are usually the heads of state. The word comes from the Greek "δι-" "two elements" and "ἀρχή", "rule" (from ἄρχω; -αρχία is a derived suffix). The term duumvirate is a hyponym (from Latin duumvirātus, "male diarchy") but some people use it erroneously for women. 

Historical examples Diarchies are Sparta, The Roman Republic and at one point India

Diarchies are very uncommon in the modern day. However, there are a few that remain.


List of heads of government of Andorra

The Head of Government is the main person in charge of the government of the Principality of Andorra.

The current "Cap de Govern" is Xavier Espot Zamora.


Co-Princes of Andorra

The Co-Princes of Andorra are the two rulers of the Principality of Andorra. Andorra is a tiny landlocked nation in the Pyrenees mountains between France and Spain. Currently, the Bishop of Urgell and the President of France are Andorra's co-princes.

In 988, Count Borrell II of Urgell gave the land of Andorra to the Bishop of Urgell. In 1095, the Bishop of Urgell feared that the Count wanted to take over Andorra again. He asked for help from the Lord of Caboet. The two became co-rulers of Andorra.

Eventually, the Lord's title passed on to the Count of Foix. In 1278, it was officially agreed that Andorra's sovereignty would be shared between the Bishop and the Count. The co principality of andora is one of the remaining monarchy is in Europe

Through inheritance, the Foix title passed on to the King of France, whose position would be replaced by the President of France when it became a republic.

Presidential system

A presidential system, or single executive system, is a form of government in which a head of government, with the title of president, is in charge of an executive branch that is separate from the legislative branch in systems that use separation of powers. This head of government is in most cases also the head of state. 

The first true presidential system was created during the United States Constitutional Convention in 1787.

Juan Luis Vives

Juan Luis Vives (), also Joan Lluís Vives i March () (6 March 1493 – 6 May 1540), was a Valencian Spanish scholar and humanist. He lived during the reign of Charles I of Spain (technically under Philip II of Spain, as Charles was more preoccupied with the Holy Roman Empire). He caused great upset during this period of time, as the Church wanted religious unity and his beliefs caused more religious contradications to what the Inquisition and Philip wanted.

He descended from "conversos" (converts)- his parents had practiced the Jewish faith. He was offered a position at Alcala University but after the burning of his father, he could not take up this post. Vives had to leave Spain.

Alexey Arhipovsky

Alexey Arhipovsky (; May 15, 1967) – is a Russian balalaika virtuoso player.
He was born in the town of Tuapse, Krasnodar Territory, Russia on May 15, 1967. His father played the garmon and accordion. At the age of 9, Arhipovsky started at musical school to study the balalaika. Later he entered Gnessin State Musical College, the department of folk instruments, class – balalaika. Upon graduation, he entered the Smolensk folk orchestra as a soloist-balalaika.

In 1985 he became a laureate of the Contest of Folk Instrument Performers in Russia. Since 1998 he toured around Russia and abroad with the State Academic Folk Ensemble "Rossiya" Russia directed by Lyudmila Zykina.

Since 2002 he cooperated with Stas Namin, the musician, composer, and record producer. Arhipovsky took part in festivals of Russian culture in the United States, China, South Korea, Germany, France, Spain and Bulgaria. He participated in jazz festivals in Russia and abroad, in radio and TV programmes.

During his tours, fans compared his performance with Paganini and Jimi Hendrix.

He recorded a DVD album "Alexey Arhipovsky" in 2009.

In 2009, he was invited to participate in the opening ceremony of the second semi-final of the Eurovision song contest in Moscow.

Kate

The name Kate [ keyt ] is a girl's name. It's a variant of the name Katherine. The name Kate comes from the Greek name Katherine, which means "pure" or "clear." A woman named Saint Catherine of Alexandria, who lived during the fourth century and was known for her intelligence and beauty, helped to popularize the name among Christians. During medieval times, Catherine was a favorite name among royals and nobles in Europe. Many well-known women throughout history have also gone by this name. This name was ranked #413 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Fier County

The County of Fier is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts of Fier, Lushnjë and Mallakastër. The capital is Fier. Fier's western edge is the shoreline of the Adriatic Sea.

Gjirokastër County

Gjirokastër County is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Gjirokastër, Përmet, and Tepelenë. The capital is Gjirokastër. There are some Greek people who live here. To the southeast, Gjirokastër shares a border with Greece. 

Korçë County

The County of Korçë is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It is in the eastern part of the country. It is the largest county of Albania. The districts are Devoll, Kolonjë, Korçë and Pogradec. The capital is Korçë.

The county borders North Macedonia to the northeast and Greece to the southeast. 

Kukës County

The County of Kukës is one of the 12 counties of Albania. The districts are Has, Kukës and Tropojë. The capital is Kukës. To the east, Kukës borders Kosovo. The northwest borders Montenegro. The southeast borders North Macedonia. 

Lezhë County

Lezhë County is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Kurbin, Lezhë and Mirditë. The capital is Lezhë.

Lezhë has a small western shoreline on the Adriatic Sea. 

According to the last national census from 2011 this county has 134,027 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the county include:

Shkodër County

Shkodër County is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Malësi e Madhe, Pukë and Shkodër. The capital is the city of Shkodër. The majority of the population is Catholic.

In its southwest, Shkodër County has a small shoreline on the Adriatic Sea. The northern border is Montenegro.

