Planform

In design planform or plan view is a vertical orthographic projection of an object on a horizontal plane, like a map.

In aviation, a planform is the shape and layout of an airplane's wing. Of all the myriad planforms used, they can typically be grouped into those used for low-speed flight, found on general aviation aircraft, and those used for 
high-speed flight, found on many military aircraft and airliners.

Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands

Charlotte Amalie is the capital and largest city of the United States Virgin Islands. It has about 20,000 people. The city is on the island of Saint Thomas.

Olinda Castielle

Olinda Castielle born "Olinda Borggren" is a Swedish TV personality who was a contestant on the American reality show Joe Millionaire and the first season of the Swedish version of Paradise Hotel.



Plan view

A plan view is an orthographic projection of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a horizontal plane through the object. In other words, a plan is a section viewed from the top. In such views, the portion of the object above the plane is omitted to reveal what lies beyond. In the case of a floor plan, the roof and upper part of the walls may be left out. Basically, a plan view is just another name for the top view of a 3D object.

Floor plan

A floor plan (floorplan) in architecture and building engineering is a diagram, usually to scale, of the relationships between rooms, spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure.

Similar to a map the orientation of the view is downward from above.


Hagåtña, Guam

Hagåtña is the capital city of Guam. About 1050 people live there. The city has an area of about .

Plan (drawing)

Plans are a set of two-dimensional diagrams or drawings used to describe a place or object, or to communicate building or fabrication instructions. Usually plans are drawn or printed on paper, but they can take the form of a digital file.

Because plans represent three-dimensional objects on a two-dimensional plane, the use of views or Graphical projections is crucial the reading of plans.

There are several projection types:


Dededo, Guam

Dededo is the largest city in Guam. Dededo has a population of about 47,000 people. Dededo has an area of about 30 miles.


Albertville, Alabama

Albertville is the largest city in Marshall County, Alabama. Albertville had a population of 22,386 people in 2020. It has an area of about 27 miles, and a height of 1,024 feet. Other cities in Marshall County include Arab.

Besenbüren

Besenbüren is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bettwil

Bettwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Biberstein

Biberstein is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Arab, Alabama

Arab is a city in Marshall County, Alabama. Arab had a population of 8,461 people in 2020. It has an area of about and a height of above sea level. Other cities in Marshall County include Albertville.

Abbeville, Alabama

Abbeville is a city in the state of Alabama, in the United States. It is the county seat of Henry County. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2020, 2,358 people lived in Abbeville.

The government of Abbeville is a mayor and a city council. The city council is made up of five people. Each city councilperson is elected from one of five districts in the city.

The coordinates for Abbeville are: (31.566367, -85.251300). According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the size of the city is . This includes of land and 

Abbeville was a colonial town. It is the oldest still standing colonial settlement in eastern Alabama. It's older than Henry County and the State of Alabama. The city was named after a Muscogee Indian man named "Abbe." He was a Native American who lived nearby when the city was started. The name means "a grove of dogwood trees."

In 1819, there was a trading post in Abbeville. (A trading post is a small settlement that has been set up for trading. Trading posts are usually located in remote places.) At this time, the area was part of Alabama Territory.

In 1944, there was a famous civil rights event that happened in Abbeville. An African-American woman was gang-raped by six white men. The men told the police that they had raped her. Two grand juries decided not to take them to court. Because of this, the men were never punished. This event was written about in the book "At the Dark End of the Street."

By 1950, there were 2,162 people living in Abbeville.

In 2020, Abbeville had 2,358 people living there. It was 49.4% white, 44.1% black or African-American, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 2.2% other races, and 3.5% mixed race. Of the people in Abbeville, 2.8% were Hispanic or Latino.

Birmenstorf, Aargau

Birmenstorf is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Birmenstorf

Birmenstorf is the name of a municipality in Switzerland and in the canton Aargau:
It should not be confused with the Birmensdorf in canton Zürich:

Birr, Aargau

Birr is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Aargau.

Birmensdorf

Birmensdorf is a municipality of the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Lake Zürich

Lake Zürich is a lake in Switzerland, that goes southeast of the city Zürich.


Birrhard

Birrhard is a municipality in Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Birrwil

Birrwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It is on the western shore of Lake Hallwil.


Lake Hallwil

Lake Hallwil (German: "Hallwilersee") is a lake in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland. Its surface maximum depth is 48 meters. 


Unterendingen

Unterendingen was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Unterendingen merged into the municipality of Endingen.

Böbikon

Böbikon was a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is south of the border with Germany.

On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Boniswil

Boniswil is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Boswil

Boswil is a municipality in Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Zuzgen

Zuzgen is a municipality in Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bottenwil

Bottenwil is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Böttstein

Böttstein is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Bad Zurzach

Bad Zurzach was a municipality in Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It was the seat of the district. Bad Zurzach was known as Zurzach. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Zurzach

Zurzach is a municipality in Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2022 from the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen. It is the capital of the district. Bad Zurzach was previously known as Zurzach.

Bözen

Bözen was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Bozen

Bozen means one than more thing:


Zufikon

Zufikon is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Geography of the Dominican Republic

The Dominican Republic (Spanish: "República Dominicana") is a country in the Caribbean. It occupies the eastern five-eighths of Hispaniola; Haiti occupies the western three-eighths of the island. The land border between these two countries is 388 km long.

The country has a total area of 48,671 km²; the part on the Hispaniola has an area of 48,215 km² and the small Dominican islands have an area of 159 km². The maximum length, east to west, is 390 km from Punta de Agua to Las Lajas, on the border with Haiti. The maximum width, north to south, is 265 km from Cape Isabela to Cape Beata.

The limits of the country are Haiti to the west, the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the Caribbean Sea to the south. Puerto Rico is to the southeast separated by the Mona Channel, of about 130 km wide. The capital, Santo Domingo, is located on the south coast.

The country has a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "trade winds" (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean), which blow from the Atlantic all year long. The average yearly temperature is 25 °C with small changes from one season to another; the average temperatures change from one region to another, from 21 °C in the centre of the Cordillera Central to as high as 28 °C on the coastal plains. Temperatures very few times get above 32 °C; temperatures get below 0 °C only in the highest mountains in winter. The average temperature in Santo Domingo in January is 25 °C and 30 °C in July.

The rain season is from May to November. The average yearly rainfall is 1,346 mm, with extremes of 2,500 mm or more in the northeastern mountains and 500 mm in the southwestern valleys. The western valleys, along the Haitian border, remain relatively dry, with less than 760 mm of annual precipitation. The northwestern and southeastern extremes of the country are also very dry.

From June to November (mainly from August to October), tropical storms and hurricanes are frequent and can do much damage in the country.

There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of the Dominican Republic. The largest islands are:

Some of the cays are "Cayos Siete Hermanos" (in English, "Seven Brothers Cays"), close to the northwestern coast, and the cays of Samaná Bay.

The Dominican Republic is a country with many mountains; the highest peaks of the Caribbean are found here. The chains of mountains show a direction northwest-southeast and they are separated by valleys with the same general direction.

From north to south, the mountain ranges and valleys are:


The 8 longest rivers of the Dominican Republic are:

The Artibonite River is the longest river of the island but only 68 km are in the Dominican Republic.

The largest lake of the Hispaniola, and of the Caribbean, is the Lake Enriquillo. It is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" with an area of 265 km². There are three small islands within the lake. It is around 40 meters below sea level and is a saline lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water.

Others lakes are "Rincón" (fresh water, area of 28.2 km²), "Oviedo" (brackish water, area of 28 km²), "Redonda", "Limón".

Arbedo-Castione

Arbedo-Castione is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Zofingen

Zofingen is a city in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is the capital of the district of Zofingen.


Arogno

Arogno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino.


Aarwangen

Aarwangen is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Adelboden

Adelboden is a municipality of the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Adelboden (disambiguation)

Adelboden is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Other places named Adelboden:

Aefligen

Aefligen is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Aegerten

Aegerten is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Aeschi bei Spiez

Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality of the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

107 Camilla

107 Camilla is one of the biggest main belt asteroids. It orbits within the Cybele Group, beyond most of the main belt asteroids. It has a very dark surface and is made of carbonate. It was found by N. R. Pogson on November 17, 1868, and named after Camilla, Queen of the Volsci in Roman mythology.

Study of its light curve shows that Camilla's pole probably points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (+51°, 72°) with a 10° uncertainty, which gives it an axial tilt of 29°.

On March 1, 2001, a moon of Camilla was found by A. Storrs, F. Vilas, R. Landis, E. Wells, C. Woods, B. Zellner, and M. Gaffey using the Hubble Space Telescope. It has been labelled S/2001 (107) 1 but it does not yet have an official name.

Later sightings in September 2005 with the VLT allowed scientists to work out its orbit. Apart from data in infobox, the inclination was found to be 3 ± 1° with respect to an axis pointing towards (β, λ) = (+55°, 75°). Given the ~10° uncertainty in the actual rotational axis of Camilla, the orbit's inclination probably is less than 10°.

The moon is estimated to be about 11 km in diameter. If it has the same density as Camilla, this would give it a mass of about ~1.5 kg. It has a similar colour to Camilla.


Aya Ueto

She became famous when she won the jury's special award in the "Japan Bishojo Contest", a beauty and talent competition. Her first single was "Pureness".


Chitose Hajime

Chitose Hajime (元ちとせ "Hajime Chitose") is a singer from Japan. She is from Amami Ōshima and sings in a style particular to that region, with distinctive falsetto effects. Because of this, it is said that her voice has a relaxing effect that has been observed in electroencephalograms taken from the brains of people listening to her singing.

Chitose Hajime was recognized as a gifted folk singer at a young age. She won many folk song competitions, released two traditional folk albums on an indie label, and was approached by many record labels. She decided to study to become a beautician instead of pursuing music. However, Hajime had severe allergic reactions to many of the chemicals used by beauticians. She withdrew from school, and seriously considered a music career.

In 2001, she released a self-titled mini-album on the indie label Office Augusta. The album was covers of older songs, but was so well received that Hajime was pushed to release another mini-album. In August 2001, Chitose released her second mini-album with Augusta Records entitled Kotonoha ( コトノハ, Kotonoha) . This release featured 5 original tracks. 

In 2002 she released her first major label single on Epic Records - "Wadatsumi no Ki" ( ワダツミの木, "Wadatsumi no Ki") . It was the third highest selling single of the year behind only Hikaru Utada 's " traveling ", and Ayumi Hamasaki 's " H ". Three months later, she released a brand new single, "Kimi wo Omō" ( 君ヲ想フ, "Kimi wo Omō") . While also very popular, it was not nearly the success that her first single was, although it did help to cement her as a permanent artist. 

Her first major album, Hainumikaze ( ハイヌミカゼ, Hainumikaze), followed later in the year. It sold 800,000 copies, charted for 57 weeks, and was the 16th highest selling album of the year. 

She released 3 more singles before her second major album, Nomad Soul ( ノマド・ソウル, nomado souru ), was released in 2003. Shortly after a concert tour, and the release of a live album and DVD in 2004, Hajime announced that she would be taking time away from the music scene to get married, and have a child. Her first child miscarried, but she successfully gave birth to a girl on January 20, 2005. 

She returned to the music industry in November 2005 with the single "Kataritsugu Koto" ( 語り継ぐこと, "Kataritsugu Koto"), the ending theme for the anime BLOOD+ . The single was a hit, reaching #12 on the Oricon charts. She followed this success with her next come-back single, "Haru no Katami" ( 春のかたみ, "Haru no Katami"), the ending theme for the anime AYAKASHI - Japanese Classic Horror . This single sold 6050 copies in its first week, and remained on the charts for 7 weeks total. A third single was released before her next album. The single, "Ao no Requiem" ( 青のレクイエム, "Ao no Requiem"), was the theme song for the Studio GAGA film Hatsukoi . It featured 1 extra track, and charted for 3 weeks. The following week, Hajime released her third original major album, Hanadairo ( ハナダイロ, Hanadairo) . The album was available in both a regular edition, and a limited edition. The limited edition featured a 13th track, "Shinda Onna no Ko" ( 死んだ女の子, "Shinda Onna no Ko") with Ryuichi Sakamoto, as well as a DVD containing the music videos for "Kataritsugu Koto", and "Haru no Katami".

Felicity (disambiguation)

Felicity means happiness. It can also mean:


In addition, it can refer to:

Scrabble

Scrabble is a board game that is played by 2, 3 or 4 people. It uses a 15×15 board with squares on it and a large number of letters on small tiles. In the English version of Scrabble, there are 100 tiles. Players take turns putting words on the board using any of the seven letters (seven tiles) that they have in front of them. Their word must connect to another word that is already on the board.

Scrabble was invented in 1938 by an architect named Alfred Mosher Butts. He had previously invented a similar game called "Lexiko". He decided how many points each letter was worth by looking at books and newspapers and counting how often each letter was used in the English language. He called the game "Criss-Crosswords". However, he was not successful in selling the game. In 1948 a lawyer called James Brunot bought the rights to make to game. Brunot made some of the rules easier, and changed the name to "Scrabble", which is a real word meaning “to scratch around frantically”. Soon other firms around the world were buying rights to make the game. It had become so popular by 1984 that it was made into a daytime TV show on NBC television.

The name "Scrabble" today is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada and of J. W. Spear & Sons PLC in other countries.

Many people play Scrabble in clubs and tournaments all over the world. People who play in serious tournaments are given a time limit. They lose points if they spend too long thinking about their moves.

There are websites where one can play Scrabble online.

The players decide who is going to start by taking one letter (one tile) from the bag. The person with the letter closest to the beginning of the alphabet may start.

Each player takes seven tiles from the bag (without looking at what they are). The player puts these tiles on a rack in front of them. This is so the player can see the letters they have, but the other players can not.

The first player puts a word on the board using some, or all, of their seven letters. The first player has to put their word on the star in the middle. After this, players take turns putting words on the board. Each new word placed on the board has to connect to another word. Sometimes it is possible to make two or more words in one turn by touching other letters, but each word on the board reading horizontally (left to right) or vertically (top to bottom) must be a real word.

Once a player plays a word, they take more tiles from the bag to replace the tiles they played. Near the end of the game, there will be no more tiles in the bag. When this happens, players do not take more tiles. The game ends when one player has no more tiles to play. When this happens, the other players add up the points of the letters they have left, and subtract that number from their score. The winner of the game is whoever has the most points.

There are special Scrabble dictionaries used for the game. In these dictionaries, all the allowed words (words that can be played during the game) are listed. When playing according to the proper rules, a player can not use a dictionary. However, if one player puts a word on the board, and another player says it is not an allowed word, then the players may check the dictionary. If the word is not in the dictionary, the player who played the word must take their letters back and lose their turn.

Every letter in Scrabble has a number of points that it is worth. Letters that are used less often in the language are worth more points. For example, in the English version of Scrabble, common letters such as E, T, and A are worth 1 point, while uncommon letters such as Q and Z are worth 10 points. There are also two blank tiles which can be used for any letter. These are worth zero points. For example, a player might place the tiles "C", "A", and a blank tile on the board, and say the blank tile is a T. This makes the word "CAT". For the rest of the game, the blank tile must be used as if it was a T.

There are many squares on the board where a player can get extra points. Some squares allow the player to count that letter twice (light blue) or three times (dark blue). These squares have "double letter score" or "triple letter score" written on them. Other squares allow them to count the whole word twice (light red) or three times (dark red). These squares have "double word score" or "triple word score" written on them. The star at the center of the board is also a "double word score" square.

Player 1 plays the word "TEAR" on the board. The letter "T" is on a "double letter score" square, and the letter "R" is on a "double word score" square.

To find how many points Player 1 gets, the points of each letter are added together: (1 × 2) (T) + 1 (E) + 1 (A) + 1 (R) = 5. The letter T gets twice as many points because of the square it is on. Because the word is on a "double word score" square, this number is multiplied by 2: 5 × 2 = 10. Player 1 gets 10 points for playing this word.

Now it is Player 2's turn. Player 2 adds an "S" to the end of Player 1's word. This makes the word "TEARS". Each of these letters is worth 1 point, so Player 2 will get 1 (T) + 1 (E) + 1 (A) + 1 (R) + 1 (S) = 5 points for playing this word. Player 2 does not get a "double word score" or "double letter score". This is because these squares only give extra points the first time a word is played on top of them.

There are many different versions of Scrabble for other languages. This is because not all languages use the same letters. Some languages also use some letters more often than others. There are versions in languages with other alphabets, such as Russian.

Flow (band)

FLOW is a Japanese music band. The group is made of five men. The group was made in 1998.

Since Flow is a Japanese band, they sing in Japanese, but they often use English sentences or words in their songs. 
Their songs are used in different anime series, like Naruto and Eureka Seven. With starting numbers like: Sign, Go.

This list contains the names and birth dates of group members

Nuremberg Trials

There were two sets of Nuremberg Trials.

The first, and most well known, were the trials of the leaders of Nazi Germany. This was organized by the International Military Tribunal (IMT). The judges and prosecutors were from the four wartime Allies, France, the USSR, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The second set of trials were the 12 "follow up trials" (). These trials were of groups of lower-ranking Nazis, like doctors, and officials of the German Foreign Office. Although the follow up trials were held in the same courtroom as the IMT trials, they were run by the Americans alone. 
The International Military Tribunal was opened on October 18, 1945, in the Supreme Court Building in Berlin. The first session was presided over by the Soviet judge, Nikitchenko. The prosecution brought charges against 24 major war criminals and six criminal organizations – the leadership of the Nazi Party, the Schutzstaffel (SS) and Sicherheitsdienst (SD), the Gestapo, the Sturmabteilung (SA) and the High Command of the German armed forces (OKW).

The indictments were for:


The 24 accused were:

"I" indicted      "G" indicted and found guilty      "O" Not Charged

"I" indicted      "G" indicted and found guilty      "O" Not Charged

The death sentences were carried out on 16 October 1946 by hanging using the inefficient American "standard" drop method instead of the long drop. The executioner was John C. Woods. The French judges suggested the use of a firing squad for the military condemned, as is standard for military courts-martial, but this was opposed by Biddle and the Soviet judges. They said that the military officers acted so badly they did not deserve to be treated as soldiers. The prisoners sentenced to jail were transferred to Spandau Prison in 1947.

The definition of what constitutes a war crime is described by the Nuremberg Principles, a document which was created as a result of the trial. The medical experiments conducted by German doctors and prosecuted in the so-called Doctors' Trial led to the creation of the Nuremberg Code to control future trials involving human subjects.

Four organisations were charged as being criminal. Only the SS was found guilty. These organisations were found not to be criminal:


Orthographic projection

Orthographic projection is a way of showing a 3D object in 2D. It is a form of parallel projection, where the view direction is orthogonal to the projection plane. 


Parallel projection

In linear algebra and functional analysis, a projection is a linear transformation "P" from a vector space to itself such that "P" = "P". Projections map the whole vector space to a subspace and leave the points in that subspace unchanged.


Nonprofit organization

A nonprofit organization (NPO), or non-business entity, is an organization which does not give its surplus income to owners or shareholders.

It uses its revenue and/or capital to achieve its purpose or mission. The decision to adopt a non profit legal structure is one that will often have tax benefits. Governments may see them as supporting activities which help the community.

In England this is more often referred to as "not-for-profit", and includes local and national government. Non-profit organizations are allowed to pay their workers, but sometimes workers at non-profit organizations are volunteers who do not get paid for their work.

Sometimes a non-profit may make money to help other people, which might include helping them start their own business or providing them with food, clothing or shelter. Some non-profits try to help endangered animals or the environment. Some non-profits are small groups of people such as a block association or community group. Others such as trade unions, universities or religions are large and well established, with many assets and many paid workers. 

When a non-profit organization deals with politics or international issues it can be called a non-governmental organization or NGO. The Wikimedia organization, which runs Wikipedia is a non-profit. It is based in Florida in the United States. It is also a not-for-profit corporation.


Expense

An expense, also sometimes called an expenditure, is when money is given in exchange for a good or service.

In accounting, expense has a very specific meaning. It is when cash or some other valuable object goes from a person or company to another person or company.

Deposit account

A Deposit Account is an account at a bank where money can be put in or taken out by whoever owns the account. Each time money is moved, it is recorded in the bank's books. Some banks charge a fee for this, others may pay the customers interest.


Filippo Brunelleschi

Filippo Brunelleschi ( , , also known as Pippo; 1377 – 15 April 1446) was one of the most important architects of the Italian Renaissance and an inventor of the perspective. All of his most well-known works are in Florence, Italy.

Brunelleschi was born in Florence, Italy in 1377. His family consisted of his father, Brunellesco di Lippo, a notary and civil servant, his mother Giuliana Spini, and his two brothers. The family was well-off; the palace of the Spini family still exists, across from the Church of the Trinita in Florence.

The principal buildings and works designed by Brunelleschi or which included his involvement:



Arno

The Arno is a river in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is one of the important rivers of central Italy. 

The river begins on Mount Falterona in the Casentino area of the Apennines. It first takes a curve to the south. The river turns to the west near Arezzo. It passes through Florence, Empoli and Pisa, then flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea at the Marina di Pisa. At a length of , it is the longest river in the region.

A flood on November 4, 1966 collapsed the embankment in Florence. This killed at least 40 people. It also damaged or destroyed millions of works of art and rare books. 40 years later, hundreds of works had still not been restored.

Lake Como

Lake Como () is a glacial lake in Lombardy, Italy. It has an area of . It is the third largest lake in Italy (after Lake Garda and Lake Maggiore). Varenna, Lierna, Bellagio, Menaggio, Limonta, and Tremezzo constitute the geographical area of the Central Lake Como, considered the most iconic and exclusive of Lake Como, and includes only the villages that have a view of the peninsula promontory of Bellagio.

The Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago di Como) the area between Bellagio, Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, Tramezzina and the Comacina Island is the most beautiful and prestigious area of the whole Lake Como where the high European nobility has had its own possessions for centuries. In the Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago) prices per square meter can exceed 350,000 euros, like the Costa Smeralda, which is why George Clooney himself defined Lierna as "like Monte Carlo".

The Lake Center (Centro-Lago di Como), which encompasses the most important and luxurious areas of Lake Como, is renowned for its unique location at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, forming a 'Y' shape. Bellagio is situated in the centre and is surrounded by ancient villages, including Lierne, Sala Comacina to the South, and Menaggio and Varenna to the North. This area includes several prominent towns such as Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Visgnola, Ossuccio, and Tremezzina. It is a region known for its picturesque towns and stunning scenery.

Some of the towns and villages on the shores of Lake Como are Como, Lierna, Lecco, Bellagio, Mandello del Lario, and Lenno.

If the Costa di Como of Lake Como has become the best known to tourists due to the presence of large hotels, the Lecco coast is historically the most important and exclusive, with the beaches of the lake and the most beautiful mountain setting, studied For a long time from Leonardo da Vinci. It is on the coast and the mountains of the Lecco branch, that the excusive and very reserved villas of large industrialists such as the Italian Falcks and Nobles, since the time of ancient Rome, including the Villa Comedia De Plinio the young man in the village is hidden, including the village and nobles. Secret of Lierna, where the order of the knights of the Italian royal family of the Savoy house was also founded. The Ramo of Lecco and its mountains is the one where Leonardo da Vinci was compiled by telling him in his Atlantic code and where probably Mona Lisa realized. On the coast of the Lecco branch of Lake Como Alessandro Manzoni set his Roman "I Promessi Sposi". It is in the villages of Lake Como that poets, writers and poets are inspired and where for centuries nobody wanted tourists.

The village of Lierna Lago di Como, defined by George Clooney as Monte Carlo, who tried to buy Villa Aurelia without ever succeeding, is the most exclusive and secret place of the whole Lake Como. Sigismondo Boldoni who inspired Alessandro Manzoni said "It is Lierna that dominates the whole Lake Como", Leonardo da Vinci explored his mountains. High European nobility, great entrepreneurs and managers including the world president of Mercedes, and the families of Oligarchi Russian, have properties in Lierna Lago di Como and in its mountains, toh the most absolute privacy, in a place made exclusive and full of VIP whose nobody knows anything, also for the fact that it is impossible to park and you can in fact arrive only on the boat. In Lierna or you were born there or you are a VIP that wants to escape from the crowd and tourists.

For many centuries Lierna has been the most exclusive place in the whole of Lake Como, frequented by kings, empresses, princely families, and where the most important managers and billions in the world buy a home, including the world president of Mercedes. The chivalric order was founded in the Church of Lierna which allowed the birth of the royal house of the Kings of Italy, the Savoy. Lierna is the place on Lake Como with the most beautiful life of all Lake Como and the place most represented by painters from all over Europe for many centuries, having a magical atmosphere. The place is very private, the villas are hidden and not even George Clooney has managed to buy a villa offering over 100 million euros for years. It is often said that the inhabitants of Lierna paid for not having Lierna appear on the geographical maps of Lake Como for centuries. It is very difficult to stop in Lierna because there are deliberately no parking spaces and you can only arrive by boat by selecting who comes. Luxury villas in Lierna are priceless and are one of the greatest status symbols in the world. 

Lake Como is famous for its beauty and for its beautiful surroundings. The lake has for many years been a popular place for the aristocracy and the wealthy to relax. Nowadays, there are still a number of celebrities who stay by the lake, which helps to increase the flow of tourists. There are a large number of palaces with beautiful parks, such as Villa Olmo, Villa del Balbianello, Villa Serbelloni and Villa Carlotta. The costs of some villas exceed 100 million euros and it is very difficult to find them with a lake view.

Among the many well-known people who have - or have had - a connection to the lake, can be mentioned:

The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
Lake Como today is consider a super exclusive neighborhood of Milan. 


Lake Maggiore

Lake Maggiore (in Italian: "Lago Maggiore" or "lago Verbano") is the most westerly of the three large prealpine lakes of Italy and the second largest after Lake Garda.

The Spirit of Woodstock Festival is an annual open air festival at the end of July/beginning of August at Mirapuri.


GIMP

The GNU Image Manipulation Program, or GIMP, is a free software picture maker.

It is often used for making logos, making photographs bigger or smaller, changing colours, making many pictures part of one picture, making pictures nicer to look at, and changing file formats.

GIMP is often used as a free software alternative for the most popular Adobe Photoshop, but it is not made to be an Adobe Photoshop clone. GIMPs mascot is named Wilber.

GIMP was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now taken care of by a group of volunteers as part of the GNU Project. The newest version of GIMP is v.2.8 and it was available since March 2009. GIMPs license is the GNU General Public License, so GIMP is free software.

GIMP can be used for opening and changing many types of file formats. GIMPs own file format is XCF, which is the name of the building where GIMP was written.

Some file formats that GIMP can be used with are bitmap, JPEG, PNG, GIF and TIFF. GIMP can also read and write path information from SVG files and GIMP can read Adobe PDF files and the raw image formats used by digital cameras, but cannot write to these formats.


David Ben-Gurion

David Ben-Gurion (born David Grün on 16 October 1886, died 1 December 1973) was the first Prime Minister of Israel. 

He was born in Płońsk, Poland and aspired to create a state of Israel for all the oppressed Jews of Europe. He moved to Palestine and worked as a farmer there until he was expelled during the First World War. After the war he came back and founded the “Confederation of Jewish Workers.” Then he became president of ‘’Mapai’’ or the Israeli Workers Party. Eventually he got what he wanted when the state of Israel was founded after World War II. After leading Israel to victory in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Ben-Gurion helped build the state institutions. He retired from political life in 1970 and moved to Sde Boker, where he lived until his death. He died of a stroke in Tel HaShomer, Israel.

After he died, Ben-Gurion was named one of "Time Magazine's" 100 Most Important People of the Century.

He is the country’s second longest-serving prime minister after Benjamin Netanyahu.


Kotoko

Kotoko (stylized as KOTOKO, born January 19) is a Japanese musician. She was born January 19, in Hokkaido, Japan. She is signed to "I've". She writes the lyrics of her songs by herself, and gives them to other artists. She plays an active role in the animation and game industry.




Mariano José de Larra

Mariano José de Larra (24 March 1809 - 13 February 1837) was a Spanish romanticist writer noted for satire and perhaps the best prose writer of 19th-century Spain.

He was born in Madrid; his father was a doctor in the French army, and, as an "afrancesado", was forced to leave the Peninsula with his family in 1812. In 1817 Larra went back to Spain, knowing less Spanish than French. His nature was disorderly, his education was imperfect, and, after trying obtain a degree in medicine or law, he made an imprudent marriage at the age of twenty, broke with his relatives and became a journalist.

On the 27th of April 1831 he produced his first play, "No más mostrador", based on two pieces by Scribe and Dieulafoy. Though not very original, it is brilliantly written, and held the stage for many years. On the 24th of September 1834 he produced "Macías", a play based on his own historical novel, "El doncel de don Enrique el Doliente" (1834).

The drama and novel are interesting as experiments, but Larra was really a journalist, and the increased liberty of the press after the death of Ferdinand VII gave him opportunities. He was already famous under the pseudonyms of "Juan Pérez de Munguía" and "Fígaro" which he used in "El Pobrecito Hablador" and "La Revista Española" respectively. People in Madrid laughed at his grim humour; ministers feared his vitriolic pen and courted him; he defended Liberalism against the Carlist rebellion; he was elected as deputy for Ávila, and a great career seemed to lie before him. But the era of military pronunciamientos ruined his personal prospects and patriotic plans. His writing took on a more sombre tinge; domestic troubles increased his pessimism, and after a disastrous love-affair, he committed suicide by shooting himself in February 1837.

Larra lived long enough to prove himself the greatest prose-writer that Spain had during the 19th century. He wrote at great speed with the constant fear of the censor before his eyes, but no sign of haste is seen in his work, and the dexterity with which he aims his venomous shafts is amazing. His political instinct, his abundance of ideas and his forcible, mordant style would have given him a foremost position at any time and in any country; in Spain in his own period, they placed him beyond all rivalry.



Luis de Molina

Luis de Molina (born 1535 in Cuenca; died October 12, 1600 in Madrid) was a Spanish Jesuit and writer.

At the age of eighteen Molina became a member of the Society of Jesus. He studied theology at Coimbra. After this, he became professor in the university of Évora, Portugal. From this post he was called, at the end of twenty years, to the chair of moral theology in Madrid.

Besides other works he wrote "De liberi arbitrii cum gratiae donis, divina praescientia, praedestinatione et reprobatione concordia" (4 vo., Lisbon, 1588); a commentary on the first part of the "Summa Theologiae" of Thomas Aquinas (2 vols., fol., Cuenca, 1593); and a treatise "De jure et justitia" (6 vols., 1593-1609).

Henrik Ibsen

Henrik Johan Ibsen (born 20 March 1828 – 23 May 1906) was a Norwegian realist playwright. He is often called the "father of modern drama."

Ibsen is held to be the greatest of Norwegian authors and one of the most important playwrights of all time, celebrated as a national symbol by Norwegians. His greatest works can be said to be "A Doll's House" or "Enemy of the People."

Bead

A bead is a small item with a hole in it for stringing. Beads can be threaded together on a string. Beads can be made from many different things including wood, glass, and gemstones. The oldest known beads are over 100,000 years old. Beads, made from stones, have been found in the graves of the kings of Egypt. Clay beads have always been made in abundance. They were first painted in patterns similar to those used on bowls or pots. 

Making beads in clay is a skill which is easy to learn. The clay material presents a design opportunity limited only by the imagination and expertise of the maker. 

During the last century in the western hemisphere, the wearing of beads has become the prerogative of woman. Yet throughout history, men have worn great quantities of beads to show their masculinity and virility. As early as 5000 BC men and women alike valued wearing strands of shell, stone, teeth and bone beads. Faience and Carnelian beads found in an Egyptian tomb date back to 4000 BC. Phoenician trade ships carried beads to and from Egypt as early as 2500 BC so it is impossible to know for sure how long beads were really in circulation. The graves of Egypt reveal the development of the craft of bead making better the those of other civilizations due to the trade routes established in continental Europe. From 3000-1900 BC, the Amber Routes ran from Moravia, France and Austria to Russia, England and Spain. Ancient trade routes went to the Far East as well as Africa.
Today, there are many types of the beads including silver beads, stone beads, fire polish, and swarovsky crystal beads. Stringing beads on beading wire is one of the most popular methods for making beaded jewellery and motifs. This can be worn as bracelets, necklaces, and anklets. In Japan, beads making came into fashion when Crown Princess Masako made her swarovski beads necklace by herself. Bead art shows are held in November every year, and beads lovers publish their work. They often become trendsetters.

African trade beads 
slave beads 

Julius Streicher

Julius Streicher (born : 12 February 1885 in Fleinhausen,Bavaria,Germany/died : 16 October 1946 in Nuremberg,Bavaria,Germany) made propaganda for Nazi Germany. He published the racist newspaper "Der Stürmer". His publishing company also sold three anti-Semitic books for children, including the 1938 "Der Giftpilz" ("The Poison Mushroom"). This was one of the most commonly read pieces of propaganda. The book said that Jewish people were dangerous, just like a nice-looking but deadly mushroom. 

After World War II, Streicher was convicted of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg Trials. He was executed.

Streicher was born in Fleinhausen, Bavaria. He was an elementary school teacher.

In 1913, Streicher married Kunigunde Roth, a baker's daughter, in Nürnberg.

The next year, World War I started. Streicher joined the German Army. During the war, he won the Iron Cross. By the time the war ended in 1918, Streicher was a lieutenant. 

Streicher and his wife had two sons: Lothar (born in 1915), and Elmar (born in 1918).

In 1919, Streicher was active in the "Schutz- und Trutz-Bund", an anti-Semitic organization. In 1920, he turned to the newly formed German Socialist Party ("Deutschsozialistische Partei"). This political party had nearly the same ideas as the Nazi Party. Streicher wanted to make it more anti-Semitic. Most members of the German Socialist Party did not want this, so Streicher and his followers moved to the "German Working Community" () in 1921. 

The German Working Community wanted to bring together all the different anti-Semitic groups in Germany. In 1922, Streicher joined his followers with Adolf Hitler's. This almost doubled the number of people in the Nazi Party. It also made Hitler grateful to Streicher for the rest of his life. 

Streicher took part in the Munich Beer Hall Putsch in 1923. That same year, he started the racist newspaper "Der Stürmer". He was also the paper's editor. Streicher used the newspaper to stir up a deep hatred of everything and everyone Jewish. At its most popular, in 1935, about 480,000 people read "Der Stürmer."

In the newspaper, Streicher argued that the Jews had helped cause the money problems Germany had during the 1920s. These problems included unemployment, inflation, and economic depression (not having enough money going through the economy). He claimed that Jews made white people into slaves, and were responsible for over 90 percent of the prostitutes in Germany.
After the Nazi Party was re-founded, Streicher became Gauleiter (district leader) of Franconia. After 1933, he practically ruled the city of Nuremberg. He was nicknamed "King of Nuremberg" and the "Beast of Franconia." 

In 1940, Nazi leaders took away all of Streicher's jobs and power in the Nazi Party. They did this because:

However, Streicher stayed on good terms with Adolf Hitler until Hitler killed himself on April 30, 1945. 

On May 7, Germany surrendered, ending the war in Europe. Two weeks later, on May 23, Streicher was captured by the Americans. Just days before he was arrested, he married his former secretary, Adele Tappe. His first wife, Kunigunde Streicher, had died in 1943 after 30 years of marriage. 

Julius Streicher was found guilty of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial. He was sentenced to death on October 1, 1946.

Streicher was not a member of the military during World War II. He also was not part of planning the Holocaust, the invasion of Poland, or the Soviet invasion. But because he encouraged so much support for the hatred and extermination of Jews, the prosecutors decided to try him for crimes against humanity.

Streicher's last words on October 16, 1946, were "Heil Hitler," and "The Bolsheviks will hang you one day!" He is also reported to have cried out "Purim Fest 1946!" He thought that Jews would start a new holiday on the date that he and his fellow Nazis were hanged, just as they had started Purim to mark the execution of Haman.

Streicher's execution did not go as planned. Most eyewitnesses say that he died by slow strangulation rather than by a quick broken neck. This happened to other Nazis too. It happened because of the type of hanging used at Nuremberg. The executioner may have eventually had to kill Streicher, who was still groaning and swinging on the rope some time after he was hanged.



Bremgarten, Aargau

Bremgarten is a municipality in Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014 the former municipality of Hermetschwil-Staffeln merged into the municipality of Bremgarten.


Zetzwil

Zetzwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Zeiningen

Zeiningen is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Zeihen

Zeihen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mihimaru GT

mihimaru GT is a J-pop band started by Hiroko Akutsu and Mitsuyuki Miyake. 


Brittnau

Brittnau is a municipality in Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Brugg (disambiguation)

These are municipalities and places that have the name Brugg or Brügg:


Brugg

Brugg is a city in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is the capital of the district of Brugg.

Since 2010, Umiken has been part of the city. On 1 January 2020 the municipality of Schinznach-Bad merged into Brugg.


Brunegg

Brunegg is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Buchs, Aargau

Buchs is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bünzen, Aargau

Bünzen is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Burg, Aargau

Burg is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Büttikon

Büttikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Buttwil

Buttwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

The village is west of Muri.

Densbüren

Densbüren is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Dietwil

Dietwil is a municipality of Muri district in Aargau canton in Switzerland.


Dintikon

Dintikon is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Sabaneta, Dominican Republic

San Ignacio de Sabaneta is a city and municipality in northwestern Dominican Republic. It is the main city of the Santiago Rodríguez province. It is usually called only "Sabaneta" or "Santiago Rodríguez".

The town was founded in 1844 by Santiago Rodríguez and others in a small savanna ("Sabaneta" means a "small savanna") north of the Cordillera Central mountain range. In 1854, the town was elevated to the category "Military Post" and in 1858 it became a municipality of the Santiago province.

"San Ignacio de Sabaneta" was the centre of the fight against the Spanish soldiers during the first period of the Restoration War (1863-1865).

When in 1879 Monte Cristi became a province, San Ignacio de Sabaneta was made a municipality of that new province. When the new province of Santiago Rodríguez was created in 1948, San Ignacio de Sabaneta was made the head municipality of the province.

The city had, in , a total population of 34,540: 17,935 men and 16,605 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San Ignacio de Sabaneta is on the northern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") and has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Santiago Rodríguez. The city is an elevation of , and at to the northwest of Santo Domingo.

It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).

The municipality of San Ignacio de Sabaneta has the Monte Cristi province to the north, the municipality of Monción to the northwest, the Santiago province to the west, the San Juan province to the southeast, the Elías Piña province to the south and the municipality of Villa Los Almácigos and the Dajabón province to the west.

San Ignacio de Sabaneta has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is December with .

San Ignacio de Sabaneta is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming: tobacco and cattle raising for milk.

Dottikon

Dottikon is a municipality in Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Döttingen, Aargau

Döttingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Dürrenäsch

Dürrenäsch is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Effingen

Effingen was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Eggenwil

Eggenwil is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Egliswil

Egliswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Eiken, Aargau

Eiken is a municipality in Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Elfingen

Elfingen was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Sarnen

Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.


Kerns

Kerns is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.


Sachseln

Sachseln is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.


Alpnach

Alpnach is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


Giswil

Giswil is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


Lungern

Lungern is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


Engelberg

Engelberg is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


121 Hermione

121 Hermione is a very big asteroid of the dark C spectral type, orbiting in the Cybele group in the farther part of the main belt. As a C-type, it is probably made of carbonate.

Hermione was found by J. C. Watson on May 12, 1872, and named after Hermione, daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology. Hermione is a Cybele asteroid and orbits beyond most of the main belt asteroids.

The asteroid has an odd shape, as evidenced by adaptive optics images, the first of which were taken in December 2003, with the Keck telescope. Of many proposed shape models that agreed with the images, a "snowman"-like shape was found to best fit the seen precession rate of Hermione's moon.

Observation of the moon's orbit has made possible a correct determination of Hermione's mass. For the best-fit "snowman" model, the density is found to be 1.8 ± 0.2 g/cm³. This gives a porosity of the order of 20%. This could be because the main asteroids are fractured solid bodies, but not a rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken up by a collision and pulled back together by gravity).

Occultations by Hermione have been successfully seen three times so far, the last time in February 2004.

A moon of Hermione was found in 2002 with the Keck II telescope. The moon is currently called S/2002 (121) 1. It has not yet been officially named, but the name "LaFayette" has been suggested by a group of astronomers. This is after the ship used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the Americans during the American Revolutionary War.


Hermione

Hermione can mean different things:

In names:


In literature:

In other uses:

Endingen, Switzerland

Endingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Unterendingen merged into the municipality of Endingen.

Ennetbaden

Ennetbaden is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ray Toro

Raymond Toro, born on July 15, 1977 in Kearny, New Jersey. Toro is the lead guitarist and one of two backup vocalists for My Chemical Romance. He plays Gibson Les Paul guitars with Seymour Duncan pickups through Marshall amplifiers. He helped form the band in 2001 after reconnecting with frontman Gerard Way and drummer Matt Pelissier.

When he was younger he enjoyed the music of Queen, Metallica, Megadeth, and Slayer and he cites Brian May and Randy Rhoads as large influences on his playing. Toro has said that he grew up listening to his brothers rock albums and has always wanted to play the drums, though he sticks to guitar with My Chemical Romance.

On April,13 2011, #SINGItForJapan was released as an effort to raise money for Japan after the tsunami. This project was started when Toro was inspired by kind words from their fans, and he went on to arrange much of the instruments to create a sound that closely emulated traditional Japanese music.


Belleville, New Jersey

Belleville is a Township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the United States 2020 Census, the township population was 38,222.


Kearny, New Jersey

Kearny (pronounced ) is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. It was named after Civil War general Philip Kearny. As of the United States 2020 Census, the town population was 41,999.


Frank Iero

Frank Anthony Thomas "Frank" Iero, Jr. (born October 31, 1981) is the youngest member of the band My Chemical Romance. He was born in Belleville, New Jersey and attended Queen of Peace High School in North Arlington. He attended Rutgers University on scholarship but then dropped out for the band after he felt they were beginning to get somewhere. Iero is a rhythm guitarist and is one of the two backup vocalists for the 
alternative rock band My Chemical Romance. He was also in other bands such as Leathermouth, Pencey Prep, Death Spells, Frank Iero and the Celebration, Frank Iero and the Patience, and Frank Iero and the Future Violents.

Mikey Way

Michael James Way (born September 10, 1980) is an American musician. He is the bass guitarist for the punk band; My Chemical Romance. Way is the younger brother of the band's singer, Gerard Way. He's from Belleville, New Jersey. Way grew up with his brother Gerard and their parents Donald and Donna Way (nee Rush).

Mikey Way joined My Chemical Romance in 2001. The other members of the band were his older brother and singer, Gerard Way, drummer Matt Pelissier, and lead guitarist Ray Toro. He is most notable for giving the band its name from an Irvine Welsh novel he read while working at a Barnes and Noble. The novel was "Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance." 
After several weeks on their first tour, Mikey left college to play with the band full time. He has always been a main member of My Chemical Romance, but he left the band for a short time in early 2007. This was shortly after his marriage to Alicia Simmons. He was replaced by Matt Cortez on that tour. He rejoined the band later that year. Way was with the band for the rest of the time, until the band broke up on March 22, 2013, but as of October 31, 2019, he is in the band as of the reunion

Way has performed on all five of the band's studio albums.


ENIAC

ENIAC (which meant "Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer") was a computer built between 1943 and 1946. It was designed by two people called John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert. The machine was built out of nearly 17,500 vacuum tubes, 7,200 diodes and many miles of wire. It took up of space, which is the size of a large room.
The history of computers is complex, and many machines have been identified as the "first computer". ENIAC's claim is based on the fact that it was more programmable than previous ones.

Because the computer was built out of vacuum tubes, it often broke. This meant that someone had to find the failed tube (which was "not" an easy job), take the bad tube out and put a working tube in.

Making programs for the computer was difficult. Making the computer ready for one single program could take many days or even weeks. This was because the programming had to be done by pulling wires from one place to another. This was not hard for small programs, but if a large program was wanted, it was very hard work. Programming by pulling wires was used until 1948, when a special type of memory was added (called Read Only Memory (ROM), because the computer could read it but not write it). After that, programming was done by using switches, which only took hours instead of days.

The ENIAC was first designed to print firing tables for U.S. Army artillery, but the war ended before the machine was completed. Instead, its first real job (not test) was to calculate how neutrons would go through various materials. This was needed in making a hydrogen bomb. ENIAC took 70 hours to work out pi to 2000 decimal places. A modern PC with a CPU of the size of 2x2 cm is much faster than ENIAC, which used up a whole room of space. For an example, a modern PC can work out a million (1,000,000) decimal places of pi in about ten seconds.

ENIAC was shut down forever on October 2, 1955. Now, only about 10 panels of the 40 exist. Although the original is shut down, programs written for the ENIAC can still be run on a modern computer using an emulator.

National Democratic Party of Germany

The National Democratic Party () is a far-right political party in Germany. It is usually just called the NPD.
It was formed after the Deutsche Reichspartei dissolved in 1964.

It is not the same as the old Hessian Nationaldemokratischen Partei. That was one of the parties which joined to form the Deutsche Reichspartei in 1949.

The German government tried to get the NPD banned in 2003, but the Bundesverfassungsgericht threw the case out when some of the leaders of the party turned out to be agents or informers of German security services, including the Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz, the "Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution", which still lists the NPD as a dangerous organisation because its policies are a threat to the peace and stability of Germany and the constitution. The NPD is also referred to as being Neo-Nazi, as it openly opposes Turks, blacks, gays and Jews.

Austral thrush

Austral thrush ("Turdus falcklandii") is a common bird found in southern South America. It has a brown head. Its breast is gray-yellow. Its beak is solid and yellow. It has dark brown eyes with yellow eyebrows.
It has a hard voice


130 Elektra

130 Elektra is a very big farther main belt asteroid. It was found by C. H. F. Peters on February 17, 1873 and named after Electra, an avenger in Greek mythology.

Its spectrum is of the G type, so it is probably made up like Ceres. Spectral signatures of organic compounds have been seen on Elektra's surface 

Recent optical sightings have found a moon (see below). Using its orbit, Elektra's mass can be found more correctly. The value of 1.3 kg indicates an unusually high density (for asteroids) of 3.8 ± 0.3 g/cm³. Optical sightings have also determined that Elektra's shape is quite non-spherical, as well as giving indications of albedo differences of 5-15% on its surface.

In 2003, a small moon of Elektra was detected using the Keck II telescope. The diameter of the moon is 4 km and it orbits at a distance of about 1170 km. The moon has been given the provisional designation S/2003 (130) 1. Due to only a few sightings to date, its orbit is still not well known 


Absinthe

Absinthe is a distilled highly alcoholic drink. It is 45–74% alcohol by volume / 90–148 U.S. proof) beverage. It is an anise-flavoured spirit won from herbs. The herbs including the flowers and leaves of "Artemisia absinthium" ("grand wormwood"), together with green anise, sweet fennel.

Absinthe has a natural green colour but may also be colourless. It is commonly referred to in historical literature as """" (the green fairy). It is not a liqueur, because it is not traditionally bottled with added sugar; therefore it is a spirit. 

Absinthe is bottled at a high level of alcohol, but it is usually diluted with water before it is drunk.
Absinthe came from Val-de-Travers, Switzerland. It was very popular in late 19th and early 20th century France. Parisian artists and writers drank it. The romantic associations with the drink still lingers in popular culture. At the end of 1900 the French were drinking over 2 million litres of absinthe a year. By 1910 this had increased to 36 million litres. Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce, Charles Baudelaire, Paul Verlaine, Arthur Rimbaud, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Amedeo Modigliani, Pablo Picasso, Vincent van Gogh, Oscar Wilde, Aleister Crowley, Erik Satie and Alfred Jarry were all known absinthe drinkers.

Absinthe has often been thought a dangerous addictive psychoactive drug and hallucinogen. The chemical compound thujone, although present in the spirit in only trace amounts, was blamed for its alleged harmful effects. By 1915, absinthe had been banned in the United States and in much of Europe, including France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland and Austria-Hungary. 

However, it has not been shown to be any more dangerous than ordinary spirits. Recent studies have shown that absinthe's psychoactive effects (apart from the alcohol) have been exaggerated. A revival of absinthe began in the 1990s, after modern European Union food and beverage laws removed barriers to its production and sale. By the early 21st century, nearly 200 brands of absinthe were being produced in a dozen countries, most notably in France, Switzerland, Australia, Spain, and the Czech Republic.

The precise origin of absinthe is unknown. Wormwood has been in medical use since 1500 BC. In 1797, Henry-Louis Pernod, opened the first absinthe distillery, called "Dubied Père et Fils", in Couvet. In 1805 Pernod built a second distillery in Pontarlier, France,

Absinthe's popularity grew slowly. In the 1840s absinthe was given to French soldiers as a malaria treatment. When the troops returned home, they started to drink absinthe with water. It became popular at bars and bistros. After the 1860s absinthe had become so popular that it was for sale in most cafés and cabarets. By the 1880s the price had dropped a lot, the market got bigger, and absinthe soon became "the" drink of France. By 1910 the French were drinking 36 million litres of absinthe per year. 

Absinthe was often linked with violent crimes supposedly committed under its influence. Combined with hard liquor use and the low price, absinthe became a social problem in France. Wine makers groups often publicized problems with absinthe. Journalists blamed absinthe for many social problems.

In 1900 absinthe was banned in Switzerland. The banning of absinthe was even written into the constitution in 1907, following a popular initiative. The Netherlands banned absinthe in 1909, followed by the United States in 1912 and France in 1915. Around the same time, Australia banned the liquor too. After the absinthe prohibition, wine and whiskey makers had a big increase in sales.

In the 1990s an importer discovered that there was no UK law banning the sale of absinthe. It had never been banned in the UK. Hill's Liquere, a Czech Republic distillery founded in 1920, began manufacturing Hill's Absinth. This was a Bohemian-style absinthe, which started a rebirth in absinthe's popularity.

It has never been banned in Spain or Portugal, where it continues to be made. France never changed the law of 1915. In 1988 a new law was passed. This bans only drinks that call themselves 'absinthe' and drinks that do not meet with European Union laws on thujone. Thujone is the chemical which was thought to cause the hallucinatory (bad dream) effect of absinthe.

In the Netherlands, the old law banning absinthe was successfully challenged by the Amsterdam wine seller Menno Boorsma. In July 2004 it became legal to make absinthe again.

In Switzerland, the constitutional ban on absinthe was removed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution. The ban was written into ordinary law instead. Absinthe is now not only sold in Switzerland, but is once again distilled in its Val-de-Travers birthplace.

In the United States the laws banning absinthe are hard to understand. In some states it is legal have a bottle of absinthe, but not to buy or to produce it. The export and import of absinthe is probably illegal.

Traditionally, absinthe is put into a glass. A sugar cube is then placed in the bowl of a special spoon. Ice-cold water is poured or dripped over the sugar until the drink is diluted. During this process, the parts that are not soluble in water make the liquid cloudy. The resulting milky opalescence is called the "louche".

The main herbs used to produce absinthe are green anise, florence fennel and grande wormwood, often called the 'holy trinity'. Many other herbs may be used as well, such as hyssop, melissa, star anise, petite wormwood ("Artemisia pontica" or Roman wormwood), angelica root, Sweet Flag, dittany leaves, coriander, veronica, juniper, nutmeg, and various mountain herbs.

The herbs are first soaked, a step called "maceration". Heat is added in the process of distillation which extracts a pure liquid. Wormwood, anise, and Florence fennel produce a colorless liquid or distillate that is about 72% alcohol. The distillate can be bottled clear, to produce a "Blanche" or "la Bleue" absinthe. A second step can add color to the liquid using artificial or natural coloring. 


Ernst Reuter

Ernst Rudolf Johannes Reuter (29 July 1889 - 29 September 1953) was a German politician.

Reuter was born in the small Prussian town of Apenrade (today Aabenraa in Denmark).

After getting his abitur in 1907 at the Gymnasium in Leer (East Frisia) he went to Marburg to study philosophy and social sciences. In 1909 he moved to the university in Munich. In Munich he first came in touch with the ideas of socialism. He returned to Marburg in the autumn of 1910 and in 1912 took the state examination there.

Ernst Reuter then worked as a private tutor in Bielefeld. He joined the Social Democratic Party in Bielefeld, but soon went to the SPD party executive to Berlin where he worked in the central education committee.

Reuter did not believe in war. He founded the pacifist, group "Neues Vaterland" .

In 1916 Reuter was ordered into the imperial army. He was a courier on the eastern front. He was seriously wounded and became a Russian prisoner. He studied Russian in the prison camp, followed the Bolsheviks, and was appointed People's Commissar in the Volga German Republic in December 1917.

But Reuter returned to Germany in November 1918. He joined the Communist Party (KPD) and became First Secretary of the Berlin city party in 1920. The KPD expelled him in January 1922, and later that year Reuter returned to SPD.

In 1926, after having been editor of the SPD newspaper "Vorwärts" ("Forwards"), he started working for the Berlin Transport Department. Reuter oversaw the creation of the "Berliner Verkehrs-Aktien-Gesellschaft" (BVG) in 1928. The BVG was a merger of all of the underground, tram, and bus companies in the city. At the time the BVG was the largest public transport company in the world. It still operates today, as part of the Berlin-Brandenburg Transport Group.

Reuter was mayor of Magdeburg from 1931 up to the take-over by the National Socialists; he belonged to the SPD parliamentary group in the Reichstag at the same time. After being arrested several times Ernst Reuter was freed from a concentration camp after help from English friends. He moved to live in the Netherlands, then Great Britain and Turkey. He worked as an adviser for the Turkish government in traffic matters. In 1938 he became a professor for urban development and town planning at the Administration Academy in Ankara.

Ernst Reuter returned to Berlin in November 1946 and became head of the city's traffic department again.

The Soviet veto stopped Reuter from becoming mayor in June 1947. But he played on a central role also under the acting Mayor Louise Schröder.

The elections set for 5 December 1948 could only take place in the western sectors. The SPD gained almost two-thirds of the votes so they were the strongest party. On 7 December the old city council met once again and elected Ernst Reuter as mayor. This choice was confirmed by the new parliament on 14 January 1949. Although the SPD lost about 20 per cent of the votes in the elections on 3 December 1950, Ernst Reuter remained in the office. The vote in parliament between Reuter and the CDU candidate Walther Schreiber had ended with a stalemate. Schreiber withdrew in favour of Reuter who took the new official title of Regierender Bürgermeister, at the head an all-party coalition with the from SPD, CDU and FDP.

Ernst Reuter stayed in charge of Berlin for another two years and eight months. He died of a heart attack in Berlin.

Würenlos

Würenlos is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Würenlingen

Würenlingen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Wölflinswil

Wölflinswil is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wohlenschwil

Wohlenschwil is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wohlen, Aargau

Wohlen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wittnau, Aargau

Wittnau is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wislikofen

Wislikofen was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Windisch

Windisch is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton (or state) of Aargau in the country Switzerland. In 2014, about 7,143 people lived in Windisch. Home of the Swiss railway archives.


Wiliberg

Wiliberg is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wettingen

Wettingen is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wegenstetten

Wegenstetten is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Waltenschwil

Waltenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wallbach, Aargau

Wallbach is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Vordemwald

Vordemwald is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Villnachern

Villnachern is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Villmergen

Villmergen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2010, Hilfikon is part of the municipality.

Villigen

Villigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2006, Stilli has been part of the municipality.


Veltheim, Aargau

Veltheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Untersiggenthal

Untersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Unterlunkhofen

Unterlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Unterkulm

Unterkulm is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Unterentfelden

Unterentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Unterbözberg

Unterbözberg was a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Unterbözberg, Gallenkirch, Linn and Oberbözberg merged into the new municipality of Bözberg.

Umiken

Umiken was a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2010, it is part of the city of Brugg.

Uezwil

Uezwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. 

Uerkheim

Uerkheim is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ueken

Ueken is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Turgi

Turgi is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. In 2002, Turgi got the Wakker Prize for saving its historical buildings. 

Thalheim, Aargau

Thalheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Teufenthal

Teufenthal is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Tegerfelden

Tegerfelden is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Tägerig

Tägerig is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Suhr, Aargau

Suhr is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Strengelbach

Strengelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Stilli

Stilli is a former municipality of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. Since 2006, it is part of the municipality of Villigen.


Stetten, Aargau

Stetten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Stein, Aargau

Stein is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Staufen, Aargau

Staufen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.

Staffelbach

Staffelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Sisseln

Sisseln is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Sins, Aargau

Sins is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wil (disambiguation)

Wil or WIL could mean:




Wil, Aargau

Wil was a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Wil, Etzgen, Hottwil, Mettau and Oberhofen merged into the new municipality of Mettauertal.

Widen

Widen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Sulz

Sulz is the name for several concepts:









Sulz, Aargau

Sulz was a municipality, in the municipality of Laufenburg and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Spreitenbach

Spreitenbach is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Canton of Zug

The Canton of Zug is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland. It is in central Switzerland and its capital is Zug. With 239 km² in area, the canton is one of the smallest of the cantons. It does not contain any districts as there are not enough municipalities to warrant any districts.

The canton of Zug is in central Switzerland. The canton of Lucerne and Canton of Aargau lie to its west. To the north is the Canton of Zürich; to the west and south is the Canton of Schwyz. The canton has two lakes inside of it, both of which make up a large part of the canton's area. They are the lakes of Zug and Ägeri. 

The eleven municipalities of the canton are: 


Lake Zug

The Lake Zug (German: "Zugersee") is one of the lesser known Swiss lakes, on the outskirts of the Alps and north of Lake Lucerne. It is fed by the Aa, which descends from the Rigi and enters the south end of the lake. The Lorze feeds the lake at the northern shore.

For the most part, the lake is in the Canton of Zug, but the southern end is up to 10 km in the canton of Schwyz, while the Canton of Lucerne stretches over a 2 km area by the Immensee. 

At its northern end the shores are nearly level, while on the west shore the wooded promontory of Buonas (with its castles, old and new) projects picturesquely into the waters. The principal place on the lake is the town of Zug. Three railways follow the shore of the lake, one from Zürich via Zug and Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard, one from Lucerne via Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard and one from Zürich via Zug to Lucerne.

Many fish (including pike and carp of considerable weights) are taken from the lake, which is especially famous for an endemic kind of trout ("Salmo salvelinus", locally called "Rolheli"). Because of farming runoff, it is not one of Switzerland's cleanest lakes.


In 1911, a railway was built around the lake.

The first steamer was placed on the lake in 1852.


Ardon

Ardon can mean:

Ardon, Switzerland

Ardon is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Chamoson

Chamoson is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Nendaz

Nendaz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Vétroz

Vétroz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Erlinsbach

Erlinsbach is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:


Erlinsbach, Aargau

Erlinsbach is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Etzgen

Etzgen was a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Etzgen, Hottwil, Mettau, Oberhofen AG and Wil AG merged into the new municipality of Mettauertal.

Fahrwangen

Fahrwangen is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Fischbach-Göslikon

Fischbach-Göslikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Fisibach

Fisibach is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Fislisbach

Fislisbach is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Freienwil

Freienwil is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Frick, Aargau

Frick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.


Full-Reuenthal

Full-Reuenthal is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gallenkirch

Gallenkirch was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It has a middle school, but the district school is in Brugg

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Gallenkirch, Linn, Oberbözberg and Unterbözberg merged into the new municipality of Bözberg.


Gansingen

Gansingen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gebenstorf

Gebenstorf is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Geltwil

Geltwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gipf-Oberfrick

Gipf-Oberfrick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gontenschwil

Gontenschwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gränichen

Gränichen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Habsburg, Switzerland

Habsburg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It is the ancestral place of the House of Habsburg.


Hägglingen

Hägglingen is a municipality in Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Hallwil

Hallwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Hausen bei Brugg

Hausen bei Brugg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Hellikon

Hellikon is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Hendschiken

Hendschiken is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

2007 Zoé's Ark controversy

The Chadian orphan children scandal was about six French citizens from the aid group L'Arche de Zoe. On October 26, 2007, they were about to fly 103 Sudanese children to France from Chad. Chadian authorities claimed that the children were not orphans from Darfur in Sudan, but children from Chad with parents still alive. For that reason, the six workers were arrested in an airport on October 26, 2007. On December 21, they stood trial for kidnapping of 103 children. Chad's interior minister, Ahmat Bachir, said that the French suspects could face up to 20 years of hard labour in a Chad prison if they are convicted. The six suspects started a hunger strike in protest against the Chad court and the charges brought against them. On December 26, 2007, the six French aid workers were sentenced to eight years with hard labour in prison by a court in Chad. The French prime minister promised to talk with the Chadian government to try to bring the six aid workers back to France. In that case, they would have to serve their eight-year prison sentence in France.


AAA: Attack All Around

AAA (Triple A) is a Japanese music group. The group was formed in 2005, and were awarded a new face award in the same year. They are signed to "avex trax". 
The group members were Takahiro Nisijima, Naoya Urata, Misako Uno, Mituhiro Hidaka, Shinjiro Atae, Shuta Sueyoshi and Chiaki Ito.
They play an active role in J-pop. 

ALI PROJECT

ALI PROJECT is a Japanese musical group. The members of this group are Arika Takarano and Mikiya Katakura. They play an active role in Japanese animation. 

Benny Goodman

Benny Goodman, born Benjamin David Goodman, (May 30, 1909 – June 13, 1986) was an American jazz musician who played the clarinet. He was called "The King of Swing", "Patriarch of the Clarinet", "The Professor", and "Swing's Senior Statesman".

Goodman was the son of poor Jewish immigrants in Chicago, Illinois. They lived in Chicago's Maxwell Street neighborhood. He learned to play clarinet in a boys' band run by a charity. He became a strong clarinet player at an early age, and began playing professionally in bands while still wearing 'in short pants'.

His early influences were New Orleans jazz clarinet players in Chicago such as Johnny Dodds, Leon Ropollo, and Jimmy Noone.

Goodman joined one of Chicago's top bands, the Ben Pollack Orchestra, at the age of 16, He made his first recordings with them in 1926. He started making records under his own name two years later.

Goodman left for New York City. He became a good session musician during the late 1920s and early 1930s. He was known as a solid player because he was prepared and reliable. He played with the nationally known bands of Red Nichols, Isham Jones, and Ted Lewis. Then he formed his own band in 1932.

In 1934, he tried out for the "Let's Dance" radio program. Since he needed new charts every week for the show, his friend John Hammond suggested that he buy some jazz charts from Fletcher Henderson, who had New York's most popular African-American band in the 1920s and early 1930s. The combination of the Henderson charts, his strong clarinet playing, and his band that practiced well made him a rising star in the mid-30s.

He performed at the Palomar Ballroom in Los Angeles on August 21, 1935. Because of this show, he became known across the United States His radio broadcasts from New York were too late at night for many people on the East Coast to hear them, but Goodman had many fans in California, and a very excited crowd greeted Goodman. This got a lot of attention across the nation, and made the Goodman Band popular very fast. Some writers have said that this was the start of the Swing Era.

Goodman continued his fast rise throughout the late 1930s with his big band, his trio and quartet, and a sextet. On January 16, 1938, his band made a famous appearance at Carnegie Hall. By the mid-1940s, big bands became less popular. Some reasons for this are that talented musicians were entering the military or getting better-paying factory jobs, gasoline and rubber rationing during WWII, two long musician recording strikes, and the rise of popular singers like Frank Sinatra.

Goodman continued to play on records and in small groups. He would sometimes organize a new band and play in a jazz festival, or go on a tour, playing in other countries. He continued to play the clarinet until he died in 1986 in New York City.

Goodman also helped racial integration in America. In the early 1930s, black and white jazz musicians could not play together in most clubs or concerts. In the Southern states, racial segregation was enforced by law. Benny Goodman broke with tradition by hiring Teddy Wilson to play with him and drummer Gene Krupa in the Benny Goodman Trio. In 1936, he added Lionel Hampton on vibes to form the Benny Goodman Quartet. Goodman was so famous that his band could afford to not go on tour in the southern states, where the people in his band might have been arrested because of their race.

Masafumi Akikawa

Masafumi Akikawa is a Japanese tenor singer. He was born October 11, 1967, in Ehime, Japan. His representative work is "Sen no kaze ni natte", this song was sung in annual NHK sponsored year-end men versus women singing contest in 2006.

Artie Shaw

Artie Shaw (May 23, 1910 – December 30, 2004) was an American musician. He is considered to be one of the best jazz musicians of his time. He was a jazz clarinet player, composer, and bandleader. He also wrote both fiction and non-fiction writings.

He was born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky in New York, New York. He began learning the saxophone when he was 15. By age 16 he began to tour with a band. He returned to New York City and became a session musician. During the Swing Era, his big bands were very popular with hits like "Begin the Beguine" and "Stardust".

During World War II he joined the U.S. Navy. He served in the Pacific theater as the leader of a service band (similar to Glenn Miller's wartime band in Europe). 

In 1953, Shaw was brought up before the House Un-American Activities Committee for his leftist activities. The committee was investigating a peace activist organization, the World Peace Congress, which it considered a communist front.

Throughout his musical career, Shaw would take time off. He would quit the music business and pursue his writing career. In 1955, Shaw stopped playing the clarinet. After that, he focused on writing, especially semi-biographical fiction.

In 1981, he organized a new Artie Shaw Band with clarinetist Dick Johnson as bandleader and soloist. Shaw himself would guest conduct from time to time, ending his self-imposed retirement.

In 1991, Artie Shaw's band library and manuscript collection was donated to the University of Arizona. In 2004, he was presented with a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

Shaw was married eight times: Jane Cairns (1932); Margaret Allen (1934-37); Lana Turner (1940); Betty Kern (1941-43), daughter of songwriter Jerome Kern; Ava Gardner (1945-46); "Forever Amber" author Kathleen Winsor (1946-48); Doris Dowling (1952-56) and Evelyn Keyes (1957-85). He had two sons by Kern and Dowling.

In his later years, Shaw lived and wrote in the Newbury Park section of Thousand Oaks, California. Shaw had adult onset diabetes. In December 2004, he died due to the disease at age 94.

Edward R. Murrow

Edward R. "Ed" Murrow (April 25, 1908 – April 27, 1965) was a
American journalist and television and radio figure. He first became known for a series of radio news broadcasts during World War II. These broadcasts were followed by millions of listeners in the United States and Canada. Many historians think he was one of journalism's greatest figures. Murrow hired the best war correspondents. He was known for his honesty and integrity in delivering the news. He was a pioneer of television news broadcasting. 

Murrow produced a series of TV news reports that helped lead to the censure of Senator Joseph McCarthy. He was portrayed by David Strathairn in the 2005 movie "Good Night, and Good Luck."

Good Night, and Good Luck

Good Night, and Good Luck. is an Academy Award-nominated American 2005 movie directed by George Clooney. It was written by Clooney and Grant Heslov and is set in 1953. It portrays the conflict between veteran radio and television journalist Edward R. Murrow and U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin, especially relating to the Senator's actions with the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.

The movie, although released in black and white, was filmed on color film stock but on a grayscale set. It was later color corrected to black and white during post-production. It is about media responsibility. It also addresses what occurs when the media offer a voice of dissent against the government. The movie takes its title from the line with which Murrow routinely closed his broadcasts.

Taglines: "They took on the government with nothing but the truth"; "We will not walk in fear of one another."

AnnaSophia Robb

AnnaSophia Robb (born December 8, 1993) is an American actress and model. The films in which she starred include "Because of Winn-Dixie" (2005), "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005), "Bridge to Terabithia" (2007), "Race to Witch Mountain" (2009), "Soul Surfer" (2011), and "The Way, Way Back" (2013). She also played the lead role of Carrie Bradshaw on The CW's series "The Carrie Diaries" from 2013 to 2014.

Robb was born in Denver, Colorado, the daughter of Janet, an interior designer, and David Robb, an architect. She was named after her maternal great-grandmother, Anna Sophie, and her paternal grandmother, Anna Marie. Robb is of Danish, English, Irish, Scottish, and Swedish descent. She grew up in a Christian home and was home-schooled. She started taking an interest in acting and began by performing in front of 500 individuals on her church stage. She competed in dance and gymnastics for four and a half years, but quit in order to focus on acting. In 2009, the "Arapahoe Herald" reported that she was attending Arapahoe High School in Centennial, Colorado. She graduated in 2012.

At age 9, she was scouted by an agent, and she and her mother drove down to Los Angeles. After several auditions, she was given the opportunity to appear in a commercial, advertising Bratz dolls that would be aired nationally. After appearing in a commercial for McDonald's, Robb had a small role in the episode, "Number One Fan" of the television series "Drake & Josh". Her first major role was the title character in the television special, "". She wore a long brown wig for the role.

Robb's two big-screen appearances in 2005 were both adaptations of popular children's books. She starred as Opal in "Because of Winn-Dixie" and as the competitive and rude Violet Beauregarde in Tim Burton's remake of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". The latter was a major box office success worldwide, and helped escalate Robb's popularity among pre-teen audiences.

In 2005, Robb was the face of Trad Clothing, helping to design and model a fashion line for girls. In 2006, she had a guest role on the cartoon show, "Danny Phantom" as the voice of Danielle "Dani" Fenton. Robb played Leslie Burke in "Bridge to Terabithia" with Josh Hutcherson, which opened in U.S. theaters on February 16, 2007. She recorded a song for the soundtrack titled, "Keep Your Mind Wide Open", and the accompanying video received rotation on the Disney Channel. The song peaked at No. 90 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 during the week of March 1, 2007, giving Robb her first charting single. Robb was a fan of the book before being cast in the role, saying that it "touched me in a way I hadn't been touched by a book before".

Robb went on to appear in "The Reaping", "Have Dreams, Will Travel", "Jumper", and "Spy School". Despite negative reviews of the film overall, Robb's performance in "Sleepwalking" garnered praise. "Time" film critic Richard Schickel said: "There is a wonderful range to Robb's work...this is extraordinarily mature acting from someone this young and she wins our sympathy without once begging for it." In 2008, she recorded the voice of Mary Magdalene in "The Word of Promise: Next Generation – New Testament: Dramatized Audio Bible". She also starred in "Race to Witch Mountain" (2009). In 2010, she appeared in "The Space Between". She then starred in "Soul Surfer", playing Bethany Hamilton, who continued to surf after losing her arm in a shark attack.

In May 2011, Robb was announced to star as Wendy in a new and dark take on the classic story about Peter Pan, tentatively titled, "Pan", but later dropped out of the project. It was reported on February 3, 2012, that Robb had landed a role in "Life at These Speeds". Later that month, Robb was cast as Carrie Bradshaw in The CW's "Sex and the City" prequel, "The Carrie Diaries", and appeared in the summer comedy, "The Way, Way Back".

In October 2013, Robb started filming for "Jekyll Island", starring alongside Frank Grillo, Ed Westwick, Dianna Agron, John Leguizamo, Minnie Driver, and Maggie Q. The film is directed by Aram Rappaport and produced by Hilary Shor, Atit Shah and Aaron Becker. "Jekyll Island" is set to release in 2017.

Robb played the role of Alice Green in the "PBS" Civil War historical drama series "Mercy Street" from 2016 to 2017.

In 2014, Robb was enrolled at New York University.

Robb was one of the demonstrators at the 2017 Women's March held on January 21, 2017 in Washington, D.C..

On March 30, 2008, Robb won her first career award when she was named Leading Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards for her role in "Bridge To Terabithia". The film itself won a Young Cast award. On April 24, 2009, she received the "Horizon Award" at the 14th Annual Palm Beach International Film Festival. She was awarded the Rising Star Award at the Denver Film Festival on November 12, 2009.


Joseph Conrad

Joseph Conrad (3 December 1857 – 3 August 1924) (real name: "Józef Teodor Konrad Korzeniowski") was a Polish writer. Conrad did not learn to speak English well until he was in his twenties and always had a Polish accent.

Conrad's prose style is considered as one of the best of all English novelists. He also is seen as important for paving the way to modernist literature. His narrative style and anti-heroic characters have influenced many modern writers and inspired such films as "Apocalypse Now" (after Conrad's "Heart of Darkness").

Conrad lived in the time of the British Empire and worked in the Merchant Navy.






Modernist literature

Modernist literature is the literary form of modernism. It does not mean "modern" in the sense of recent in time.

Literary modernism has its origins in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, mainly in Europe and North America. Modernism is characterized by a break with traditional styles of poetry and verse. Modernists experimented with literary form and expression. Ezra Pound's maxim was "Make it new". The horrors of the First World War had an effect. Thinkers such as Sigmund Freud and Karl Marx were influential.

Modernist literature was at its height from 1900 to 1940, and featured such authors as Knut Hamsun, Vladimir Nabokov, T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway, Franz Kafka, Joseph Conrad, Virginia Woolf, Andrei Bely, W.B. Yeats, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Ezra Pound, D.H. Lawrence, Katherine Mansfield, Gertrude Stein, Samuel Beckett, Menno ter Braak, Marcel Proust, Thomas Mann, Mikhail Bulgakov, Robert Frost and Boris Pasternak.

One strand of modernist literature is the concept of "the outsider". A good survey is the book of this title by Colin Wilson.

V. S. Naipaul

Sir Vidiadhar Surajprasad Naipaul, TC (17 August 1932 in Chaguanas, Trinidad and Tobago – 11 August 2018 in London) was a British writer. He was born in Trinidad and Tobago. He lived in Wiltshire. He was better known as V. S. Naipaul. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was the first person of Indian origin to win a Booker Prize (1971).

Naipaul died on 11 August 2018 in London at the age of 85. That was less than a week before his 86th birthday.

 Fiction

Non-fiction



Booker Prize

The Booker Prize, known in the past as the Man Booker Prize and the Booker Prize for Fiction, is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original full-length novel, written in the English language, by a citizen of either the Commonwealth of Nations or the Republic of Ireland.

To win the Booker Prize generally means to gain international success.


Dubliners

Dubliners is a collection of 15 short stories by James Joyce, an Irish writer. It was his first book and was first published in 1914.

The fifteen stories were supposed to describe very well the life of Irish people living in and around Dublin in the early years of the 20th century.

The stories in the collection are first told by children, and as the stories continue they deal with the lives of older people. The last story, "The Dead", is the longest and the most famous.

The fifteen stories are, in order:

Federal Ministry of the Interior (Germany)

The Ministry of the Interior of Germany is a ministry of the federal government. It is based in a brand new building in the Moabit area of Berlin-Mitte. The BMI has a second office in Bonn. It is not the same as the United States Department of the Interior.

The ministry handles affairs about security and police, so it is more like the British Home Office.

Each state also has a ministry of the interior.

The Federal Ministry of the Interior is responsible for the security inside Germany, the protection of the constitution, the public service, the organisation of the public administration, the civil defence, information technology and sports. The BMI also buys motor vehicles for the federal government, and has its own motor vehicle registration office.

The various State laws about health and safety do not apply to the Federal Government. Instead the BMI is the with health and safe authoirty for all federal bodies. It keeps the federal accident reigster.

The European Union sometimes complains that this is wrong. It says that the Federal health and safety authority should be independent.

Bundesausgleichsamt (BAA) Federal Equalization of Burdens Office (helping small states which need to spend a lot of money for some jobs)

Bundesamt für Migration und Flüchtlinge Federal Office of Migration and Refugees (BAMF)

Bundesakademie für öffentliche Verwaltung Federal Academy for Public Administration (BAköV)

Beschaffungsamt Procurement (buying)office (BeschA)

Bundesbeauftragter für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (BfD)

Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV)

Bundespolizei Federal Police (BPol) (formerly: "Bundesgrenzschutz Federal Border Guard" (BGS))

Bundesinstitut für Bevölkerungsforschung Federal Institute for Population Research (BIB)

Bundesinstitut für Sportwissenschaft Federal Institute for Sports Science BISp)

Bundeskriminalamt Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA)

Bundesamt für Kartographie und Geodäsie Federal Office of Cartography and Geodesy (BKG)

Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung Federal Office for Civic Education (bpb)

Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik Federal Office of Information Technology Security (BSI)

Bundesverwaltungsamt Federal Administration Office (BVA)

Bundesamt für Bevölkerungsschutz und Katastrophenhilfe Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance (BBK)

Schutzkommission beim Bundesminister des Innern Security Commission of the Federal Minister of the Interior

Fachhochschule des Bundes für öffentliche Verwaltung Federal College for Public Administration (FH bund)

Koordinierungs- und Beratungsstelle der Bundesregierung für Informationstechnik in der Bundesverwaltung Coordination and Advice Centre for Information Technology in the Federal Government (KBSt)

Statistisches Bundesamt Federal Statistical Office (destatis)

Technisches Hilfswerk Emergency relief organisation (THW)

Unabhängige Kommission zur Überprüfung des Vermögens der Parteien und Massenorganisationen der DDR Independent Commission for Checking the Property of the Parties and Mass Organisations of the DDR (UKPV)|

Vertreter des Bundesinteresses beim Bundesverwaltungsgericht Federal Interests Representative at the Federal Administrative Court (VBI)

Beauftragter der Bundesregierung für Aussiedlerfragen und nationale Minderheiten Federal Ombudsman for Resettled Persons and National Minorities

Bundesanstalt für den Digitalfunk der Behörden und Organisationen mit Sicherheitsaufgaben Federal Agency for Digital Radio of Security Authorities and Organizations(BDBOS.)


Just

Just may refer to:


Hurricane Helene (2006)

Hurricane Helene was one of the strongest hurricanes of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. It is tied with Hurricane Gordon, which was also very strong. It was the ninth tropical storm, fourth hurricane and second strong hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.

Helene was a long Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean. When it was at its strongest, it was a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. It reached this level as it travelled across the central Atlantic. It never hit land until the very end of its life as a weak extratropical cyclone. It only had a small effect in the northern British Isles.

In the second week of September, a strong tropical wave started moving off the coast of Africa. It was well-organized from the start, and on September 11, even before it entered the Atlantic, the National Hurricane Center believed that it could quickly turn into a tropical depression. That is what happened, and it became Tropical Depression Eight on the morning of September 12.

Because the depression was so big, it was quite slow to develop, combined with some easterly wind shear in the eastern Atlantic and because of the Saharan Air Layer to the north as it moved south of the Cape Verde islands. The actual strengthening was slowed down because convection was very slow. However, on September 13, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Helene. The storm slowly strengthened over the warm waters of the eastern Atlantic as it tracked west-northwest.

Some dry air from the Saharan Air Layer kept slowing Helene's strengthening on September 14 as Helene was still a weak tropical storm. However, an sudden strengthening happened on September 15 as shear got lower.

On the morning of September 16, the storm began to make a ragged eye and strengthened to Hurricane Helene. The intensity stayed the same for a while as a weak Category 1 hurricane, as the strengthening was slowed down by medium wind shear even though there was not a lot of dry air. Late that evening, the storm began to slowly get stronger once again.

On September 17, the strengthening became faster and Helene became a Category 2 hurricane that morning as the eye became clearer and surrounded by deeper convection. Helene also turned more northward and slowed down in the central Atlantic, which was because of a weakness in the subtropical ridge farther north created by Gordon. Because Helene turned north, the hurricane was moved away from any land areas. The strengthening kept going through the afternoon, and that evening, Helene strengthened into a large hurricane with 115 mph (185 km/h) and a minimum central pressure of 962 mbar. As shear stayed low and the oceans stayed warm, Helene got a little bit stronger. At the most, it was a strong Category 3 hurricane with 120 mph (195 km/h) winds early on September 18. At that time, Helene and Gordon were at roughly the same longitude in the open ocean.

As Gordon moved eastward on the afternoon of 18th, a narrow ridge built in, forcing Helene westward. The eyewall collapsed quite a lot, and Helene weakened into a Category 2 hurricane, where it stayed for about 48 hours until September 20 because of a long eyewall replacement cycle and a stretched out cloud pattern. On the 20th, Helene turned back to the northwest and weakened a bit because wind shear got a bit bigger. That afternoon, the hurricane was downgraded to a Category 1 hurricane, which Helene stayed as until becoming extratropical.

Early on September 21, the motion moved to the north as it moved along the northwest edge of the subtropical ridge. That movement kept going throughout the day, however, Helene began to turn more to the north-east that evening along the edge of the subtropical ridge, east of Bermuda. Because wind shear got lower and the water was quite warm at around 81 °F (27 °C), Helene stayed as a Category 1 hurricane without any big changes to its strength. The strength stayed at around 80 mph (130 km/h) before strengthening a bit late on September 22, even though it lost some tropical features (it was put back down to a tropical storm for a short amount of time) as it sped up northeast in the north Atlantic. When QuikSCAT analysed it early on September 23, they said that it was definitely a high-end Category 1 hurricane with 90 mph (145 km/h) winds.

Helene turned into a "hybrid" storm with both tropical and extratropical features that afternoon, with a deep, warm core. After that, bigger shear weakened Helene once again, although it stayed as a hurricane-strength storm until it was fully extratropical on the morning of September 24. After becoming fully extratropical, the storm weakened as it moved eastward, becoming a gale center west of Ireland early on September 27. It eventually merged with a larger extratropical low near the northern end of the British Isles late on the 27th.

While Helene was a tropical cyclone, the storm never came close to land. Three ships were caught in the outer part of Helene. The strongest of these reported 56 mph (91 km/h) winds early on September 23 in the north Atlantic. Though it stayed far away from the island, the hurricane made rough waves in Bermuda. As a weakened extratropical system, strong wind gusts were reported in Ireland and northern Scotland. The strongest wind gust in Ireland was at the Valentia Observatory, where 56 mph (91 km/h) gusts were reported. In Scotland, the strongest gust was on South Uist Island in the Outer Hebrides, where 74 mph (118 km/h) gusts were reported. No damage or deaths were reported because of Helene.



Alle, Switzerland

Alle is a municipality of the district Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Electronic component

An electronic component is a basic electronic element. Components can be connected together to make circuits. Components can be single items (resistor, transistor) or in more or less complex groups like integrated circuits (logic gate, resistor array).

A thin metal conductor

A flexible conducting electrical or optical link.

A physical device with a number of metal contacts that allow devices to be easily linked together.

A mechanical or hard state device that can electrically connect or isolate two or more lines.



Asuel

Asuel is a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and district Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Beurnevésin

Beurnevésin is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Boncourt, Switzerland

Boncourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bonfol

Bonfol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bressaucourt

Bressaucourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipality of Bressaucourt merged into the municipality of Fontenais.

South Uist

South Uist (Scottish Gaelic: "Uibhist-a-Deas") is an island of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland. In the 2001 census it had a usually resident population of 1,818. There is a nature reserve and a number of sites of archaeological interest, including the only location in Great Britain where prehistoric mummies have been found. The population is about 90% Roman Catholic. The island, in common with the rest of the Hebrides, is one of the last remaining strongholds of the Gaelic language in Scotland. In 2006 South Uist, and neighbouring Benbecula and Eriskay were involved in Scotland's biggest community land buyout to date. In the north west there is a missile testing range.


Outer Hebrides

The Outer Hebrides, often called the Western Isles, make up an island chain off the west coast of Scotland. It is also a parliamentary constituency. The northern island is Lewis and Harris. South of Lewis and Harris is a series of islands, such as South Uist, Benbecula and North Uist. The Outer Herides includes a number of even smaller islands.

The isles form part of the Hebrides, and are separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides. 

Formerly the dominant language of the Islands, Scottish Gaelic remains spoken even though it has now been largely supplanted by English in some parts.

Sea transport is crucial and a variety of ferry services operate between the islands and to mainland Britain. 

The Western Isles became part of the "Suðreyjar" kingdom of the Norse, who ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266. Control of the islands was then held by clan chiefs. 

Most of the islands have a bedrock formed from ancient metamorphic rocks and the climate is mild and oceanic. The Gulf Stream runs nearby. The 15 inhabited islands have a total population of about 26,500 and there are more than 50 substantial uninhabited islands.

Much of the archipelago is a protected habitat including both the islands and the surrounding waters. There are 53 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) of which the largest are Loch an Duin, North Uist at and North Harris, which is in extent.

Loch Druidibeg on South Uist is a National Nature Reserve owned and managed by Scottish Natural Heritage. The reserve covers 1,677 hectares across the whole range of local habitats.

Historical footnote: Many websites of the Outer Hebrides derive content from the Eolas Virtual Hebrides, website. This was once the largest rural website in the world. Eolas went bankrupt in 2000 and the Eolas TV company became MacTV. The web design team became Reefnet and the content has largely found a home on GlobalGuide.Org. 

Sites deriving partly from the original Virtual Hebrides

Other Outer Hebrides websites

Space Shuttle Atlantis

Space Shuttle Atlantis (OV-104) is the fourth space shuttle run by NASA. It was named after a sailing boat used for ocean research by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute.

Hurricane Gordon (2006)

Hurricane Gordon was a strong Category 3 hurricane that crossed the Azores as a Category 1 hurricane, making it the first hurricane to directly impact the Azores since 1991. Gordon's remnants also affected Western Europe. It was the eighth tropical storm, third hurricane and first major hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.

The original development of this system can be linked to Hurricane Florence. It began as a tropical wave right behind Florence in the first week of September, which at first was absorbed into the large circulation of then-Tropical Storm Florence. As Florence began to organize and move northwest, the wave managed to break from the circulation again and slowly organize in spite of hostile conditions at first. On September 10, it had organized enough to be declared Tropical Depression Seven northeast of the Lesser Antilles. With Florence far away from the system, conditions became more favorable for development, and it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gordon on September 11 while moving slowly westward.

The conditions remained favorable as Gordon steered through a hole in the ridge near the Azores, allowing it to avoid land. It continued to strengthen, becoming a hurricane on September 12 and rapidly organizing into a strong Category 2 hurricane less than 24 hours later. The quick development continued on September 13, and by that evening, it had strengthened into a major hurricane - the first of 2006 - while maintaining a very small size. Gordon would remain a major hurricane for over 24 hours before cooler water began to set in and Gordon gradually weakened early on September 15.

The steering currents would also weaken greatly and Gordon became nearly stationary for about 24 hours before a trough would come in and push Gordon northeastward. By the morning of September 16, Gordon was barely a hurricane and was forecast to weaken over cooler waters. However, that did not happen, and Gordon actually strengthened a little bit while moving northeastward and became better organized. That trend continued for over 48 hours, and Gordon increased in strength slowly, becoming a Category 2 hurricane. While the forecast constantly showed a weakening trend the Azores were threatened by Gordon. Gordon reached its secondary peak of 105 mph (165 km/h) on the morning of September 19, before weakening again.

It remained a hurricane as it crossed the Azores. Shortly after that it weakened and became extratropical. The remnants of Gordon then began to interact with a large Atlantic low pressure area to the west of Ireland and an associated weather front extending south. It tracked towards the north-west of the Iberian Peninsula and then on September 21 turned northwards towards south-west Britain and Ireland. By the morning of September 22 it had become completely absorbed into the Atlantic low.

With Gordon expected, all nine Azores Islands were placed on red alert by the Portuguese government, and people were asked to take emergency precautions. The Meteorological Service of the Azores gave out hurricane warnings for all of the islands. The civil protection agency head Antonio Cunha closed all schools as a precautionary measure. Fishermen were also ordered to stay on land. Residents were warned to stay indoors, close doors and windows, clear storm sewers and move livestock to safe areas. Forecasters warned of winds as high as 105 mph (170 km/h), along with heavy rain and waves of up to 12 metres (40 ft) high lashing coastal areas.

In Spain Galicia was placed on red alert - the highest level - by authorities who were expecting the extratropical remnants of Gordon. Classes on September 21 were also stopped by the regional education ministry. 11 other regions of Spain, including as far east as Madrid and as far south as Andalusia, received lower levels of warning.
Stormy conditions caused by the remnants of Gordon were expected to affect the 2006 Ryder Cup in Straffan, County Kildare, Ireland, starting fears that the event could be interrupted and delayed. Strong gusts and heavy rain associated with another system had already caused some damages, resulting both teams to delay their second practice rounds. This led to concerns about the possible state of the course by the time the tournament proper was expected to start on September 22, leading to the possibility of further interruptions and possible changing of the normal rules. As a result, September 25 was set aside as an additional "reserve day" by organizers at the K Club. 

On September 19 it was reported that the remnants of Gordon would cause high winds and rainfall in parts of the United Kingdom. The UK Met Office stated that a "period of very windy weather" with "exceptionally severe gales" was expected for much of Northern Ireland and Scotland. Northern Ireland was expected to receive the worst of the storm, with severe gales as high as 80 mph expected. There were also warnings of localised flooding, with up to two inches (50 mm) of rain expected to fall. In addition, Wales and western England were warned of gusts of up to 50 mph.

The Azores escaped a lot of severe damage. There were only reports of toppled trees and power lines, knocking out power to some communities, particularly on Santa Maria Island.

Gordon hit the northwestern province of Galicia as a strengthening extratropical storm early on September 21. Gusts as strong as 101 mph (165 km/h) were seen at Fisterra. Even near Madrid, reported winds of 65 mph (107 km/h) raked Punto Navacerrada. Heavy rainfall, up to 2.58" (65.5 mm) at Canfranc, fell across Spain. The pressure plummeted to 989.7 hPa at A Coruña. Waves as high as 7 metres were also reported. Trees, traffic lights, containers and placards were all blown over by the strong winds. One man was injured from a tree falling on his car. Overall damage was light, but some roads were blocked.

On September 20, practice rounds for the Ryder Cup were temporarily delayed due to high winds, but Meteorological Office charts showed these to be associated with a different Atlantic low pressure area rather than effects of Gordon itself.

The remnants of Gordon caused stormy conditions late on September 21, with 1,500 homes losing power. The worst affected areas were on the east coast between Drogheda and Wexford and in the south around Cork and Limerick. 

Earlier on the 21st, a woman attending the Ryder Cup in County Kildare was injured after a tree branch fell near a golf buggy in which she was travelling. Additionally, the event's media centre was evacuated because of high winds. However, the gates opened at 06:00 on September 22 as originally planned and the tournament's first day went ahead without major disruption.

The remnants of Gordon hit south-west Britain late on September 21. A gust of 81 mph (130 km/h) was recorded and power lines were hit, leaving more than 1,000 homes without power in Truro, Cornwall. In Devon, the rail line between Exeter and Plymouth was damaged by high surf at Dawlish, causing disruption to services. A section of seawall 10 m (33 ft) long was also eroded near the track. A tree fell onto a campervan in Yeoford, but no injuries were reported. 

Gusts of up to 75 mph affected Northern Ireland during the night of the 21st & 22nd. Up to 100,000 houses lost power as tree branches fell on power lines. Fallen trees caused widespread disruption: in County Down, several people had to be rescued from their vehicles after trees had fallen on them; flooding was also reported at Rostrevor. Several roads across the province were blocked by fallen trees, including the M1 motorway and the main roads from Derry to Belfast and Coleraine. The Foyle Bridge in Derry was also closed for two hours early on the 22nd due to high winds.

In Scotland, high winds led to the cancelling of ferry services from Stranraer and Cairnryan. Lorries on the A715 road were forced to park on the roadside overnight due to dangerous driving conditions.

One positive effect from the extratropical remnants of Gordon was observed in Newquay, Cornwall, where large waves and swells up to 2.5 m (8 ft) high made for excellent surf conditions.


Tropical Storm Debby (2006)

Tropical Storm Debby was the fifth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Debby formed just off the coast of Africa on August 21 from a tropical wave. After passing near the Cape Verde islands, Debby moved northwestward for much of its life, reaching a peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km/h). Strong wind shear weakened the storm, and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean.

Debby was forecasted to pass through the southern Cape Verde islands as a tropical storm, possibly causing life-threatening flooding.The National Hurricane Center continually predicted Debby to strengthen into hurricane status, though strong vertical shear prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane.

A strong tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20. A large area of low pressure formed within the wave the next day while 260 miles southeast of the Cape Verde islands. Though convection decreased early on August 21, the area of low pressure stayed well-organized and the system developed into Tropical Depression Four late on August 21. Water temperatures remained warm enough for development, while upper level shear was minimal as the depression moved west-northwestward because of a ridge of high pressure to its north. Original predictions by the National Hurricane Center also forecasted a turn to the northwest based computer model predictions, as quoted by forecaster James Franklin, "The models have also been excellently wrong thus far".

In spite of a decrease in convection shortly after forming, the large depression remained well organized, with a 575 mile wide wind field. On August 22, as it passed 140 miles (225 km) miles to south of the Cape Verde islands, deep convection developed over the center of circulation, and early on August 23 the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Debby about 300 miles southwest of Cape Verde. Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened, and on August 23 Debby reached its peak intensity of 50 mph over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean. Forecasters predicted Debby to continue to strengthen to reach hurricane status, while its projected path placed the storm in an area of warm water temperatures and moderate upper level shear.

Shortly after reaching its peak intensity, Debby encountered an area of dry air, and as a result weakened. The low level circulation detached itself from the dying convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward. Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center, while banding features redeveloped as well. Organization continued, and Debby again reached intensity of 50 mph on August 24. Southerly wind shear displaced the convection to the north of the center, and Debby weakened to a weak tropical storm on August 25. The center of the storm became asymmetric and elongated, and on August 26 Debby weakened to a tropical depression. Convection remained minimal and it quickly degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure. The low turned to the north and north-northeast ahead of an approaching trough, and on August 28 the low dissipated.

The government of the Cape Verde islands gave out tropical storm warnings at the same time with the issuance of the first advisory on Tropical Depression Four, meaning tropical storm conditions were expected in the area within 24 hours. The National Hurricane Center stated that heavy rainfall, possibly as high as 10 inches in mountainous areas, would be possible in the territory, possibly causing life-threatening flash floods and mudslides.

However, because of a reformation further to the south, tropical storm warnings were discontinued as the depression left the area. While passing around 115 miles to the southwest of the southwestern most islands, the depression produced a 35 mph wind gust at Fogo and some rainfall, though no damage was reported.

Long range forecasts brought the storm near Bermuda. However Debby remained over 900 miles from the island at its closest approach.

Though the storm was forecasted to remain far away from the Gulf of Mexico, investors tracking the storm caused the price of crude oil to rise 60 cents a barrel due to the possible impact to oil installations.



Fogo, Cape Verde

Fogo (Portuguese for "fire") is a volcanic island in the Sotavento group of Cape Verde. It is the most prominent of the group, rising to nearly 3,000 m (10,000 ft) above sea level at Pico do Fogo.

Hurricane Isaac (2006)

Hurricane Isaac was the final tropical cyclone of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. It reached peak strength of Category 1 just before striking Newfoundland, where it produced tropical storm-force winds. Isaac followed the path of the three previous storms in the Atlantic basin, Florence, Gordon, and Helene. Isaac formed in the central North Atlantic Ocean and moved eastward toward Europe.

Hurricane Isaac formed off the coast of Africa on September 18. Intensification was partly suppressed by high wind shear and by cool sea surface temperatures in the wake of Hurricanes Gordon and Helene. Isaac reached tropical storm strength on September 28 and entered an area of low wind shear, allowing it to strengthen into an 85 mph (137 km/h) hurricane. Its intensity nearly matched forecasts made with the Statistical Hurricane Intensity Prediction Scheme (SHIPS).

On October 1, Isaac turned northeast and struck Newfoundland as a tropical storm. Two days later, it merged with a newly formed baroclinic low off the east coast of the United States. The merged system was forecast to move toward the area between Greenland and Great Britain. Isaac produced rainfall over Newfoundland of up to 25 mm (1 in). No deaths or damage were reported. Isaac was the second storm to affect Newfoundland during the season, the other being Hurricane Florence.

Isaac started as a tropical wave that moved away from Africa on September 18. An area of disturbed weather began interacting with the tropical wave as deep convection increased on September 23. The convection began to organize, and weather agencies to release the first Dvorak numbers on the system.

The SHIPS models predicted that the system would become a hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 88 knots (150 km/h) after 120 hours. However, the system was slow to organize and a Tropical Cyclone Formation Advisory was not issued by the National Hurricane Center (NHC) until four days later. The NHC, however, decided the convection was not strong enough to justify classification as a tropical depression and the TCFA was discontinued. Three days later, on September 27 another TCFA was issued, announcing the formation of the ninth tropical depression of the Atlantic season.

The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Isaac on September 28, just twelve hours after the cyclone's formation. Deep convection was slow to form that day since the system remained over cold waters that had upwelled in the wake of Hurricanes Gordon and Helene. The next day, the cyclone moved west-northwestward and started gaining subtropical characteristics while its convection deepened. Vertical shear weakened as the system moved away from the cold, upwelling waters and the core of Isaac started re-developing. Atmospheric conditions remained favorable and Isaac reached hurricane status on September 30. Isaac continued strengthening a little bit during the next day near Bermuda, reaching its peak intensity with sustained winds of 85 mph (135 km/h) and minimum central pressure of 985 mbar. Isaac's winds quickly weakened to 80 mph (130 km/h), but its central pressure did not change.

Isaac encountered cooler waters as it approached Newfoundland on October 1, and weakened into a tropical storm on October 2. Isaac made landfall on the Avalon Peninsula as a weak tropical storm on October 2 and maintained tropical cyclonic structure and deep convection. Soon after, Isaac turned into an extratropical storm and merged with a larger extratropical system on October 3 off the Avalon Peninsula.

A tropical storm "watch" was sent up on October 1 for the Avalon Peninsula. The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm "warning" the next day. Another watch was issued for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas, although it was quickly removed. On October 2, all tropical cyclone watches and warnings were taken away. Heavy rain and gusty winds were expected. Because of this, rainfall warnings were declared for parts of southern Newfoundland. Wind and gale advisories were also given out over the Atlantic Ocean.

On October 2, a ship called the "Elektra" (call sign SIWB) reported winds of while it was located about to the east of the center of the storm. Two other ships, many buoys, and a few oil platforms also recorded strong winds. Waves off the coast reached about heigh.

Isaac did not have much impact on land. No people were killed, and there was no bad damage. However, some parts of the Avalon Peninsula had tropical storm conditions. At Cape Race, constant winds were as high as , with wind gusts of up to . The strongest winds remained offshore. Since the storm was moving so quickly, it did not drop much rainfall; precipitation usually amounted to below .



Baroclinic

In fluid dynamics, baroclinicity is a measure of the stratification in a fluid. A baroclinic atmosphere is one for which the density depends on both the temperature and the pressure; contrast this with barotropic atmosphere, for which the density depends only on the pressure. In atmospheric terms, the barotropic zones of the Earth are generally found in the central latitudes, or tropics, whereas the baroclinic areas are generally found in the mid-latitude/polar regions.

Foreign Office of Germany

The traditional name of the ministry handling Germany's foreign affairs is the Foreign Office or AA (). It is responsible for the foreign policy as well as the German EU politics. It is led by the federal Minister for Foreign Affairs ()

The Foreign Office is part of the foreign service of Germany. The other part is the parts of the other agencies of the federal government based abroad.

The Foreign Office handles contact between Germany and other countries or international organisations such as the United Nations. This included trying to get a permanent seat in the Security Council of the United Nations as part of the proposed 2005 UN reforms.
The Foreign Office is near the old DDR Foreign Ministry in Berlin. The big old building in the Werderschen Markt became the Reichbanks headquarters in 1940 and from 1959 the central committee headquarters of the SED. The Foreign Office has a "second headquarters" on Adenauerallee in Bonn.

Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) has been Foreign Minister since January 2017.

There are German embassies and consulates or consulates-general in most capitals of the world as well as in larger towns of the countries.

The Berlin headquarters job is to coordinate German diplomacy, and study the information passed on from the embassies, permanent representations and consulates. These are the "eyes, ears and voice" of the Federal Government abroad.

The Foreign Office has 145 embassies, 59 consulates general, twelve permanent representations (at international organisations) and ten offices abroad.

There are also three "German Information Centres (GIC)" with the job of giving information about Germany and the German language.

The biggest GIC is in Washington, DC, after it moved from New York in 2003. A GIC in Cairo is for the Arabic speaking world. The other GIC is in Paris, for French speaking areas

There are also 356 honorary consuls. These are often German businessmen who do some work for the Foreign Office.

The Bonn office handles information technology particularly. Every German agency abroad is connected to Bonn, which can send the information to Berlin. The Bonn office also arranges communications for the Foreign Minister and the Chancellorwhen they are abroad.

Some people say that there is corruption in the way senir jobs are filled.

This is because the Foreign Office does not publish the qualifications of its top diplomats anymore. They stopped after terrorists used the information to attack the German embassy in Stockholm in 1975 and the RAF murdered diplomat Gerold von Braunmühl in 1986.

The Foreign Office started in 1870 as a part of the North German Confederation. It was headed by a permanent secretary, just like the Foreign Office of the German empire. There were ministers only since 1919. This was why it was called an Office not a ministry .

The Foreign Office of the German Empire was based in Berlin Wilhelmstraße 76.

The empire tookover the Foreign Office of the North German alliance unchanged. However the German federal states kept a considerable degree of independence in their own foreign policy.

The AA had two departments

Higher politics, personnel, ceremonies, budgets, registeration of the schools and churches. The head of this department was a permanent secretary who was also the permanent representative of the German Chancellor in the Foreign Office at the same time. The German Chancellor had the topmost responsibility in foreign policy.

The second department was responsible for trade, traffic, consulates, national law, civil law, the art and science, the private matters of Germans abroad, also, justice, police and Post Office, emigration, ship matters. This department was headed by the director of the Foreign Office.

Legal matters were transferred to the new Department III in 1885. A colonial department was formed in 1890, it became the Imperial Colonial Office in 1907. Department IV was formed in 1915 to handle intelligence.

The Foreign Office became a ministry in the Weimar Republic, headed by a Reich Minister. The permanent secretary no longerThe minister had the sole responsibility for the foreign policy now. The name "Foreign Office" was kept, out of tradition. Gustav Stresemann was the most famous foreign minister of this time, and moulded German foreign policy just like Bismarck had done during the empire.

When the Nazis seized power the Foreign Office started following Nazi Party ideas. However, there was some resistance, especially from people like Adam von Trott zu Solz and Ulrich von Hassell.

The Foreign Office wrote a formal letter about the Jews and foreign policy in 1939: It said that giving the Jews a homeland in Palestine was dangerous to world peace. This note is a big reason why the second set of Nuremberg Trials included officials from the Foreign Office.

Also see: Fritz Kolbe, "Kurt Georg Kiessinger"

After the Second World War Germany stayed under allied control, at least in part, until 1955. This meant that there was no need for a Foreign Office until 1951, when the new Germany got more control overs its own affairs.

The new Foreign Office was set up on March 15th, 1951 in Bonn and kept the name of "Office".

Many of the senior officials of the AA were ex nazis. in fact More ex party members were in charge parts of the Foreign Office than there were party members doing the same type of job during the Third Reich.

Since 1966 the Foreign Minister has often been the leader of the smaller coalition partner in coalition governments. The exceptions were the vice-chancellorships of Jürgen Möllemann and Franz Müntefering.

The Ministry for Foreign Affairs handled the foreign policy of the government of the DDR.

Two Chancellors also Foreign Minister. Konrad Adenauer as the first Foreign Secretary of the Federal Republic of Germany and Helmut Schmidt, after FDP had left coalition and cabinet. Hans-Dietrich Genscher was Foreign Minister under both an SPD and a CDU chancellor.



Burin Peninsula

The Burin Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula found on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.

Bonavista Peninsula

The Bonavista Peninsula is a large peninsula on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.

Districts of Switzerland

In Switzerland each Canton is free to decide its own internal organisation. Because of this there many types and names for smaller administrative divisions in each canton. The term District is used for these smaller divisions. 

Most Cantons are divided into "Bezirke" (German for districts). Some are called "Ämter" (Lucerne), "Amtsbezirke" (Bern), "district" (in French) or "distretto" (Tessin and part of Graubünden).

The Bezirke generally only deals with administration and court organization. The cantons Graubünden and Schwyz are their own legal entities. They have the power to control taxes as well. 

Ten of the 26 Cantons do not have a district level of government:

Uri, Obwalden, Nidwalden, Appenzell Ausserrhoden, Glarus, Zug, Basel-City and Geneva. Schaffhausen stopped using Bezirke in the middle of 1999. Since the start of 2003 Canton of St. Gallen does not use the Bezirk level any more.

The Canton of Zürich is divided into 12 districts (German: "Bezirke"). The city of Zürich is its own district.

There are 26 administrative districts in Berne

The Canton of Lucerne is divided into 5 districts termed "Ämter":
Canton of Uri is not divided into districts: the municipality is the next lowest unit of government. 

The Canton of Schwyz is divided into six districts and 30 municipalities, although the districts Einsiedeln, Küssnacht and Gersau simply comprise the municipality of the same name.

Obwalden is not divided into districts: the municipality is the next lowest unit of government. See: Obwalden.

Nidwalden is not divided into districts.

Canton of Glarus is not divided into districts: the municipality is the next lower unit of government. 

Canton of Zug is not divided into districts. 

The Canton of Fribourg is divided into 7 districts:

From 2005, Solothurn's ten districts are combined in pairs into five electoral districts, called "Amtei". From 2005, districts are only used for statistics.

Basel-City is not divided into districts. It is formed only of the city of Basel and two municipalities.

There are 5 Bezirke in Basel-Landschaft:
The Canton of Schaffhausen used to be divided into 6 districts ("Bezirke") until July 1999. The municipality is now the next lower unit of government.

Canton Appenzell Ausserrhoden is not divided into districts. The municipality is the next lower unit of government. 

The 6 "Bezirke" (districts) are the local government level. They are part of the municipalities:

"Feuerschaugemeinde" is a special-purpose municipality for firefighting, energy and water for the town Appenzell.

The canton used to be subdivided into 14 districts ("Bezirke") until 2003 January 1,
when it was reorganised into 8 constituencies (Wahlkreise). 

Canton Graubünden is divided into 11 Districts. They tend to follow the natural boundaries of the landscape. The districts are further subdivided into 39 sub-districts (German: "Kreise"):

Aargau is divided into 11 districts.

The Canton of Thurgau is divided into eight districts. Each district is named after its capital.

The Canton of Ticino is divided into 8 districts (called distretti):

Since 1803 the Canton of Vaud has been divided into 19 districts:

As of January 1, 2008, Vaud will be reorganized into the following districts:


The Canton of Valais is divided into 14 districts and half-districts:

"See also: Valais Municipalities"

The Canton of Neuchâtel is divided into 6 districts which belong to 4 geographic regions:
The Canton of Geneva is not divided into districts. The municipality is the next level of government.

Canton Jura is divided into 3 districts:

Cape Race

Cape Race is a point of land at the southeastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula, on the island of Newfoundland, Canada. Its name is thought to come from the original Portuguese name for this cape, "Raso", or "bare". The Cape appeared on early sixteenth century maps as Cape Raso, and may derive from a cape of the same name at the mouth of the Tagus River in Portugal.

Hurricane Florence (2006)

Hurricane Florence was the first Atlantic hurricane to produce hurricane force winds on Bermuda since Hurricane Fabian hit the island in September 2003. The seventh tropical storm and second hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, Florence developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on September 3 and followed the track of a Cape Verde-type hurricane. Because of unfavorable conditions, the system failed to organize at first, and as a result the storm grew to an unusually large size. After several days, Florence encountered an area of lesser wind shear and strengthened into a hurricane on September 10. It passed just west of Bermuda while recurving northeastward, and on September 13 it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.

Florence produced wind gusts of up to 115 mph (185 km/h) on Bermuda, which caused several power outages and minor damage. Florence then brought heavy rains across Newfoundland as an extratropical storm, destroying one house and causing minor damage to several others. There were no fatalities as a result of the hurricane.

A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 29. It tracked slowly westward, and first showed signs of development two days later. On August 31, a second tropical wave left the coast of Africa at a faster speed than its predecessor. The two waves interacted, and by September 2 combined to form a large area of disturbed weather across the eastern Atlantic Ocean. Convection increased within the system, and the large system developed a thick area of convection along with an organized low pressure area. By late on September 3, the system maintained a large closed circulation and enough convective organization to be named Tropical Depression Six while located about midway between the Lesser Antilles and Africa.

After becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression had many cloud swirls inside its common center. Banding features increased, though southwesterly wind shear from an upper-level trough to its northeast and the lack of an organized circulation originally prevented strengthening. Dry air encountered the depression, and as such the depression developed very slowly; forecasters maintained considerable difficulty in determining a center of circulation. It continued to move to the west-northwest while tracking around the southern periphery of a deep-layer subtropical ridge to its north. Though convection remained focused near the outer periphery of the system, the overall organized continued to steadily increase, and it is estimated the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Florence on September 5 while located about 1120 miles (1800 km) east-northeast of Anguilla.

After reaching tropical storm status, the maximum sustained winds for three days were between 40 mph (65 km/h) and 50 mph (85 km/h). This is because of the large size of Florence; the wind field reached 460 miles (745 km) wide with a radius of maximum winds of about 110 miles (170 km). By September 6, an organized form of cloud swirls became visible, with thin rainbands developing in the southeast and northwest quadrants. As a result, hurricane forecasters predicted Florence to quickly develop and reach major hurricane status. Though convection slowly moved closer to the center of the storm, forecasters could not detect an organized center of circulation late on September 13.

On September 7, convection developed over and to the west of the center for the first time in its duration. However, Florence failed to strengthen any further with a wind field more than 1035 miles (1670 km) in diameter. This made it diffficult to forecast the storm, since it tracked through an area of 84° F (29° C) water temperatures, light shear, and a large low-level cyclonic envelop with abundant convection. By early on September 8, the storm became a stretched out, shapeless cloud pattern not normal for a tropical cyclone. Later that day, as an anticyclone developed over Florence, the storm began to consolidate around a vorticity center on the western side of the large cyclonic envelope. It began to strengthen more steadily as the storm turned to the northwest. Early on September 10, an eye began developing inside a ring of round thick convection over the center, and Florence reached hurricane status about 390 miles (630 km) south of Bermuda.

Hurricane Florence turned to the north and north-northeast through a break in the subtropical ridge. Though its eyewall was open on the north side, favorable conditions led forecasters to predict Florence passing near Bermuda as a strong Category 2 hurricane. The inner core of convection became ragged-looking on satellite pictures, and based on reports from Hurricane Hunters it is estimated the hurricane reached peak winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) late on September 10. After further erosion of the eyewall, the hurricane weakened, and on September 11 passed about 60 miles (95 km) west of Bermuda with winds of 85 mph (135 km/h). The overall cloud pattern became a little bit better organized, and Florence briefly re-strengthened before encountering increased upper-level winds and cooler waters.

Dry air wrapping around the southern half of the cyclone dissipated most of the deep convection by early on September 12. The cloud shield became asymmetrically displaced to the north of the center, and frontal-like features began to form. It continued to lose tropical characteristics, and on September 13 Florence turned into an extratropical cyclone about 485 miles (780 km) south-southwest of Cape Race, Newfoundland. At first, the storm was able to keep hurricane-force winds, as the extratropical remnant passed near Cape Race before turning to the east-northeast, and on September 14 the winds weakened to gale force. In the next days the storm executed a broad cyclonic half-loop to the southwest of Iceland, and after turning to the west the extratropical remnants of Florence were absorbed to the east of Greenland by a developing extratropical cyclone to its south.

The government of Bermuda gave out a hurricane watch for the island on September 8, which was followed by a tropical storm warning on September 9. These were replaced by a hurricane warning on September 10, which were given out at the same time with the storm's strengthening to hurricane status. The government persuaded people to take preparations for the storm, many of whom bought supplies at local hardware stores. Residents installed storm shutters, while boat owners moved their boats to safer locations. An emergency shelter was prepared on the island. Before Florence approached the storm, officials cancelled bus and ferry services, and also closed all schools and government offices on the day of impact. The Bermuda International Airport was also closed.

Hurricane Florence produced strong swells and dangerous surf conditions for the northern Lesser Antilles, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and Bermuda. Later in its duration, the tight pressure gradient between Florence and a high-pressure system over southeastern Canada produced strong winds and rough waves along the East Coast of the United States. The hurricane also caused strong swells and rough ocean conditions, including rip currents, in the Bahamas and Atlantic Canada.

Passing a short distance west of Bermuda, Hurricane Florence produced strong winds on the island; sustained winds peaked at 82 mph (132 km/h) on St. David's Island at an elevation of 410 feet (48 m), while gusts reached 115 mph (185 km/h) at the Maritime Operations Centre in St. George's Parish at an elevation of 665 feet (78 m). The winds knocked down trees and power lines, leaving over 25,000 homes and businesses without electricity during the peak of the storm. The powerful winds damaged ten houses, including destroying the roofs of three, and blew out windows across the island. A few people were injured by flying glass, though none required hospital care. Rainfall on the island reached 1.32 inches (34 mm) at the Bermuda International Airport. A possible tornado reported in Southampton Parish downed trees and caused light property damage. At the Bermuda Zoo and Aquarium, two flamingos died due to falling branches. During the peak of the storm, police officials advised people to remain indoors away from harm, though there were several reports of looting.

The storm caused over $200,000 (2006 USD) in damage on the island. Shortly after the storm passed through, BELCO began restoring power, and by six hours after the peak of the storm power had been restored to 7,000 homes and businesses. By the day after the storm, about 3,000 remained without electricity on the island. The passage of the storm damaged the causeway between St. David's Island and Hamilton Parish, temporarily limiting traffic to one lane in each direction.

As an extratropical storm over Newfoundland, Florence produced powerful winds peaking at 101 mph (163 km/h) and rainfall of up to 2.6 inches (67 mm). Flooding and power outages were reported, although they were isolated. The hurricane caused flight interruptions at St. John's International Airport and also to the Trans Canada ferry between Newfoundland and Cape Breton Island in eastern Nova Scotia Strong winds destroyed a house in the small Newfoundland village of Francois. Residents in Francois agreed to rebuild the wrecked home while the family stayed in a summer home of another family. The winds also caused damage to shingles and sides of homes, while the strong waves damaged roads and boats along the Burin Peninsula.



Travagliato

Travagliato is a city in north of Italy. Travagliato is in the province of Brescia, Lombardy Region. About 12,000 people live in Travagliato.

2006 Nova Scotia tropical storm

The 2006 unnamed tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone. It was the second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed as an extratropical cyclone, a type of weather system, to the southeast of Nantucket, Massachusetts. It then moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures. It turned into a tropical storm on July 17, when an area of thunderstorms formed near the center of the cyclone. The storm quickly reached peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). It moved into cooler waters and began to lose strength. On July 18, it died out, and what was left of the storm moved across Newfoundland. Because the storm was weak, no damage happened.

A cold front moved off the east coast of the United States late on July 13. While it was over the western Atlantic Ocean, it stopped moving. The front then died out, but it left behind two areas of low pressure. The southern one was about 200 miles (320 km) to the south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. The northern weather system was about 290 miles (470 km) to the south-southeast of Cape Cod, Massachusetts. The northern one became an extratropical cyclone, a type of weather system, on July 16. It moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures. These temperatures were 80–82º F (27–28º C). A large group of thunderstorm formed near the center of the storm. It turned into a tropical depression on July 17, when it was about 240 miles (390 km) to the southeast of Nantucket, Massachusetts.

The storm moved to the northwest northeastward, and it moved into an area that was good for strengthening. It quickly became a tropical storm. It continued to gain strength. Late on July 17, the storm reached its peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). At this time, it was about 245 miles (395 km) to the south of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The storm then moved into much cooler water temperatures, after it left the Gulf Stream. It quickly weakened as the convection quickly diminished, and it died out on July 18. What was left of the storm moved over Newfoundland before turning to the east-northeast.

The storm was said to be a gale storm when it was active. However, several months later, it was found that the storm did become a tropical cyclone. There were several reasons for this change.

When the storm came near Canada, a buoy recorded winds of 36 mph (56 km/h). It also recorded a wind gust of 44 mph (70 km/h). The storm lost a large amount of strength before it moved over Newfoundland. Because of this, there was no damage. The Atlantic Storm Prediction Centre sent out gale warnings for the storm.

Every year, the National Hurricane Center checks to make sure they did not miss any storms during the past tropical storm season. They found this storm on December 15, 2006, when they were studying the 2006 season. If the storm was found when it was active, it would have been called "Tropical Storm Beryl". It is guessed that the storm became a tropical cyclone at 39.1º N. This was the farthest north that any Atlantic storm in July became a tropical cyclone. This broke the past record that was set by Tropical Storm Arthur in 2002.



Nantucket, Massachusetts

Nantucket is an island 30 miles (48.3 km) south of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in the United States. It is both a town and a county (Nantucket County).

Cape Hatteras

Cape Hatteras is a cape on the coast of North Carolina. It is the point that protrudes the farthest to the southeast along the northeast-to-southwest line of the Atlantic coast of North America, making it a key point for navigation along the eastern seaboard. So many ships have been lost around it that the area is known as the "Graveyard of the Atlantic". The nearby shoals are known as Diamond Shoals.

The Cape Hatteras Lighthouse is a well known feature on Cape Hatteras. It was built in 1870 and it is the tallest brick lighthouse in the United States.


Tropical Storm Alberto (1988)

Tropical Storm Alberto (also known as Hurricane Alberto) became a tropical storm farther north than any other Atlantic tropical cyclone. It was the first tropical storm of the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season. It started from a region of low pressure off of the coast of South Carolina on August 5. 

It quickly moved northeast. It became a tropical storm on August 7. It was about 60 miles (95 km) east of the Massachusetts island of Nantucket. 

Tropical Storm Alberto continued to move quickly, and struck the western area of Nova Scotia late on August 7. It lost its status as a tropical storm the next day when it reached north of Newfoundland. Alberto produced light rain and wind across its path. No damage came from it.

Tropical Storm Beryl (2006)

Tropical Storm Beryl was the third tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Developing from a tropical disturbance on July 18, it tracked northward, and strengthened to attain peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) under generally favorable conditions. After turning to the northeast, Beryl weakened over cooler waters. On July 21 it struck the island of Nantucket, and shortly thereafter it became extratropical. The extratropical remnants continued northeastward through Nova Scotia, and on July 22 it merged with an approaching cold front.

Beryl produced rough seas along the northeast United States coastline. In Massachusetts. Its impact was limited to light rainfall and gusty winds, with no reported damage. Beryl later produced moderate rainfall and gusty winds across Atlantic Canada, resulting in some localized power outages though little damage. No deaths were reported.

A cold front moved off the East Coast of the United States on July 16 and stalled off the coast of North Carolina. It slowly decayed into a surface low pressure trough, and developed into two disturbances; one was 290 miles (490 km) south-southeast of Cape Cod and another was 200 miles (320 km) south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. The first low quickly organized into an unnamed tropical storm, and the other area stayed broad and disorganized. However, by July 18, the system became much better organized with improved banding features, and the area developed into Tropical Depression Two while located 220 miles (355 km) south-southeast of Cape Hatteras.

The depression moved slowly to the north-northwest through a break in the subtropical ridge, and as convective banding features became more visible the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Beryl. Throughout much of its duration, the storm tracked through an environment with light vertical wind shear and well-established upper-level outflow. Shortly after becoming a tropical storm, the low-level circulation of Beryl became exposed with limited deep convection, though deep convection re-developed the following morning. Outflow continued to improve, and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl slowly strengthened further to reach peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) early on July 20 about 120 miles (190 km) east of Nags Head, North Carolina.

Beryl maintained peak winds for about 18 hours as it paralleled the Mid-Atlantic and New Jersey coasts, during which an eye-like feature developed in the center of the convection. Late on July 20, it began a slow weakening trend after passing over cooler waters. Steering winds ahead of an approaching mid-level trough caused Beryl to speed up northeastward, and early on July 21 the center of the storm crossed the island of Nantucket. The convection diminished as it moved through progressively colder waters, and shortly after 1200 UTC on July 21 Beryl became an extratropical cyclone a short distance east of Cape Cod. Hours later, it made landfall in southwestern Nova Scotia, and on July 22 the extratropical remnants of Beryl merged with an approaching cold front over Newfoundland.

Forecasters originally predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas; a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse. When a more northeastward track became apparent, a tropical storm watch was issued about 33 hours before moving ashore from Woods Hole to Plymouth, Massachusetts, including Cape Cod, Nantucket, and Martha's Vineyard. About 22 hours before landfall, the National Hurricane Center replaced the watch with a tropical storm warning for the same area, and also issued a tropical storm watch from Woods Hole, Massachusetts westward to New Haven, Connecticut and for the eastern portion of Long Island from east of Fire Island to Port Jefferson. Expecting the storm, the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency was activated as a trial run for the hurricane season. Local Red Cross chapters were opened, as well, with two volunteer teams placed on standby. Across southeastern Massachusetts, police departments maintained extra staff in preparation for any potential problems from the storm. Many fishermen secured their boats, while some business owners boarded up windows to prevent storm damage.

Several days prior to the passage of Beryl through Atlantic Canada, the Canadian Hurricane Centre issued gale warnings for the coastal waters off of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. In anticipation of heavy rainfall, the agency also issued heavy rainfall warnings for western Nova Scotia, including Halifax.

The storm caused high waves along the East Coast of the United States, with 19 foot seas (5.97 m) in the open ocean. Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet in height as the storm approached the island, resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents. High surf was also reported along the southern coast of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Beryl also produced a storm surge of 0.9 feet on Nantucket. Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light, with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph.

Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore, though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches (24.6 mm) on Nantucket. Rainfall along southeastern Massachusetts reached 0.33 inches at Chatham. The only reported damage were some downed telephone poles and fallen tree branches. Overall impact was minor; there were no reported power outages, deaths, injuries, or maritime emergencies in association with the storm.

The remnants of Beryl dropped moderate precipitation in Atlantic Canada, officially peaking at 2.8 inches (71 mm) in Scotts Bay, Nova Scotia with an unofficially higher total of 3.5 inches (88 mm); in some locations 1 inch of rain fell in an hour. Additionally, a station in Fredericton, New Brunswick reported 1.77 inches (45 mm) in 2 hours. The rainfall caused some flooding, with some overflown streams flooding some streets. Moderate winds were reported along its path, which peaked at 60 mph (96 km/h) in southern Nova Scotia. The winds downed some tree limbs and led to some power outages. Overall damage was minor.



1991 Halloween Nor'easter

The 1991 Halloween Nor’easter, also known as the Perfect Storm, was an atypical nor’easter which was extratropical, absorbed one hurricane, and ultimately evolved into a small hurricane late in its life cycle. The unnamed hurricane of 1991 was the last tropical cyclone of the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season, and its hurricane. By November 2, Atlantic Canada experienced the effects of a landfalling tropical storm. Damage totaled $208 million (1991 USD) and deaths climbed to 12 people. Most of the damage occurred while the storm was extratropical. The hurricane was the second costliest storm of the season, behind only Hurricane Bob.

Nor'easter

A nor'easter (also northeaster) is a big storm along the East Coast of the United States. A Nor'easter is called that because the winds in a Nor'easter come from the northeast, especially in the coastal areas of the Northeastern United States and Atlantic Canada. More specifically, it is a low pressure area whose center of rotation is just off the East Coast and whose leading winds in the left forward quadrant rotate onto land from the northeast. The precipitation pattern is similar to other extratropical storms. Nor'easters also can cause coastal flooding, coastal erosion, hurricane force winds, and heavy snow.
Nor'easters are associated with warm fronts, cold fronts, or occluded fronts.
Nor'easters can occur at any time of the year but are mostly known for their presence in the winter.
Nor'easters can be devastating and damaging, especially in the winter months, when most damage and deaths are from the cold. Nor'easters bring very cold air down from the Arctic. Nor'easters thrive on the converging air masses; that is, the polar cold air mass and the warmer ocean water of the Gulf Stream. Nor'easters will usually develop between 30° N. and 35° N.

East Coast of the United States

The East Coast of the United States, is the Atlantic coastline of the United States. It is also called the "Eastern Seaboard" or "Atlantic Seaboard". 

The coastal states are the farthest eastern states of the United States. These states touch the Atlantic Ocean all the way up to Canada. Sometimes people use it to mean only the Northeastern United States. Other times they mean the thirteen original states plus Maine, Washington, D.C. and Florida.

Nags Head, North Carolina

Nags Head is a town in Dare County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 3,168 at the 2020 census.


Cape Lookout (North Carolina)

Cape Lookout stands at 34°36'19"N, 76°32'10"W, and is part of Carteret County, 11 miles southeast of Beaufort, NC.

New Haven, Connecticut

New Haven is the second largest city in Connecticut, after Bridgeport, with a population of 134,023 at the 2020 census. "New Haven" may also refer to the wider Greater New Haven area, which has nearly 600,000 inhabitants in the immediate area. It is in New Haven County, on New Haven Harbor, on the northern shore of Long Island Sound.

The trial for the mutiny of the slave ship "Amistad" took place in New Haven.


Martha's Vineyard

Martha's Vineyard (and the smaller Chappaquiddick Island nearby) is an island off the southern coast of Cape Cod, both forming a part of the Outer Lands region. It is often called just "the Vineyard". With a land area of 87.48 square miles (231.75 km²), Martha's Vineyard is the 57th largest island in the United States. It is located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, in Dukes County, which also includes Cuttyhunk and the other Elizabeth Islands, as well as the island of Nomans Land.

Woods Hole, Massachusetts

Woods Hole is a census-designated place and village within the town of Falmouth in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, at the extreme southwest corner of Cape Cod, near Martha's Vineyard and the Elizabeth Islands.

Carcinogen

Carcinogens are substances that cause cancer. Sometimes radiation or radionuclide are also considered carcinogens. A common example of a carcinogen is tobacco smoke. Carcinogens come from both natural and man-made substances.

Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens. The carcinogens in them are caused by the radiation they release, such as gamma rays or alpha particles. 

CERCLA says that all radionuclides are carcinogens. How much of a carcinogen a radiation is depends on the type of radiation, the type of exposure to it and its penetration. For example, alpha radiation has low penetration and is not a danger outside the body. Alpha radiation is a carcinogen when breathed in or eaten.

Thorotrast, previously used in x-rays, is a human carcinogen. Marie Curie, one of the pioneers of radioactivity, died of a cancer that was caused by the radiation she was exposed to during her experiments.

Not all types of electromagnetic radiation are carcinogenic. Radio waves, microwave radiation, infrared radiation, and visible light are examples of this. Higher-energy radiation, including ultraviolet radiation, usually "is" carcinogenic, if a person is exposed to it long enough.

Recent research has shown that when food is cooked at high temperatures, carcinogens may be formed in very small amounts. Pre-cooking meats in a microwave oven for 2-3 minutes before broiling shortens the time on the hot pan. This could help stop the carcinogens from being made. Certain kinds of foods, like potato chips and French fries, may have higher levels of carcinogens than others. The charred residue on barbecued meats is a carcinogen, too.

This does not mean eating cooked foods is dangerous. The gastrointestinal tract sheds its outer layer continuously to protect itself from carcinomas. Because of this, it has a good chance of shedding bad enzymes that could cause cancer.



Port Jefferson, New York

The Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson is in the town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York. It is on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2020 census, 7,962 people lived there. The small town is home to several unique restaurants and shops, and has a growing tourism industry.

Currituck Beach Lighthouse

The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse in Corolla, North Carolina, on the Outer Banks.


Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II

The A-10 Thunderbolt II (also called the Warthog) is an attack aircraft made by Fairchild Republic. It first flew in 1972 and was introduced in 1977. It is designed to drop bombs, fire rockets, missiles, and its 30mm Gatling gun at enemies on the ground (such as tanks) with about 3500 rounds. It is named after the World War II P-47 Thunderbolt. Although not as fast as most military jets, it is tough, heavily armored, and can turn well. The A-10 is also used as a CAS (close air support) aircraft, which involves flying slowly over a battlefield and destroying enemy targets.

The A-10 is 53 feet, 4 inches (16.16 meters) long, 14 feet, 8 inches (4.42 meters) high, has a wingspan of 57 feet, 6 inches (17.42 meters), has a top speed 420 miles per hour, and can weigh 51,000 pounds (22,950 kilograms) at its heaviest. It is armed with a 30mm GAU-8 Gatling gun, and can carry multiple tons of bombs or missiles. It can also carry radar-jamming pods to avoid radar detection, and chaff, which can distract radar-guided missiles fired at the A-10.

While the A-10 has a lot of room on its wings to carry bombs and missiles, its main weapon is the front mounted gun, called the GAU-8 Avenger. It is a very long and heavy gun and is a both an autocannon (fires large bullets very fast) and Gatling gun (has more than one barrel, which spins while shooting). The Avenger is so big that the A-10 had to be designed around it, leading to a joke that the A-10 does not have a gun attached, but the Avenger has a plane attached. The A-10 is the only aircraft to use the Avenger. Other American planes use the smaller M61 Vulcan, also a Gatling cannon that uses smaller bullets.

Because the Avenger fires such big bullets (exploding artillery shells 3cm wide) at such a high rate of fire (up to 40 every second) many believe it can destroy any target very easily, even tanks with thick armor such as the M1 Abrams. However, while the bullet can go through thin metal on a car or truck, it cannot penetrate the thick metal walls of a tank. It can only destroy them because most tanks have thinner metal on the top to make them lighter. If an A-10 hits this thinner armor, then destruction is more likely, but if it hits the front or sides where the armor is thicker, then the tank crew and systems will survive. 

The A-10 is reportedly a rugged aircraft. On April 7, 2003, then-Captain Kim Campbell felt a loud hit to her A-10. The aircraft rolled left and pointed toward the ground. After trying other procedures, she turned off the hydraulics and flew the aircraft in manual reversion. The aircraft performed fine during the hour flight back to the air base. However, landing was tricky, because she had no brakes nor ground steering without hydraulics. 

Fire Island, New York

Fire Island is a barrier island, approximately 31 miles (49.5 km) long and varying between approximately 0.1 mile (0.16 km) to 0.5 mile (0.8 km) wide, in Suffolk County on the southern side of Long Island in the U.S. state of New York, running approximately WSW to ENE. The land area is 48 km² (18.7 sq mi) and a permanent population of 310 persons was reported as of the 2000 census. (There are many thousands of seasonal residents.)

The Cherry Grove and Fire Island Pines hamlets of Fire Island have been known as a popular gay village.


Plymouth, Massachusetts

Plymouth (historically known as Plimouth and Plimoth) is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the largest municipality in Massachusetts by area. The population was 61,217 at the 2020 census. Plymouth is one of two county seats of Plymouth County, the other being Brockton. It is named after Plymouth, England, which is, in turn, named for the mouth of the river Plym. Plymouth was first settled by the Pilgrims in 1620. The first Thanksgiving was held there. It was the capitol of Plymouth Colony from 1620 until 1691, when it became part of Massachusetts. Plymouth was an important port in the 18th and 19th centuries.


Buix

Buix is a former municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Buix, Courtemaîche and Montignez merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

Bure, Switzerland

Bure is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Charmoille, Switzerland

Charmoille was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Chevenez

Chevenez is a former municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Chevenez, Damvant, Réclère and Roche-d'Or merged into the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie.

Coeuve

Coeuve is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Cornol

Cornol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Courchavon

Courchavon is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Courchavon is also famous for its Swiss chocolate.

Courgenay

Courgenay is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


2001: A Space Odyssey (movie)

2001: A Space Odyssey is a 1968 science fiction movie. It was directed by Stanley Kubrick. It was written by Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke. The movie deals with human evolution, technology, artificial intelligence, and extraterrestrial life. The science aspects in the movie seem very real. It had new special effects. It used images and sound to show meaning and did not use much talking. The music at the beginning is the start of a symphonic poem by Richard Strauss called "Also Sprach Zarathustra".

It received some good and some bad reviews when it was released. Now "2001: A Space Odyssey" is recognized by critics as one of the greatest movies ever made; a sample of critics in 2002 placed it among the top ten movies of all time. It was nominated for four Academy Awards, and it was given an award for visual effects. In 1991, it was thought to be "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" (i.e. important for culture, history and aesthetics) by the United States Library of Congress and was chosen to be kept in their National Film Registry.

Xenogears

Xenogears is a 1999 roleplaying video game created by Squaresoft. The main character is named Fei and he does not like gears or fighting. The final boss that you must kill is god.

Metal Gear

Metal Gear is an action-adventure stealth video game franchise made by Konami.

The main character for the series is Solid Snake. He is a soldier who does sneaking (hiding) missions by himself, much like James Bond. He is a clone of a famous soldier named Big Boss. The games have a large amount of story about these two men and the things that happen to them. Many players say the games are like watching a James Bond movie or reading a book about spies.

The series is named after a type of robotic tanks for each games, whom Snake destroys each of them.

The latest game, Metal Gear Survive, was made for Playstation 4, Xbox One and PC.

MSX:


Nintendo Entertainment System:


For PlayStation:


For PlayStation 2:


For Game Boy:


For GameCube:


For PlayStation Portable:


For PlayStation 3:


Deus Ex (video game)

Deus Ex is a video game available on the personal computer. It is a first person shooter. The game is about a conspiracy in the future that involves the Illuminati and artificial intelligence.

The player plays as J.C. Denton, a cyborg who has to deal with problems like robots, men, and bombs. Denton has a brother and many employers. He has skills in the game that increase when goals are completed. For instance, if he needs to sneak up on men in the Army, the player might use a ventilation shaft and gain extra points, which can then be used like money to buy better aim with a pistol.

"Deus Ex" came out in 2000. It tried to say things about philosophy, knowledge, terrorism, and other things, much like "The Matrix". It is widely regarded as one of the best computer games and video games of all time. 


Ulysses (novel)

Ulysses is a novel by James Joyce. The complete book was first published in 1922, although parts of it had appeared earlier. It was an early example of "stream of consciousness" writing. This attempts to give the written equivalent of the character's thought processes, either in a loose interior monologue (see below), or in connection to his or her actions. Stream-of-consciousness writing is usually regarded as a special form of interior monologue.

The story takes place on 16 June 1904, and is about a man named Leopold Bloom, who walks around Dublin. The book also tells the story of Molly Bloom, his wife, and of Stephen Dedalus, a school teacher.

The book became famous for several reasons, but mainly because it is written in a new this style. The book is now thought to be important modernist literature. Many professors and teachers teach this book in universities and colleges.

Joyce first encountered Odysseus in Charles Lamb's "Adventures of Ulysses" - an adaptation of the "Odyssey" for children. This seemed to establish the Greek name in Joyce's mind. At school he wrote an essay on Ulysses as his 'favourite hero'. Joyce told Frank Budgen that he considered Ulysses the only all-round character in literature. He thought about calling "Dubliners" by the name "Ulysses in Dublin", but the idea grew from a story in "Dubliners" in 1906, to a 'short book' in 1907, to the vast novel which he began writing in 1914.



Gunpei Yokoi

, also romanized as Gumpei Yokoi, was a video game designer for Nintendo. He created the Game Boy and produced the "Metroid" series of video games. He was also a mentor to Shigeru Miyamoto. Yokoi's last invention, the Virtual Boy, was not a success. He left Nintendo and started a company called Koto Laboratory. His main product idea at this company was the WonderSwan, which came out in 1999, two years after he died.

A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man

A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is a novel written by the Irish writer James Joyce. It was first printed as a book in 1916. It tells the story of Stephen Dedalus, a young man who is trying to be a writer in Dublin. The story begins from his childhood and ends with him deciding to go to Paris and leave Dublin, his hometown, to become a writer.

The book is written in a new style of writing called stream of consciousness. Therefore, the beginning of the book is very simple while the later parts become less simple. It shows how, when a person grows up, the language he or she uses becomes more and more complex.


Finnegans Wake

Finnegans Wake is the last book written by the Irish writer James Joyce. It was published in 1939.

He started to work on this book in 1924 and published parts of it under the titles "A New Unnamed Work" and "Work in Progress". He did not complete until seventeen years later, in 1939. During this time he faced many hardships, such as having no money, eye problems and family problems.

"Finnegans Wake" is a very hard book to read, even for people who read a lot of literature, because Joyce uses several languages and creates new words that come from combinations of old and new English and other languages as well. 
It can be understood as the story of Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker and his family. But it is an experiment more than a story.




Freerunning sleep

Freerunning sleep can be sleep which is not adjusted, "entrained", to the 24-hour cycle in nature. Sleep which is entrained to 24 hours but is not artificially regulated by alarm clocks etc. can also be called freerunning sleep.

Animals which are kept in a laboratory for research in "constant conditions", that is in constant light or constant dark, will "freerun". They live by their built-in circadian rhythms. Each day will be a little bit shorter or a little bit longer than 24 hours. It will be shorter if the animal's natural cycle is less than 24 hours long. The animals sleep and are active as usual, but their timing gets to be farther and farther off.

Scientists let the animals freerun and then do experiments to see what sort of signals are most effective at entraining them. They also experiment to see how long or short a cycle that animal can be entrained to. Some animals can be entrained to a 22-hour day, but they can not be entrained to a 20-hour day.

Light is the most effective signal. Some animals are quite easily entrained by the timing of meals. Exercise is a signal for some animals. Heat is not effective.

Sometimes people stay in a laboratory for a few days in very low light without any knowledge of the time. Such experiments show that adults, both older and younger, have a circadian cycle which is 24 hours and 11 minutes, on average.

Some people have a condition, a circadian rhythm sleep disorder, which makes them freerun all the time, even if they get out into daylight and eat regular meals. Many of these people are blind, but some of them can see. They have a long circadian cycle and they do not entrain. Scientists do not yet know why.

Some people believe they will be more healthy if they do not sleep on a regular schedule. They try to go to bed only when they are sleepy. They do not use alarm clocks. They call this freerunning, but since they are exposed to daylight and dark, it's not the same as freerunning as the scientists use the term.

Frederico Mompou

Federico (Frederic) Mompou (born Barcelona, 16 April 1893; died Barcelona 30 June 1987) was a Spanish (Catalan) composer. He is best known for his short works for solo piano and his songs.

Mompou was born in Barcelona (Spain), and studied piano there at the Conservatorio del Liceo. In 1911 he went to Paris. He was studying to be a concert pianist, but he was very shy, and decided to become a composer.

Although he left Paris and returned to Barcelona when World War I broke out in 1914, he went to Paris again in 1921 and stayed there until 1941 when, once again he went back to Catalonia, because the German army were invading Paris in World War II. He continued to lecture about his music until he had a stroke. He died at the age of 94.

Mompou is best known as a miniaturist (someone who composes short pieces). His music often sounds as if is being improvised. When he wrote his "Scènes d'enfants" (1915-18) a French music critic, Émile Vuillermoz, said he would be the next great composer after Debussy. Although he did not become as famous as Debussy, his musical style shows the influence of French Impressionism and of Erik Satie. He liked using short, repeated note-patterns (ostinati), imitations of bells, and a kind of thoughtful, religious sound which is heard in his piece called "John of the Cross." His music often uses the rhythms and modes of Catalan folkmusic.


Right triangle

A right triangle, (also called a right-angled triangle), has one angle that is 90 degrees. The other two angles always add up to 90 degrees but can be different sizes.
The side opposite to the right angle is the hypotenuse; it is the longest side in the right triangle. The other two sides are the legs or catheti (singular: cathetus) of the triangle.

Missing sides or angles of a right triangle can be found using trigonometry, the Pythagorean theorem, and many other ways.
In any triangle all the angles add up to 180 degrees.

List of social democratic parties

This is a list of parties in the world that consider themselves to be upholding the principles and values of social democracy. Some are also members of the Socialist International.



VIS Interactive

VIS Interactive was a video game company by WB Interactive. It was formed in 1996 by Chris van der Kuyl and Peter Baillie. The company also provided interactive content for Interactive Digital Television ("iTV") and broadband. VIS entertainment plc consisted of VIS Games and associated companies Axis Animation and VIS iTV. The company had over 100 employees.

On April 7, 2005, VIS filed for bankruptcy. Later in the month, all development work was cancelled and assets were sold to other developing companies.

Stream of consciousness (disambiguation)

Stream of consciousness is a famous phrase of the American psychologist and philosopher William James. It refers to the flow of thoughts in the conscious human mind.

The term could mean:

Stream of consciousness may also refer to:

Stream of consciousness writing

Stream of consciousness is a term used in literary criticism for a literary technique that reports the thought processes of a person. 

If it is done in context with the surrounding world it is called interior or internal monologue. That means it is unspoken, and in some cases could not be spoken. For example, in Mikhail Bulgakov's "Heart of a Dog" (1925) the first chapter is entirely based on the dog's unspoken thoughts on the world about him.

Stream-of-consciousness writing is typical for the modernist movement. The term was coined by William James in 1890 in his "Principles of Psychology". The use of the term in literature is attributed to May Sinclair. 

Several famous works that employ stream of consciousness are:

Courtedoux

Courtedoux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy of the Canton of Jura, Switzerland.

Courtemaîche

Courtemaîche was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Courtemaîche, Buix and Montignez merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

Damphreux

Damphreux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Damvant

Damvant was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is now part of the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie.

Fahy

Fahy is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Benazir Bhutto

Benazir Bhutto (21 June 1953 – 27 December 2007) was a Pakistani politician who became the 11th and 13th prime minister of Pakistan. She served from 1988 to 1990 and then from 1993 to 1996. She made history as the first woman to lead a democratic government in a Muslim-majority country. Benazir Bhutto was a liberal and a secularist, and she played a significant role in the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) from the early 1980s until she was killed in 2007.

Born in Karachi to a politically influential and wealthy family with Sindhi and Kurdish roots, She studied at Harvard University and the University of Oxford. Her father, Zulfikar Bhutto, was a prominent leader of the PPP and served as prime minister. After her father's ousting and execution following a military coup in 1977, Benazir Bhutto, along with her mother Nusrat, took charge of the PPP and led the Movement for the Restoration of Democracy. She faced imprisonment under the military government of Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq and later chose self-exile in Britain in 1984.

Bhutto was the elder daughter of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and Nusrat Bhutto (née Ispahani).

Bhutto was the first woman elected to lead a Muslim state. She was elected Prime Minister of Pakistan twice. She was sworn in for the first time in 1988 but removed from office 20 months later under orders of then-president Ghulam Ishaq Khan on a belief that she was corrupt. In 1993 Bhutto was re-elected but was again removed in 1996 on similar charges, this time by President Farooq Leghari.

On December 27, 2007, Bhutto was shot to death while getting into a vehicle to leave a political meeting for the Pakistan Peoples Party in Rawalpindi before detonating an explosive vest. The exploding kills 24 people and wounded 43 others. She was 54 years old. She is called Shaheed-e-Jamhuriat (Martyr of Democracy) by her fans.


Sitar

The sitar ( or ; , Punjabi: ਸਿਤਾਰ, Urdu: ) is a plucked string instrument. It uses sympathetic strings along with a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber to make a rich sound with complex harmonic resonance. It has been used throughout South Asia for many centuries. Sitar was invented by the Sufi singer Amir Khosrow in the 18th century.


Oud

The oud is a pear-shaped, stringed instrument. It is similar to a modern western lute. It does not have frets. It is commonly used in Middle Eastern music and East African music.


Pickup (music)

A pickup is a device that captures mechanical vibrations (usually from stringed instruments like the electric guitar, electric 
bass guitar or electric violin) and converts them to an electrical signal which can be amplified and recorded.

There are two main types of pickups. Piezo pickups are more common on acoustic guitars, and magnetic pickups on electric guitars. Some guitars have both kinds.

Piezo (short for piezoelectric) pickups contain a crystal that produces an electrical signal when physically vibrated. These work with all types of guitars, because all guitars vibrate when you play them.

Magnetic pickups contain magnets with wire wrapped around them. When a metal string vibrates near the magnet an electrical signal is produced in the wire. Some guitars (like classical guitars) have strings made of nylon or other things that aren't magnetic, and magnetic pickups don't work with these guitars. 


Pickup

Pickup can mean different things:


Vihuela

Vihuela is a name given to two different guitar-like string instruments: one from 16th century Spain, usually with 12 paired strings, and the other, the Mexican vihuela, from 20th century Mexico with five strings and typically played in Mariachi bands.


Mischa Barton

Mischa Anne Marsden Barton (born January 24, 1986) is an award-winning Anglo-American actress. She was born in Hammersmith, West London. She moved to New York City when she was six. She has British and American citizenship. She is best known for her role as Marissa Cooper on the American television series "The O.C."

According to TMZ she was arrested for DUI on December 27, 2007.

Range (music)

The range of a musical instrument is the distance from the lowest to the highest pitch it can play. For a singing voice, this is known as "vocal range".

Antonio Torres

Antonio De Torres Jurado (13 June 1817 – 19 November 1892) was a Spanish guitarist and guitar maker.

Torres Jurado is often respected among guitarists the same way Antonio Stradivari is respected among violinists. His work established the shape, design, and construction of the modern classical guitar.

George Beauchamp

George D. Beauchamp (1899 - 1941) was an inventor of musical instruments and co-founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker.

Born in Texas, he played the violin and the lap steel guitar in Vaudeville before going into the business of then manufacturing of electric lap steel guitars, electric guitars, electric bass guitars, electric violins and combo instrument amplifiers. He is well known for his creation of the Frying pan electric guitar. He died in Los Angeles, California while deep-sea fishing.


Danelectro

Danelectro is an American company that makes musical instruments and accessories. Their main products are guitars, bass guitars, amplifiers and effects units. The company was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 in Red Banks, New Jersey. Jimi Hendrix is among the many well-known guitarists to have used Danelectro. The company is headuartered in Camarillo, California


Book of Numbers

The Book of Numbers in the Bible is the fourth book in the Old Testament. It is called a book of Moses because it contains the story of Moses and the Israelites when they wander throughout the wilderness before ending up at Israel (also known as Canaan/Palestine), where God promised they will settle (the promised land).

The book is called Numbers because at the start God ordered a counting of the people (a census) in the twelve tribes of Israel. After counting all the men who are over twenty and fit to fight, the Israelites began to travel in well-ordered divisions, with God in the middle with the Ark of the Covenant. 

In Hebrew, the book is called Bemidbar (בַּמִּדְבָּר), which means 'in the desert.' This is because Moses and the Hebrew people wandered in the Egyptian desert for 40 years, fleeing from the Pharaoh after hundreds of years of slavery. When the people found that Israel was filled with strong and powerful people of other races, they became scared and rebelled against God and Moses. As a result of their bad behavior, therefore, God punished them by making the Israelites travel forty years before they could settle in Israel, the promised land. This was also so that the next generation of Israelites would enter the promised land, following the death of the previous, badly-behaved generation.

Moses and the Hebrew people are escaping Egypt. They travel through Sinai. Some people complain, insult God, insult Moses. God punishes them. They send 12 spies to see what the promised land, Israel, is like. Two came back saying it is nice. Ten came back saying it is not nice and filled with "giants". So the Israelites do not go. God becomes angry and punishes them. They have to wander the desert for 40 years.

Some people complain about God, and God punishes them (e.g. by giving one leprosy, a nasty disease). The complaints deal with the lack of good food and water, and the difficulty of life in the desert. The food they are given is called manna and quail, which God sends raining down from the sky above. Their ingratitude is an example of the human inclination of moaning rather than being thankful for what one has, which in their case was the ultimate liberation from centuries of wicked slavery. The Levites help Moses pray at the tabernacle. 

Moses and the Israelites set for Moab, on the eastern border of Canaan (an earlier name for the promised land). The Israelites become thirsty and blame Moses for lack of water. God tells Moses to talk to a rock to bring out water. Moses hits the rock with his staff instead. For this wrong act, God tells Moses he can never enter the promised land. God punishes the people by preventing them from entering the promised land. They try to find another way. Aaron dies. The Israelites curse at God. They are then attacked by nasty fiery flying serpents. God tells Moses to make a brass serpent (the Nehushtan) and put it on a pole. Whoever looks at that brass serpent is cured of the bite of the serpents. 

The Israelites arrive at Moab. Moses names Joshua the new leader, who is tasked with completing their journey into Israel. The land is then divided between various tribes.



Allegra Versace

Allegra Versace (born in Milan on 30 June 1986) is the daughter of designer Donatella Versace and ex-fashion model Paul Beck.

Allegra, a 50% owner of the Versace fashion design business, is a sufferer from anorexia nervosa.


Rickenbacker

Rickenbacker International Corporation, also known as Rickenbacker () ), is an American company that makes electric guitars. The company invented the first electric guitar during the 1930s. The guitars are made at its headquarters in Santa Ana, California. Rickenbacker is the largest guitar company to make all of their guitars within the United States.


Donatella Versace

Donatella Versace (born 2 May 1955) is an Italian fashion designer and a current part-owner of the Versace fashion line. She is now their chief designer.

She was born in Reggio Calabria. She owns 20 percent of the entire stock market assets of Versace. Her brother, Santo Versace, owns 30 percent. Donatella's daughter Allegra Versace inherited 50% of the company stock. They inherited the company from Donatella's brother Gianni Versace after he was murdered.

A year and three days after Gianni's death in July 1998, Donatella Versace mounted her first couture show for the Versace Atelier at the Hôtel Ritz Paris. She built her runway over the hotel's swimming pool, using sheer glass. She now oversees the production of a dozen collections each year. Donatella is just as famous for her celebrity entourage and glittering parties. Regular guests include Sir Elton John, Elizabeth Hurley, Rakeem Young, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Kate Moss. Even Prince Charles attends Donatella's parties for the famous and elite in Europe.

Lady Gaga wrote the song "Donatella" from her 2013 album "Artpop" for Versace.


Ministry of Justice of Germany

The Federal Ministry of Justice is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany .

Germany has five "Classic Ministries", rather like the United Kingdom's "Great Offices of State".

The classic ministries are:

The Reich Justice Office was created in 1875. It was a part of the Chancellor's department until 1 January 1877 when it became independent. The first Minister of Justice was appointed in 1919, when the Office of Justice became the "Reichsministerium der Justiz" of the Weimar Republic

The Federal Minister of Justice heads the Ministry. He has two senior assistants.

Germany is a federal country. The administration of the justice and criminal prosecution is mainly a matter for the federal states.

The federal ministry's main job is ensuring that federation and the states, and all laws, keep within the "Rule of Law".

The ministry oversees the writing of new laws, and the changing or the abolition of existing laws in these areas:

The ministry also oversees the laws about qualifying and working as a judge, prosecutor, lawyer or notary

The ministry has also been responsible for the legal problems after the reunification of Germany. This meant changing a lot of criminal and administrative law. Also professional rehabilitation was needed. Judges and lawyers were just some of the people who were used to working in the communist system, and now had to change.

Furthermore, the ministry checks that all laws and ordinances prepared by other ministries do not break the constitution.

The Ministry publishes the official newspaper the "Bundesgesetzblatt" the Federal Law Gazette und "Bundesanzeiger" the Federal Gazette. It also prepares the elections of Judges to the Bundesverfassungsgerichts and the highest level of federal courts.

Learning by teaching

In professional education, learning by teaching means a method that trains pupils and students to prepare and to teach lessons, or parts of lessons. This method is designed to teach them better understanding than any method where the teacher talks to the pupils and gives them work they have to prepare.
Learning by teaching should not be confused with presentations or lectures by students, because they have to do much more. They have to choose their own methods and didactic approaches in teaching classmates that subject. And it is something else than tutoring, because the teacher gives continuous support when they prepare teaching.



Jean-Pol Martin

Jean-Pol Martin (born 1943, Paris, France) was a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany. He established the teaching method learning by teaching, a method for students to learn by teaching their peers. This concept has developed into a common practice throughout Germany and has been experimented with in other countries.

Martin was born in 1943 in Paris and went to Germany in 1968. He studied German and French in order to become a teacher at a German grammar school, becoming a professor for foreign language teaching didactics at the Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt (Bavaria) in 1980. In that year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in French. That experience was successful, so he could establish the "Lernen durch Lehren" (LdL) (learning by teaching) method in Germany. He was the first scholar to do active research on that topic for 25 years, building a wide network with several thousand teachers and promoting it to a large scale. All teachers in Germany are trained in that method during their pedagogic studies.



Tutor

A tutor is a person who teaches or guides another person. Usually, the tutor is an older expert who teaches a younger learner. Early examples were Socrates, who taught philosophy by holding conversations with his students, and Aristotle, who was appointed the personal tutor of Alexander the Great when the latter was a youth.

The essence of a tutor's work is to adjust the teaching to the individual learner. The tutor has to take account of: 

The idea is that a tutor teaches, or 'moulds' the student as a whole. However, there is an obvious difference between the tutor's need for topical knowledge and his or her need for 'people skills'. The system operated at the older colleges of Oxford University recognises this by appointing two tutors to a student: a subject-matter tutor and a moral tutor. The latter helps the student with problems of a personal nature.

Education by a tutor is often thought to be an ideal kind of education, because the tutor can adjust the learning to suit one student. However, the word is often misused. If students are taught in groups larger than three or four, then much that makes a tutorial special is lacking.

High achievers in fields like music, mathematics and chess may be tutored when classroom methods do not meet their needs.

There are parallels in other walks of life. Sports people have coaches, and the job of a coach is very similar to that of a tutor. A guru might be regarded as a kind of tutor. A mentor is a kind of tutor. Parents with children do much that a tutor does.

In Australian, New Zealand, and some Canadian universities, a tutor is often but not always a postgraduate student or a lecturer who conducts a seminar for undergraduate students. These seminars are often known as a tutorial. 

In the United States and the rest of Canada, a tutor is known as a teaching assistant.

Historically, the term "tutor" has assumed a simple relationship between an expert older person and a young learner. With the huge classes of a modern university the one-to-one relationship between tutor and learner is all but dead and buried. The tutor sets MCQs (multiple choice questions) and the mass of students learn a set text by rote learning. The tests are easy to mark, and the marking is done by a graduate student who gets paid for the work.

In English and Irish secondary schools, form tutors are similar to American home room teachers. They are in charge of a group of students in a particular year group.

In the United States, peer tutors are students teaching other students of the same or similar age or grade level. When peer tutors are trained how to tutor correctly, peer tutoring is both cost effective and academically effective.



Great Offices of State

The Great Offices of State are the four most important cabinet jobs in the United Kingdom.

Only one person has ever held all four, James Callaghan, who was Prime Minister from 1976 to 1979.

The four posts are

The King asks the Prime Minister to form a Government following a General Election. The Party who has the Majority in the House of Commons is usually asked to form.

The Chancellor, Foreign and Home Secretary are also appointed by the King. These are on the advice of the Prime Minister. Its more of a formality for the King to appoint as the decision is taken by the Prime Minister. This is the same for the other Cabinet Ministers. 

Foreign Secretary

The Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs (known as the Foreign Secretary) is the Minister in charge of the United Kingdom's Foreign and Commonwealth Office. In many countries this job is called Foreign minister.

Until the 1960s, the Foreign Secretary only handled relations with foreign countries and international organisations. There was a separate Commonwealth Secretary and a Colonial Secretary, but all three are now joined into one.

David Cameron has been Foreign Secretary since 13 November 2023.

The Foreign Secretary's is one of the four Great Offices of State.

Hermetschwil-Staffeln

Hermetschwil-Staffeln was a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Hermetschwil-Staffeln merged into the municipality of Bremgarten.

Herznach

Herznach is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Hilfikon

Hilfikon was a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2010, it is part of the municipality of Villmergen.

Claudine Monteil

Claudine Monteil (born 1949) is a French writer and women's rights specialist. She holds a PhD on Simone de Beauvoir's writings and life. She was inspired by the example of her mother, Dr Josiane Serre, a chemist and president of the École Normale Supérieure de Jeunes Filles (ex-Sèvres), the equivalent of one of the Seven Sisters. Her father is the mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre, Fields medal and Abel prize.

Dr Monteil is one of the founders of the women's rights movement in 1970. She is also a specialist on Simone de Beauvoir. While working on women's rights, she was a long close friend of Beauvoir, Jean-Paul Sartre and Beauvoir's sister, the painter Hélène de Beauvoir. 

Her writings on the Beauvoirs, Sartre and French feminism, have been translated into multiple languages:


Claudine Monteil has also written a biography on Charlie Chaplin with his wife Oona Chaplin. 


Fontenais

Fontenais is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Bressaucourt merged into the municipality of Fontenais.

Fregiécourt

Fregiécourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Grandfontaine, Switzerland

Grandfontaine is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Hirschthal

Hirschthal is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

<br>

Mortification

Mortification is a Christian extreme metal band from Australia. The band was formed in 1990.



Lugnez

Lugnez is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Holderbank

Holderbank can mean:

Two municipalities of Switzerland:

Holderbank, Aargau

Holderbank is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Miécourt

Miécourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. The French language is the most people's first language in this town.

Steve Rowe

Steve Rowe (born January 1965 in Melbourne) is an Australian bassist. He is the founder of the Christian extreme metal band Mortification.


Montenol

Montenol was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Montenol, Epauvillers, Epiquerez, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne and Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs

Holziken

Holziken is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Montignez

Montignez was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Montignez, Buix and Courtemaîche merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

Hornussen, Aargau

Hornussen was a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Hottwil

Hottwil was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Montmelon

Montmelon was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it is a part of the new municipality Clos du Doubs.

The municipality is made of several villages and of many spread out farms. The municipality has about 100 people living there, many of them are farmers.

Hunzenschwil

Hunzenschwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Extreme metal

Extreme metal describes a mixture of heavy metal music subgenres formed since the 1980s. Extreme metal is much harsher than other heavy metal. It is also underground, or less commercial.



Islisberg

Islisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ocourt

Ocourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of Clos du Doubs and district of Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Ittenthal

Ittenthal was a municipality, in the municipality of Kaisten and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Jonen

Jonen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Kaiseraugst

Kaiseraugst is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Kaiserstuhl, Aargau

Kaiserstuhl was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Kaisten, Aargau

Kaisten is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1st January 2010 the former municipality of Ittenthal merged into the municipality of Kaisten.


Kallern

Kallern is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Killwangen

Killwangen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

The village is in the Limmat river valley between Baden and Zürich.

Limmat

The Limmat is a river in Switzerland that flows northwest until it joins into the river Aare north of the small town of Brugg.

Its name comes from Linth and Maag the main tributaries of the lake of Zürich.

The main tributaries of the Limmat river are the Sihl (in Zürich) and the Reppisch (in Dietikon).

This river is one of the main providers of hydroelectric power in Switzerland.


Kirchleerau

Kirchleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Klingnau

Klingnau is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Koblenz (disambiguation)

The name comes from the Latin word "confluentiae" (= Eng. "confluence") and means the joining of two rivers. There are several places named Koblenz:


Koblenz, Switzerland

Koblenz (or Coblenz) is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Asshole

Asshole (or arsehole in British English) is slang for the anus and is also used as a word to hurt people's feelings. It's made up from the word "arse", which has been used for a long time as another name for the anus. This was first added to the word "hole" in the sixteenth century in books, but may have been used in talking a long time before that. By the 1970s, Hustler magazine featured people they did not like as "Asshole of the month."

Asshole is mainly used as a bad word towards someone that the speaker does not like. 
You could not say "asshole" on normal television in the US until the early 1990s, but it was sometimes in PG-13 and R rated films before this.

In 2000, during a Labor Day event, George W. Bush made an off-hand remark to his running mate, Dick Cheney, that "New York Times" reporter Adam Clymer was a "major league asshole."

Gene Simmons of rock band Kiss released a solo album called "Asshole" which also featured a song of the same name. Denis Leary also had a song called "Asshole" in 1993. 

Words similar to "asshole" are "asshat", "assclown", "asstard", "asspat" and "asspit".

Religious debates over the Harry Potter series

Religious debates over the "Harry Potter" series of books by J. K. Rowling are usually because people say the books have occult or Satanic parts. These sayings come from some Protestant, Catholic, and Orthodox Christians. It also comes from Muslims who argue against the series.

A great number of people have replied to these claims. People who support the series say that the magic in "Harry Potter" is not really like occultism. They say it is more like fairy tales like "Cinderella" and "Snow White". They also suggest that it is more like the works of C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien. Both writers are known for writing fantasy novels with Christian values. Some argue that the "Harry Potter" novels try hard not to discuss religion at all.

In the United States, people tried to get the books banned in schools. Their argument was that witchcraft is a registered religion, so letting the books in schools went against the separation of church and state. This then went to court to decide whether it was against the freedom of religion.

However, sometimes religion has supported the "Harry Potter" series. "At least as much as they've been attacked from a theological point of view", says Rowling, "[the books] have been lauded (praised) and taken into pulpit, and most interesting and satisfying for me, it's been by several different faiths".


Dr Pepper

Dr Pepper is a soft drink (soda) similar to Coca Cola in its color. Each can of Dr Pepper contains 150 calories.

c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" USA (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor) 


Pleujouse

Pleujouse was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it is part of the new municipality of La Baroche

Porrentruy

Porrentruy () is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura. It is the seat of the district of the same name.

Réclère

Réclère was a municipality, in the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Roche-d'Or

Roche-d'Or was a municipality, in the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Rocourt

Rocourt was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Rocourt merged into the municipality of Haute-Ajoie.

Kölliken

Kölliken is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Künten

Künten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Küttigen

Küttigen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Saint-Ursanne

Saint Ursanne (population about 1,000) is a city and was a municipality, in the new municipality of Clos du Doubs and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura, Switzerland. It has has kept its medieval style.

Its name refers to Saint Ursicinus, a 7th century monk who made a monastery there.


Laufenburg, Aargau

Laufenburg is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is the capital city of the district with the same name.

Since 2010, Sulz is part of the municipality.

<br>


Leibstadt

Leibstadt is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Leimbach, Aargau

Leimbach is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lengnau

Lengnau may be one of the following municipalities in Switzerland:


Leuggern

Leuggern is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Leutwil

Leutwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lengnau, Aargau

Lengnau is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Linn, Aargau

Linn was a municipality, in the new municipality of Bözberg and district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lupfig

Lupfig is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Scherz merged into the municipality of Lupfig.

480

The year 480 was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar, and in Roman numerals it is CDLXXX. 





Magden

Magden is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Mägenwil

Mägenwil is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mandach

Mandach is a municipality in Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Meisterschwanden

Meisterschwanden is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mellikon

Mellikon is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mellingen

Mellingen is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Altoids

Altoids are a brand of breath mints and candies that have been sold since the 1800s. There are many different flavors and varieties of Altoids.

Mints are sold in tin boxes, are round, and come in six flavors: Peppermint, Cinnamon, Wintergreen, Spearmint, and Arctic Strawberry. They are the most popular product produced under the Altoids brand.

Sours are hard candies that are round. They come in six flavors: Tangerine, Citrus, Raspberry, Apple, Mango, and Passion Fruit. They were discontinued in 2015.

Altoids gum is sugar-free, which means there is no sugar inside the gum. They come in six flavors: Peppermint, Spearmint, Cinnamon, Wintergreen, Cherry, and Apple. 

Breath Strips came in two flavors: Cinnamon and Peppermint. Since 2007, the product was discontinued, which means that the company is not selling them anymore. This product is discontinued.

The official Altoids website 

Menziken

Menziken is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Merenschwand

Merenschwand is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

The municipality of Benzenschwil merged on 1 January 2012 into Merenschwand.

The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus

The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is an American band. Since the band formed in 2003 in Jacksonville, Florida, they have made four albums and five EPs.



Monción

Monción is a city and municipality of the Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Dominican Republic. Its old name was "Guaraguanó", a Taíno name that sometimes is used. The Municipio of Monción was founder by Joaquin Izquierdo, Anastasio Valle, Tomás Genao, Luis José Saldá, Dionicio Bueno y Siriaco Peralta.

The town was founded by people that came to look for gold in the Mao river and other rivers of the region. Later, some families came to live here to cut the many trees, mainly pines, that were around the town.

On 9 April 1884, it was created the "Puesto Cantonal de Guaraguanó" in the Monte Cristi province. "Puesto Cantonal" was similar to a municipality; in English, "County (Military) Post". On 23 March 1898, the name of "Guaraguanó" was changed to the present name, "Monción", in honor of "Benito Monción", one of the heroes of the Restoration War against Spain.

When the Santiago Rodríguez province was created in 1948, Monción was one of the municipalities of that new province.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 11,753: 6,069 men and 5,684 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Monción is on the northern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") and has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Santiago Rodríguez. The city is an elevation of , and at to the southeast of Sabaneta, the capital of the province.

It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).

The municipality of Monción has the Valverde province to the north, the Santiago province to the west and south, and the municipality of Sabaneta to the west.

Monción has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is February with .

Monción is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. Monción is the centre of production of "casabe" (a kind of bread, of Taíno origin, made with the flour of manioc).

Schwyz

Schwyz can mean:

Guayacanes

Guayacanes is a village in the province of Ciego de Ávila, Cuba.


American Cooperative School of Tunis

The American Cooperative School of Tunis or ACST is a comprehensive non-profit private high school in Tunis, Tunisia. The school has more than 500 students in grades K-12,

The school is widely known for its International Baccalaureate Diploma Program which it has used since 2000. It is currently the only IB World School in Tunisia.

The American Cooperative School of Tunis was founded in 1959, originally as an American Grade School only teaching Grades K-8. A ninth grade was added in 1982 and a tenth grade in 1993. Eleventh and twelfth grade was added in 1995 and 1996 respectively with the first graduating class being the class of June 1997.


Ginny Weasley

Ginevra "Ginny" Molly Weasley is a fictional character of J.K. Rowling's famous series of fantasy novels, Harry Potter. She is a Gryffindor. Ginny was born on August 11th 1981, thus making her one year younger than Harry Potter. She developed a crush on Harry when she first lays her eyes on him. Harry doesn't develop a crush on her until her fifth year. He later breaks up with her to keep her safe from Voldemort. She later marries Harry and they have three children; James Sirius, Albus Severus and Lily Luna Potter. Ginny is described as a freckled young girl with flaming red hair, which she often wear in a mane closely resembles a lion's mane. She is the youngest child of the Weasley family and the only daughter in seven children: Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, Ron, and Ginny. She is also the only girl to born into the Weasley family in seven consecutive generations. In the Harry Potter films she is portrayed by Bonnie Wright.

Fucking Åmål

The movie was written and directed by Lukas Moodysson and was his first full-length movie. Alexandra Dahlström and Rebecka Liljeberg are "Elin" and "Agnes". "Fucking Åmål" won four Guldbagge Awards at the 1999 awards ceremony. The movie was not filmed in Åmål, the city that gives the name to the movie, but in Trollhättan, another small city in Sweden. The movie is really famous in lesbian environments around the world.

The movie tells the story of two girls, Agnes and Elin, who go to school in the small town of Åmål. Elin is outgoing and popular, but finds her life unsatisfying and dull. Agnes, by contrast, has no friends and is constantly depressed. Agnes has a crush on Elin, but cannot find any way to express it. Agnes's parents worry about their daughter and try to make her happy. They throw a birthday party for her, but Agnes is afraid no one will come. Her friend, a girl in a wheelchair, shows up and Agnes shouts at her in front of her parents, telling her they are only friends because no one wants to make friends with either of them. Elin arrives late at Agnes's house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party, where there will be a boy she wants to avoid. Elin's older sister, Jessica, who comes with her, dares her to kiss Agnes, who is rumoured to be a lesbian. Elin fulfils the dare, and then runs away. Elin soon discovers that she is attracted to Agnes but is afraid to admit it. She pretends to be in love with Johan Hult, the boy she avoided at the start. She loses her virginity to him, but later breaks up with him, telling him that she is in love with someone else, truly she understand that boys want just sex from the girls, so she try to see around herself, and she discovers the love for Agnes. Elin and Agnes eventually show each other's feelings at the end of the movie, where, after a climactic scene in a school bathroom, they decide to "out" their relationship to all students in the school.



Mateo Alemán

Mateo Alemán y de Enero (Seville, Spain, 1547 – 1615? in Mexico) was a Spanish writer.

He graduated at Seville University in 1564 and later studied at Salamanca and Alcalá. From 1571 to 1588 held a post in the treasury. He was descended from Jews who were made to converted to Catholicism after 1492. One of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practice Judaism. In 1599, he published the first part of "Guzmán de Alfarache". It was a well liked book which was printed in at least sixteen editions in five years.

In 1571 he married Catalina de Espinosa. It was not a happy marriage. He was constantly in money difficulties and was imprisoned for debt at Seville at the end of 1602.

In 1608, Alemán moved to America. It is said that he worked as a printer in Mexico. His "Ortografía castellana" (1609), published in Mexico, contains ideas for the reform of Spanish spelling. Nothing is known of Alemán after 1609, but it is sometimes believed that he was still living in 1617.

Rebecka Liljeberg

Rebecka Månstråle Liljeberg (born 13 May 1981) is a Swedish actress.

She was born in Turinge, about 40 km southwest of Stockholm, and moved around Sweden for much of her youth. Liljeberg's mother was relatively young when she was born, and her parents divorced when she was one year old. At the age of 9 (1991), Liljeberg began her acting career when she won a role in the series "Sunes jul". Between 1993 and 1997, she became played in amateur theatre, which she continued with until gaining a role in the movie "Närkontakt" later in 1997. The following year she won her breakthrough role in the Lukas Moodysson movie "Fucking Åmål". For the movie she stopped his study in high school to take up the role, which ultimately won her the 1999 Guldbagge Award for Best Actress, together with Alexandra Dahlström. After her roles in "Fucking Åmål" and "Sherdil", Liljeberg began an adult education course in order to graduate from high school. While studying, she also played in "Bear's Kiss", and voiced a character in the Swedish version of IMAX movie "T-Rex: Back to the Cretaceous". In 2002, she completed the adult education course, and is now studying medicine at the Karolinska Institute to become a pediatrician.

Liljeberg is known to enjoy working with computers. She wrote for a Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet for some time. Liljeberg also contributed to UNESCO's "Utrymme" anthology of twenty works from young writers around the world. Liljeberg now lives in Stockholm with her boyfriend Alexander Skepp. They have two children: Harry Theodor, born in June 2002 and Vera, born on 1 January, 2005. Liljeberg expressed a desire to work with director Lukas Moodysson again.


Alexandra Dahlström

Alexandra Dahlström (born February 12, 1984) is a Swedish actress. She was born in Gävle, Sweden, and grew up in Stockholm. Her mother is Russian, and her father Swedish. She speaks Swedish, Russian, French, German, English, and Italian.

Dahlström gained international attention in 1998, after starring as "Elin" in the movie "Fucking Åmål". For this, she won the Guldbagge Award for Best Actress, together with Rebecka Liljeberg. After "Fucking Åmål" she receiving numerous offers to work in other movies, but she declined the offers, because she wanted to concentrate on finishing school. In 2002, Dahlström worked as assistant director and Russian translator,for Lukas Moodysson, with his movie "Lilya 4-ever". From the 5 March 2007 Alexandra will be participating in the Dutch soap opera Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden on RTL 4. She will play a Swedish exchanges student called Skylar Nilsson.

She lived alone in Stockholm after graduating high school. She continued to act in theatre. After a several-year break, Dahlström again starred in the movie "Fröken Sverige" (Miss Sweden) gaining nice comments. During the autumn of 2004 she was the DJ for the biggest late night talk show in Sweden, called 'Late Night with Luuk', which she had been originally interviewed on in May 1998 with Rebecka Liljeberg for her acting in "Fucking Åmål". After completing her studies, she now lives in Rome, Italy and is again pursuing a serious acting career.



Search engine optimization

Search engine optimization (SEO) is making websites appear as a top result when someone searches for a term. The search term is called a "keyword". The results of the search are displayed in search engine's results pages (SERPS) such as those given by Google, Bing, Baidu, Yahoo!, DuckDuckGo, Yandex, Naver, Ask, Aolsearch, Seznam. Another term used to describe search engine optimization is internet marketing or search engine marketing.

On-page SEO, or on-site SEO, is optimizing web pages and content for the users and search engines. It refers to the elements and attributes of a website, such as content, HTML, system, CSS, and internal links.

On-page SEO is still practiced by web owners and web development agencies. Websites are ranked by content and use Google keywords to index websites and rank accordingly. In fact, Google’s own “How Search Works” reported that, “The most basic signal that information is relevant is "when a web page contains the same keyword as the search query". If those keywords appear on the page, or if they appear in the headings or body of the text, the information is more likely to be relevant”.

Technical SEO refers to the non-content elements of your elements on you site. This applies to elements that affect the optimization and proper operation of the website, such as Site speed, Mobile-friendliness, Crawlability.

Technical SEO is the primary strategy used by website development agencies. Correct and fast operation of the website is a key element that has a fundamental impact on the reception of the website.

Everything that doesn't take place immediately on your website is considered off-page SEO. On-page SEO, which entails things like site structure, content, and speed optimizations, is the process of improving your website. Among other things, link building, social media, and local SEO are all aspects of off-page SEO.

SEO has become an important part of marketing campaigns run by businesses to find customers online because 65% of the people who search for something don't look beyond the 5th result of the search engine's results page. Many companies use SEO companies to do the work for them because it takes too much time to do themselves.

Search engine companies like Google, Yahoo, Bing are careful to watch that spam does not affect their search engine results pages by adding filters such as Google's PageRank. These filters are known as algorithms.

Most people do not need to pay for search engine optimization services because usually a website is supposed to show up on the search engines over time anyway. But some online shopping websites may want to show up sooner, and so they pay for search engine optimization from companies that provide it.

When someone uses a method approved by search engines to rank their website, it is called a "white hat technique". If the method is not approved it is called a "black hat technique". Search engines may penalize the sites using black hat techniques by not showing them on search results.


Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs

The Federal Ministry of Work and Social Affairs (BMAS) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany . It was part of the Federal Ministry of economy and work () between 2002 and 2005.

A part of the ministry is based in Berlin-Mitte. When the Bundestag and government moved to Berlin in 1999 the BMA moved into buildings in the Jägerstraße/ Wilhelmstraße. A large part of the ministry stayed in Bonn. Originally the building at Wilhelmstraße 49 was a stately home. After 1826 it was used by the Hohenzollern Prince Karl.

The building housed the press department of the Reichsregierung (National government) of the Weimar Republic between 1918 and 1933. Under the Third Reich it was the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda of Dr Joseph Goebbels.

After Wartime damage was repaired, the Central Council of the National Front moved in 1947. Later the Central Council of the German Democratic Republic occupied the building. The study of the first and only president of the DDR, Wilhelm Pieck, is there. It was restored between 1996 and 2000.

1949-1957: Anton Storch (CDU)


The BMAS was involved in promoting the new Code of Social Law II, sometimes called Hartz IV.

The ministry also supervises the

Bundesagentur für Arbeit federal Labour agency ("Jobcentres" as they are known in the UK);

Bundesanstalt für Arbeitsschutz und Arbeitsmedizin. Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health

The European Court of Justice found that Germany did not properly enforce the Working Hours Directive. This was a job BMAS should have done.

Federal Ministry of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth

The Federal Ministry of Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth () (BMFSFJ) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Although the headquarters are in Berlin, more people work in the Bonn office.

Different ministries, for example Labour and Social Affairs, can affect families, the elderly, women and youth. The BMFSFJ watches what these ministries do and provides specialised help.

1953
1957

1963

1969

1986

1991

1994

"Federal Minister for Family Questions (1953 to 1957), Family and Youth Questions (1957-1963) or Family and Youth (1963 to 1969)"

"Federal Minister for Youth, Family and Health (1969 to 1986), Youth, Family, Women and Health (1986–1991)"

"Federal Minister for Women and Youth 1991 to 1994"

"Federal Minister for Family and Senior Citizens 1991 to 1994"

"Federal Minister for Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth since 1994"

Ark of the Covenant

The Ark of the Covenant (ארון הברית in Hebrew: "aron hab'rit") is described in the Bible as a holy container where the Ten Commandments and other holy Israelite objects are held. According to the Bible, Yahweh commanded the Ark be built when Moses had a prophetic vision at Sinai (Exodus 25:9-10). Some people believe the Ark contained Aaron's Rod, a jar of Manna, and the first Torah Scroll written by Moses, based on their reading of Book of Exodus, Book of Numbers, and the Letter to the Hebrews. The first of the Books of Kings says that during the time of King Solomon, the Ark held only the Ten Commandments.

The Hebrew word "aron" is used in the Bible to designate any type of ark or chest, for any purpose (Genesis 50:26; 2 Kings 12:9, 10). The Ark of the Covenant is distinguished from all others by such titles as "Ark of God" (1 Samuel 3:3), "Ark of the Covenant" (Josh. 3:6; Hebrews 9:4), "Ark of the Testimony" (Ex. 25:22).
The Ark (aron kodesh in Hebrew meaning holy cupboard) is a raised cupboard found in Jewish Synagogues which contains the holy Torah scrolls. These are all written by hand and can take years to make. It is always on the wall of the Synagogue which faces towards Jerusalem.
When the Ark is opened and the Torah removed for reading everyone stands in respect of God. During some prayers and services the Ark doors an inner curtain (parochet) are kept open.

The Bible describes the Ark as made of acacia or shittah-tree wood. It was a cubit and a half broad and high, and two and a half cubits long (about 130 cm × 78 cm × 78 cm or 4.29 × 2.57 × 2.57 feet, for Egyptian royal cubit was most likely used). The Ark was covered all over with the purest gold.

Middle Eastern: Israel

People: Joshua, Samuel, Solomon








Cubit

Cubit is the name for any one of many units of measure used by various ancient peoples and is among the first recorded units of length.

The cubit is based on measuring by comparing – especially rope and textiles, but also for timber and stone – to one's forearm length. The Egyptian hieroglyph for the unit shows this symbol. It was used through antiquity, the Middle Ages up to early modern times.

The distance between thumb and another finger to the elbow on an average person is about 24 digits or 6 palms or 1½ feet (45.72 cm or 18 inches). This so-called "natural cubit" of 1½ feet is used in the Roman system of measures and in different Greek systems.

Over time, units similar in type to the cubit have measured:

From late antiquity, the Roman "ulna", a four-feet-cubit (about 120 cm) is also known. This is the measure from a man's hip to the fingers of the outstretched opposite arm.

The English yard has a long legal history, but its origin is not known. The English ell is essentially a kind of great cubit of 15 palms, 114 cm, or 45 inches (3.75 ft).




Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development

The Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The ministry's headquarters are in what used to be the Bundeskanzleramt (the Federal Chancellor's Office building) in Bonn, with a second office in the Europahaus, in Berlin.

The BMZ was founded 1961, as the Ministry for Economic Cooperation. Lots of different ministries had a little to do with helping the economies of foreign countries. These jobs were all taken away and given to the new ministry. It became the "Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development" on 23 January 1993. The change was to show that Germany was not just interested in working with Less Developed Countries, but in helping those countries as well.

The BMZ main job is help to other countries to develop and become richer. It does this by giving money and other aid.

The BMZ also oversees giving money to international organisations and private charities which can help the BMZ's main job.

The money that Germany gives to the European Development Fund, the World Bank and regional development banks is paid by the BMZ.

The BMZ also makes sure that countries which get money are democratic and have a good human rights record.

Germany thinks that giving this help is so important that the BMZ is a member of the Federal Security Council, which helps to make sure that Germany is safe and at peace.


Haskovo

Haskovo is a town in southeastern Bulgaria. Around 96,000 people live there. It celebrated the 1,000th anniversary in 1985.

Archeologists (people who study stuff from long ago) say that people started to live in the Haskovo area about 7,000 years ago. 

During the 9th century, a fortress was built, and soon after, a town was built around the fortress. The town was located on a big piece of land between the Klokotnitsa, Harmanliyska, and Maritsa rivers.

In 1395, the "Eski camii" (the Old Mosque) was built as one of the first in the Balkans.

In 1782, the town was known as Marsa (Arab name).

Most Bulgarians started living in Haskovo in the 19th century. The town was a trading center for merchants (people who sell stuff) from Edirne, Enos, and Istanbul. The area became known for producing cotton, silk fabrics, and carpets. At the Treaty of Istanbul in 1913, after the second Balkan Wars, a population exchange was made by the Ottoman Empire with the Kingdom of Bulgaria, 9714 Muslim's (Turks and Xoraxane Roma) from Haskovo was expelled to East Thrace in Ottoman Empire, and 9472 Orthodox Christian (Bulgarians) from Edirne was expelled to North Trace at Kingdom of Bulgaria. 


Athens, Alabama

Athens is a city in Limestone County, Alabama. It is also the county seat of that county.

In the year 2020, Athens had a population of about 25,406 people. Athens has an area of about 39 miles and sits at 798 feet above sea level.

Athens (disambiguation)

Athens is the capital city of Greece.

Athens may also refer to:

In the United States:

In the United Kingdom:

Ell

The English unit of length ell is usually 45 inches. That means 1.143 m (for the international inch). It came from the length of the arm from the shoulder (or the elbow) to the wrist, although the exact length was never defined in English law.

Several different national forms existed, with different lengths: the Scottish ell (about 37 inches), the Flemish ell (about 27 inches) and the Polish ell (0.78 metres, about 31 inches).

This unit has mostly fallen out of use, as have others based on the human arm: 

Sometimes "ell" is used as an other word for the cubit.

An ell-wand or ellwand was a rod of length one ell used for official measurement. Edward I of England ordered that every town should have one. 

Ell (disambiguation)

Ell or ELL may refer to:

In science and technology:

In places:

In people:

In transport:

In other:

Unit of length

A unit of length is a way of measuring length or distance.

Common units of length in the International System of Units (SI) are:

But there are a lot of units that do not fit in the SI-System:

Common Imperial units and U.S. customary units of length include:

In addition, the following are used by mariners:

Surveyors in the United States continue to use:

Horse racing keeps alive:

Astronomical measure uses:

Physics also uses:

Old units of distance are:

In everyday conversation, and in informal literature, it is common to see lengths measured in units of objects of which everyone knows the approximate width. Common examples are:

Mettau, Switzerland

Mettau was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Möhlin

Möhlin is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Mönthal

Mönthal is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Moosleerau

Moosleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Möriken-Wildegg

Möriken-Wildegg is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Muhen

Muhen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gorgona, Italy

Gorgona is an island in the Tuscan Archipelago, a group of islands off the west coast of Italy.

It is one of only five islands in the world on which the Corsican Finch is found.The island is famous for its anchovies. Tradition holds that monks from Gorgona rescued the relics of Saint Julia of Corsica before they were carried to the mainland in the 8th century. 

Mühlau

Mühlau is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mülligen

Mülligen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Tuscan Archipelago

The Tuscan Archipelago is a chain of islands between the Ligurian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea, west of Tuscany, Italy.

The archipelago contains the islands of Elba (the largest island of the group), Pianosa, Capraia, Montecristo, Giglio, Gorgona and Giannutri, all of which are protected as part of the Tuscan Archipelago National Park.


Pianosa

Pianosa is a small (about 10 km) island in Italy's Tuscan Archipelago. The name is derived from the latin word "planasia" (plain) because its highest point is some 22 meters over sea level. Pianosa has no permanent residents. It is known in Italy for a maximum-security prison, where especially dangerous Mafia criminals are held. For administration, Pianosa is part of the Elba island municipality. On clear days, it can be seen from that island as a dark blue line over the lighter blue sea.

In the novel "Catch-22", a U.S. Army Air Corps bomber squadron is based on the island during World War II,

There is another, even smaller island called "Pianosa" off the Adriatic coast of Italy.


Capraia

Capraia, is an island of Italy, part of the Tuscan Archipelago, off the northwest coast, belonging to the Province of Livorno. It is 62 km from the city of Livorno by sea, and 32 km northwest of the island of Elba. It is of volcanic origin, has an area of 19 km² and its highest point is 466 m above sea level. As of 31 December 2004, the "comune" (municipality) of Capraia Isola had a population of 366

The island produces wine, and is a centre of the anchovy fishery. It became Genoese in 1527 and was strongly fortified. In 1796 it was occupied for a short time by Horatio Nelson. Part of the island was formerly occupied by an agricultural penal colony, but it was shut down in 1986. Most of the island has been made into a national park. About 40 km to the north is the island of Gorgona, which is also famous for its anchovies.


Montecristo

Monte Cristo is a small Italian Island, about 4.3 kilometers across at its widest point, about halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy; south of Elba and west of Giglio. It is part of the Tuscan Archipelago. The island is probably best known as a fictional setting in the novel "The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas, père.

Monte Cristo is Italian for “The mountain of Christ".

The island is remote and kept by the Italian government as a nature preserve and hunting park, and only accessible by private yacht and permit. There are no structures on the island.

Giglio

Giglio Island (Italian: "Isola del Giglio") is an island and Italian "commune" located in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the coast of Tuscany, part of the Province of Grosseto, and part of Tuscan Archipelago

The island is separated by a 16 km stretch of sea from the Argentario promontory: mainly mountainous, it is almost all granite with the highest point the Poggio della Pagana (496 m). 90% of its surface is covered by Mediterranean vegetation alternating with large pine forests and numerous vineyards which enable the production of the famous "Ansonaco" wine. The coast is 27 km long, made up of rocks, of smooth cliffs and several bays: Arenella, Cannelle, Caldane and Campese, the biggest one with its little village of the same name.

The modern island was probably born 4.5 - 5 millions years ago, and people have lived there since the Iron Age. Later it was probably an Etruscan military stronghold. Under the Romans it was an important base in the Tyrrhenian Sea, written about, for example, by Julius Caesar in his "De Bello Gallico" and by the poet Rutilius Claudius Namatianus.

In 805 it was given by Charlemagne to the abbey of the Tre Fontane in Rome, and was later a possession of Aldobrandeschi, Pannocchieschi, Caetani, Orsini families and the town of Perugia. In 1241 the Sicilian fleet of Emperor Frederick II destroyed a Genoese fleet. From 1264 Giglio was a Pisane dominion, from which it passed to the Medici. It suffered several Saracen attacks, which ended only in 1799.

Alongside its history the island was always renowned for its mineral resources: many columns and edifices in Rome were built with the Gigliese granite.

The island has the remains of a Roman villa of Domitius Ahenobarbus (1st-2nd centuries), in the area of Giglio Porto. No traces of the Temple of Diana once existing now can be seen. The church of San Pietro Apostolo in Giglio Castello has an ivory crucifix believed to be by Giambologna

It is also site of an Etruscan shipwreck, dating to the early Iron Age, "c." 600 BC. The cargo of the ship included copper and lead ingots, iron spits, amphorae and a Corinthian helmet. Even a wooden writing tablet with stylus was preserved. The finds are almost completely lost now.

Isola del Giglio is connected to Tuscany by ferries starting from Porto Santo Stefano and Orbetello Scalo.


Giannutri

Giannutri is a small island in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Tuscany, Italy. It is the most southern island of the Tuscan Archipelago.

Its tourist attractions include Villa Domizia, an ancient Roman seaside villa.

Orange, Ohio

Orange is a village of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of the big city of Cleveland. The population was 3,421 people as of 2020.

Orange was first settled in 1815, and was founded as a township in 1820. In 1831, Orange became the birthplace of United States president James A. Garfield.

Orange was made into a village in 1929.


Boeing AH-64 Apache

The AH-64 Apache is an attack helicopter that first flew in 1975 and has been produced since 1984. It was designed by Hughes Helicopters, but that later became McDonnell Douglas, which later became Boeing. It is designed to attack things on the ground to help soldiers. To do this, it can carry 16 AGM-114 Hellfire missiles, along with rocket pods, and a 30mm chain gun that can fire 625 rounds per minute. It can carry 1,200 bullets. It can also carry missiles like the AIM-9 Sidewinder to shoot down things in the air if it is attacked by fighter aircraft or other helicopters.

The AH-64 is 49.11 feet (14.97 meters) long, 17.16 feet (5.23 meters) wide, and 16.24 feet (4.95 meters) tall. Without anything, it weighs 11,799 pounds (5,352 kilograms). Full, it weighs 22,282 pounds (10,107 kilograms). It is powered by 2 General Electric T700-GE-701C engines. It can go 162 miles per hour (261 kilometers per hour), can fly 1,181 miles (1,900 kilometers) without refueling, can fly 9,478 feet (2,889 meters) high, and can climb 2,415 feet a minute (736 meters a minute).

The AH-64 has been used by the United States. It was first used in Operation Just Cause. It has also been used by Israel, Japan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Kuwait, Greece, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Singapore.

The need of a new and highly secure helicopter was first felt in the beginning of the 1990s. The great military power, the British Army, identified this need and by February 1993 they finalised the need with an invitation to bid for the design, construction and trial of the new concept.

Among the bidding companies were: Boeing and Sikorsky with the RAH-66 Comanche, Agusta with the A129 Mangusta, British Aerospace and Eurocopter with the Tiger, GEC Marconi and Bell Helicopter the Cobra Venom, and Westland and McDonnell Douglas with the AH-64 Apache. The decision was taken later in July in 2005 and the winning aircraft builder was Westland and McDonnell Douglas with the Apache. One year later in 2006 the tow Parties signed a contract for 67 helicopters. This is how the WAH-64D Apache era started.

The 67 WAH-64D Apache attack helicopters were built by the merged companies Boeing and McDonnell Douglas (1997) and Westland between 1999 and 2004. The first aircraft was built by Boeing and delivered to the Army in March 1999, followed by the Westland, who built their first aircraft in 2000 and delivered in July 2000. The last aircraft was built and delivered in July 2004.

Aberdeen, Ohio

Aberdeen is a village of Brown County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. The population is 1,515 people as of 2020.

The village has an area of 1.6 square miles.

Aberdeen was made in 1816 along the north shore of the Ohio River, at a site where a ferry was in service.

List of cities in Ohio

This is a list of cities in the American state of Ohio:

 Chelsea,Ohio

Adamsville, Ohio

Adamsville is a village of Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. The population is 140 people as of 2020.

The village has an area of .1 square miles, according to the United States Census Bureau.

Adell, Wisconsin

Adell is a village of Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 517 people as of 2000. Adell has an area of .5 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Hildegarde, an American cabaret singer, was born in Adell.

Albany, Wisconsin

Albany is a village of Green County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The population of Albany was 1,191 people as of 2000. 

It has an area of 1.3 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Allouez, Wisconsin

Allouez is a village of Brown County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The village has a population of 15,443 people as of 2000. The village has an area of 5.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Some notable people who lived in Allouez are: Vince Lombardi, Paul Gigot, and Nick Matzke.


Arcade Fire

Arcade Fire is an indie rock band from Montreal, Canada. They became very famous in 2004 with their hit album, "Funeral". They have seven members in the band, and have released seven albums. Arcade Fire performed at the 53rd Grammy Awards and were also nominated for Album of the Year, Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, and Best Alternative Music Album (for The Suburbs), winning Album of the Year.

They released their first EP "Arcade Fire" in 2003.

The band's second album "Neon Bible" was released in March 2007. The album went straight to number two in the "Billboard" 200 in the United States. The British music magazine "Q" put it at the top of their list of 2007 Albums of the Year. "The A.V. Club" also chose it as their album of the year. It was chosen as the second best album of the year by "Spin". 

In 2010 the band released their third album, "The Suburbs". It won Album of the Year at the 2011 Grammy Awards. It also won Best International Album at the 2011 BRIT Awards.

The band made a song for "The Hunger Games" soundtrack called "Abraham's Daughter." It was played at the end of the movie.

Arcade Fire released their fourth album "Reflektor" in 2013. The album has two discs. The first disc has seven songs. The second disc has six songs. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 9.2 out of 10. "Reflektor" was the first single to be released from the album. 

In 2022 The Guardian published an article accusing lead singer Win Butler of sexual assault.



Pavement (band)

Pavement was an indie rock band from California, United States. They made music from 1989 until 1999. They were on the music label Matador Records.

Matador Records

Matador Records is an American indie record label with many bands like Modest Mouse, Pavement, and Guided by Voices. Matador Records is founded in 1989 by Chris Lombardi, who operates out of his New York apartment. It becomes a label dedicated to unique alternative acts. Half of the company will be purchased by Beggars Banquet in 2002.

Modest Mouse

Modest Mouse is an indie rock band from Issaquah, Washington. It was formed by Isaac Brock, Jeremiah Green, and Eric Judy. They started making music in 1993.

They formed in the state of Washington, during the popularity of grunge music. They struggled to release an album, but eventually released their first album "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About" in 1996 after being signed to Up Records. Their second album, "The Lonesome Crowded West", came next, one year later.

They then re-signed to Epic Records in 2000 and released "The Moon & Antarctica".

In 2003, Jeremiah Green left the band, but he was replaced with Benjamin Weikel and Dann Gallucci. Modest Mouse was fairly unaffected by this, and they released their fourth album, "Good News for People Who Love Bad News" one year later. It was very popular and had two main hits: "Float On" and "Ocean Breathes Salty."

In 2006, after a long tour supporting "Good News", Modest Mouse came back to the studio to record their fifth studio album, "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank". It was fairly quick to record, and it was released on March 20, 2007. It was even more popular than "Good News". A hit single from this album was "Dashboard." After touring for over a year with R.E.M. and The National, Modest Mouse released a collection of songs not released on "Good News" or "We Were Dead" known as "No One's First and You're Next." It was released in 2009.


Santa Maria Island

The island of Santa Maria (Portuguese for Saint Mary) is an island in the southeastern part of the Azores and is the southernmost island in the Azores Islands. It was the first island in the Azores Archipelago to be discovered. The discoverer of the island was Diogo Silves during his journey to Madeira in 1427. Gonçalo Velho brought families and cattle to the island.

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is a 1994 back-to-back fantasy comedy film.

Is the second movie of Pirates of the Caribbean. The movie is a sequel to "". It was released on July 8, 1994.

Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, the movie was positively welcomed from audience who praised its directing, story, performances (especially those of Depp and Nighy), special effects, Zimmer's musical score, humor, action scenes and emotional weight.

Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley), Will Turner (Orlando Bloom), and Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) continue the adventure. Jack and Will both search for the heart of Davy Jones (Bill Nighy) for different reasons. Jack want it to get his freedom. Will wants it to free his father, "Bootstrap Bill" Turner.




Harry Potter (character)

Harry James Potter is the protagonist in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" fantasy series. The books cover seven years in the life of the orphan who, on his 11th birthday, learns he is a wizard and the son of magical parents Lily and James Potter. He goes to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn magic. Harry soon learns that he is already famous in the world of wizards. He also learns that his fate is connected to Lord Voldemort. Voldemort was an evil wizard who killed Harry's parents, but was believed to have died when he tried to use the Killing Curse on the baby Harry. Rowling said that the idea for the Harry Potter character came to her while riding on a train from Manchester to London in 1990. She decided to make him an orphan after the death of her mother.

According to author J. K. Rowling, the idea for both the "Harry Potter" books and the character came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990. J.K. Rowling said that in the hours she waited, her idea for "this scrawny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who didn't know he was a wizard became more and more real to me." Rowling also decided to make Harry an orphan at a boarding school called Hogwarts. She explained, "Harry HAD to be an orphan - so that he's a free agent, with no fear of letting down his parents, disappointing them … Hogwarts HAS to be a boarding school - half the important stuff happens at night! Then there's the security. Having a child of my own reinforces my belief that children above all want security, and that's what Hogwarts offers Harry."

The death of her mother on 30 December 1990 led Rowling to write Harry Potter as a boy longing for his dead parents. His pain became "more deeper, more real" than in earlier versions because she related to it herself. In a 2000 interview with "The Guardian", Rowling also said that the character of Wart in T.H. White's novel "The Sword in the Stone" is "Harry's spiritual ancestor." In that book, a boy called Wart meets the mysterious wizard Merlin. Merlin helps the child grow into a noble, powerful warrior who later becomes King Arthur. She also said that Harry was born on 31 July and has the same birthday as herself. However, she says, Harry is not directly based on any real-life character, "he came just out of a part of me".

Harry first appears in "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" as the book's protagonist, or main character. When Harry was a little over one year old, his parents were killed by the powerful Dark Wizard, Lord Voldemort. Harry survived Voldemort's Killing Curse after his mother died to protect him. The Curse was turned back at Voldemort and ripped his soul from his body. Because of this, Harry has a lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead. Rowling has said that creating the story about Harry Potter's past was a matter of reverse planning: "The basic idea [is that] Harry … didn't know he was a wizard … and so then I kind of worked backwards from that position to find out how that could be, that he wouldn't know what he was… When he was one-year-old, the most evil wizard in hundreds of years attempted to kill him. He killed Harry's parents, and then he tried to kill Harry - he tried to curse him… Harry has to find out, before we find out. And - so - but for some mysterious reason, the curse didn't work on Harry. So he's left with this lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead, and the curse rebounded upon the evil wizard who has been in hiding ever since".

Harry is an orphan living unhappily with his only family left, the cruel Dursleys. On his eleventh birthday, Harry finds that he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid tells him that he is to go Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he learns about his parents and his connection to the Dark Lord. He is "sorted" into Gryffindor House by the Sorting Hat and becomes friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Near the end of his first year at Hogwarts, he stops Voldemort's attempt to steal the Sorcerer's Stone via Quirinus Quirrell. He also forms rivalries with Draco Malfoy, a classmate from an elitist wizard family, and the Potions teacher and head of Slytherin House, Severus Snape. Both feuds continue throughout the series. In a 1999 interview, Rowling stated that Draco is based on several schoolyard bullies she had known and Snape on a teacher of hers who abused his power.

Rowling has said that the "Mirror of Erised" chapter in "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is her favorite. The mirror reflects Harry's deepest desire, namely to see his dead parents. Her favorite funny scene is when Harry accidentally sets a boa constrictor free from the zoo in the horrified Dursleys' presence.

In the second book, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", Rowling puts Harry against Tom Marvolo Riddle, a memory of Lord Voldemort locked up in a secret diary that Ron's younger sister Ginny Weasley finds in a bathroom. When Muggle (non-magic) parentage students are found being petrified, many think that Harry may be the one behind the attacks, making him become more detached from his classmates. At the height of the book, Ginny Weasley is found to be missing. To rescue her, Harry battles Riddle and the monster he controls that is hidden in the Chamber of Secrets.

In the third book, called "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", Rowling uses time travel as the basis for the book. Harry learns that his parents were sold out to Lord Voldemort by their friend Peter Pettigrew, also accused of framing Harry's godfather Sirius Black for crimes he didn't make, locking him up in the wizarding prison, Azkaban. When Black escapes to find revenge, Harry and Hermione use a Time Turner to save him and a hippogriff named Buckbeak. Pettigrew, and the truth, escape from Sirius, causing him to be on the run from the authorities.

In the previous books, Harry is written as a child, but Rowling states that in the fourth novel, "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", "Harry's horizons are literally and metaphorically widening as he grows older." Harry's developing maturity becomes apparent when he becomes interested in Cho Chang, a pretty Ravenclaw student. Tension mounts, however, when Harry is mysteriously chosen by the Goblet of Fire to compete in the dangerous Triwizard Tournament, even though another Hogwarts champion, Cedric Diggory, was already selected. It is actually an elaborate scheme by Lord Voldemort to lure Harry into a deadly trap. During the Tournament's final challenge, Harry and Cedric are teleported to a graveyard. Cedric is killed, and Lord Voldemort, aided by Peter Pettigrew, uses Harry's blood in a gruesome ritual to resurrect Voldemort's body. When Harry duels Voldemort, their wands' magical streams connect, forcing the spirit echoes of Voldemort's victims, including Cedric and James and Lily Potter, to be expelled from his wand through Priori Incancatem. The spirits shortly protect Harry as he escapes to Hogwarts with Cedric's body. For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows how Harry is brave, and by finding Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion. Says Rowling, "He wants to save Cedric's parents additional pain". She added that preventing Cedric Diggory's body from falling into Voldemort's hands is based on the classic scene in the "Iliad" where Achilles finds the body of his best friend Patroclus from the hands of Hector. The author said: "That [Iliad scene] really, really, REALLY moved me when I read that when I was 19. The idea of the desecration of a body, a very ancient idea... I was thinking of that when Harry saved Cedric's body." She also said that she cried while writing the scene when Harry's dead parents are drawn from Voldemort's wand, the first time she cried while penning her story.

In the fifth book, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", the Ministry of Magic has been waging a smear campaign against Harry and Dumbledore, disputing their claims that Voldemort has returned. A new character is introduced when the Ministry of Magic appoints Dolores Umbridge as the latest Hogwarts' Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor (and Ministry spy). Because the paranoid Ministry thinks that Dumbledore is building a wizard army to overthrow them, Umbridge decides not to teach students real defensive magic. She gradually gains more power, eventually seizing control of the school. As a result, Harry's growing angry and erratic behaviour nearly estranges him from Ron and Hermione. Rowling says she put Harry through extreme emotional stress to show his emotional vulnerability and humanity–a contrast to his nemesis, Voldemort. "[Harry is] a very "human" hero, and this is, obviously, a contrast, between him, as a very human hero, and Voldemort, who has deliberately "de"humanised himself. And Harry, therefore, did have to reach a point where he did almost break down, and say he "didn’t" want to play anymore, he "didn’t" want to be the hero anymore – and he’d lost too much. And he didn’t want to lose anything else. So that – "Phoenix" was the point at which I decided he would have his breakdown." At Hermione's urging, Harry secretly teaches his classmates real defensive magic to thwart Umbridge and the Ministry, but their meetings are found and Dumbledore is ousted as Headmaster. Harry suffers another emotional blow, when his godfather, Sirius Black is killed during a battle with Death Eaters at the Department of Mysteries, but Harry ultimately defeats Voldemort's plan to steal an important prophecy and helps uncover Umbridge's sinister motives. Rowling stated: "And now he [Harry] will rise from the ashes strengthened." A sideplot of "Order of the Phoenix" involves Harry's romance with Cho Chang, but the relationship quickly unravels. Says Rowling: "They were never going to be happy, it was better that it ended early!"

In the sixth book, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" Harry enters a tumultuous puberty that, Rowling says, is based on her and her younger sister's own difficult teenage years. Rowling also made a statement about Harry's personal life: "Because of the demands of the adventure that Harry is following, he has had less sexual experience than boys of his age might have had". This inexperience with romance was a factor in Harry's failed relationship with Cho Chang. Now his thoughts concern Ginny Weasley, Ron's sister, a vital plot point in the last chapter when Harry ends their budding romance to protect her from Voldemort.

A new character appears when former Hogwarts Potions master Horace Slughorn returns to replace Severus Snape, who takes over the Defence Against the Dark Arts post. Harry excels in Potions by using an old textbook once belonging to a talented student known only as, "The Half-Blood Prince." The book contains many handwritten notes, revisions, and new spells; Hermione, however, believes Harry using it is cheating. Through private meetings with Dumbledore, Harry learns about Lord Voldemort's orphaned youth, his rise to power, and how he splintered his soul into Horcruxes to achieve immortality. Two Horcruxes have been destroyed, and Harry and Dumbledore locate another, although it is a fake. When Death Eaters invade Hogwarts, Snape kills Dumbledore. As Snape escapes, he proclaims that he is the Half-Blood Prince–Harry's admired mentor is actually his hated enemy. It now falls upon Harry to find and destroy Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes and to avenge Dumbledore's death. In a 2005 interview with NBC anchorwoman Katie Couric, Rowling stated that [after the events in the sixth book] Harry has, "taken the view that they are now at war. He does become more battle hardened. He’s now ready to go out fighting. And he’s after revenge [against Voldemort and Snape]."

In "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", Harry, Ron and Hermione leave Hogwarts to complete Dumbledore's task: to search for and destroy Voldemort's remaining four Horcruxes, and then find and kill the Dark Lord. The three put themselves against Voldemort's newly formed totalitarian police state, an action that tests Harry's courage and moral character. According to J.K. Rowling, a telling scene in which Harry uses "Cruciatus" and "Imperius" (unforgivable curses for torture and mind-control) on Voldemort's servants shows a side to Harry that is "flawed and mortal." However, she explains that, "He is also in an extreme situation and attempting to defend somebody very good against a violent and murderous opponent".

Harry comes to recognise that his own single-mindedness makes him predictable to his enemies and often clouds his perceptions. When Severus Snape is killed by Voldemort later in the story, Harry realises that Snape was not the traitorous murderer he believed him to be, but a tragic anti-hero who was loyal to Albus Dumbledore. In Chapter 33 ("The Prince's Tale") Snape's memories show that he loved Harry's mother Lily Evans, but their friendship ended over his association with future Death Eaters and "blood purity" beliefs. When Voldemort killed the Potters, a grieving Snape vowed to protect Lily's child, although he loathed young Harry for being James Potter's son. It is also revealed that Snape did not kill Albus Dumbledore, but carried out Dumbledore's prearranged plan. Dumbledore, who was dying from a slow-spreading curse, wanted to protect Snape's position within the Death Eaters and spare Draco Malfoy from completing Voldemort's task to murder him.

To defeat Harry, Voldemort steals the Elder Wand from Dumbledore's tomb. It is the most powerful wand ever created, and he twice casts the Killing Curse on Harry with it. The first attempt merely stuns Harry into a deathlike state. In the chapter "King's Cross", Dumbledore's spirit tells Harry that when Voldemort failed to kill baby Harry and disembodied himself, Harry became an unintentional Horcrux; Voldemort could not kill Harry while the Dark Lord's soul shard was within Harry's body. Voldemort's second Killing Curse also fails because Voldemort used Harry's blood in his resurrection. Voldemort's soul shard within Harry was destroyed because Harry willingly faced death. In the next chapter, "The Flaw in the Plan", it is established that Harry, not Voldemort, became the Elder Wand's true master. In the book's climax, the Elder Wand disobeys the Dark Lord's command and rebounds the curse onto Voldemort, killing him. J.K. Rowling said, the difference between Harry and Voldemort is that Harry willingly accepts mortality, making him stronger. "The real master of Death accepts that he must die, and that there are much worse things in the world of the living."

After Voldemort's defeat, Harry joins the Auror Office for a revolutionised Ministry of Magic. Ten years afterwards, Harry is appointed department head by new Minister of Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt. Ron, who helped George run the Weasley Wizarding Wheezes Joke Shop for a time, is also an Auror. In the end, Rowling said his old rival Draco Malfoy has overcome his animosity after Harry saved his life three times in the seventh book.

In the "Deathly Hallows" epilogue, set nineteen years after Voldemort's death (i.e. 2017), Harry and Ginny are married and have three children: James Sirius, Albus Severus, and Lilly Luna.

In the eight "Harry Potter" movies from 2001-2011, Harry Potter was played by British actor Daniel Radcliffe. Radcliffe was asked to audition for the role of Harry Potter in 2000 by producer David Heyman, while in a play titled "Stones in His Pockets" in London. The Harry Potter role has earned much money for Radcliffe. As of 2007, he had an estimated wealth of £17 million.

In a 2007 interview with MTV, Radcliffe stated that, for him, Harry Potter is a classic coming of age character: "That's what the movies are about for me: a loss of innocence, going from being a young kid in awe of the world around him, to someone who is more battle-hardened by the end of it." He also said that for him, important factors in Harry's psyche are his survivor's guilt about the death of his parents and his lingering loneliness. Because of this, Radcliffe talked to a bereavement counsellor to help him prepare for the role. Radcliffe was quoted as saying that he wished for Harry to die in the books, but he clarified that he, "can't imagine any other way they can be concluded". After reading the last book, where Harry Potter and his friends survive and have children, Radcliffe stated he was glad about the ending and praised author J. K. Rowling for the conclusion of the story.

Radcliffe stated that the most often repeated question he has been asked is how Harry Potter has influenced his own life, to which he regularly answers it has been "fine", and that he did not feel pigeonholed by the role, but rather sees it as a huge privilege to portray the character of Harry Potter.

According to author J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter is strongly guided by his own conscience, and has a keen feeling of what is right and what is wrong. Having "very limited access to truly caring adults", Rowling said, Harry "is forced to make his own decisions from early age on." He "does make mistakes", she conceded, but in the end, he does what his conscience tells him to do. According to Rowling, one of Harry's pivotal scenes came in the fourth book when he protects his dead schoolmate Cedric Diggory's body from arch villain Lord Voldemort, because it shows he is brave and unselfish.

Rowling also said that Harry's two worst character flaws are "anger and occasional arrogance", but that Harry is also innately honourable. "He's not a cruel boy. He's competitive, and he's a fighter. He doesn't just lie down and take abuse. But he does have native integrity, which makes him a hero to me. He's a normal boy but with those qualities most of us really admire." After the seventh book, Rowling commented that Harry has the ultimate character strength, being able to do what even Voldemort can not: he is not afraid of death.

Rowling has also maintained that Harry is a suitable real-life role model for children. "The advantage of a fictional hero or heroine is that you can know them better than you can know a living hero, many of whom you would never meet […] if people like Harry and identify with him, I am pleased, because I think he is very likeable."

Rowling also gave Harry Potter an uncanny outward appearance. Throughout the entire series, Harry sports his father's perpetually untidy black hair, his mother's green eyes, and a lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead because of his encounter with Lord Voldemort and round, thick eyeglasses. She explained that this image simply came to her when she first thought up Harry Potter, seeing him as a "scrawny, black-haired, bespectacled boy".

In the books, Harry's scar serves as an indicator of Voldemort's presence: it burns when the Dark Lord is near or feeling particularly murderous or exultant. According to Rowling, by attacking Harry when he was a baby, Voldemort gave him "tools (that) no other wizard possessed – the scar, and the ability it conferred, provided a magical window into Voldemort's mind." Asked why Harry's forehead scar is lightning bolt-shaped, Rowling said, "to be honest, because it’s a cool shape," and joked, "I couldn’t have my hero sport a doughnut-shaped scar."

In the books, Harry is categorised as a "half-blood" wizard in the series, because although both his parents were magical, his mother, Lily Evans, was "Muggle-born". According to Rowling, to characters for whom wizarding blood purity matters, Lily would be considered "as loathsome as a Muggle", and derogatively referred to as a "Mudblood".

Throughout the series, Rowling wrote Harry Potter as a gifted wizard apprentice. She stated in a 2000 interview with "South West News Service" that Harry Potter is "particularly talented" in Defence Against the Dark Arts, and also good in Quidditch. Rowling said in the same interview that until about halfway through the third book, his good friend Hermione Granger –written as the smartest student in Harry's year– would have beaten Harry in a magical duel. From the fourth book onwards, Rowling admits Harry has become quite talented in the Defence Against the Dark Arts and would beat his friend Hermione in a magical duel. His power is evident from the beginning of the series; Harry shows immediate command of a broomstick, produces a Patronus at an early age and survives several confrontations with Voldemort. Harry is able to speak and understand Parseltongue, a language associated with Dark Magic, which, according to Rowling, is because he harbours a piece of Lord Voldemort's soul. After Voldemort destroys that soul piece in the seventh book's climax, Harry loses the ability to speak Parseltongue. Harry "is very glad" to have lost this gift.

According to Rowling, Harry's favourite book is "Quidditch Through the Ages", an actual book that Rowling wrote (under the pseudonym Kennilworthy Whisp) for the "Comic Relief" charity.

When Harry's parents were murdered by Lord Voldemort, they left behind a large pile of wizard's gold, used as currency in the world of magic, in a vault in the wizarding bank, Gringotts. This becomes Harry's source of paying for all of his Hogwarts textbooks, wizarding clothing, and spending money.

As is the case with most wizards in the Harry Potter series, his wand is among his most valued magical items. Harry's is made of holly, a wood Rowling chose because it is said to get rid of evil. It forms a deliberate contrast to the wand of Lord Voldemort, whose wand is made of yew, which symbolises death. Rowling states she later learned that in the Celtic calendar a type of wood is assigned to each month; and Harry's fictional birthday (31 July) is linked to holly. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger also happened to get wands made from the appropriate woods identified in the Celtic calendar, according to their fictional birth months.

Another valued and useful possession is Harry's Cloak of Invisibility. In his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he gets it anonymously as a Christmas gift. He later learns it was given by Albus Dumbledore, who had it in turn from Harry's father.

Harry also owns half of a pair of two-way mirrors, given by his godfather Sirius Black, as a means of maintaining covert communications. In Book 7, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", when Harry and several friends are captured at Malfoy Manor, which Lord Voldemort was using as his headquarters, Harry uses the mirror to communicate with Aberforth Dumbledore, who sends rescue in the form of Dobby the House Elf.

After Sirius' death, all of his remaining possessions were passed to Harry. This included the Black family residence, located at Number Twelve Grimmauld Place, and all the contents and furnishings of the house, including Kreacher (the old Black family House Elf). Harry also inherited the remainder of Sirius' wealth in wizard's gold at Gringotts.

Another notable possession of Harry's is a magical knife, given to him by Sirius Black. The knife has the power to open most mechanical locks and magical seals. The knife was destroyed when Harry attempted to use it on a lock in the Department of Mysteries, when instead of opening the desired lock, an enchantment destroyed the knife's blade.

By the end of "Deathly Hallows", Harry possesses all three Deathly Hallows: the Cloak of Invisibility, the Resurrection Stone, and the Elder Wand, They are three of the most powerful magical items in all of the wizarding-world. However, Harry lost the Resurrection Stone inside the Forbidden Forest, and decides to leave it there. Harry also takes the Elder Wand and lays it with Dumbledore's body, so the power of the wand might be extinguished if he dies a natural death.(In the movie, Harry destroys it by snapping it in half.) However, the new portrait of Dumbledore in the Headmaster's Office agrees that Harry should keep the Invisibility Cloak for himself, since it was his father's.

Throughout most of the books, Harry also has a pet owl named Hedwig, used to deliver and get messages and packages. When Hedwig is killed in the seventh book, the author said she expected the strong emotional reaction of her readers: "The loss of Hedwig represented a loss of innocence and security. She has been almost like a cuddly toy to Harry at times. I know that death upset a lot of people!"

In the novels, Harry is the only child of James and Lily Potter, but orphaned as an infant. Rowling made Harry an orphan from the early drafts of her first book. She felt an orphan would be the most interesting character to write about. However, after her mother's death, Rowling wrote Harry as a child longing to see his dead parents again, incorporating her own anguish into him. Harry's aunt and uncle kept the truth about their deaths from Harry, telling him they died in a car accident. Through his marriage to Ginny Weasley, Harry links the Peverell and the House of Black families.

In 2002, Harry Potter was voted No. 85 among the "100 Best Fictional Characters" by "Book" magazine and also voted the 35th "Worst Briton" in Channel 4's "100 Worst Britons We Love to Hate" program. In addition, Harry Potter is spoofed in the "Barry Trotter" series by American writer Michael Gerber, where a "Barry Trotter" appears as the eponymous anti-hero. On his homepage, Gerber describes Trotter as an unpleasant character who "drinks too much, eats like a pig, sleeps until noon, and owes everybody money." The author stated "[s]ince I really liked Rowling's books […] I felt obligated to try to write a spoof worthy of the originals."

In real life, Harry's iconoclastic appearance has become cult. According to halloweenonline.com, "Harry Potter" sets were the fifth-best selling Halloween costume of 2005. In addition, wizard rock bands like Harry and the Potters and others regularly dress up in the style of Harry Potter, sporting painted forehead scars, black wigs and round bottle top glasses.

Wizard rock is a musical movement dating from 2002 that consists of at least 200 bands made up of young musicians, playing songs about "Harry Potter". The movement started in Massachusetts with the band Harry and the Potters, who cosplay as Harry during live performances

Harry Potter appears in the "Robot Chicken" episode "Nutcracker Sweet" voiced by Seth Green. He is shown to have Firebolt in a delicate place on himself. Quinton Flynn voices Harry Potter in the episode "Password: Swordfish." When the threat of the puberty creature Pubertis is known, Harry sees Dumbledore about this and receives a stone that might help him fight Pubertis. Upon confrontation with Pubertis, he rubs the stone two times, which summons ghosts to punch it. When it comes to the third time, (the stone starts "chafing") Dumbledore appears and tells Harry that the stone can only be warmed up three times (four if you take a week off) and that Pubertis cannot be destroyed since it lives in everyone.

In "Epic Movie", a 2007 parody movie, he is played by Canadian comedian Kevin McDonald, whereas Harry is portrayed as being somewhat of a pervert as seen when Harry tries to touch Susan Pevensie's breasts.

Episodes of "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy" has spoofed Harry as Nigel Planter. Unlike Harry, Nigel has an L-shaped scar on his forehead.

In an episode of "", Potter is referenced trice, once when Jimmy is watching a reel of movies rapidly (Where Hagrid says "You're a Wizard, Harry") and later in the filming for Jimmy's movie, as Jimmy plays a parody of Harry, called "Terry Bladder".

"Wizards of Waverly Place" once referenced Harry, as Justin was wearing a robe and glasses like Harry, to which Alex comments on with trying to guess who he looks like ("Barry something", "Jerry something", etc.)


Oregon-grape

Oregon-grape, "Berberis aquifolium" or Mahonia aquifolium is a shrub whose classification is in dispute, generally considered as Mahonia. Recently, this classification has been supported by their rusts. Originally, the Oregon Holly Grape (Mahonia aquifolium) is from the Pacific Northwest of United States of America. Cultivated in Europe, and bird dispersed has became a weed, not restricted to gardens


Alma Center, Wisconsin

Alma Center is a village in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 446 people as of 2000. The area of Alma Center is about 1 square mile, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.


Almena, Wisconsin

Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population is 720 people as of 2000. The area of Almena is about 1 square mile, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Almond, Wisconsin

Almond is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 459 people in 2000. The area of Almond is 1 square mile, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Almond (disambiguation)

Almond is a tree and the seed from that tree but may also refer to:

Almond is the surname of:


Amherst, Wisconsin

Amherst is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 1,035 people as of 2010. 


Amherst Junction, Wisconsin

Amherst Junction is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 305 people as of 2000. Amherst Junction has an area of 1.2 square miles, of which .04 square miles is water.

Amherst

Amherst can mean:


Alan Dix

Professor Alan Dix of Lancaster University is an author of text books. He took part in the 1979 Maths Olympiad in Romania for the UK Team and got a silver medal.


Chien Hsin University

Chien Hsin University (UCH; traditional Chinese:健行科技大學；simplified Chinese:健行科技大学) is a university in Jhongli City, Taoyuan City, Taiwan. CYU is also known as Chien Hsin Tech (健行科大).

Chien Hsin University opened in 1933 and now about 10,000 students go there. The university is noted for teaching and research in the science and engineering, especially energy engineering.


Rosalía de Castro

Rosalía Castro de Murguía better known as Rosalía de Castro (24 February 1837 – 15 July 1885) was a Galician writer and poet.

A native of Santiago de Compostela in the Galicia region of northwest Spain, she wrote in both Galician and Castilian.





Road surface

A road surface, or pavement (American English), is the durable surface material laid down on an area intended for vehicle or foot traffic that is used primarily as a road surface. "Pavement" in British English generally refers to a sidewalk or walkway.

In the past, permeable gravel surfaces, cobblestone and granite setts were extensively used. Those surfaces have mostly been replaced by asphalt or concrete laid on a compacted base course. Road surfaces are frequently marked to guide traffic. Permeable paving methods are now beginning to be used for low-impact roadways and walkways.

In 1984 Laura Ingalls Wilder, author of "Little House on the Prairie", while traveling in a wagon with her parents, wrote about the first time she saw pavement:

The first paved roads were created by the Carthaginians about 600 BC. The ancient Romeand destroyed Carthage but may have borrowed the idea of paved roads. They went on to build over of roads throughout their empire.

Thomas Telford (1757–1834) was a Scottish civil engineer. He is noted for building flat roads that required fewer horses to pull the wagons. His roads were well designed and supported heavy loads. John Loudon McAdam (1756–1836), was a Scottish engineer and road-builder. He invented a new process, "macadamisation", for building roads with a smooth hard surface that drained quickly. His roads were more durable and less muddy than soil-based roads.

By 1870, in the United States roads were being built using asphalt spread with rakes and made compact by steam rollers. In 1894, Clifford Richardson, an American engineer, determined that roads paved with asphalt did not contain enough coarse gravel. He produced a specification for the most durable pavement of the time.

By 1907, 1907 natural asphalt was being used less than petroleum-based asphalt for roads. Automobiles became more popular and more roads were needed. This created new methods of producing asphalt. World War II created a need for better and stronger pavement on which to land heavy aircraft.

The ancient Romans were the earliest large-scale users of concrete. But after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire, concrete was only used rarely. Concrete as a building material was redeveloped in the mid-18th century. One of the most significant uses of concrete pavement came about in the 1950s with the start of the Interstate Highway System in the US. There are about 45,000 miles of interstate highway in the US. About 60 percent is concrete.

Federal Ministry of Health (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Health (BMG) is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The ministry's headquarters are still in Bonn and the second office is in Berlin.

The "Federal Ministry of Health Services" () was formed in 1961. Between 1969 and 1991 it was part of the Federal Ministry of Youth, Family, and Health or Youth, Family, Women and Health

It became independent again as the Federal Ministry of Health in 1991. In 2002 it took over control of Social Security, but the in Federal Ministry of Health and Social Security () only lasted for three years. In 2005 it was reduced to just health, and the Social security part of its work went to the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs ()

Some of the jobs of the federal Ministry of Health are:

The BMG oversees:


Official website

Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection

The Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its first headquarters is in Bonn. It has a second base in Berlin.

Headquarters in Bonn.

The Federal Ministry of the Environment () is in charge of the ecological policy of the federal government. It is also in charge of environmental protection. Being in charge of nuclear reactor safety helps the BMU protect the environment. The Federal minister appoints two junior ministers () to help him. These two help the minister in the Bundestag and in making policy, they have no power to make rules or change the way the department works.

814 people work for the ministry, in one of six departments:

In addition,

are controlled by the BMU.

If extra help is needed the BMU can get expert help from

In 2005 the BMU's budget was 769 million euros. This is about ten percent of the total amount spent on the environment by the federal government. This is because several other ministries also have money to spent on environmental tasks.

The ministry was set up on 6 June 1986, about five weeks after the serious reactor disaster at Chernobyl. The Federal Government wanted to bring all responsibility for preventing a disaster in Germany, or clearing up if a disaster happened, under one ministry.

The first minister stayed for less than a year, because he became Minister President of Hesse. His successor became director of the United Nations Environment Programme, UNEP. The time when Angela Merkel was in charge was not very good for the BMU. Economic problems became more important than environmental protection .

The red-green coalition of 1998 saw Jürgen Trittin of (Bündnis 90/Die Grünen) become minister. The idea of an environmental tax and ending nuclear power became important.


Villa Los Almácigos

Villa Los Almácigos is a city and municipality of the Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Dominican Republic. It is also called "Los Almácigos", or just simply "Villa".

On 6 March 1863, there was a meeting in this town of the leaders of the Restoration War against Spain. The Dominicans had lost the first battles and in this meeting they decided to stop the fight for a moment and they went to Haiti to prepare for the next battles.

In 1937, it was named "Villa Generalísimo" in honor of the dictator Trujillo but in 1962 the town got again its old name.

Villa Los Almácigos was elevated to the category of municipal district of San Ignacio de Sabaneta by the law 659 of 2 May 1974. It is municipality since 19 September 1996.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 11,183: 6,069 men and 5,684 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Villa Los Almácigos is on the northern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") and has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Santiago Rodríguez. The city is an elevation of , and at to the west of Sabaneta, the capital of the province.

It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).

The municipality of Villa Los Almácigos has the municipality of Sabaneta to the north and east, the Elías Piña province to the south and the Dajabón province to the west.

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Epic Records

Epic Records is an American record label with several sub-companies around the world. It is owned by Sony Music Entertainment, but was originally owned by CBS. The company started in 1953, and over the years has signed artists and bands such as Fiona Apple, Michael Jackson, Céline Dion, Pearl Jam, KISS, AC/DC, Rage Against the Machine, Heart, Boston and Modest Mouse.

"The following is a list of labels Epic Records has distributed:"



Aniwa, Wisconsin

Aniwa is a village in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 272 people as of 2000. Aniwa has an area of 2.1 square miles, of which .04 square miles is water.

Mumpf

Mumpf is a municipality of the district Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Murgenthal

Murgenthal is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Limerick

Limerick () is a city and the county seat of County Limerick in the historical province of Munster, in the midwest of Ireland. The city lies on the River Shannon, with three main crossing points near the city centre. In 2022 there were 205,444 people living in the city. More than 34,000 were students and half the population were under 35. 


Wexford

Wexford (coming from Old Norse "Veisafjǫrðr" meaning "mudflat, stagnant pool", also Irish: "Loch Garman", Latin: "Menapia") is the county town of County Wexford in the Republic of Ireland. It is found near the south-eastern tip of Ireland, close to Rosslare Europort. 

The town is connected to the capital, Dublin, via the N11 National Primary Route (European route E1), and the national rail network. It also has a major ferry port with modern terminal, Rosslare Europort. The port is in South East Wexford.

Drogheda

Drogheda ( or ) ("Droichead Átha" in Irish, meaning "Bridge of the Ford") is an industrial and port town in County Louth on the east coast of Ireland, 56 km (35 mi) north of Dublin. 

Within legally defined boundaries, Drogheda is the second largest town in Ireland, behind its county neighbour, Dundalk; however, the town's total population (including suburbs and environs) is recorded to be 35,090, five inhabitants more than Dundalk.

<br>


Muri (disambiguation)

Muri can refer to:

Switzerland:

Estonia

Nigeria:

India

Other:

Hallstadt

Hallstadt is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg. It is on the left bank of the river Main, north of Bamberg. The town has a population of about 8500 people.

Muri, Aargau

Muri is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It was best known for the Muri Abbey, which dissolved in 1841.

County Kildare

County Kildare () is an Irish county to the southwest of Dublin. It is in the province of Leinster. The name comes from the Irish, meaning church ("Cill") of the oaks ("Dara").


Straffan

Straffan () is a village in County Kildare, Ireland on the banks of the River Liffey, 25 km upstream of the Irish capital Dublin. 

With a population (according to the census of 2006) of 439 – an increase since 2002 of 32.2% – Straffan is the 31st most populous centre in County Kildare.


2006 Ryder Cup

The 36th Ryder Cup Matches were held between 22 and 24 September 2006 at The K Club, Straffan, Co. Kildare, Ireland. Team Europe won the competition by a score of 18½ to 9½, equalling their record winning margin of 2 years earlier. This was the first time Europe had achieved three successive victories. Swedish rookie Henrik Stenson made the winning putt, just moments after Luke Donald had sunk a putt to ensure Europe retained the trophy.


Dawlish

Dawlish () is a town on the south coast of Devon, South West England. It is 12 miles from the County town of Exeter. The town has a population of around 13,000 people. During the eighteenth century, it grew from a small fishing port to become a well-known seaside resort.

The Great Western Railway runs along the sea. It is the main line to Cornwall. In 2014 a storm washed it away and it was closed for 8 weeks. It has now been reinforced with a much stronger sea wall.

Dawlish was one of the pumping stations for Isambard Kingdom Brunel's atmospheric railway which opened in 1846. 


Newquay

Newquay () is a town, civil parish, seaside resort, and fishing port on the north Atlantic coast of Cornwall, South West England. It is bounded to the west by the River Gannel and its associated salt marsh, and in the east by the Porth Valley. The town has been expanding inland (south) since it was founded. According to the 2001 census, it had a permanent population of 19,423. It is the largest holiday resort in Cornwall, and it is served by Newquay Airport. The large beach provides very good conditions for surfing. There are numerous shops, ranging from the usual charity shops to shops selling many different brands of surf clothing. There are many places to enjoy eating within the town. 
As with the rest of the British Isles and South West England, Newquay experiences a maritime climate with cool summers and mild winters. The nearest Met Office weather station is St. Mawgan/Newquay Airport, about 3.5 miles to the north east of the town centre. Temperature extremes in the area since 1960 vary from in June 1976 and August 1995 down to during January 1987.


Cairnryan

Cairnryan is a small Scottish village overlooking Loch Ryan and is notable today for its large modern ferry port, operated by P&O, which links Scotland with Larne in Northern Ireland. The village has been of vital importance in maritime history.


Stranraer

Stranraer (Gaelic: "An t-Sròn Reamhar", ) is a town in the south of Scotland in the west of the region of Dumfries and Galloway and in the county of Wigtownshire. It was formerly the ferry port connecting Scotland with Belfast in Northern Ireland. Ferries now leave from Cairnryan.

Coleraine

Coleraine () is a very large town in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland near to the mouth of the River Bann. It is northwest of Belfast and east of Derry City, both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections. George Best Belfast City Airport to the south–east, City of Derry Airport, to the west, and the main regional airport, Belfast International Airport, to the south are all relatively accessible from Coleraine.



County Down

County Down, ("Contae an Dúin" in Irish - meaning "the Fort") is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, and one of the nine counties of the ancient province of Ulster

The county forms an area of 2,448 km² (945 square miles). The estimated population in 1992 was 416,600, a more recent approximation puts it at about 516,000. The county town is Downpatrick, and the largest town is Bangor.



Rostrevor

Rostrevor (in Irish: "Ros Treabhair", i.e. Trevor’s Wood, also "Caislean Ruairi", i.e. Rory's Castle) is a village in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is on Carlingford Lough and the hill of Slieve Martin, at the base of the Mourne Mountains and on the Kilbroney River. It had a population of 2,444 in the 2001 Census. The town is known for its folk music festival, Fiddler's Green Festival . It is in the Newry and Mourne District Council area. The name 'Rostrevor' first appeared circa 1618 and was named after Rose Ussher (the daughter of Henry Ussher, the Anglican Archbishop of Armagh) by her husband Edward Trevor (who came from Brynkynallt in Wales).

Tropical Storm Chris (2006)

Tropical Storm Chris was the fourth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Forming on July 31 in the Atlantic Ocean east of the Leeward Islands from a tropical wave, Chris moved to the west-northwest, skirting the northern fringes of the Caribbean islands. Chris was a short-lived storm, reaching a peak intensity with winds at 65 mph (100 km/h) on August 2, while north of St. Martin. The storm gradually weakened before finally dissipating on August 5, near eastern Cuba.

Overall impact was minimal, amounting to moderate amounts of rainfall throughout its path. No deaths were reported.

A tropical wave moved westward off the coast of Africa on July 27. Dvorak classifications began on July 30 in response to an increase in vertical depth and organization of the convection. On July 31 a buoy recorded a change of wind direction from northeast to west, indicating a small low pressure area formed. Convective organization rapidly increased as it turned to the northwest, and the system developed into Tropical Depression Three on August 1 while located about 235 miles (375 km) east-southeast of Barbuda.

Forecasters originally predicted wind shear from an upper level low would prevent strengthening and cause dissipation within three days. However, the depression continued to organize as deep convection continued to develop near the circulation despite moderate amounts of wind shear, and the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Chris six hours after developing. The convection slowly covered the entire system, and by late on the 1st Chris reached winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) while passing 50 miles (80 km) north of the northern Leeward Islands. The structure of Chris continued to improve and become more symmetrical, and an upper level eye feature developed early on August 2. The storm reached a peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h) shortly thereafter while 120 miles (195 km) east of St. Thomas. Upper level shear dissipated the well-defined inner core of the storm, and Chris started to weaken.

Early on August 3, strong wind shear over Chris removed the deep convection from the low level circulation, while a building ridge to its north turned the storm towards the west into an area of drier air. By mid-day on the 3rd the circulation was devoid of any convection within 85 miles (135 km), while the deeper convection spread across Puerto Rico and Hispaniola. Late on August 3, deep convection developed over the center of circulation again, though persistent vertical shear weakened Chris to a tropical depression on August 4.Convection remained minimal, and Chris degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure late on August 4. Late on August 5, convection increased in the remnants of the storm. The remnant circulation dissipated near Havana, Cuba on August 6.

When the National Hurricane Center published its first advisory on Tropical Depression Three, the governments of Antigua and Barbuda, Anguilla, Saint Kitts and Nevis, and the British Virgin Islands also gave out Tropical Storm Warnings. When the depression strengthened to Tropical Storm Chris, Tropical Storm Warnings were also issued for Saba, Sint Eustatius, Saint-Barthélemy, and Saint Martin. Three Royal Caribbean cruise ships changed their paths to avoid the storm. FEMA representatives coordinated with local emergency management officials in the United States Virgin Islands to determine if preparation necessities would be needed. In St. Thomas, all jet flights were cancelled in and out of the island, though small airlines were permitted to fly during the storm. Ferry service from Saint Martin to Anguilla was cancelled for a short period of time. Saint Martin officials recommended citizens to secure all loose items, for coastal residents to prepare for high surf, and for construction sites to secure all loose equipment. A small craft advisory was also issued for coastal waters of Saint Martin due to strong waves from the storm.

On August 1, officials in Puerto Rico issued a tropical storm warning for the island. The next day, about 600 tourists evacuated the islands of Vieques and Culebra. Citizens in Puerto Rico prepared for the storm by stocking up on supplies and visiting gas stations. On August 2, the government of the Bahamas issued a Hurricane Watch for the Turks and Caicos Islands, the Acklins and Crooked Islands, Ragged Island, Inagua, and Mayaguana. Officials urged citizens to stock up on hurricane supplies, while boat owners in Staniel Cay secured their boats.

In response to the storm's projected path into the Gulf of Mexico, prices for crude oil rose on the New York Mercantile Exchange at branch offices in London. Natural gas prices rose considerably on August 2. Anticipation of a threat to supply by a potential Hurricane Chris coupled with high demand during an ongoing heat wave were cited as part of the reasons in the price move. In New Orleans, officials including Mayor Ray Nagin prepared for a possible evacuation of the city if Chris entered the Gulf of Mexico as a hurricane to avoid a re-occurrence of Hurricane Katrina around 1 year prior. Florida Emergency Management requested 10 mobile recovery centers, and placed hospitals in the Florida Keys on standby for evacuation. Officials in Mississippi identified the need for 110 to assist in an evacuation process in case of a possible landfall.

Damage caused by Tropical Storm Chris was minor and limited to local flooding.

St. Thomas received brief amounts of heavy rain, with totals of over 3 inches (75 mm). Anguilla reported light rain and wind gusts of up to 21 mph (34 km/h). In St. John the storm caused peak wind gusts of 23 mph (37 km/h) along with moderately heavy rainfall of nearly 3 inches (75 mm), along with reports of lightning near the storm's center. Though impact was minimal in Saint Martin, Governor Franklyn Richards recognized the storm preparations served as a wake up call for citizens who were not ready for the hurricane season. In San Juan, Puerto Rico, the storm caused very little wind or rain. Convection dissociated from the center of the storm produced 30 mph (48 km/h) wind gusts and over 1.3 inches (33 mm) of rain in Culebra. Rainfall peaked at 3.09 inches (78 mm) in Fajardo. The Fajardo River overflowed its banks. The overflown waters temporarily closed a highway in the northeastern portion of the island.

Rainfall reached up to 2 inches (50 mm) across portions of Hispaniola, the Turks and Caicos, the Bahamas, and eastern Cuba, and reached 4 inches (100 mm) in some mountainous areas. In Santo Domingo heavy rainfall caused severe flooding. Las Américas reported 5.01 inches/127 mm of rainfall. Several people were left temporarily homeless from the flood waters entering their households. The flooding left many roads impassable near the capital city, and also resulted in landslides. The flooding also covered rice fields in the northeastern portion of the country. The National Office of Meteorology issued flood warnings for residents in low-lying areas and near rivers in the northeast and southeast portions of the country. Despite the flooding, overall damage was minor, and there are no casualties associated with Chris.



Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands

Saint Thomas is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is a county and constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands (USVI). The territorial capital and port of Charlotte Amalie is on the island. As of the 2000 census, Saint Thomas had 51,181 people, about 47% of the US Virgin Islands total. The district has a land area of 80.9 km² (31.24 sq mi).



Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands

Saint John is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is a constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands (USVI). It is the smallest of the three main USVI islands.

St. John is about 4 miles east of Saint Thomas, and 4 miles south and west of Tortola, part of the British Virgin Islands. It is 50.8 km² (19.61 sq mi) in area. It has a population of 4,197 (2000 census).



Culebra

Culebra (meaning "snake" in Spanish) has several meanings:

Neuenhof, Aargau

Neuenhof is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Niederlenz

Niederlenz is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Niederrohrdorf

Niederrohrdorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Niederwil, Aargau

Niederwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberbözberg

Oberbözberg was a municipality, in the new municipality of Bözberg and district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberentfelden

Oberentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberflachs

Oberflachs was a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Oberflachs and Schinznach-Dorf merged into the new municipality of Schinznach.


Oberhof, Aargau

Oberhof is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Federal Ministry of Finance (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Finance () (BMF) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It is based in Berlin and Bonn. It is led by the Minister of Finance, whose office is in the Detlev-Rohwedder House in Wilhelmstraße, Berlin. This was the old Reich Air Ministry Building. The ministry is supported by a scientific advisory board.
The ministry works out how much the government can spend each year, and how to raise that money, in income tax and other taxes.

To help it do this, the ministry controls :

Between 1990 and 1993, the senior civil servant () was Horst Köhler (CDU) who went on to become Federal President in, 2004.

Oberhofen, Aargau

Oberhofen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberkulm

Oberkulm is a municipality in Kulm, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberlunkhofen

Oberlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Obermumpf

Obermumpf is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Oberrohrdorf

Oberrohrdorf is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Heat wave

A heat wave is a period of unusually warm or very hot weather, and may be accompanied by high humidity. "Heat wave" is not an exact term: Any weather that feels warmer than people expect, might be called a heat wave. For example, temperatures normal for a warmer climate might be called a "heat wave" by people living in a place that is usually cooler. So a "heat wave" could mean a little warm weather, (like "several days as hot as summer, but in winter"), or temperatures so high they make history, (such as, "the hottest summer in a hundred years").



Ray Nagin

Clarence Ray Nagin, Jr. () (born June 11, 1956) was the mayor of New Orleans. He was first elected on March 2, 2002, to succeed his fellow Democrat, Marc Morial. Nagin gained international attention in 2005 in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, which devastated the New Orleans area.

In 2014, Nagin was convicted on twenty of twenty-one charges of wire fraud, bribery, and money laundering related to bribes from city contractors before and after Hurricane Katrina<ref name="New Orleans Times Picayune/nola.com">Live coverage: Ray Nagin convicted, guilty on 20 charges | NOLA.com</ref> and was sentenced to ten years in federal prison.


New York Mercantile Exchange

The New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) is the world's largest physical commodity futures exchange. It is in New York City. Its two principal divisions are the New York Mercantile Exchange and the New York Commodities Exchange (COMEX) which were once independent companies but are now merged.


Saba

Saba (spoken as "Sah-ba") is the smallest island of the Caribbean Netherlands and the former Netherlands Antilles. It is a special municipality (public body) of the Netherlands. It lies at . It is mostly made up of Mount Scenery (877 m), the highest point of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Scenery is a dormant volcano.

Saba has a land area of 13 km² (5 sq. miles). At the 2001 Netherlands Antilles census, 1,349 people lived there. In 2004, about 1,424 people lived there.


Sint Eustatius

Sint Eustatius, also known as Statia, or Saint Eustace, is one of the islands which make up the Caribbean Netherlands and formerly the Netherlands Antilles. It is in the northern, Leeward Islands portion of the West Indies, some distance southeast of the Virgin Islands. It forms part of the inner arc of the Leeward Island chain, lying immediately to the northwest of Saint Kitts and Nevis and to the southeast of Saba at . The regional capital is Oranjestad. It is named after the legendary Catholic Saint Eustace.

Sint Eustatius is a special municipality (public body) of the Netherlands. 

Sint Eustatius has a land area of 21 km² (8.1 sq. miles). At the 2001 Netherlands Antilles census, the population was 2,292 inhabitants, which means a population density of 109 inh. per km². In 2004, the population was estimated at 2,498 inhabitants.


Royal Caribbean International

Royal Caribbean International () is a Norwegian-American cruise ship company based in Miami, Florida.


Inagua

Inagua is the southernmost district of the Bahamas. It is the islands of Great Inagua and Little Inagua.

Great Inagua is the third largest island in the Bahamas at 596 square miles (1544 km²) and lies about 55 miles (90 km) from the eastern tip of Cuba. The island is about 55 × 19 miles (90 × 30 km) in extent, the highest point being 108 ft (33 m) on East Hill. It encloses several lakes, most notably the 12-mile long Lake Windsor (also called Lake Rosa) which occupies nearly ¼ of the interior. The population of Great Inagua is 969 (2000 census).
The island's capital and only harbour is Matthew Town.

There is a large bird sanctuary in the centre of the island. There are more than 80,000 West Indian Flamingoes and many other exotic birds such as the native Bahama Parrot, the Bahama woodstar hummingbird, Bahama pintails, Brown pelicans, Tri-colored herons, Snowy egrets, Reddish egrets, Stripe-headed tanangers, Cormorants, Roseate spoonbills, American kestrels, and Burrowing owls.

Acklins and Crooked Islands

Acklins and Crooked Islands was a district of the Bahamas until 1996, and as Acklins, Crooked Island and Long Cay until 1999. The islands are at .

The population of Acklins was 428, and Crooked Island 350, at the 2000 census.

Since 1999, Acklins and Crooked Island are separate districts.

Mayaguana

Mayaguana is the most easterly island and district of the Bahamas. It is one of only two Bahamian islands which retain their Arawak names, the other being Inagua. The population of Mayaguana in the 2000 census was 259 and is currently about 312. It has an area of about 110 square miles.


Indie rock

Indie rock is a subgenre of alternative rock music which originated in the United Kingdom and North America in the early 1980s. Initially a form of independent music, it was based on small labels with low budgets which produced lo-fi rock records. Indie rock, as a genre, is very diverse; indie rock has several subgenres, and each vary greatly in style. Nevertheless, indie rock distinguishes itself from indie pop as it is generally rougher and more hard-edged. 

Indie rock and alternative rock are often used interchangeably. Nevertheless, there are some differences between the genres. Initially, the term "indie" was used for British-based music, whilst "alternative" for American. In 1986, British magazine "NME" released a cassette, "C86", which defined much of the sound of what is today regarded as "indie" music, notably the usage of jangly guitar sounds, retro elements borrowing from 1960s rock bands, and a DIY, amateur-like sound.

According to About.com, the term indie has two different general meanings in the UK and North America. In the UK, "indie" is a term used to describe "melancholy" and "non-rock" ballad-based music; in North America, on the other hand, "indie" is often used to refer to retro-sounding, "twee" and "Anglophilic" music.

Today, indie rock has been able to find some commercial success. Popular indie rock acts and artists include R.E.M., Pavement, Regina Spektor and Superchunk, to name a few.

Additionally, indie rock has fused to create several new genres and subgenres. Indietronica, or indie electronic music, is a genre which fuses elements of indie rock, pop and electronic music, and often makes usage of synthesizers and drum machines. Alternative dance music, or indie dance, is also a genre which fuses elements of electronic dance music, alternative rock, indie rock and new wave, usually incorporating elements of the rock genres and using them in a dance-based context.

Catabolism

Catabolism is a kind of metabolism 

Catabolism is what happens when you digest food and the molecules break down in the body for use as energy. Large, complex molecules in the body are broken down into smaller, simple ones. An example of catabolism is glycolysis. This process is almost the reverse of gluconeogenesis.

And it's the process of breaking the chemical bonds among the atoms of macromolecules to extract the chemical energy that is stored in them, such as releasing the energy that results from the glucose oxidation (during Cellular respiration process).


Acetic acid

Acetic acid, or ethanoic acid, (CHCOOH) is a carboxylic acid. It is the main compound of vinegar, other than water. 

It tastes and smells sour; it has no color. Its melting point is 16.5 °C(61.6 °F) and its boiling point is 118.1 °C(244.5 °F). It has a pH of 2.4.

Acetic acid is commonly used as a food additive. It has the E numbers E 260 (acetic acid). 

Potassium acetate (E 261), sodium acetate (E 262), and calcium acetate (E 2639) are salts of acetic acid; they are commonly used to preserve food, usually vegetables. In sourdough, ethanol fermentation is used. 

Boris Becker

Boris Franz Becker (born 22 November 1967) is a German retired tennis player. He was born in Leimen, Germany. At the age of 17, he became the youngest ever winner at Wimbledon in 1985. He won the contest while being unseeded. That means that he had not achieved enough to be assigned within an order of the better players at the start of the tournament.

He became a very successful player, winning the Wimbledon title again in 1986. Becker also helped West Germany win its first Davis Cup in 1988. In 1989, he won the Wimbledon, the US Open and another Davis Cup.

In 1991, he reached the World number 1 ranking by winning the Australian Open. Becker defeated Jim Courier in straight sets to win the 1992 Association of Tennis Professionals Tour World title. His final Grand Slam title was in 1996, where he beat Michael Chang for another Australian Open title in four sets.

Becker completed at the 1992 Summer Olympics where he won a gold medal in the men's doubles event.

Throughout his career, Becker won 49 singles titles and 15 doubles titles. He is known for his rivalry with certain players, including Ivan Lendl, Stefan Edberg and Michael Stich.


GCE Advanced Level

The General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (commonly shortened to A-Level) is a set of exams taken worldwide. They are usually taken during the end of secondary school. In the UK, they are usually taken two years after the students have completed GCSE or IGCSE exams. 

A-Levels are usually split into six parts, each with its own exam.

Most people study three A-Levels, and one AS-Level. An AS-Level is the first half of an A-Level. An AS-Level can be studied on its own, but to get an A-Level the second half must also be completed. The second half of an A-Level is an A2-Level. A student might opt to appear for their AS (Advanced Subsidiary) and A2 together in one go.

Students usually need A-Levels if they want to go to university to study for a degree.

Chinese New Year

Chinese New Year, known in China as the SpringFestival and in Singapore as the LunarNewYear, is a holiday on and around the new moon on the first day of the year in the traditional Chinese calendar. This calendar is based on the changes in the moon and is only sometimes changed to fit the seasons of the year based on how the Earth moves around the sun. Because of this, Chinese New Year is never on January1. It moves around between January21 and February20.

The Chinese New Year is one of the most important holidays for Chinese people all over the world. Its 7th day used to be used instead of birthdays to count people's ages in China. The holiday is still used to tell people which "animal" of the Chinese zodiac they are part of. The holiday is a time for gifts to children and for family gatherings with large meals, just like Christmas in Europe and in other Christian areas. Unlike Christmas, the children usually get gifts of cash in red envelopes ("hongbao") and not toys, clothes and electronics.

Chinese New Year used to last 15 days until the Lantern Festival on the year's first full moon. Now, it is a national holiday in the Republic and People's Republic of China, the Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei, and Indonesia. It is also celebrated in some parts of Thailand. In some places, only the first day or three days are celebrated. In the PRC, nearby weekends are changed to create a 7-day-long "Golden Week".

The traditional new years in Vietnam (Tet) and in Korea (Korean New Year) are almost always on the same day as Chinese New Year but are sometimes different. The Japanese New Year used to work the same way but has been very different since some changes in the 19th century. Losar and Tsagaan Sar, the traditional Tibetan and Mongolian new years, are very close to the Chinese New Year but different ways of thinking about the moon's changes and adding months can make them happen weeks apart from the Chinese festival.

The Mandarin Chinese name of the holiday is "Chūn Jié", which means "Spring Festival". This is why it is often called the "Spring Festival" by Chinese speakers of English, even though the holiday always occurs in the winter months of January or February. Its name is written in traditional Chinese writing and in the easier writing now used by mainland China and Singapore. The Republic of China began to use this name in the 1910s, after it began to use the European calendar for most things.

Before that, the holiday was usually just called the "NewYear". Because the traditional Chinese calendar is mostly based on the changes in the moon, the Chinese New Year is also known in English as the "Lunar New Year" or "Chinese Lunar New Year". This name comes from "Luna", an old Latin name for the moon. The Indonesian name for the holiday is Imlek, which comes from the Hokkien word for the old Chinese calendar and is therefore also like saying "Lunar New Year".

Another old name for the holiday was "Lìchūn", meaning "Early Spring". In Chinese, this is also a special name for the sun's place from about February4 to 19 each year, when the sun is 45 to 30° ahead of its place on the 1stday of spring. The name is not often used to talk about the Chinese New Year any more. On Taiwan, the real "Lichun" has been called "Farmer's Day" since 1941. A year between two Chinese New Years without it is thought to be unlucky for marriages.

Chinese New Year always starts on a new moon, when the Moon is between the Earth and Sun and it looks all dark in the night sky. Because new moons happen about every 29.53 days but the year set by Pope GregoryXIII is 365.2425 days long, the Chinese holiday moves to different days each year. The Chinese calendar adds a 13th month every so often to keep the seasons in the right place, so the first day of the new year always happens between January21 and February20 on the 2nd or 3rd new moon after the 1st day of winter. The chart on the right gives the day of each Chinese New Year from 1996 to 2031.

In the past, the Chinese emperors did not number their years from one place. Instead, they gave names to eras (groups of years) any time they wanted. Since they still changed its number at every new year festival, the first year of a new era might only be a few days long. One example of this is the "1st year of Kaiyuan" during the Tang, which lasted a week or so in 713 AD. In the same way, people in China and around East Asia did not count their ages from zero or add one year at every birthday. They counted birth as the start of their 1st year and added another year upon the 7th day of the New Year, which they called People's Day ("Rénrì"). This came from an old story about how a goddess named Nüwa made all the animals. The day she made people was used as the common birthday for everyone. In this way, people sometimes called a baby who born on the 6th day of the New Year a 2-year-old only a few hours after its birth. (Today, it is much more common in China to count age starting at zero and add years at birthdays, like in English-speaking countries.)

The Chinese used to keep time using 2 different lists of characters, known in English as the 10Heavenly Stems and the 12Earthly Branches. The stems were the 10 days of the week under the Shang dynasty, each with its own sun and a special gift to different dead family members of the king. The branches were parts of the almost 12-year path that Jupiter takes around the sun. Each is said to be yin (dark or female) or yang (bright or male), so that when they are put together they make a list of 60 pairs. (The current list began in 1984 and will end in 2043.) Later, each of the stems was also said to match one of the 5 Chinese elements—wood, fire, dirt, metal, or water—and each of the branches was said to be a different animal: Rat, Ox & Cow, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster & Chicken, Dog, and Pig. The Han Chinese list begins with the Year of the "Wood Rat"; the Tibetan list is much the same but begins with the Year of the "Fire Rabbit".

Today, Chinese people don't use these lists to count hours, days, or years but many still pay attention to the animal of the year when someone was born. Just like with the European zodiac, some people think the year's animal can change how someone thinks and acts. They even think it can change whether a marriage will be a happy one or not. Newspapers pay writers to give them ideas for how lucky different animals will be during the coming week. Many parents even time their children's birth within a year or two to give them the best animal sign: a Chinese primary school might have full classrooms of "golden Dragon" students but noticeably fewer "dirt Rats". For those who do believe such things, it is important to notice that the traditional Chinese calendar's year starts at a different time from the usual year. People may say that 2017 is the "Year of the Rooster and Chicken" but the people born in January or early February 2018 will still be "Roosters" and "Chickens" and those born in the first few weeks of 2017 were still "Monkeys".

Chinese tradition said that the Chinese calendar began during the 60th year of the reign of the Yellow Emperor in 2637 BC, with New Year celebrations beginning in that year. As far as we now know, it's much less old than that. Parts of the old ways of counting time given above are at least as early as 1250 BC, during the Shang times. Most of it was known by the Zhou (11th–3rd centuries BC). The 5 elements and small points were set by the Han (2nd century BC–2nd century AD). From eastern China, the calendar and its new year spread to nearby places like Vietnam (111 BC), Korea (before 270 AD), Japan (604), and Tibet (around 641). It also followed the overseas Chinese to their new homes in Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, and other places.

The Shang kings (16th–11th centuries BC) gave special gifts to their gods and dead family members during the winter of each year. Under the Zhou, people were having harvest festivals like today's Mid-Autumn Festival by about 1000 BC. Over time, common people started to give gifts to their gods and their dead family members, just like the king. Parts of the harvest festival stopped being thanks and celebration of the last year. They moved to before the planting of the seeds and became wishes and celebration of good luck in the next year.

By the early Han, people were counting their birthdays from People's Day on the 7th day of the New Year. The order of animals' birthdays was said to be Roosters and Chickens on the New Year, Dogs on the next day, Pigs on the day after that, Goats on the 4th, Oxen and Cows on the 5th, Horses on the 6th, and then people. About the same time, people started burning bamboo to make loud noises to welcome the New Year and scare away bad things.

People started carefully cleaning their homes, having large family dinners, and staying up late on the day before Chinese New Year by the end of the Three Kingdoms (3rd century). By the end of the Jin in the 5th century, these things had become a common part of Chinese life. Some Taoist magicians may have made gunpowder as early as the Han or Jin, but they certainly had it by the 9th century at the end of the Tang. Over the next few centuries, fireworks and firecrackers replaced burning bamboo as a way to chase away anything bad and to welcome in the New Year.

Dragon dances had appeared by the time of the Han. People thought that Chinese dragons like Yinglong and Shenlong were kinds of gods who had power over where the water in rivers and canals went and when the water in clouds would fall as rain. Because this was very important for farming, dragon dances could happen all through the year when rain was needed. Different parts of today's dragon dances began at different times, with some at least as old as the Song (about 1150) and others very new, like using special paint that glows under black light.

Lion dances were probably newer. China has not had its own lions since the spread of people out of Africa into the rest of the world. The earliest lions in Chinese books were gifts to the Han emperor from Parthia and other people who lived along the Silk Road connecting Chinese and Roman businesses. There was lion dancing under the Tang and in Japan by the 8th century, but people still thought of it as a foreign dance used by Buddhists. Today, people talk about "Northern" and "Southern" kinds of lion dances. The special northern kind began under the Southern Song (12th–13th century). The special southern kind began in Guangdong later, maybe under the Ming (14th–17th century).

As part of other changes, the Meiji Emperor of Japan ordered in 1873 that the new year celebrations of his country would be held on January1. Today, even most of the traditional Japanese celebrations now occur on that day, not at the same time as Chinese New Year. In 1928, the Nationalist Party of China tried to change the Chinese celebrations to January1, too, but this completely failed as the Chinese people protested or ignored the new laws and continued as usual.

In 1965, some people tried to change Indonesia's government, making its army less powerful. They failed and Suharto said they were working for Indonesia's Communists, who were working with Mao Zedong's Communist China. In 1967, Suharto helped make laws against using Chinese language or culture, including any celebration of Chinese New Year. These laws were not changed until after the fall of Suharto in 1998. Indonesia made Chinese New Year a national holiday for everyone a few years later in 2003.

In 1967, as part of Mao Zedong's Cultural Revolution, the PRC's government did not celebrate or allow special time off work for the traditional new year. The State Council said that the people of China should "change customs" and have a "revolutionized and fighting Spring Festival". Public celebrations returned by the time of Deng Xiaoping's Opening Up Policy in the 1980s. In particular, the government helped with dragon and lion dancing, thinking that it was part of the special culture of Chinese people. Since the year 2000, Chinese New Year has been one of the PRC's Golden Weeks: there are three days of paid time away from work during the first few days and two weekends around it are moved to make a 7-day-long holiday. These Golden Weeks copied a similar Japanese idea.

In 2015, Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah set out tough new laws about the celebration of Chinese New Year in Brunei. This followed earlier laws like it about Christmas and is part of introducing traditional Islamic law to the country.

People in China usually try to be together with their family for at least the first few days of the holiday. Because of the large number of Chinese people and the many people who work away from their hometowns, all this "spring traveling" ("chunyun") is the biggest movement of people in the world every year.

Houses are cleaned completely. In former times, sacrifices were made to the gods and dead family members in the days before the holiday. A "reunion dinner" happens in the evening of the last day of the traditional year ("New Year's Eve"). Older and married people give younger ones cash in red envelopes known as "hongbao" in Mandarin Chinese or "laisee" in Cantonese. China Central Television puts on a long show with many star actors, singers, and dancers. It is usually the most-watched TV show in the world each year. Lately, its ads have also become some of the world's most expensive, although they are still behind those during the US Super Bowl.

Children don't need to go to bed early and stay up to midnight. Around 12 o'clock, the new year is welcomed with public fireworks and private firecrackers. Children are told that these remember a monster called "Nian" ("Year") who was scared away by a town's loud noises and bright lights on a Chinese New Year long in the past.

During the first few days of the new year, many people visit the homes of their grandparents, parents, and other relatives, as well as their closest friends. More "hongbao" may be given. Temples also have special fairs with lots of street food. There are Peking opera and martial arts shows and lion and dragon dances in major cities. Lion dancers usually have two people inside each lion. People feed the lions green plants and "hongbao", and the lions keep the money and spit out the plants. The dragon dancers usually hold the Dragon up on poles and chase a pearl held by another dancer. The dragons can be very long. So far, the longest was in Hong Kong in 2012. That one was a little over long. Hong Kong also has special horse races at its racetrack. A 100,000 people sometimes come to the big race on the 3rd day of the New Year, which has a lion dance and other shows. Guangzhou has several special flower festivals.

The day of the new year's first full moon is called the Lantern Festival. Many streets and homes are decorated with old paper lanterns. In the past, this was one of the few days of the year when the women of families with lots of money could go outside their homes. They walked the streets nearby with their maids and could say hello to people outside their family. This still causes the festival to make people think of young adults meeting their future husband or wife.

In Taiwan, most events and traditions are the same as those in China. The most important special event is the Yanshui Beehive Fireworks Festival, where fireworks are shot straight into the people watching the show. Being hit is supposed to bring good luck, but this used to be very unsafe. Today, people wear special hard hats (helmets) and thick clothes to protect them from the fire and fireworks. Another special event is the "Bombing of Master Handan" in Taitung, where people throw firecrackers straight at the members of a parade who are wearing only red underwear and towels. Taiwan's Hakka people have a tradition like this, where firecrackers are thrown at dragon dancers as they parade through towns. The dragon is then burnt up at the end of the dance. Taipei's City Lantern Festival also goes on for most of the holiday, not just during the 1-day Lantern Festival at the end.

Chinese New Year is a national holiday in the Philippines. People do not get money without working, but anyone who "does" have to work on the "special non-working day" gets 130% of the usual pay. Binondo—sometimes considered the world's oldest Chinatown—sees a lot of traditional celebrations, such as lion and dragon dances. Its people also try to pay back any money that they owe before the New Year.

In 2001, Davao City stopped letting people use fireworks because its people were hurting themselves too much. Their leader Rodrigo Duterte became president of the country and said that he wanted to stop fireworks everywhere. As president, however, he has so far continued to let people use them.

Chinese New Year () is a 1-day national holiday in Indonesia. Chinese people have lived there since at least the 15th century, when Zheng He's ships visited its islands for the Yongle Emperor of the Ming, and many more came when the Netherlands held the islands as a colony. Suharto stopped Chinese Indonesians from celebrating Chinese New Year in 1967. Some people had tried to change the government in 1965 and Suharto said Indonesian Communists and their friends in the PRC had done it. Things changed after the fall of Suharto in 1998, and Indonesia made Chinese New Year a national holiday for everyone in 2003.

Dragon and lion dances are common at shopping centers, which sometimes have special sales to let Chinese people buy new (often red) clothes to wear for the holiday. People cannot use fireworks in most of Indonesia, but some cities like Jakarta let people use firecrackers.

Some older Chinese traditions still survive in Indonesia. Like in the Philippines, people try to pay back any money they owe before the New Year. People also try not to lend any money during the holiday, because they think it will make them have to keep lending money for the whole year. Doors and windows are opened on the day before the New Year to "let the old year out", and people wake up early the next morning so they don't stay lazy the whole year. The red envelopes of money (Hokkien:"âng-pau") are given on the morning of New Year's Day, not at dinner on the night before it. Many make special trips to one of Indonesia's Chinese temples at some time during the holiday.

It is also still common to leave some food at the table for dead family members and to give them gifts as the New Year begins. Chicken is usually eaten with the head, tail, and feet still on, showing "completeness". White rice is eaten but fresh white tofu is not, because in Chinese culture its color makes some people think of death and bad luck.

Most of Malaysia gets two days off work for Chinese New Year: the New Year itself and the day after it. The largest celebrations happen around Petaling Street in Kuala Lumpur, at the Kek Lok Si Temple in George Town, in Ipoh, and on Jonker Street in Malacca. Some people still follow the tradition that the second day is used for married women to visit their parents, after visiting her husband's family on Chinese New Year's Day. Most Chinese Malaysians take the entire week off of work, despite the shorter length of the national holiday. Traditional Chinese use the 3rd day of the New Year to visit the resting places of family members who died in the last 3 years; people without a death in their family stay home.

An unusual tradition in Malaysia is the idea of "open house" dinners, especially on the 2nd and 3rd night of the holiday. Guests, friends, and even strangers from different races and religions can be let in to enjoy large dinners together. The Malaysian government even has its own "open houses" at community halls.

In addition to fireworks at the beginning of the New Year, many people light them on the 9th day of the holiday to celebrate the birthday of the Jade Emperor, the boss of the Chinese gods. The day was used for a special Hokkien New Year, the story going that, one time in the past, the Hokkien people had to hide from robbers for 8 days in a sugarcane field. Because of this story, lots of sugarcane is used for Malaysian decorations for Chinese New Year.

Teochew-style Yusheng, a fish-and-noodle dish, is extra common in Malaysia, where it is called "yeesang" or "prosperity toss". A restaurant in Seremban started getting people to eat it by throwing it high in the air for good luck in the 1940s, and people had so much fun that they have done it ever since. Properly, it should have 7 parts and be eaten on the 7th day of the holiday, but people now eat it in different ways, too. Another common dish is "steam boat", a kind of seafood hot pot. As in other Chinese places, eating and giving away oranges and tangerines is common in Malaysia. A special tradition is for women with no boyfriend or husband to throw an orange into the sea to find a man. Some now write their telephone numbers on the oranges they throw, and men will use boats to go out and get the fruit.

Many people in Malaysia who believe in Islam and Hinduism have also started giving red envelopes full of money—which Malaysians call "ang pow" from its Hokkien name "âng-pau"—during their own holidays, like Eid ("Syawal") and Divali ("Deepavali"). The Islamic ang pow usually have Arabic designs, and the Hindu ones are often purple.

Singapore, like Malaysia, has a national holiday for Chinese New Year and the day after it. It also sees lot of "steam boat" hot pot dinners. In 1972, the government stopped people from using their own fireworks during the holiday. Worried that people would find the next celebration less fun, they began the Chingay Parade the next year in 1973. In 1977, Indians and Malays joined the parade, which happens on the 8th day of the New Year. The parade is now the biggest in Asia, with more than 10,000 people in it and floats that showing every animal of the circle of Chinese years and the money god Cai Shen. More than 100,000 come to see it in person, and millions of people see it on TV. There are still government firework shows, and the people of Singapore now make noise during the holiday by hitting bamboo sticks together.

Holiday shopping and street shows are centered on Chinatown. Its Wishing Tree is filled with cards that tell people's hopes and dreams. The money from selling the cards is used for the area's activity center for the old.

Downtown, the holiday is used as a showcase for Chinese arts and customs. The Chinese Festival of Arts starts on the 5th day and runs for the rest of the holiday until the Lantern Festival. The National Gallery, Stamp Museum, and Asian Civilizations Museum let people in for free on some of the days of the holiday. For more than 10 years, Singapore has held a big lion dancing contest with teams coming from other countries across Southeast Asia. During the Lantern Festival on the 15th day of the New Year, there is the River Hongbao show on the Marina Bay Floating Platform and along the waterfront.

Chinese New Year, the day before it, the day after it, and the Lantern Festival are national holidays in Brunei. The country has had a large number of Chinese people since the 1930s and 40s, and the sultan sometimes comes to their New Year celebrations. Since 2015, however, Brunei has set out tough Islamic laws that try to stop Muslims from joining or even seeing the Chinese celebrations. Lion dances are allowed only at the last Chinese temple in Brunei, at Chinese schools, and at the homes of the Chinese. Only Chinese people can join the dance. People cannot use fireworks or firecrackers, and dances must stop during the hours of Islamic prayers. Breaking these rules risks as much as B$20,000 and 5 years of jail.

The Chinese New Year celebrations in North and South Korea are known as Korean New Year. The time in Beijing is 1 hour different from the time in the Korean capital cities of Pyongyang and Seoul. About one time every 24 years, this makes the Korean New Year start on the day after the Chinese New Year.

The Korean holiday is very close to the Chinese one, with families gathering, children being very nice to their parents and grandparents, and older people giving gifts of money to the young. The Korean holiday has different traditional foods and games, though.

The Chinese New Year celebrations in Vietnam are known as Tet. Like the Korean New Year, it sometimes happens on a different day. In 1967, North Vietnam changed its time so that its capital Hanoi is now 1 hour different from Beijing. This means that the new moon happens a day earlier in Vietnam about one time every 24 years. Vietnamese people also add a 13th month to their calendar at a different time from the Chinese, who always try to put the 1st day of winter in their 11th month. In some years, this makes Tet happen in the month after the Chinese New Year.

Like in Korea, the Vietnamese New Year is mostly the same as China's, with families gathering, children saying nice things to their parents and grandparents, and older people giving gifts of money to the young. There are some different foods and traditions, like their New Year tree or special games. Some of the differences come from changes in China: Tet sees more people do nice things for their dead family members. In China, most of the traditions like that were moved to Tomb Sweeping Day at the beginning of April.

The largest US and Canadian celebrations happen in Chinatowns. People eat Chinese food, give gifts, and have dragon parades that sometimes include marching bands. There is no national holiday with time off work, but different events go on for the full traditional 2 weeks up to the Lantern Festival.

In the United Kingdom, the celebration in London's Chinatown and Trafalgar Square drew 500,000 people in 2015.

The holiday is also so important to China that many world leaders will take time to send their good wishes to China and the Chinese people.

Most traditional customs have to do with getting more good luck for the new year and staying away from anything unhappy.

People hang up decorations, especially pairs of Chinese poems (couplets) on either side of their doors. Some put pictures of Taoist gods on the doors to scare away bad things. Live plants suggest growth, and flowers suggest coming fruits. Pussy willow is common in some places because its Chinese name sounds like "money coming in". It is very common for big decorations to look like the animal for the new year, so that 2017 had Rooster and Chicken pictures and statues and 2018 will have Dogs.

People used to welcome the New Year with "anything" that made loud noises, including drums, cymbals, or even woks and pots. The exact traditions were different in different parts of China. Fireworks and firecrackers became more and more common everywhere, but lately many places have stopped letting most people use them because of the danger of people hurting themselves, of fire, and of dirt in the air that can make people sick. There are still big firework shows in most big cities with many Chinese people, but the city government will do everything and other people just watch.

Visits to people's houses are done in new or well-kept clothes. People wear more red than usual, which makes them think of happy times like weddings, and wear less black and white, which makes some think of sad times like funerals. Red underwear is very common and is most commonly worn during New Years which have the same animal as the wearer's birth year (so, at ages 12, 24, 36, and so on). In Malaysia, it has even become common to give people such red underwear as gifts and for non-Chinese to wear all-red clothes during the season of the Chinese New Year.

There are some common things people say to wish good luck to each other, the most important being "gōngxǐ fācái" ("congratulations that you are now rich"). People try not to say bad words, tell ghost stories, or talk about death. Some even stay away from the number four, which sounds like "death" in Chinese. Crying babies are also thought to be bad luck, and family members will try to keep children happy during visits.

There are some old customs that only a few people or even no one does any more. People still do their "spring cleaning" before the holiday but, in old China, they did not sweep or wash clothes on New Year's Day itself. They were afraid of cleaning away good luck together with the dirt. For the same reason, some people did not wash their hair and were very careful not to break any tools. The 5th or 6th day after New Year, when they cleaned and threw away or burned all the trash, was a day for "sending off" the God of Being Poor, one of the sons of Zhuanxu. Today, it's more common to clean things as they get dirty, like on other days. Few do anything special about the God of the Poor. In the same way, people near Beijing thought that it was unlucky to cook or steam food for the first 5 days of the New Year. They would cook all of their next week of food 2 days before it, so it was ready for the reunion meal. They would add yeast to their dumpling skins the day before that, on the 28th day of the 12th month. The skins would have enough time to be ready but not enough time to go bad. Today, people cook or eat out all through the week. It is easy to buy ready-made skins at supermarkets, keep their homemade skins fresh in fridges, or just buy all their dumplings from nearby shops and there is nothing special about the 28th day. On People's Day, the 7th day of the holiday, people used to wear special headbands and thought good weather meant good luck for everyone in the coming year. Everyone used it to count their age, even when it was not their birthday. None of that is common any more.

Some traditions have been ended by the Chinese government. People used to run to be the first to set off fireworks and firecrackers at the beginning of the New Year at midnight, wherever they were. The dirty air this caused in big Chinese cities made children and old people sick. Now, the police stop people from doing this in many cities.

Taoist traditions that are less common now are giving gifts to the home's kitchen god on the 23rd or 24th day of the 12th month of the old calendar. People said the kitchen god watched the house for the Jade Emperor, the boss of the Chinese gods. The special decorations and gifts were given to him so that he would say nice things. The gods would then be nicer to the house for the next year. The kitchen god was thought to return to the house on the 4th day of the New Year. During the time he was "away", people used to feel they could get away from some hard rules about family life without anything bad happening. In the past, love matches would marry during those days with less rules and expense than a full wedding. Today, the days after the Chinese New Year are a common time for weddings but this is because everyone has time off work and not because of any ideas about luck or worry about the gods. In the same way, people used to give animals to Cai Shen, the god of money, on the 2nd or 5th day of the holiday. People used to take a break from visits on "Red Dog Day" ("Chìgǒu Rì"), the 3rd day of the holiday, when an angry god was said to bring bad luck to anyone walking around outside. Now, fewer and fewer people worry about those things.

The reunion dinners on the day before Chinese New Year are often the largest and most expensive of the year. Some families use special and expensive foods to gain face; others use meaningful foods to bring luck. Jiaozi (a kind of dumpling) are common in northern China. People think they look like the old Chinese silver bars and hold luck inside. Egg rolls and spring rolls like lumpia can also be made to look like golden bars, and oranges and tangerines are thought to look like gold coins. Noodles like "yimian" or Filipino pansit are eaten uncut to wish for long life. Some dishes are eaten because their Chinese names sound like lucky words, such as "fish" and "well-off". In Cantonese, "vegetable" sounds the same as "having money" ("choy") and "leek" sounds the same as "counting-and-planning" ("suan"). Because of this Cantonese people in China and in other countries try to have some during the New Year holidays. Niangao, called "tikoy" in the Philippines, is a kind of cake made from fried sticky rice and sugar. It is very common in southern China. In Chinese, its name sounds like "nián gāo" ("the year gets better") or "niánnián gāoshēng" ("getting better year after year"). Some people also think its stickiness is like a glue and use it as a wish for holding their family together. Indonesians call their niangao "basket cakes" because they mold theirs in bamboo baskets. They also have some special flavors in addition to vanilla and chocolate like pandan, a tree with good-smelling leaves. Some people fry tikoy with eggs; basket cakes are often steamed with pieces of coconut meat. Because most Chinese people in the Philippines speak Hokkien and not Mandarin Chinese, they also like to eat pineapples. In Hokkien, the word for "pineapple" sounds like the word for "having a lot of money".

Some Chinese also put out "Trays of Togetherness", dishes with eight different parts and eight different kinds of snack foods. Some common things to put in these trays are kumquats, longans, pieces of coconut meat, peanuts, candies, and melon and lotus seeds. Eight is a lucky number to many Chinese people, like seven in Europe and other places. These dishes are very common among Malaysian and Indonesian Chinese.

For the Lantern Festival, the special food is yuanxiao, small balls of sticky rice in a sweet soup. Lichun always happens near the Chinese New Year as well. It is celebrated by eating spring pancakes ("chūnbǐng").

Suite (music)

In music, a suite (pronounce "sweet") is a collection of short musical pieces which can be played one after another. The pieces are usually dance movements. The French word “suite” means “a sequence” of things, i.e. one thing following another.

In the 17th century many composers such as Bach and Handel wrote suites. They were collections of dances: usually an allemande, a courante, a sarabande and a gigue. Sometimes other dances were included as well, e.g. a minuet, gavotte, passepied or bourree. Sometimes the first movement was not a dance movement but an introduction. It may have been called a prelude or even overture. Some of Bach’s suites were called "Partitas". The French composer François Couperin called his suites "Ordres".

Bach wrote suites for orchestra which he called "overtures". Handel wrote two very famous collections of dance movements for orchestra: "Water Music" and "Music for the Royal Fireworks". These are also suites although they are not given that title. He also wrote 22 suites for keyboard, and Bach wrote "French Suites", "English Suites" and "Partitas" for keyboard as well as partitas for unaccompanied violin and suites for unaccompanied cello.

Earlier composers, e.g. Renaissance composers, had also written suites, but the word “suite” was not used until around the middle of the 17th century.
By the 1750s composers had stopped writing suites as the symphony and concerto had become popularized. 

In the late 19th century, the word "suite" started to be used again. Composers who had written operas or ballets with lots of popular dance movements often made an arrangement of these movements for orchestra so that it could be played at concerts. Tchaikovsky wrote the "Nutcracker Suite" which includes the most popular dances from his ballet "The Nutcracker". Some composers used the word "suite" for pieces with movements which had a common theme: Gustav Holst called "The Planets" a suite, as each movement is about one of the planets. French composers of the Impressionist period such as Ravel and Debussy wrote suites for piano.

Suite

Suite might mean:


Michael Chang

Michael Te-pei Chang (; born February 22, 1972) is an American retired tennis player. He was the youngest-ever male winner of a Grand Slam singles title, when he won the French Open in 1989 at the age of 17.

Chang was often in the Top 10 in the Association of Tennis Professionals world rankings for several years in the 1990s. His highest ranking (that is, the order in which it is shown how good he is in the sport at a certain time) was World No. 2.

When he won the French Open in 1989, Chang had a well known semi-final match with Ivan Lendl. Before the match, many people thought the unseeded Chang would lose to the No. 1 ranked Lendl. At first Chang was losing, but he won the important third set. Starting then, Chang began to have leg cramps, but won the match through determination. Today, many people remember this game as one of his best matches when the name Michael Chang is mentioned.

Chang was born in Hoboken, New Jersey, United States. His parents are Taiwanese. Chang is a Christian. With his family he started the Chang Family Foundation in 1999 "to introduce the Good News of Jesus Christ to the world".

Catalão

Catalão is a Brazilian city in the state of Goiás. It has 75.623 inhabitants. It covers . It was founded in 1833 and is today an important industrial center of state of Goiás.

Equus (genus)

Equus is a genus of mammals in the family Equidae. It includes horses, asses, and zebras. "Equus" is the only living (extant) genus of horses, and there are seven living species. They are the one-toed horses, and are adapted for living in various types of grasslands.

The term equine refers to any member of this genus. "Equus" has many extinct species known only from fossils. The genus most likely originated in North America and spread quickly to the Old World. Equines are odd-toed ungulates with slender legs, long heads, relatively long necks, manes (erect in most subspecies) and long tails. All species are herbivorous, and mostly grazers with simpler digestive systems than ruminants. They can live on low-quality vegetation.

Feral equine populations are widespread, but wild equines are found only in Africa and Asia. Wild populations may have a harem system. In this case one adult male or "stallion", several females or "mares" and their young or "foals". Otherwise they live in a territory where males control territories with resources that attract females. In both systems, females take care of the foals, though males may play a role as well. Equines communicate with each other visually and vocally. Human activities have threatened wild equine populations and out of the seven living species, only the plains zebra is still widespread and abundant.

The one-toed horses of the grasslands developed from smaller three-toed horses which lived more in forests and wooded savannahs. Before the coming of humans, horses were much more varied and widespread, though the number of species is not known.

There are seven species of living horses in the wild. They are:
"E. africanus"—African wild ass
"E. ferus"—wild horse
"E. grevyi"—Grévy's zebra
"E. hemionus"—onager
"E. kiang"—kiang
"E. quagga"—plains zebra
"E. zebra"—mountain zebra

This is not counting the many types of horse which mankind has modified by breeding. "Equus ferus" has been the species used by man as the basis of the various breeds of horse.

216 Kleopatra

216 Kleopatra is a Main belt asteroid found by Johann Palisa on April 10, 1880 in Pola. It is named after Cleopatra, the Queen of Egypt.

Kleopatra is an unusual object. Its odd shape was revealed by adaptive optics on the ESO 3.6m telescope at La Silla. By bouncing radar signals off the asteroid, a team of astronomers at the Arecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico were able to develop a more detailed computer model of its shape, which confirmed the dog-bone like shape. A favored explanation is that Kleopatra is a contact binary: two similarly-sized asteroids that have hit and stuck together instead of breaking apart.

Kleopatra is a fairly big asteroid, measuring 217 × 94 × 81 km. It is believed to be a loosely packed metallic object, based on its radar albedo.



Federal Ministry of Defence (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Defence (BMVg) is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. At present the headquarters of the ministry are still in Bonn with 3230 working in the Hardthöhe. The second office employs about 500 people in the Bendlerblock in Berlin.

The BMVg is at the highest Federal authority and the highest command authority of the defence forces. The BMVg has civilian and military departments:

Operatively the General Staff of the Defence Forces (or "FÜ S", which is short for ) is the most important, it has seven sections divided into 42 smaller sections

The press and information staff and the planning staff work directly under the minister

In peace time the Federal Minister of Defence is commander in chief of the Armed Forces, not the Federal President.

If Germany is attacked, or about to be attacked, command passes to the Chancellor.

In 1950 Chancellor Konrad Adenauer gave Theodor Blank the job of preparing for the time when Germany could have an army. In December 20 people where working in the "Blank Office". On 7 June 1955 it had 1300 employees, and it became the Federal Ministry for Defence.

It was renamed in Federal Ministry of defence on December 1961 and was seen as one of the "classic departments" . At German reunification the National People's Army (Nationale Volksarmee) of East Germany was made part of the Federal Armed Forces. Not long after this, Germany's army took part in the war in Kosovo. This was the first time that Germany's army had been sent to fight outside Germany since the end of World War II

Angstrom

An angstrom or ångström (symbol Å) is a unit of length that equals 0.1 nanometer (nm). It can be written in scientific notation as 1×10 m (normalized notation) or (exponential notation) — both mean . It is sometimes used to express the sizes of atoms, lengths of chemical bonds and visible-light spectra, and dimensions of parts of integrated circuits. For example, a single atom is about two ångströms wide, and a human hair is about a million ångströms thick.

The ångström is named after the Swedish physicist Anders Jonas Ångström (1814–1874), one of the founders of spectroscopy who is known also for studies of astrophysics, flow of heat, the earth's magnetic field, and the aurora borealis. 

In 1868, Ångström created a spectrum chart of solar radiation that expresses each wavelength in the spectrum of sunlight in multiples of one ten-millionth of a millimetre, or 1 metres. This unit of length later became known as the ångström, Å.

Human beings can see light having wavelengths ranging from about 4,000 ångströms (violet) to 7,000 ångströms (deep red), so the ångström was a convenient unit of measurement. Because of its closeness to the scale of atoms and molecules it was also popular in chemistry and crystallography.

Today, the use of the ångström as a unit is less popular than it used to be, and the nanometre (nm) is often used instead (The ångström is officially discouraged by the International Committee for Weights and Measures, and by the American National Standard for Metric Practice.)

Ångström (disambiguation)

Ångström or angstrom can also mean:

Oberrüti

Oberrüti is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Obersiggenthal

Obersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberwil-Lieli

Oberwil-Lieli is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oeschgen

Oeschgen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oftringen

Oftringen is a city and municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica

The Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica (English: "Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy") is a trilogy, written by Isaac Newton and published on 5 July 1687. 

The three-book work describes physics and mathematics. It states Newton's laws of motion and the derivation of Kepler's Laws, and observations on gravity.

Prato

Prato is a city in Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Prato.

Prato's economy has been based upon the textile industry, since 1400.
Prato is also a centre of the slow food movement, with many other local specialities, including cantucci, a type of biscotti.

Since the late 1950s, the city has had a big amount of immigration, first from southern Italy, then other countries. Since the late 1980s a large Han community has settled in the city. With a population of more than 180,000 people, Prato is Tuscany's second largest city. It is the third largest in Central Italy, after Rome and Florence.

In 1512, the city was attacked by the Spanish troops sent by Pope Julius II to capture the nearby city of Florence for the Medici family. The attack caused much damage to Prato. It led to the surrender of the Florentine Republic and control by the Medici family. The army killed 50,600 citizens of Prato in the streets.

Prato is home to many museums and other cultural monuments. These include the Filippo Lippi frescoes in the Cathedral of Santo Stefano which has been restored in 2006. The Cathedral has an external pulpit by Donatello.

"Palazzo Pretorio", the old town hall, was built at the end of the 13th century in red bricks. Sections in white brick were added later. In the 16th century an outside staircase and a clock were added. Also notable is the "Palazzo Datini", the home of the merchant Francesco Datini built from 1383. It has decorations by Florentine artists like Agnolo Gaddi and Niccolò Gerini. In 1409, it housed Pope Alexander V and Louis of Anjou. The "Palazzo degli Alberti" (12th century) is home to an artgallery with works by Filippo Lippi ("Prato Madonna"), Giovanni Bellini ("Crucifix with Jew Cemetery") and Caravaggio ("The Crowning with Thorns").

Another major attraction of the city is the Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci, a museum and education centre concerned with contemporary arts.

Churches in Prato include:

Prato is also the home of the Monash University a very nice centre for learning English.




Olsberg

Olsberg could mean:


Olsberg, Aargau

Olsberg is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Livorno

Livorno is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy.

Today, Livorno is known for the fortified town walls and for the small streets. Many foreigners moved to Livorno such as Jews, Armenians, Greeks, Dutch, and English. Some Moriscos (Muslim Spaniards forced to turn Catholic), much later, also moved to Livorno (from Spain and during the 18th century).

Bridges, houses and streets, mostly from the neo-classical era are in the district of Livorno.

The "Monumento dei quattro mori" ("Monument of the Four Turks"), dedicated to Grand Duke Ferdinando I de' Medici of Tuscany, is one of the most important monuments of Livorno.
Another important monument is the old fortress which has 3 bastions called “Capitana”, “Ampolletta” and “Canaviglia”. It was made before the Renaissance.

Politically, Livorno is one of the most left-leaning cities of Italy. The Communist Party of Italy was founded in Livorno on 21 January 1921.

Tuaca liqueur is produced in Livorno. The city also has a petrochemical industry.

Livorno has a football team in Serie A, A.S. Livorno Calcio.

Livorno inhabitants speak a Tuscan dialect of Italian, called "vernacolo".

Livorno has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification).




Arezzo

Arezzo is an old city in central Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Arezzo, in the region of Tuscany. Arezzo is about 80 km (50 mi) south-east of Florence. It is at an elevation of 296 m above sea level. In 2001 the population was about 91,600 people.

Arezzo is placed on the floodplain of the Arno. In the upper part of the town are the cathedral and the squares.

Arezzo may have been one of the twelve most important Etruscan cities, that was also called Dodecapolis. 
Conquered by the Romans in 311 BC, Arretium became a military station on the via Cassia, the road to expansion by republican Rome into the basin of the Po. In the 3rd to 4th century, Arezzo became an episcopal place: it is one of the few cities whose succession of bishops are known by name without interruption to the present day, in part because they were the feudal lords of the city in the Middle Ages.

Until 1384, Arezzo was an independent city-state, generally Ghibelline in tendency, thus opposing Guelph Florence. In 1252 the city founded its university, the "Studium". Arezzo in 1384 was under Florentine domination. During this period Piero della Francesca worked in the church of San Francesco di Arezzo producing the splendid frescoes.

In the 18th century the neighbouring marshes of the Val di Chiana, south of Arezzo, were drained and the region became less malarial. At the end of the century French troops led by Napoleon Bonaparte conquered Arezzo, but the city soon turned into the hands of the resistance against the invaders with the movement of "Viva Maria": this gained the city the role of provincial capital. In 1860 Arezzo became part of the Kingdom of Italy.

The Piazza Grande is the most noteworthy medieval square in the city, it is currently the site of the "Giostra del Saracino" ("Joust of the Saracin").







Police, Poland

Police is a town in Poland in West Pomeranian Voivodeship. As of 2014, 33,400 people live there according to http://population.city/poland/police/ . The town is located on the river Oder, near the border with Germany. It is one of the largest sea ports in Poland. Police borders with Szczecin. In the Police area, there is another town called Nowe Warpno. 

Nowe Warpno

Nowe Warpno is a town in Poland in West Pomeranian Voivodeship. As of 2004, 1,214 people live there. The town is located on the Szczecin Lagoon, at the border with Germany. In the area of Nowe Warpno there are Police, Poland, Świnoujście, Szczecin, Eggesin and Ueckermünde.

Thomas de Maizière

Karl Ernst Thomas de Maizière (born 21 January 1954 in Bonn) was the Minister for Special Affairs in the German government and Head of the Federal Chancellery. On 3 March 2011, because of Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg's resignation, de Maizière became Federal Minister for Defence.

His father was Ulrich de Maizière, who was Inspector General of the Bundeswehr. The senior officer in all German Armed Forces. In the UK, he would be Chief of the Defence Staff and in the US, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Karl's cousin Lothar de Maizière was the only democratically elected Prime Minister of the German Democratic Republic.

He later taught at the University of Leipzig.

Szczecin Lagoon

The Szczecin Lagoon (Polish name) or Stettin Lagoon (German name) or Lagoon of the Oder River is an inland water basin found in the southwestern part of the Baltic Sea. It is shared by Germany and Poland. These are the towns that can be found at the Szczecin Lagoon: Świnoujście, Ueckermünde, Wolin (town) and Nowe Warpno.


Othmarsingen

Othmarsingen is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Reinach

Reinach could mean:


A surname:


Reinach, Aargau

Reinach is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Reitnau

Reitnau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipality of Attelwil merged into the municipality of Reitnau.


Lava dome

In volcanology, a lava dome or plug dome is a round-shaped mound created by the eruption of viscous lava by a volcano.

Lava domes are formed when erupting lava is too thick to flow and makes a steep-sided mound as the lava piles up near the volcanic vent. Lava domes have formed in Mount St. Helens and experts say a lava dome is growing inside the Shinmoedake volcano in Japan.

Rekingen

Rekingen was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Volcanic eruption

A volcanic eruption occurs when hot materials from the Earth's interior are thrown out of a volcano. Lava, rocks, dust, and gas compounds are some of these "ejecta".

It is worth remembering that the Earth below its solid cruse is still very hot, even after its long existence (over 4,000 million years). 

Eruptions can come from side branches or from the top of the volcano. Some eruptions are terrible explosions that throw out huge amounts of rock and volcanic ash and can kill many people. Some are quiet outflows of hot lava. Several more complex types of volcanic eruptions have been described by volcanologists. These are often named after famous volcanoes where that type of eruption has been seen. Some volcanoes may show only one type of eruption during a period of activity, while others may show a range of types in a series.

The Volcanic Explosivity Index (commonly shortened VEI) is a scale, from 0 to 8, for measuring the strength of eruptions. It is used by the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program to assess historic and prehistoric lava flows. It works in a way similar to the Richter scale for earthquakes: each interval in value is a tenfold increase in magnitude (it is logarithmic). Most volcanic eruptions are of VEIs between 0 and 2.

Volcanic eruptions by VEI index


Remetschwil

Remetschwil is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Remigen

Remigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gifford Pinchot National Forest

The Gifford Pinchot National Forest is a United States National Forest in Washington, USA. It has of land. The forest includes the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, which takes up of the property.

Rietheim, Aargau

Rietheim was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Cascade Range

The Cascade Range is a mountain range in western North America. It goes from Northern California, through Oregon and Washington, and ends in British Columbia, Canada. The range includes the Western Cascades in northern California and the North and Canadian Cascades in Washington State and Canada. 

The highest mountain in the cascades is Mount Rainier at 14,411 feet or 4,392 metres. 

The Cascade range was formed by thousands of small, short-lived volcanoes that built a platform of lava and volcanic debris. Rising above this volcanic platform are a few strikingly large volcanoes, like Mount St. Helens, that dominate the landscape.

The fundamental reason for all these mountains on the western side of the Americas is the steady movement of the great landmasses away from Eurasia and Africa. The process of continental drift is fuelled by the production of sea-floor material at the mid-Atlantic trench. The landmasses of the Americas have buckled the edges of the Pacific plates, resulting in the continual volcanic build-up of mountains on the western side of the continents. The Cascade Volcanic Arc made its first appearance 36 million years ago. The major volcanic peaks today were born in the last 1.6 million years. More than 3,000 vents erupted during the most recent volcanic episode that began 5 million years ago. As long as subduction continues, new Cascade volcanoes will continue to rise.

As the oceanic slab sinks deep into the Earth's interior beneath the continental plate, high temperatures and pressures allow water molecules locked in the minerals of solid rock to escape. The water vapor rises into the pliable mantle above the subducting plate, causing some of the mantle to melt. This newly formed magma rises toward the Earth's surface to erupt, forming a chain of volcanoes.


Riniken

Riniken is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rohr

Rohr could mean any of the following:






Rohr, Aargau

Rohr was a municipality of the district of Aarau in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. Since 2009 Rohr is a part of the city of Aarau.

Rothrist

Rothrist is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rottenschwil

Rottenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg

Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rüfenach

Rüfenach is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival

Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, best known as just Coachella, is an annual three-day music festival held in Indio, California. It has taken place every year since the first year in 1999, except in the year 2000. It has had artists ranging from Rage Against the Machine to Nickel Creek. The 2014 festival will have 184 artists.

Rümikon

Rümikon was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Welwel

Welwel is an oasis in Ethiopia, near Somalia. It used to be called Walwal. Walwal was where a border dispute happened with Italy. Mussolini used the dispute as an excuse to start a war against Ethiopia.

Arctic Cordillera

The Arctic Cordillera is a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of North America from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador. It is the only major mountain range in Canada east of the Rocky Mountains. The range has a surface area of . Its highest point is at Barbeau Peak.


Fort Banks

Fort Banks (also known as the Eastern Command Fixed Defences), is an old World War II fort that was used to protect the entrance to Botany Bay. The fort is located north of Cape Banks in La Perouse, New South Wales Australia.

Just before WWII, a small section of land on the Cape Banks Headland that was owned by the New South Wales Golf Club was used by the Australian Army to build a fort. The fort was made so that it could protect Sydney from an attack by a foreign navy ship. The fort had two BL 9.2 inch Mark 10 cannons that were put into concrete gun emplacements (pictured) and barracks that were finished just before the start of WWII. During WWII the Henry Head Battery was also reopened and had two BL 6 inch cannons. 

Rupperswil

Rupperswil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Safenwil

Safenwil is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Sarmenstorf

Sarmenstorf is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Schafisheim

Schafisheim is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Scherz

Scherz was a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Scherz merged into the municipality of Lupfig.

Schinznach-Bad

Schinznach-Bad was a municipality in Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, Schinznach-Bad became part of Brugg.

Schinznach-Dorf

Schinznach-Dorf was a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Schinznach-Dorf and Oberflachs merged into the new municipality of Schinznach.

Schlossrued

Schlossrued is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Schmiedrued

Schmiedrued is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Schneisingen

Schneisingen is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Schöftland

Schöftland is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Schupfart

Schupfart is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Black-eyed Susan

Black-eyed Susan "Rudbeckia" is one of at least four genera within the flowering plant family Asteraceae whose members are commonly known as coneflowers.
Blackeyed Susan is a common Missouri native wildflower which typically occurs in open woods, prairies, fields, roadsides and waste areas throughout the State.

The name was given by Carolus Linneaus in honor of his teacher at Uppsala University, Professor Olof Rudbeck the Younger (1660-1740), and his father, Professor Olof Rudbeck the Elder (1630-1702), both of whom were botanists. 


Schwaderloch

Schwaderloch is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Seengen

Seengen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Seon, Aargau

Seon is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Siglistorf

Siglistorf is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lenzburg (disambiguation)

Lenzburg is a town in Switzerland. The term may also refer to:



Lenzburg

Lenzburg is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. It is the capital city of the district. The town was founded in the Middle Ages. It is in the Seetal valley, about south of the Aare delta. Lenzburg and the municipalities of Niederlenz and Staufen have merged over time. The city name refers to the name of the castle which can be translated as "spring castle".

As of 31 December 2010, Lenzburg about 8,341 people lived in Lenzburg. Lenzburg is about west of Zürich. Many people living in Lenzburg go to Zürich to work.

The district of in area is in a valley between two ranges of minor limestone mountains which rise about above the otherwise flat valley. The two major mountains are Während der Schlossberg at above sea-level with a diameter of only , and the nearby Goffersberg at above sea-level which is only long and has a broad plateau wide. Lenzburg grew together with the nearby communities into a regional area

Nearby municipalities are Rupperswil in the northwest, Niederlenz and Möriken Wildegg in the north; Othmarsingen in the northeast, Hendschiken in the east, Ammerswil in the southeast, Egliswil the south, Seon in the southwest as well as Staufen in the west.

The area has a long history. A neolithic cemetery with 16 chambered tombs built about 3,800 years ago was found near the castle in 1959.

A Roman theatre was uncovered when the motorway was built in 1964. It was built about 100 AD. It could seat an audience of about 4,000 people. It was part of a small village of 400 to 600 people that existed for about 200 years. The village was built on either side of the road for a distance of about 400 metres. There were shops, taverns, and small factories making wood and leather products. Behind these building were houses and farms. It is possible that there was a small fort in the village. The first buildings were wooden but these were destroyed in a fire at the end of the first century. The new buildings were made of stone. The village was abandoned in the 3rd century.
In the 5th and 6th centuries, an Alamanni village existed. The oldest registered usage of the name "Lencis" (from which Lenzburg derives) is from 893. In 1036, Castle Lenzburg became the seat for the count of Lenzburg, then an important lord. The family died out in 1173, and the castle was then owned by emperor Frederick Barbarossa. After this, it was mainly used by the Kyburger house. The Habsburgs took over the castle in 1273.

City rights were granted in 1306. Lenzburg was conquered by Bern in 1415, along with the western part of what is now Aargau. Bern did not take away its city rights. In 1433, the city of Bern bought the castle and used it to govern the area from 1444 to 1798. A major fire ruined the town in 1491. Only fifteen houses were not destroyed. The reformation was carried out at the same time with the rest of the region in 1528. The economy started to move slowly from a farming economy to a more industrial one in the 16th century. A textile factory was founded in 1732.

In 1798, the Helvetian Republic was made and the lords from Bern were removed. The canton of Aargau was founded and Lenzburg became the capital of the district in 1803. The canton gained the castle in 1804. Lenzburg became the economic center of the area in the 19th century. In 1875, Lenzburg was added to the railway system. Competition for trade became too much and Lenzburg became bankrupt only one year later. The town recovered from bankruptcy during the next 10 years.

In 1886, the German playwright, Frank Wedekind lived in the castle which his father had bought. It was sold in 1892 to August Edward Jessup from Philadelphia who spent a lot of money restoring the castle. He sold it to a Chicago banker, James W. Ellsworth in 1911. Ellsworth's son, Lincoln Ellsworth and Roald Amundsen used the castle to plan their polar explorations in the 1920s.

The main place to see in the town is the Lenzburg castle. It was built in the 11th century and has been added onto several times. Lenzburg is among the oldest and most important high-castles in Switzerland. Some of the city wall has been kept and is now under protection. Some interesting buildings are in the old part of town. These include:

Lenzburg is an important economic centre. It contains over 800 companies. Most of the businesses are small to medium sized, but some worldwide companies are established in Lenzburg, for example the global Asea Brown Boveri (ABB). About 6,000 people work in Lenzburg.

Lenzburg is a good place for transportation. It is about from Zürich with access to the A1, Switzerland's most important motorway. Two main axes of traffic cross in Lenzburg, one running from Waldshut to Lucerne and the other running from Zurich to Berne.

Some of the trains from Zurich to Berne stop in Lenzburg. Lenzburg is part of the Suburban rail system of Zurich. Other trains connect the city to Brugg, Lucerne, Zofingen and Zug. The line to Wettingen was closed, because of low traffic. The trains were replaced by a commuter line from Zurich (which runs to Aarau).

Zürich International Airport is close to the town of Lenzburg. The local bus "Regionalbus Lenzburg" leads to the municipalities of Brunegg, Dintikon, Möriken-Wildegg, Schafisheim and Seengen. Lenzburg has an urban bus system as well.

For over 400 years, the youth celebration ("Jugendfest") is the largest event in Lenzburg. It takes place every year on the second Friday of July. In August, the "Gauklerfestival" takes place in the streets of the old part of town with food and entertainment on the streets of the city.



Aurora (aircraft)

The Aurora (supposedly called the SR-91 Aurora) is a possible surveillance aircraft. No one knows if it ever existed. Supposedly, it was meant for trying out hypersonic flight, or speeds above 5 times the speed of sound. The name "Aurora" was used for the aircraft because in 1985, it appeared on an American military funding list. It might have been to replace the SR-71 Blackbird.

In 1989, a man named Chris Gibson was working on an oil rig when he saw a KC-135 Stratotanker, two F-111 Aardvarks, and a triangle-shaped craft refueling. He did not know what it was. During 1991 in Southern California, there were a lot of sonic booms being heard. There was also a pulse coming out of the engine. The most recent sighting was in 2006.


The Oprah Winfrey Show

The Oprah Winfrey Show was an American talk show which had Oprah Winfrey as the host. It began on September 8, 1986, and has since become one of the most famous talk shows in the world. The show ended on May 25, 2011 after 25 seasons. It won 47 Daytime Emmy Awards.

Notable guests on her show were:

Rheinfelden, Switzerland

Rheinfelden is a city and municipality of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden. It is east of Basel. The name means the fields of the Rhine, as the town is on the Hochrhein. It is home to Feldschlösschen, the most popular beer in Switzerland. The city is across the river from Rheinfelden in Baden-Württemberg; the two cities were joined until Napoleon Bonaparte fixed the German–Swiss border on the Rhine in 1802 and are still socially and economically tied.

The old town of Rheinfelden is on the Rhine river. The Rhine can be traveled down by ship from Rheinfelden all the way to the North Sea.

The area around Rheinfelden was already settled about 10,000 years ago. At that time, people lived in the "Hermitage", a small natural cave next to the current highway. In the year 45 BC, a few kilometers west, the village Augusta Raurica was made, the first Roman town in Switzerland, near modern Kaiseraugst. Towards the end of the 4th century, a fort was built at the western settlement.

During the 17th century, there was very little time during which the city enjoyed peace. During the Rappenkrieg (a peasant uprising that lasted from 1612 until 1614), the city was ruined. Between 1633 and 1638, the Thirty Years' War reached Fricktal, where Rheinfelden played a big role. On 15 July 1633, Swedish and French troops ruined the city. On 5 February 1638, the city was put under attack by Protestant troops sent by Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar. On 28 February, the Battle of Rheinfelden began, as the city was attacked by the bigger Imperial and Bavarian troops sent by Johann von Werth and Federigo Savelli. The Protestants lost this battle and moved on. Bernhard brought them weapons, but in the second passage on 3 March they were defeated, as he and his men unexpectedly re-appeared on the battlefield, with Savelli and Werth falling into captivity.

By the end of the Thirty Years' War, the Austrians had built a fortress on the island to secure the southwestern border of the Breisgau. In 1678, French troops sent by François de Créquy fired at the city. In 1745, during the War of the Austrian Succession, the French made a fortress on the same ground and also ruined part of the city wall. On 17 July 1796, Rheinfelden was again occupied and looted by the French.

Because of the Treaty of Campo Formio in 1797, the Fricktal became a protectorate of the French, making the front line between the French Revolutionary and the Austrian troops in the War of the Second Coalition. On 20 February 1802, Rheinfelden was made the capital city of the new Canton of Fricktal, joining the Helvetic Republic in August, the point at which the city became mostly Swiss. The seat of the cantonal government was here instead of in Laufenburg. With the beginning of the "Reichsdeputationshauptschluss" (the German Mediatisation), Napoleon Bonaparte removed the canton of Fricktal. Since 19 March 1803, Rheinfelden has been the capital of the district of the same name, in the canton of Aargau.


Klickitat

The Klickitat (also spelled Klikitat) are a Native American tribe of the Pacific Northwest. A Shahaptian tribe, their neighbors to the east were the Yakama, who speak a closely related language. Their neighbors to the west are the Salishan and Chinookan tribes. Their name has been used for naming places like Klickitat County, Washington, Klickitat, Washington, and the Klickitat River, a tributary of the Columbia River. 

Arzo

Arzo was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Ascona

Ascona is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Astano

Astano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Lugano District

Lugano is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The district of Lugano has 98 municipalities divided in 12 circles:

Locarno District

Locarno is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The district of Locarno has 40 municipalities divided in 7 circles:

Vallemaggia District

Vallemaggia is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Cevio.


Bellinzona District

Bellinzona is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Riviera District

Riviera is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Biasca.


Blenio District

Blenio is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Acquarossa.

Leventina District

Leventina is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Faido.

Sapir-Whorf hypothesis

The Sapir–Whorf hypothesis is a linguistic idea which claims that the language people speak changes the way they think and act.

Icosahedron

An icosahedron is a polyhedron (a three dimensional shape) that is made of triangles and has twenty sides.

There are many kinds of icosahedra, with some being more symmetrical than others. The best known is the regular icosahedron, a Platonic solid made of equilateral triangles.

There are two objects, one convex and one concave, that can both be called regular icosahedra. Each has 30 edges and 20 equilateral triangle faces with five meeting at each of its twelve vertices. Both have the same symmetry so that their vertices are at similar places. The term "regular icosahedron" usually refers to the convex icosahedron, while the nonconvex form is called a "great icosahedron".

The convex regular icosahedron is usually simply called the "regular icosahedron". It is one of the five regular Platonic solids, and it is represented by its Schläfli symbol {3, 5}, containing 20 triangular faces, with 5 faces meeting around each vertex.

Its dual polyhedron is the regular dodecahedron {5, 3} which has three regular pentagonal faces around each vertex.

The great icosahedron is one of the four regular star Kepler-Poinsot polyhedra. Its Schläfli symbol is formula_1. Like the convex form, it also has 20 equilateral triangle faces, but its vertex figure is a pentagram rather than a pentagon, leading to geometrically intersecting faces. The intersections of the triangles do not represent new edges.

Its dual polyhedron is the great stellated dodecahedron (formula_2), having three regular star pentagonal faces around each vertex.

Stellation is the process of extending the faces or edges of a polyhedron until they meet to form a new polyhedron. It is done symmetrically so that the resulting figure retains the overall symmetry of the parent figure.

In their book "The Fifty-Nine Icosahedra", Coxeter et al. enumerated 58 such stellations of the regular icosahedron.

Of these, many have a single face in each of the 20 face planes and so are also icosahedra. The great icosahedron is among them.

Other stellations have more than one face in each plane or form compounds of simpler polyhedra. These are not strictly icosahedra, although they are often referred to as such.

Octahedron

An octahedron is a polyhedron made of eight faces. In the case of the regular octahedron, these faces are triangles. The octahedron looks like two pyramids, which share the same base. 
In chemistry, octahedra are common: diamonds and fluorite are examples of crystals that are octahedra.

If the edge length of a regular octahedron is "a", the radius of a circumscribed sphere (one that touches the octahedron at all vertices) is

and the radius of an inscribed sphere (tangent to each of the octahedron's faces) is

while the midradius, which touches the middle of each edge, is

The "octahedron" has four special orthogonal projections, centered, on an edge, vertex, face, and normal to a face. The second and third correspond to the B and A Coxeter planes.
The octahedron can also be represented as a spherical tiling, and projected onto the plane via a stereographic projection. This projection is conformal, preserving angles but not areas or lengths. Straight lines on the sphere are projected as circular arcs on the plane.

An octahedron with edge length can be placed with its center at the origin and its vertices on the coordinate axes; the Cartesian coordinates of the vertices are then

In an "x"–"y"–"z" Cartesian coordinate system, the octahedron with center coordinates ("a", "b", "c") and radius "r" is the set of all points ("x", "y", "z") such that

The surface area "A" and the volume "V" of a regular octahedron of edge length "a" are:

Thus the volume is four times that of a regular tetrahedron with the same edge length, while the surface area is twice (because we have 8 rather than 4 triangles).

If an octahedron has been stretched so that it obeys the equation

the formulas for the surface area and volume expand to become

Additionally the inertia tensor of the stretched octahedron is

These reduce to the equations for the regular octahedron when

The interior of the compound of two dual tetrahedra is an octahedron, and this compound, called the stella octangula, is its first and only stellation. Correspondingly, a regular octahedron is the result of cutting off from a regular tetrahedron, four regular tetrahedra of half the linear size (i.e. rectifying the tetrahedron). The vertices of the octahedron lie at the midpoints of the edges of the tetrahedron, and in this sense it relates to the tetrahedron in the same way that the cuboctahedron and icosidodecahedron relate to the other Platonic solids. One can also divide the edges of an octahedron in the ratio of the golden mean to define the vertices of an icosahedron. This is done by first placing vectors along the octahedron's edges such that each face is bounded by a cycle, then similarly partitioning each edge into the golden mean along the direction of its vector. There are five octahedra that define any given icosahedron in this fashion, and together they define a "regular compound".

Octahedra and tetrahedra can be alternated to form a vertex, edge, and face-uniform tessellation of space, called the octet truss by Buckminster Fuller. This is the only such tiling save the regular tessellation of cubes, and is one of the 28 convex uniform honeycombs. Another is a tessellation of octahedra and cuboctahedra.

The octahedron is unique among the Platonic solids in having an even number of faces meeting at each vertex. Consequently, it is the only member of that group to possess mirror planes that do not pass through any of the faces.

Using the standard nomenclature for Johnson solids, an octahedron would be called a "square bipyramid". Truncation of two opposite vertices results in a square bifrustum.

The octahedron is 4-connected, meaning that it takes the removal of four vertices to disconnect the remaining vertices. It is one of only four 4-connected simplicial well-covered polyhedra, meaning that all of the maximal independent sets of its vertices have the same size. The other three polyhedra with this property are the pentagonal dipyramid, the snub disphenoid, and an irregular polyhedron with 12 vertices and 20 triangular faces.

There are 3 uniform colorings of the octahedron, named by the triangular face colors going around each vertex: 1212, 1112, 1111.

The octahedron's symmetry group is O, of order 48, the three dimensional hyperoctahedral group. This group's subgroups include D (order 12), the symmetry group of a triangular antiprism; D (order 16), the symmetry group of a square bipyramid; and T (order 24), the symmetry group of a rectified tetrahedron. These symmetries can be emphasized by different colorings of the faces.
It has eleven arrangements of nets.

The octahedron is the dual polyhedron to the cube.

The uniform tetrahemihexahedron is a tetrahedral symmetry faceting of the regular octahedron, sharing edge and vertex arrangement. It has four of the triangular faces, and 3 central squares.


Rounder Records

Rounder Records is an American record label that formed in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1970. Since then, it has moved to Burlington, Massachusetts. Over the years, some of the artists and bands that have been signed to the label include Alison Krauss, Ween, and Bela Fleck.

Columbia Records

Columbia Records is an American record label that formed in 1888. It is the oldest existing record company in the world.

Its parent company is now Sony Music Entertainment. Over the years, some of the artists and bands that have been signed to the label include Aretha Franklin, System of a Down, Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan, Bela Fleck, Janis Joplin, Paul McCartney, John Lennon, Prince, Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and hundreds of other artists.


List of Columbia Records artists

A partial list of artists who have recorded for Columbia Records or EMI's Columbia label include:






Origin of life

The origin of life on Earth is a scientific problem which is not yet solved. There are many ideas, but few clear facts.

Most experts agree that all life today evolved by common descent from a single primitive lifeform. It is not known how this early life form evolved, but scientists think it was a natural process which happened about 3,900 million years ago. This is in accord with the philosophy of naturalism: only natural causes are admitted.

It is not known if metabolism came first or genetics. The main hypothesis which supports genetics first is the RNA world hypothesis, and the one which supports metabolism first is the protein world hypothesis.

Another big problem is how cells developed. Melvin Calvin, winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, wrote a book on the subject, and so did Alexander Oparin. What links most of the early work on the origin of life is the idea that before life began there must have been a process of chemical change. Another question which has been discussed by J.D. Bernal and others is the origin of the cell membrane. By concentrating the chemicals in one place, the cell membrane performs a vital function.

What we call life has only been verified in things that include RNA, mechanisms for encoding and decoding RNA, and mechanisms for building proteins from amino acids.

The earliest claimed lifeforms are fossilized microorganisms (or microfossils). They were found in iron and silica-rich rocks which were once hydrothermal vents in the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt of Quebec, Canada.

These rocks are as old as 4.28 billion years. The tubular forms they contain are shown in a report. If this is the oldest record of life on Earth, it suggests "an almost instantaneous emergence of life" after oceans formed 4.4 billion years ago. According to Stephen Blair Hedges, "If life arose relatively quickly on Earth… then it could be common in the universe".

A scientific study from 2002 showed that geological formations of stromatolites 3.45 billion years old contain fossilized cyanobacteria. At the time it was widely agreed that stromatolites were the oldest known lifeforms on Earth which had left a record of its existence. Therefore, if life originated on Earth, this happened sometime between 4.4 billion years ago, when water vapor first liquefied, and 3.5 billion years ago. This is the background to the latest discovery discussed above.

The earliest evidence of life comes from the Isua supercrustal belt in Western Greenland, and from similar formations in the nearby Akilia Islands. This is because a high level of the lighter isotope of carbon is found there. Living things take up lighter isotopes because this takes less energy. Carbon entering into rock formations has a concentration of elemental δC of about −5.5. of C, biomass has a δC of between −20 and −30. These isotopic fingerprints are preserved in the rocks. With this evidence, Mojzis suggested that life existed on the planet already by 3.85 billion years ago. Against that view is the evidence that our Solar System is very unusual in several respects. For example, it is clear that most star systems have their largest planet close to their star.

A few scientists think life might have been carried from planet to planet by the transport of spores. This idea, now known as panspermia, was first put forward by Arrhenius.

Until the early 19th century many people believed in the regular spontaneous generation of life from non-living matter. This was called spontaneous generation, and was disproved by Louis Pasteur. He showed that without spores no bacteria or viruses grew on sterile material.

In a letter to Joseph Dalton Hooker on 11 February 1871, Charles Darwin proposed a "natural process" for the origin of life.

He suggested that the original spark of life may have begun in a "warm little pond, with all sorts of ammonia and phosphoric salts, lights, heat, electricity, etc. A protein compound was then chemically formed ready to undergo still more complex changes". He went on to explain that "at the present day such matter would be instantly devoured or absorbed, which would not have been the case before living creatures were formed".

No real progress was made until 1924 when Alexander Oparin reasoned that atmospheric oxygen prevented the synthesis of the organic molecules. Organic molecules are the necessary building blocks for the evolution of life. In his "The Origin of Life", Oparin argued that a "primordial soup" of organic molecules could be created in an oxygen-less atmosphere through the action of sunlight. These would combine in ever-more complex fashions until they formed droplets. These droplets would "grow" by fusion with other droplets, and "reproduce" through fission into daughter droplets, and so have a primitive metabolism in which those factors which promote "cell integrity" survive, those that do not become extinct. Many modern theories of the origin of life still take Oparin's ideas as a starting point.

Around the same time J.B.S. Haldane also suggested that the Earth's pre-biotic oceans, which were very different from what oceans are now, would have formed a "hot dilute soup". In this soup, organic compounds, the building blocks of life, could have formed. This idea was called "biopoiesis", the process of living matter evolving from self-replicating but nonliving molecules.

There is almost no geological record from before 3.8 billion years ago. The environment that existed in the Hadean era was hostile to life, but how much so is not known. There was a time, between 3.8 and 4.1 billion years ago, which is known as the Late Heavy Bombardment. It is so named because many lunar craters are thought to have formed then. The situation on other planets, such as Earth, Venus, Mercury and Mars must have been similar. These impacts would likely sterilize the Earth (kill all life), if it existed at that time.

Several people have suggested that the chemicals in the cell give clues as to what the early seas must have been like. In 1926, Macallum noted that the inorganic composition of the cell cytosol dramatically differs from that of modern sea water: "the cell… has endowments transmitted from a past almost as remote as the origin of life on earth". For example: "All cells contain much more potassium, phosphate, and transition metals than modern ... oceans, lakes, or rivers". "Under the anoxic, CO-dominated primordial atmosphere, the chemistry of inland basins at geothermal fields would [be like the chemistry inside] modern cells".

If life evolved in the deep ocean, near a hydrothermal vent, it could have originated as early as 4 to 4.2 billion years ago. If, on the other hand, life originated at the surface of the planet, a common opinion is it could only have done so between 3.5 and 4 billion years ago.

Lazcano and Miller (1994) suggest that the pace of molecular evolution was dictated by the rate of recirculating water through mid-ocean submarine vents. Complete recirculation takes 10 million years, so any organic compounds produced by then would be altered or destroyed by temperatures exceeding 300 °C. They estimate that the development of a 100 kilobase genome of a DNA/protein primitive heterotroph into a 7000 gene filamentous cyanobacterium would have required only 7 million years.

Originally, the atmosphere of Earth had almost no free oxygen. It gradually changed to what it is today, over a very long time (see Great Oxygenation Event). The process began with cyanobacteria. They were the first organisms to make free oxygen by photosynthesis. Most organisms today need oxygen for their metabolism; only a few can use other sources for respiration.

So it is expected that the first proto-organisms were chemoautotrophs, and did not use aerobic respiration. They were anaerobic.

There is no "standard model" on how life started. Most accepted models are built on molecular biology and cell biology:

The origin of the basic biomolecules, while not settled, is less controversial than the significance and order of steps 2 and 3. The basic chemicals from which life is thought to have formed are:
Molecular oxygen (O) and ozone (O) were either rare or absent.


Bernal suggested that evolution may have started early, some time between Stage 1 and 2.

There are three sources of organic molecules on the early Earth: 

Estimates of these sources suggest that the heavy bombardment before 3.5 billion years ago made available quantities of organics comparable to those produced by other energy sources.

In 1953 a graduate student, Stanley Miller, and his professor, Harold Urey, performed an experiment that showed how organic molecules could have formed on early Earth from inorganic precursors.

The now-famous Miller–Urey experiment used a highly reduced mixture of gases – methane, ammonia and hydrogen – to form basic organic monomers, such as amino acids. We do know now that for more than the first half of the Earth's history its atmosphere had almost no oxygen.

In the 1950s and 1960s, Sidney W. Fox studied the spontaneous formation of peptide structures under conditions that might have existed early in Earth's history. He demonstrated that amino acids could by itself form small peptides. These amino acids and small peptides could be encouraged to form closed spherical membranes, called microspheres.

Some scientists have suggested special conditions which could make cell synthesis easier.

A clay model for the origin of life was suggested by A. Graham Cairns-Smith. Clay theory suggests complex organic molecules arose gradually on a pre-existing non-organic platform, namely, silicate crystals in solution.

In the 1970s, Thomas Gold proposed the theory that life first developed not on the surface of the Earth, but several kilometers below the surface. The discovery in the late 1990s of nanobes (filamental structures that are smaller than bacteria, but that may contain DNA in deep rocks) might support Gold's theory.

It is now reasonably well established that microbial life is plentiful at shallow depths in the Earth (up to five kilometers below the surface) in the form of extremophile archaea, rather than the better-known eubacteria (which live in more accessible conditions).

Gold asserted that a trickle of food from a deep, unreachable, source is needed for survival because life arising in a puddle of organic material is likely to consume all of its food and become extinct. Gold's theory was that the flow of food is due to out-gassing of primordial methane from the Earth's mantle.

Self-organization and self-replication are the hallmark of living systems. Non-living molecules sometimes show those features under proper conditions. For example, Martin and Russel showed that cell membranes separating contents from the environment and self-organization of self-contained redox reactions are the most conserved attributes of living things. They argue that inorganic matter like that would be life's most likely last common ancestor.

In this hypothesis, RNA is said to work both as an enzyme and as a container of genes. Later, DNA took over its genetic role.

The RNA world hypothesis proposes that life based on ribonucleic acid (RNA) pre-dates the current world of life based on deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), RNA and proteins. RNA is able both to store genetic information, like DNA, and to catalyze chemical reactions, like an enzyme. It may have supported pre-cellular life and been a major step towards cellular life.

There are some pieces of evidence which support this idea:

This idea suggests that proteins worked as enzymes first, producing metabolism. After that DNA and RNA began to work as containers of genes.

This idea also has some evidences which supports this.

In this scheme membranes made of lipid bilayers occur early on. Once organic chemicals are enclosed, more complex biochemistry is then possible.

This is the idea suggested by Arrhenius, and developed by Fred Hoyle, that life developed elsewhere in the universe and arrived on Earth in the form of spores. This is not a theory of how life began, but a theory of how it might have spread. It may have spread, for example, by meteorites.

Some propose that early Mars was a better place to start life than was the early Earth. The molecules which combined to form genetic material are more complex than the "primordial soup" of organic (carbon-based) chemicals that existed on Earth four billion years ago. If RNA was the first genetic material, then minerals containing boron and molybdenum could assist in its formation. These minerals were much more common on Mars than on Earth.

None of these ideas has much support. The overwhelming view is that Earth is ideally suited for life, and life evolved here.


Timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season

Below is a timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, listing all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation. The 2006 Atlantic hurricane season was a season in which an El Niño event stopped much tropical cyclone activity, especially later in the season. The season officially began on June 1, 2006, and lasted until November 30. For convenience and clarity, in the timeline below, all landfalls are bolded. The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on, have been included.

The graphical bar above gives a brief overview of storm activity during the season, and for convenience, the storm's maximum intensity is included as a color bar. Tropical Storm Zeta from 2005 persisted into 2006, therefore a January section has been included in the text timeline.










Atlantic Standard Time Zone

The Atlantic Standard Time Zone (AST) is a geographic region that keeps time by subtracting four hours from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), resulting in GMT-4 (UTC-4). The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the 60th degree meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.

The Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island keep time by subtracting four hours from UTC. So does Bermuda, an island territory in the North Atlantic. In the summer, both places use daylight saving time. They keep "Atlantic Daylight Time (ADT)" (UTC-3) in the summer.

Other parts of the world that keep time by subtracting four hours from UTC include: many Caribbean islands, including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and several South American countries, such as Paraguay, Chile, Bolivia, and parts of Brazil. Venezuela used AST until December 9, 2007, when it switched to , but switched back to AST on May 1, 2016, at 2:30 a.m. local time.


Figueirense FC

Figueirense Futebol Clube, also known as Figueirense, is a Brazilian football team in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina.

In 1921, the club was founded as Figueirense Football Club.

In 1932 the team won their first state championship.

From 1935 to 1937, Figueirense was three times in a row Catarinense champion.

In 1973, Figueirense was the first team of Santa Catarina state in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

In 1987, the club played at Campeonato Catarinense Second Division, and won the promotion to the First Division.

In 2001, the club was Campeonato Brasileiro Second Division runner-up, and was promoted to the following year's First Division.

From 2002 to 2004, Figueirense was three times in a row Campeonato Catarinense champion.

The stadium of Figueirense is Estádio Orlando Scarpelli. It was built in 1961. Its a maximum capacity is 19,908 people.




C Sharp (programming language)

C# (pronounced "see sharp") is a computer programming language. It is developed by Microsoft. It was created to use all capacities of the .NET platform. The first version was released in 2001. The most recent version is C# 11, which was released in November 2022, alongside .NET 7. C# is a modern language. C#'s development team is led by Anders Hejlsberg, the creator of Delphi.


Today, C# can be run on most platforms (Windows, Linux, macOS, etc.) without changing the source code. C# can be run on the Xbox 360 platform with a special framework.

C# code is similar to C++ and Java code. The CLR (Common Language Runtime) is needed in order to run a C# program.

/* This is a simple program in C#. 
using System;
namespace HelloWorld

 * This program asks for input from the user, i.e. a name. It then prints "Hello [name]", replacing [name] with whatever the person typed in.
using System;
namespace HelloWorld

C# can be edited in a number of IDEs (Integrated Development Environments), some of which are listed below:

Windows:
Mac OS X:
Unix/Linux:



Wilmington, North Carolina

Wilmington is a city in New Hanover County, North Carolina, United States. 

The population was around 115,000 during 2020. It is the county seat of New Hanover County. It was named in honor of Spencer Compton, the Earl of Wilmington, who was Prime Minister at the same time as George II was King of England.

It was the site of the 1898 insurrection where many white people killed African-American politicians in the city. It is seen as the only coup d'état on American soil.


Plantation Key

Plantation Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is in the upper Florida Keys on U.S. Route 1 (or the "Overseas Highway"), between Key Largo and Windley Key.

Oak Island, North Carolina

Oak Island, North Carolina is a town mostly on Oak Island (which also contains the town of Caswell Beach and the North Carolina Baptist Assembly at Fort Caswell) in Brunswick County, North Carolina; a small part of the town extends onto the mainland north of the island's bridge. 8,396 people lived there at the 2020 census. It was founded in 1999 by the consolidation of the towns of Long Beach and Yaupon Beach. Its main industry is tourism; the town has about 30,000-40,000 people in the summer.


Avegno, Switzerland

Avegno was a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, Avegno and Gordevio merged to form the new municipality of Avegno Gordevio.

In 1982, the Swiss Heritage Society gave the Wakker Prize to Avegno for the saving of its historical buildings.


Wakker Prize

The Wakker Prize (, , ) is given every year by the Swiss Heritage Society to a municipality of Switzerland for the making and saving of its historical buildings.

In 2005, the prize was given to the Swiss Federal Railways, rather than a municipality.

The prize is named for Henri-Louis Wakker, a Swiss banker and real estate entrepreneur. His will provided a considerable sum of money without conditions to the Swiss Heritage Society, which in 1972 created the Wakker Prize in his honor.


Ehrendingen

Ehrendingen is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ehrendingen was created on 1 January 2006, from the former municipalities of Oberehrendingen and Unterehrendingen.


Barbengo

Barbengo was a municipality until 2008, when it was moved to the municipality of Lugano, Lugano district in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Bedano

Bedano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Bedigliora

Bedigliora is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Hurricane Fabian

Hurricane Fabian was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that hit Bermuda in early September during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. Fabian was the sixth named storm, fourth hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season. 

Fabian developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 25. It moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north, and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear. The hurricane attained a peak intensity of 145 mph (230 km/h) on September 1, and it slowly weakened as it turned northward. On September 5, Fabian made a direct hit on the island of Bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph (195 km/h). After passing the island, the hurricane turned to the northeast, and became extratropical on September 8.

Fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit Bermuda since Hurricane Arlene in 1963. It was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926. The hurricane's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs throughout the island. A strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on Bermuda, temporarily closing the only link between two islands. The endangered Bermuda Petrel, better known as the Cahow, was threatened by the hurricane, which destroyed ten nests, although volunteer work transported the species to a safer location. Strong swells resulted in damage in northern Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, and also caused four people to drown along the United States' Atlantic coast. In all, Fabian caused around $300 million (2003 USD, $357 million in damage and eight deaths.

Because the devastating affects in Bermuda the name Fabian was retired. It was replaced by Fred in 2009.


Bedretto

Bedretto is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

High five

A high five is a hand gesture done with two people who want to express joy over an common achievement. The five refers to the five fingers on each hand. 

It might mean "Good Job!". High fives are not done because a person is mad at someone else, even though doing one may hurt.

To do a high five, both people open one hand and raise it, and slap them together. It is morally wrong to slap someone in the face, instead of the hand. Sometimes this is confusing. 

Depending on the situation, a high-five may be changed to a slap-n-slide of the palms also known as a dab-up.

One Person High Five: Clap/Clapping

Revolver (Beatles album)

Revolver is a 1966 album by British rock band The Beatles. It was their 7th album. Its front cover is a , designed by Klaus Voormann, an artist friend of the Beatles from Germany.

The album was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London, England. While most of the Beatles's records were made in Studio Two, it was being used for another project, so much of "Revolver" was made in Studio Three, which was much smaller and meant for use by soloists. Space was cramped, and the sound of the record was different from their earlier ones.

The album also got a different from earlier Beatles albums. The band felt free to "branch out" into new themes and ideas, that nobody had tried in a pop music recording before. "Taxman" commented on the tax system in England. "Eleanor Rigby" was about . "Yellow Submarine" became a hit with children. "Good Day Sunshine" and "Got to Get You Into My Life" were covered by other bands.

A few of the songs made references to drugs, particularly John Lennon's songs. "She Said She Said" was about a party in Los Angeles the Beatles had gone to, and had taken LSD. "Doctor Robert" was about a New York doctor (Charles Roberts) who sedatives and "feel-good" drugs for his patients. "Tomorrow Never Knows" came from Lennon's reading "The Psychedelic Experience", which adapted the "Tibetan Book of the Dead" as a drug-user's guide.

Beatles lead guitarist George Harrison was pleased to have three of his own songs included on "Revolver", "Taxman", "Love You To", and "I Want to Tell You". Most Beatles albums only had one or two Harrison songs. "Love You To" did not feature guitars, but Harrison instead played a sitar. World-famous sitarist Ravi Shankar heard the song, but did not like it, and offered to teach Harrison to play sitar properly. Shankar and Harrison went on to become lifelong friends.

Three songs from the album were "borrowed" by Capitol Records in the United States, and used on a compilation album, "Yesterday... and Today", which came out before "Revolver". The songs were "I'm Only Sleeping", "Doctor Robert", and "And Your Bird Can Sing". Capitol Records then released "Revolver" in a shortened version. The compact disc edition for sale today follows the original British version.

"Revolver" came out while the Beatles were on a concert tour. Bands normally perform songs from their latest album as a part of a concert. Strangely, the Beatles did not perform any "Revolver" songs on tour, but instead played the same music as on earlier tours. This got them criticism from some listeners. The tour also turned out to be the band's last. They played their final public concert in San Francisco, California on August 29, 1966.

Besazio

Besazio is a former municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Rip current

A rip current is a strong surface flow of water returning outward from near the shore (not to be confused with an undertow). It is often mistakenly called a "rip tide" or "riptide", which is a flow of water out of an inland lagoon or channel during an ebb tide. Colloquially a rip current is known simply as a rip. Although rip currents would exist even without the tides, tides can make an existing rip much more dangerous (especially low tide). Typical flow is at 0.5 meters per second (1-2 feet per second), and can be as fast as 2.5 meters per second (8 feet per second). Rip currents can move to different locations on a beach break, up to tens of metres (a few hundred feet) a day. They can happen at any beach with breaking waves, including the world's oceans, seas, and large lakes such as the Great Lakes in Canada and the United States. 

A rip current forms because wind and breaking waves push surface water towards the land. This causes a slight rise in the water level along the shore. This excess water will flow back to the open water via the easiest route. When there is an area which is a bit deeper, such as a break in an offshore sand bar or reef, this can let water flow offshore more quickly, forming a rip current.

Water that has been pushed up near the beach flows along the shore towards the outgoing rip as "longshore currents". The extra water flows out at a right angle to the beach, in a tight current called the "neck" of the rip. The "neck" is where the flow is fastest. When the water in the rip current reaches outside of the lines of breaking waves, the flow spreads sideways, loses power, and dissipates in what is known as the "head" of the rip.

Rip currents can form by the coasts of oceans, seas, and large lakes, whenever there are waves of high enough energy. Rip currents often occur on a gradually sloping shore, where breaking waves approach the shore parallel to it. The location of rip currents can be difficult to predict. Some tend to form always in the same places, but others can appear and disappear quickly at various locations along the beach. The appearance and disappearance of rip currents is dependent upon the shape of the bottom of the water body and the exact direction from which the waves are coming.


Bidogno

Bidogno was a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined together and became the municipality of Capriasca.


Biasca

Biasca is the capital of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The municipality lies at the entrance to the Blenio valley, 19 km north of Bellinzona, on the banks of the Brenno. About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo. The villages of Loderio, Ponte, Pontirone, Sant'Anna, and Valle are a part of Biasca.

Roman coins has been found in Biasca, which means that it had people living in it in old times.

The church of Biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 1400s and 1500s. It was built in 1213. A second Catholic church, the Rotonda di San Carlo, is a nice example of the modern building of the Milanese builder Macciacchini.

An avalanche from the Monte Crenone (now called Pizzo Magno) in 1512 buried many houses in Biasca and killed hundreds of people. This was one of the big avalanches in the Alps in modern times. It dammed the Brenno, forming a 14 kilometer long lake. This dam broke in the spring of 1514, flooding the Ticino valley to the Magadino plain.


Bioggio

Bioggio is a municipality of the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bioggio was created on 4 April 2004 from the merger of Bosco Luganese and Cimo. On 20 April 2008, Iseo used to be part of the municipality of Bioggio.


St. David's Island, Bermuda

St. David's Island is one of the main islands of Bermuda. It is located in the far north of the territory, one of the two similarly sized islands that makeup the majority of St. George's Parish.


St. John's International Airport

St. John's International Airport is 3 nautical miles (5.6 km) northwest of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The airport is part of the National Airports System, and is operated by St. John's International Airport Authority Inc.


Capitol Records

Capitol Records is an American major record label based in Hollywood, California. It was founded in 1942 by musician Johnny Mercer, with partners Buddy DeSylva and Glenn Wallichs. The company was later bought by EMI, a company based in England. The buyout gave Capitol's American recording artists an outlet for their records in England and Europe, while EMI's artists could sell their works in America.

Capitol's biggest-selling "imported" artist is The Beatles. When the Beatles had their first hits in England and Europe, Capitol Records did not want to market their recordings. Record producer George Martin turned instead to other American labels, trying to give the Beatles a hit record in America. Their records did not sell well in America at first, but "I Want to Hold Your Hand" became a hit through radio airplay of a British copy. Capitol Records changed their minds, released "I Want to Hold Your Hand", and it became a best-seller. Capitol then became the exclusive record label for the Beatles in America. When Universal Music sold Parlophone (the Beatles' British label) to Warner Music Group, Universal moved the Beatles' music to Capitol Records worldwide.

Capitol's Hollywood headquarters is in a building called the Capitol Tower. It is round, and built to resemble a stack of records. The building houses offices, and also Capitol's own recording studio, with large echo chambers under the building.

Today Capitol Records supervises many smaller record labels. Capitol and UMG are part of a larger company, named Vivendi.




Recording studio

A recording studio is a place prepared for the recording of music, or other sound media. Some studios are independent, but many are part of a larger business, like a record label. Independent studios may only record one band or set of performers, but may also lease time to outsiders. Some studios charge an hourly rate, while others charge by the project.

Recording studios are usually divided into three areas: a "live area" (with natural ) for recording groups, a "dead area" (with to prevent reverb and echoes) for vocals and soloists, and a control booth, to house the recording equipment. Studios are usually soundproofed, to keep outside noises from getting into recordings. and other objects are used inside studios, to isolate sound sources. room shapes are also used, to prevent "standing waves" and sound interference.

Early recording studios were not much different from radio studios, and the techniques used were , but this changed over the years. Recordings could present sounds in ways radio could not carry, and radio did not play only recordings, so the shift was natural. When recording was developed in the 1950s, radio stations did not need multitrack equipment, for example. (Today some radio stations have such equipment, but use it to pre-record material.)

After effects were developed, the natural sound of a recording space was ignored by many new studios. The people who operated them depended on effects to create the sound they wanted. Today the trend is back toward good natural sounds, with less processing.

Hamilton Parish, Bermuda

Hamilton Parish (originally Bedford Parish) is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It was renamed for Scottish aristocrat James Hamilton, 2nd Marquess of Hamilton (1589-1625) when he purchased the shares originally held in the Virginia Company by Lucy, Countess of Bedford.


The Causeway, Bermuda

The Causeway is a narrow strip of reclaimed land and bridges in the north of Bermuda linking Hamilton Parish on the mainland in the southwest and Bermuda International Airport on St. David's Island in St. George's Parish in the northeast, which are otherwise divided by Castle Harbour.


Southampton Parish, Bermuda

Southampton Parish is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It is named for Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton (1573-1624).


Joaquín Rodrigo

Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre, 1st Marquess of the Gardens of Aranjuez (; 22 November 1901 – 6 July 1999) was a Spanish composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist. Although he was blind from an early age, he became one of the most important Spanish composers of the 20th century. He wrote a lot of music for guitar, which helped classical guitar music worldwide to become more popular. His most famous work is a guitar concerto called "Concierto de Aranjuez".

Rodrigo became blind at the age of three after becoming ill with diphtheria. When he was eight he began to learn piano and violin. He also learned the guitar, but never became very good at it, although he was to compose some wonderful music for the instrument.

After studying music in Valencia he went to Paris where he studied with Paul Dukas in Paris. After a short time back in Spain he returned to Paris to study musicology, first under Maurice Emmanuel and then under André Pirro. In 1947 Rodrigo became a professor of music history in Madrid, a job that was made especially for him.

Rodrigo’s most famous work, "de Aranjuez", was composed in 1939 in Paris. It is a concerto for solo classical guitar and orchestra. There are three movements. The middle movement is a slow movement with a tune which is played on the cor anglais. It has become one of classical music’s best-loved tunes.

After the success of this piece several other musicians asked him to write concertos for them, e.g. the flautist James Galway, the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber and the guitarist Andrés Segovia, for whom he composed "Fantasía para un gentilhombre" in 1954. Another of his works is called "Concierto Andaluz," for four guitars and orchestra.

In 1991, Rodrigo was raised to the nobility by King Juan Carlos; he was given the title "Marqués de los Jardines de Aranjuez" (Marquis of the Gardens of Aranjuez). He was given the Prince of Asturias Award in 1996, the highest honour a Spanish civilian can get. He was made Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 1998.

He married Victoria Kamhi, a Turkish-born pianist, in 1933. They had a daughter called Cecilia. Rodrigo died in 1999 in Madrid at the age of 97. Joaquín Rodrigo and his wife Victoria are buried at the cemetery at Aranjuez.

Rodrigo composed about 170 works. These include 11 concertos, lots of pieces for choir, songs, piano music and guitar music. Like Manuel de Falla in the early 20th century, Rodrigo became the leading figure in Spanish music in the later part of the century. His music is not like most of the music that was being written in Europe at the time. At first his music was influenced by that of Stravinsky, Ravel and Granados, but later his personality gave it a special Spanish character. He had a lot of knowledge and wrote articles about lots of different arts subjects.



St. George's Parish, Bermuda

St. George's Parish is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It is named in honour of the patron saint of England, though it is indirectly regarded as being named for the founder of the Bermuda colony, Englishman Admiral Sir George Somers.


Cape Breton Island

Cape Breton Island (French: "île du Cap-Breton" - formerly "île Royale", Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Cheap Breatuinn", Míkmaq: "Únamakika", simply: "Cape Breton") is an island on the Atlantic coast of North America. It likely corresponds to the European word "Breton", referring to Brittany.


Focke-Wulf Fw 190

The Fw 190 was a German fighter aircraft made by Focke-Wulf during World War II. It first flew in 1939 and was introduced in 1941. Even though it was not sleek, it could still go 408 miles per hour (653 kilometers per hour). It was also called the Shrike and the Butcher Bird.

In 1942, Luftwaffe pilot Armin Faber landed by accident at a British airfield. They were then able to find out things about the aircraft.

The Focke-Wulf Fw-190 was a multirole fighter/bomber German aircraft. It could take down large bombers itself, and ambush enemy squadrons. It fought its way through British crowds of aircraft, and supported its allies. It was also able to attack and destroy ground targets, as it has a handy bomb, found under the fuselage. 

The FW 190 was 29 feet (8.84 meters) long, had a wingspan of 34 feet 5.5 inches (10.49 meters), was 13 feet (3.96 meters) high, weighed 7,055 pounds (3,200 kilograms) empty and 10,800 pounds (4,900 kilograms) operational. It could go 408 miles per hour (653 kilometers per hour), could fly up to 37,400 feet (11,410 meters), and could go 560 miles (900 kilometers) without refueling.

FW 109 was 1500 kg heavier than Bf 109. It was also faster (FW 190 A-8 was 16 kph faster than Bf 109 G-6) but it didn't climb as fast as Bf 109 (at 15 m/s compared to 17 m/s of Bf 109). FW 190 was much better armed than Bf 109 - it had 2 machine guns above the engine and four cannons in the wings. Bf 109 had only one cannon and two machine guns.



Warriors (book series)

Warriors is a series of fantasy fiction books written by Erin Hunter (a fake name that consists of five people: Victoria Holmes, Kate Cary, Cherith Baldry, Tui T. Sutherland, and Dan Jolley). The series is about the adventures of wild cats as they try to survive in their forest homes. The cats call themselves warriors. The series is made up of eight mini-series with six books in each series.

Seven field guides were also released. They give more information about the cats and their history. Fifteen "Super Edition" books have been released, with one more announced to be released in 2023. These books are double the length of the normal books. Seventeen manga books have been released. These are graphic novels that tell short stories not seen in the main books. There have also been many short stories.

The series focuses on five groups of cats that live in Clans, and their lives. They live by a set of rules called the warrior code. Each mini-series focuses on different characters.

The first mini-series centers around Rusty, a kittypet (housecat) who joins ThunderClan, and eventually becomes leader of it. The second mini-series focuses on the cats finding a new home after their old home was destroyed by Twolegs (humans). The third mini-series focuses on three cats who were born with special powers. The fourth mini-series focuses on two sisters, who work together to fight the ghosts of evil cats. The fifth mini-series shows how the Clans were created. The sixth mini-series focuses on the Clans trying to bring a new Clan to live with them, while fighting an evil group of rogues (stray cats). The seventh mini-series focuses on the Clans trying to defeat an evil ghost who has possessed ThunderClan's leader. The eighth mini-series focuses on the Clans remaking the code they live by.

The cats live in five groups called Clans: ThunderClan, RiverClan, WindClan, ShadowClan, and SkyClan. When Clan cats die, they go to StarClan (Heaven) or the Dark Forest/Place of No Stars (Hell). The first mini-series, the first two books of the second mini-series, and the fifth mini-series are set in a forest that the authors have said was based on the New Forest area of England. The rest of the second mini-series and the third, fourth, sixth, seventh, and eighth mini-series are set in a different forest that surrounds a lake.

The cats have a system of leadership that uses multiple role titles. The highest position is the Clan leader, and their assistant is called the deputy. The cats who heal the Clan with special plants are called medicine cats. Normal Clan cats are called warriors. Young cats in training to become a warrior or a medicine cat are called apprentices. Kittens are called kits. Old cats who have retired from their jobs are called elders. Cats who don't live in the Clans are called loners or rogues, and cats who live with humans are called kittypets.

The first mini-series is about the young kitten Rusty, who is later renamed Firestar. He rises to become the leader of ThunderClan.

The books in the "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin" series are:


The second mini-series is about several cats - Brambleclaw, Squirrelflight, Crowfeather, Tawnypelt, Feathertail, Stormfur, and Leafpool - who must save the Clans by finding a new home for them.


The third mini-series is about three ThunderClan cats - Jayfeather, Hollyleaf, and Lionblaze - who are born with special powers. In this series, it is shown that the ghosts of the Clan cats' old enemies are planning on taking revenge by coming back to life.


The fourth mini-series is about Jayfeather, Lionblaze, Dovewing, and Ivypool. They must bring the Clans together so that they can defeat the evil ghosts of the Clans' old enemies. 


The fifth mini-series is about how the five Clans were created. It centers around several cats: Gray Wing, Shadowstar, Windstar, Thunderstar, Riverstar, and Skystar. These cats all became the first leaders of their Clans.

The sixth mini-series shows how Alderheart and Twigbranch of ThunderClan and Violetshine of ShadowClan brought a new Clan, SkyClan, to live with the other four Clans. It also reveals how the Clans defeated an evil group of rogues who almost destroy ShadowClan.

The seventh mini-series centers around Bristlefrost of ThunderClan, Shadowsight of ShadowClan, and Rootspring of SkyClan as they try to defeat an evil ghost cat named Ashfur. Ashfur has possessed the ThunderClan leader, and blocked communication with StarClan. 

The eighth mini-series centers around Frostpaw of RiverClan, Nightheart of ThunderClan, and Sunbeam of ShadowClan. The Clans are making changes to the rules they live by, and some cats don't like these changes, while other cats do.

Firestar goes on a quest to make a new Clan, SkyClan.

Bluestar's life from kitten to leader of ThunderClan.

Leafstar leads SkyClan through trouble after Firestar leaves.

Crookedstar's promise to a mysterious cat leaves him with all the power he could dream of, but all his family dead.

Yellowfang's ability to feel the pain of other cats has to be kept a secret to her Clan.

Tallstar sets out on a quest for revenge on the cat he believes killed his father.

Bramblestar has to lead ThunderClan as a large storm destroys their home.
Moth Flight learns that she must become the first medicine cat.
SkyClan has to leave their home. Hawkwing has to help them find the other Clans.
Dovewing is pregnant with Tigerheart's kits. She travels far away to find a safe place to give birth. Tigerheart has to find them and bring them back home.
Crowfeather tries to make peace with his family.
Squirrelflight fights for the protection of a peaceful group of female cats known as The Sisters, while worrying that she'll leave no legacy when she dies.
Long ago, Graystripe promised never to leave his Clan, but when trouble happens in ThunderClan, he realizes he has to leave if he wants to save it.


Leopardstar wants what is best for her Clan, but she needs to avoid being reckless.


Onestar must confess a secret to his Clan.


Riverstar learns what it means to have a home and care for other cats.


Ivypool is depressed after her daughter dies.

Hollyleaf meets a strange cat in the tunnels beneath the Clans' territory.

Mistystar's medicine cat doesn't believe in StarClan, and Mistystar worries about this.

Cloudstar leads SkyClan on a journey to find a new home that eventually fails.
Tigerclaw, former deputy of ThunderClan, seeks revenge on his old Clanmates.
Leafpool hides her kits from her Clan with the help of her sister, Squirrelflight.
Dovewing finds the loss of her special powers hard to deal with.
Mapleshade seeks revenge on every cat who has wronged her.
Goosefeather can see the fates of cats around him, including his own.
Ravenpaw takes his friend Barley, and Barley's sister's kittens to SkyClan. Then he dies.
Spottedleaf must decide whether she wants to be a warrior or a medicine cat.
Pinestar decides to leave ThunderClan and become a house cat.
Thunderstar struggles as the first leader of ThunderClan.
Redtail's life was saved by Tigerclaw, but they begin to become enemies.
Tawnypelt takes her grandson on a quest.
Shadowstar is stalked by a cat who wants to kill her.
Pebbleshine tries to raise her kits while lost from her Clan.
Tree leaves his family to discover who he really is.
Mothwing doesn't believe in StarClan, and she must keep this hidden from her Clan.
Daisy questions her place in the Clans as she realizes what a violent place the forest can be.
Spotfur leads a rebellion against the possessed leader of ThunderClan.
Blackfoot was one of the evil Tigerstar's closest friends, and he struggles to find his place as the new leader of ShadowClan.

"Secrets of the Clans" has a list of healing plants, a tour of the camps of all four forest Clans, maps, stories, Clan folktales, Clan histories, prophecies, and a cat language to human language glossary.

"Cats of the Clans" has information and pictures of the most important "Warriors" characters.

"Code of the Clans" explains the reasons behind all the rules of the warrior code using several short stories.

"Battles of the Clans" explains all of the Clans' battle moves and some famous past battles.

"Enter the Clans" is "Secrets of the Clans" and "Code of the Clans" in one book.

"The Ultimate Guide" is an expanded version of "Cats of the Clans" with more characters.
"The Warriors Guide" is an updated version of "Secrets of the Clans".


"The Ultimate Guide: Updated and Expanded Edition" is an expanded version of "The Ultimate Guide" with more characters and new information.

This series shows what happened to ThunderClan warrior Graystripe when he was captured by humans.


This series shows how a house cat named Sasha fell in love with a dangerous Clan cat, Tigerstar.


This series shows how Ravenpaw and his friend fight to take back their farm from a group of evil cats who have stolen it from them.


This series shows how SkyClan leader Leafstar deals with a cat who causes problems.


This single manga shows how a small kitten named himself Scourge and became the evil leader of BloodClan.

This single manga shows how Feathertail questions her place in RiverClan.

This single manga shows how former WindClan deputy Mudclaw feels angry after being replaced by a warrior called Onewhisker.

This single manga shows what happened to ShadowClan elders when they were banished from their Clan by their evil leader.

This single manga shows how Brightheart and Cloudtail must find out who is stealing prey from ThunderClan.

There are four Warriors short stories: "Spottedleaf's Honest Answer", "The Clans Decide", "After Sunset: The Right Choice?", and "The Elders' Concern". There are also two educator's guides for teachers.

A play called "After" "Sunset: We Need to Talk" was performed in 2007 at a bookstore. It shows a meeting between Leafpool of ThunderClan and Crowfeather of WindClan after the events of the book "Sunset".

In 2009, another play called "Brightspirit's Mercy" was released. This play is about the ThunderClan cat Jayfeather helping the other Clans by giving them food, even though it is against the warrior code to do that. This play was also released at www.warriorcats.com. It was written in memory of a "Warriors" fan and her parents, who all died in a tornado in 2007.

There is a website for "Warriors" called Warrior Cats Hub. There was an old website called Warrior Cats, but this website was shut down. Both websites have included games, stores, and special information about the series.

In 2016, a "Warriors" movie was announced. There have been no updates on it since 2018.

There are many "Warriors" items that can be bought, including shirts, plush toys, figures, and more. There have also been trading cards included in the Chinese versions of the books.

There is a "Warriors" app called Warrior Cats Hub. There was also an old app called Warrior Cats that was shut down.

The Warriors series has been published in many countries, including Poland, China, Australia, Canada, Russia, and more.

There have been audiobook versions made of many "Warriors" books.


Tsar Bomba

Tsar Bomba, the nickname for the AN602 H-bomb, was the largest, most powerful nuclear weapon ever used. It was originally tested by the Soviet Union on October 30, 1961. It was a three stage H-bomb.

This bomb is also called the "Father of Bombs".

The explosion had a power of 56,000,000 tonns of TNT (56 Megatons). The Tsar Bomb was actually designed as a 100 Megatonn-Bomb. But as there were problems to detonate a bomb as strong as 100,000,000 tonns of TNT, the Soviet Union technicians reduced its power to 56 Megatonns.

The testing site of the nuclear bomb was Novaya Zemlya. There was not much fallout because the bomb was detonated at height.

The bomb was dropped by a Soviet bomber, the Tupolev Tu-95. This was the only plane in the world which could carry the bomb. When the bomb exploded, the bomber fell one Kilometer in height from the huge blast wave.

243 Ida

243 Ida is a Main belt asteroid with pictures taken by the "Galileo" spacecraft on August 28, 1993. It was the first binary asteroid to be found and is a member of the Koronis family of asteroids.

Ida was found by Johann Palisa on September 29, 1884 in Vienna. It is named after Ida, a Cretan nymph in Greek mythology who lived on a mountain that has her name (see Mount Ida, Crete).

Ida has a small moon, Dactyl, which was found on February 17, 1994 by "Galileo" mission member Ann Harch, while examining the delayed image downloads. The moon was given the designation S/1993 (243) 1 and later named (243) Ida I Dactyl. The pictures where it was first seen were taken on 28 August 1993, hence the designation. The moon was reported on 12 March 1994.

Dactyl is only 1.4 km in diameter. Some researchers believe that Dactyl formed from debris blown off from Ida because of cratering, while others suggest that Ida and Dactyl formed as a pair a billion or more years ago when Ida's parent body was disrupted. Both of these theories present difficulties that are unresolved at this time. Since Dactyl was found, other sightings have suggested that asteroid moons are common.

Although Ida's dimensions, measured along the principal axes (based on its rotation) are 53.6×24.0×15.2 km, the best-fit ellipsoid measures 60.0×25.2×18.6 km. Since its mass is well known thanks to its little moon, one can calculate that its surface gravity can be between 0.0031 and 0.0324 m/s². The rotation axis is within one degree of the shorter dimension axis, which means the centrifugal effect can reach a value as high as 0.0042 m/s² — at the tips of its longest axes, Ida is actually under tension.



Bironico

Bironico was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010 the municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino joined together to become a new municipality, Monteceneri.

Bissone

Bissone is a municipality of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bodio

Bodio is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bogno

Bogno was a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Borgnone

Borgnone was a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the new municipality of Centovalli.

Principality of Khachen

The Principality of Khachen () was a medieval Armenian principality, in part of historical Artsakh (present-day Nagorno-Karabakh). The regions of Artsakh and Utik were provinces of the Kingdom of Armenia in Antiquity. From the twelfth century the Khachen principality dominated the region. The Byzantine emperor Constantine VII addressed his letters to the prince of Khachen with the inscription "To Prince of Khachen, Armenia." Today the region is recognised to be part of Azerbaijan. 



Therapy

Therapy, in the medical field also called treatment, is what people do to try to solve or care for a health problem, physical or mental. When a person is ill or injured, a doctor may make a medical diagnosis and then recommend a therapy to try to make the person well. The therapy can be, for example, medications (drugs), surgery or a change of diet. Therapy may be offered at work to help people with stress.

A person who does therapy as a job is called a therapist. There are many kinds of therapists. for example:

Medical treatments may have four results:



253 Mathilde

\end{align}</math></ref> m/s²

253 Mathilde is a main belt asteroid found by Johann Palisa in 1885. It has a fairly elliptical orbit that takes more than four years to circle the Sun. This asteroid has an unusually slow rate of rotation, taking 17.4 days to complete a 360° revolution about its axis. It is a primitive C-type asteroid, which means the surface has lots of carbon; giving it a dark surface that reflects only 4% of the light that falls on it.

This asteroid was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker spacecraft during June 1997, on its way to asteroid 433 Eros. The spacecraft took pictures of one side of the asteroid, finding many big craters that have gouged out depressions in the surface. It is currently the biggest asteroid to be visited by a spacecraft, and the first C-type asteroid to be so explored.

253 Mathilde is very dark. The asteroid has a number of very big craters, with the individual craters being named for coal fields and basins around the world. The two biggest craters, Ishikari (29.3 km) and Karoo (33.4 km), are as wide as the asteroid's average radius. The impacts appear to have blown big volumes off the asteroid, as suggested by the angular edges of the craters.

The density measured by NEAR Shoemaker, 1,300 kg/m³, is less than half that of a normal carbonaceous chondrite; this may indicate that the asteroid is very loosely packed rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken apart by a collision and pulled back together by gravity). The same is true of several C-type asteroids studied by ground-based telescopes with adaptive optics systems (45 Eugenia, 90 Antiope, 87 Sylvia and 121 Hermione). Up to 50% of the volume inside of 253 Mathilde has open space. However, the existence of a 20-km-long scarp may indicate that the asteroid does have some structural strength, so it could contain some big internal components. The low interior density is an inefficient transmitter of impact shock through the asteroid, which also helps to preserve the surface features to a high degree.

Mathilde's orbit is eccentric, taking it to the farther reaches of the Main belt. Nonetheless, the orbit lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter; it does not cross the planetary orbits. It also has one of the slowest rotation periods of the known asteroids — most asteroids have a rotation period in the range of 2 – 24 hours. Because of the slow rotation rate, NEAR Shoemaker was only able to take pictures of 60% of the asteroid's surface. The slow rate of rotation may been accounted for by a moon orbiting the asteroid, but a search of the NEAR images revealed none bigger than 10 km in diameter out to 20 times the radius of 253 Mathilde.


Yōkai

Yōkai are creature in old Japanese stories, such as oni, kappa, or tengu. They have mysterious supernatural powers. There are thousands of yōkai. In the Edo period, yōkai were characters in story books. Recently, many new yōkai have been made. There is even a yōkai dictionary. The yōkai are monsters or ghosts in Japanese tradition. In the past people believed they caused disease, accidents, and natural disasters. People were often scared of them.

The most famous yōkai are Tengu, Oni (Japanese ogre), and Kyubi no Kitsune (a fox with nine tails). When some people and animals are filled with hate, they became yōkai. For example, Sutoku. Sutoku (Japanese ancient emperor) died filled with hate. Then, he became a Tengu and caused a disaster. Also, a cat which lived too long time became Nekomata.

Recently, yōkai are familiar with people as subculture in Japan.

In recent decades, the yōkai have been frequently depicted in Japanese fiction and media, particularly in horror or fantasy-themed works, such as in manga, anime and films, as well as in videogames, a notable example of this is the manga "GeGeGe no Kitarō", written by mangaka Shigeru Mizuki, of which is entirely based on the "yōkai" myth. Other examples includes the manga series "Death Note", "Pet Shop of Horrors", "Good Luck Girl!", light novel "Ghost Hunt", the 2011 animated film "A Letter to Momo" and RPG videogame franchise "Yo-kai Watch".

Stamp album

A stamp album is a book, often loose-leafed (with its papers not attached to the book, but hanging loose inside), in which a collection of postage stamps may be stored and displayed. There are also stamp albums in the form of binders.

Many collectors buy preprinted (already printed) albums and pages, which are made and sold. The usual format is to print a black-and-white picture of the stamp in each space. Album pages are almost always one-sided pages.

Stamp hinges are used by stamp collectors to put postage stamps onto the pages of the stamp album.


Stamp collector

A stamp collector or philatelist collects postage stamps as a hobby. Stamp collectors normally keep the stamps in books called stamp albums. A philatelist can study various aspects of definitive stamps and other types of stamps, cancellations, and other philatelic materials.


There are many stamp collecting clubs around the world. Belonging to a stamp club or philatelic society has many advantages. For example, Royal Philatelic Society of Canada members receive magazines, can get help with questions through phone support, and purchase insurance for their collections at a discounted group rate.


Pansexuality

Pansexual people are people attracted to people regardless of their sex or gender. This is similar to some bisexual people. The word "pansexual" comes from the Greek word 'pan-', meaning "all". 

Although the sexuality overlaps with bisexuality, both labels are accepted as long as the person is comfortable and respects the other equally. 

Originally, Sigmund Freud invented the word "", regarding the hypothesis "that regards all desire and interest as derived from [the] sex instinct".

Pansexuality is often described as ‘attraction to people regardless of gender (including those who may not identify as boys or girls or as men or women, or to those who are intersex, genderfluid, etc.) pansexuality can also be described as "gender blind".

Some may describe it as "gender blind" because those who identify as pansexual do not consider gender important when they are attracted to others. Pansexuality is considered the opposite of asexuality, as pansexuality means a person may be sexually attracted to anyone regardless of their gender identity, but asexuality means a person is sexually attracted to no one. However, pansexuals are not necessarily sexually attracted to everyone they meet, nor do they necessarily have strong sex drives.

The pansexual colors from the pride flag all have different meanings, pink meaning attraction to fem presenting people, blue attraction to masculine presenting people, and yellow for people (for an example) of a non-binary gender, such as agender, bigender or genderfluid.


Adverse effect (medicine)

In medicine, an adverse effect is a harmful and undesired effect that results from a therapy like medication, chemotherapy, surgery or other intervention. An adverse effect may be called a "side-effect" (when it is less important than the therapeutic effect).

It may result from an unsuitable or incorrect dosage or procedure (which could be caused by medical error). Some adverse effects happen only at the beginning or a change of a treatment. Medical error was the third most common cause of death in the United States in 2019.

In many countries, adverse effects have to be reported and researched in clinical trials and included into the patient information accompanying medical devices and drugs for sale to the public. This is called pharmacovigilance.



Technosexuality

Technosexuality is a word used to mean two things:

Sometimes "technosexual" is used as an insult, implying that someone would prefer a sex toy to an actual sexual partner.

The Calvin Klein company trademarked the term "technosexual" in 2005.

'i-wear' (or 'e-wear') is "intelligent" clothing that joins fashion with technology. i-wear was born out of the collaboration between European fashion designers and computer technicians. i-wear is a step made towards technologizing a person's fashion, and in this sense, a person can be more as a part of technosexuality.



Antisexuality

Antisexualism, sex-negativity or antisexuality is opposition or hostility towards sexual behavior and sexuality.

Some forms of early ascetic Gnosticism held all matter to be evil, and that unnecessary gratifications of the physical senses were to be avoided. Married couples were encouraged to be celibate. The Skoptsys were a radical sect of the Russian Orthodox Church that practiced castration and amputation of sexual organs. The Skoptsy believed that Christ had been castrated during his crucifixion, and it was this castration that brought about salvation. 

The Shakers was a radical Protestant sect that opposed procreation and all sexual activity. The Shakers were more opposed to pregnancy than anything else.
John Harvey Kellogg, the inventor of corn flakes breakfast cereal, was opposed to all forms of sexual activity, especially masturbation. "The Road to Wellville" satirized his life and practices. Father Divine, founder of the International Peace Mission Movement, advocated religious abstinence from sex and marriage and taught that sexual objectification is a root cause of undesirable social and political conditions.

The Anti-Flirt Club, set up in the United States during the interwar period, was set up in order to protect women from unwanted advances from men.

A popular venue of antisexuals is the Antisex.info (Antisexual Stronghold) website founded by Yuri Nesterenko. He launched a FidoNet-based antisexual community in 1995. While putting forward the slogan "Say No to sex", the spokesmen said that no sexual urges are so violent that they may not be deterred through mental reason, or else transformed through abstinence. Some members of the IAM say they have successfully overcome the desire for sex.



Ned Flanders

Nedward "Ned" Flanders is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".

Ned Flanders and his son Todd first appeared in the season one episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire", which was the series first episode. The first episode in which Flanders and his family were seen is season two's "Dead Putting Society", which also showed the first appearance of Maude and Rod Flanders. He is a fan of The Beatles and the television drama series "Bergerac".

Flanders was named after Flanders St. in Portland, Oregon, the hometown of "Simpsons" creator Matt Groening. Groening wanted Flanders as "just a guy who was truly nice, that Homer had no justifiable reason to loathe, but then did." It was not until after the first few episodes that it was decided Flanders would be a faithful Christian. Mike Scully said that Flanders is "everything Homer would love to be, although he'll never admit it." Flanders had originally been meant to just be a neighbor that Homer was jealous of, but Harry Shearer used "such a sweet voice" and Flanders was planned to become a Christian and a sweet guy that someone would choose to live next to over Homer.

Ned's "unbearable niceness" has been described as ""The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> worst comment about religion". Although Flanders was meant to be only a character making fun of the Christian right, he has since become a favorite of many Christian viewers. He has been described as "[The United States]' most well-known evangelical." Dr. Rowan Williams, the Archbishop of Canterbury, declared himself as a "Simpsons" fan, and said he likes Flanders.


Mike Scully

Mike Scully (born October 2, 1956 in West Springfield, Massachusetts) is an Emmy Award-winning American television writer best known for his work as show runner of the Fox series "The Simpsons" from 1997 - 2001 (Seasons 9-12).

George Meyer

George Meyer is an American producer and screenwriter for the television series "The Simpsons". He is arguably the writer who has done the most to the series over the many years it has been made. In 2000, Meyer was called "the funniest man behind the funniest show on TV" by "The New Yorker". 


Christian right

The Christian right (known as the religious right in the United States) is the name for right-wing Christian political and social movements. They also exist in other countries, such as Canada. However, the term is most often used in the United States. These groups have a strong support of conservative social and political ideas. Usually, this comes from a belief that the United States was founded on a strong belief in God. It also come from a belief that American laws and policies should be based on what is in the Bible. Members of the Christian right can be from any branch of Christianity, including Catholicism. However, the religious right is most often used with Evangelical Christians, Fundamentalists (such as Born-agains) and Mormons. About 15% of Americans say they are part of the Christian or religious right.

People have used religion in politics for thousands of years, and people in the United States have used religion for conservative politics in the United States for hundreds of years. For example, those who wanted a conviction in the Scopes trial, largely Democrats, would later be called the religious right. However, the term first came into use in the 1970s. Jerry Falwell was one of the first to use it. He and others felt that the country and institutions (such as schools and colleges) were run by left-wing intellectuals who did not believe in God. They thought that most people believed in God and did not care for left-wing intellectuals. The fight between left-wing intellectuals and the religious right is often called the "culture wars".

Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Donald Trump were elected in part due to support from the religious right.

As well as the Christian right, there is something called the Christian left. However, it is not as well-known or powerful.

Here are some issues that the Christian right feels strongly about:

The Christian right became more popular again in the 1970s under Falwell due to abortion. This was in response to the "Roe v. Wade" decision made by the U.S. Supreme Court. Most members of the Christian right feel that life begins at conception. They think that killing a fetus is murder. Therefore, they think abortion should be illegal in most or all cases. This is called being "pro-life". Though the right has not until recently been able to get rid of "Roe" (and it is now considered to be a precedent by most judges), they have been successful in making it harder to get abortions in some states.

Many members of the Christian right believe that the Bible says it is bad to be homosexual (gay or lesbian). They used to support sodomy laws. Today, they are mostly against allowing gay marriage. They have had many laws and initiatives passed to stop gay people from marrying (such as California's Proposition 8). Some of these were found to be unconstitutional in the courts. To make stopping gay marriage constitutional, many have pushed for an amendment to the United States constitution to ban gay marriage.

Many members of the Christian right do not believe in evolution, because it goes against the creation story of the Bible. They instead favor creationism or intelligent design. Most biologists believe that evolution is true and that arguments against evolution are weak. In a few places, they have been successful in teaching intelligent design alongside evolution in public schools.

Many members of the Christian right want to allow prayer in public schools and display of things related to Christ in public or government places. As with gay marriage, this has been questioned in the courts, usually due to the freedom of religion clause in the First Amendment.

Tress MacNeille

Tress MacNeille (born June 20, 1951) is an American voice actress best known for doing voices on the animated television series "The Simpsons", "Futurama", and "Animaniacs", "The Powerpuff Girls". Her most famous characters on "The Simpsons" include Agnes Skinner, Brandine Spuckler and Lindsey Naegle, while her performance as Mom is her most notable "Futurama" role.
She also been the voice of the penguins in the Disney TV Series Club Penguin, and the voice of Daisy Duck.


Karl Wiedergott

Karl Wiedergott (born February 8, 1969) is a German-born American actor. He has regularly played various voice roles in the television program "The Simpsons", beginning in 1998 and quitting the show in 2010. He has also worked on The Simpsons Movie which was released July 27, 2007.


Bill Oakley

Bill Oakley (born in 1966) is an American television writer, best known for his work on "The Simpsons". Along with his writing partner Josh Weinstein, Oakley was the executive producer and showrunner during the seventh and eighth seasons. Before serving as the show's executive producers, the pair were hired onto the writing staff during the fourth season. Together, the two wrote episodes such as "Who Shot Mr. Burns?". After leaving "The Simpsons", Oakley and Weinstein created "Mission Hill", "The Mullets", and served as consulting producers on "Futurama".


David X. Cohen

David X. Cohen (born July 13, 1966), born David Samuel Cohen, is an American television writer. He has written for "The Simpsons". He also runs and is the main writer for "Futurama".


Canterbury Cathedral

Canterbury Cathedral is one of the oldest and most famous churches in England. The cathedral is in Canterbury, Kent. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is also one of the greatest examples of mediaeval Norman architecture in Britain. The cathedral is the 'seat' of the archbishop of Canterbury. The archbishop is the most important bishop in the Church of England.

The church was founded by Augustine of Canterbury in 597 AD. The present version was built on the remains of the old Saxon church by Lanfranc, starting in 1066. Lanfranc, the first Norman Archbishop, was put in position by William the Conqueror. His cathedral was dedicated in 1077. The architecture of the present cathedral is basically Romanesque, with many later repairs and additions. The nave (where the congregation sits) was rebuilt in the 14th century with newly discovered building methods. The new style of English Gothic architecture ('perpendicular') gave the building greater height and larger windows. Some of the stained glass in the cathedral is from the 12th century. It was probably made between 1130 and 1160. There was a great fire in 1174 and the people built most of the cathedral again. The fire did not destroy some of the old windows from the 12th century.

The cathedral area, called the precinct, has walls all around it. Canterbury also has defensive wall. Much of this wall is still standing. The cathedral precinct includes many other buildings: a school, a conference building, a number of houses and a palace. The Deanery is where the dean of Canterbury lives: he is the manager of the cathedral. The dean and chapter (a committee) take the decisions. The archbishop's job is to run the whole Anglican Church.

The cathedral costs £12,000 a day to run and repair, and there are no government grants. Because of this, fund-raising is one of the Dean's main jobs. The cathedral is a working church. On Sundays there are six services (of different kinds). On weekdays there are three services. These are free of any entry charge. Tourists visiting pay a fee to see the cathedral when there is no service.

It was where Thomas Becket was murdered by knights of Henry II, after the king asked, supposedly, "Who will rid me of this turbulent priest?" Beckett was the second archbishop of Canterbury to be murdered. The first was Alphege in 1012. The third was Thomas Cranmer, in 1533.

in 1988, UNESCO and the World Heritage Committee named Canterbury Cathedral, the ruins of St Augustine's Abbey, and St Martin's Church together as a World Heritage Site. As a group, they are buildings which show the development of Christianity in Britain.





Bosco Gurin

Bosco Gurin or Bosco/Gurin (Walser German: "Gurin" / "Guryn", Lombard: "Bosch" / "Gürin") is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It is the only municipality in Ticino where German is a co-official language.


Brione (Verzasca)

Brione is a former municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 17 October 2020 the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.

Brione sopra Minusio

Brione sopra Minusio is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Brissago

Brissago is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Brusino Arsizio

Brusino Arsizio is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bruzella

Bruzella was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009 the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Second-in-command

The Second-in-Command (2i/c or 2IC) is the second commander, the person that is in charge after the commander, of any British Army or British Royal Marines unit/group. He or she is the same as an Executive Officer in the United States Army. This term or word is also used in many other Commonwealth militaries.

The Second-in-Command of a group is usually a Major. The Second-in-Command of a smaller group is usually a Captain (although infantry groups' Second-in-Command's were usually Lieutenants until after the Second World War), the Second-in-Command of an even smaller group is the Sergeant of the group, and the Second-in-Command of a section is usually a Lance Corporal.

In the Royal Navy the second-in-command of a vessel or ship is known as the First Lieutenant or Executive Officer.

"Second-in-command" is a term/word used, usually as a joke, for any deputy or person that is right below the commander. Its basic meaning is "someone that relieves a commander".

Cademario

Cademario is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino.


Cadempino

Cadempino is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Cadenazzo

Cadenazzo is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. 


Cadro

Cadro was a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Calpiogna

Calpiogna is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Camignolo

Camignolo was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010 the former municipalities Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino joined together to become one new municipality called Monteceneri.

Camorino

Camorino was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Campello, Switzerland

Campello is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012 the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Chara

Chara could mean:

Vicente Blasco Ibañez

Vicente Blasco Ibáñez (29 January 1867-28 January 1928) was a Spanish realist novelist writing in Spanish, a screenwriter and occasional film director.


Pistoia

Pistoia is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is the capital of the province of Pistoia. The city is about west and north of Florence.

"Pistoria", the old Latin name of Pistoia, was a Gallic, Ligurian and Etruscan city. After the city became a Roman colony in the 6th century BC, it was a place for activities or trades. Near the end of the 6th century, the city was captured by troops of the Lombardic king. The city did very well under the control of the Lombards. In 1177, Pistoia chose to become a free commune. In the following years, it became an important political centre. It built walls and several public and religious buildings.

In 1254 Pistoia was captured by troops from Florentine. Pistoia stayed a Florentine city except for few years in the 14th century, when Castruccio Castracani captured it for Lucca. It was annexed to (made a part of) Florence in 1530. During the 14th century Ormanno Tedici was one of the Lords of the city.

Dante mentioned the town in his Divina Commedia. Michelangelo called the people of Pistoia the "enemies of heaven".

The large Piazza del Duomo is connected near to other famous buildings, for example the " Palazzo del Comune" and the "Palazzo del Podestà". In July, the "Giostra dell'Orso" ("Bear Joust") takes place in the square. At the joust, horsemen try to strike a target held by a dummy shaped like a bear. The 14th century Baptistry, in Gothic style is also in the square.

The "Palazzo dei Vescovi" ("Bishops' Palace") includes a loggia in gothic style.


Pistoia is twinned with:


Seleute

Seleute was a municipality, in the new municipality of Clos du Doubs and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Vendlincourt

Vendlincourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bassecourt

Bassecourt is a former municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Glovelier, Soulce and Undervelier merged to form the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.


Boécourt

Boécourt is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bourrignon

Bourrignon is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Châtillon, Jura

Châtillon is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Trans fat

Trans fat is a type of unsaturated fat. Trans fat is often produced in factories when manufacturing certain processed foods such as margarine. Trans fat occurs in nature only very rarely, found in small amounts in meat and milk fat. When vegetable oils are heated or when they are hydrogenated, trans fats are made. Hydrogenation is the process of bubbling hydrogen gas through the oil to change its consistency. The bubbling raises the melting point of the oil. As the hydrogen passes through, the oil begins to become solid. By stopping the hydrogenation part of the way through, manufacturers obtain "partially hydrogenated oil". This is similar to butter, but much cheaper to produce. It is sold as "margarine", "oleo" or "vegetable shortening". The process allows cheaply adding a butter-like consistency to food products.

Trans fat is bad for human health and has been linked to a number of problems including: coronary heart disease, cancer, diabetes, obesity, liver dysfunction, and infertility. Healthy oils are always liquid at the temperature of blood. Saturated and trans fats are not.

There has yet to be a study which shows that trans fat is good for human health in any way. Since scientists and nutritionists now know the health issues related to eating trans fats, trans fats are being used less but there are still some in commercial food products.
For some time, the US government's Food and Drug Administration allowed makers of food products to label their products as having "0 grams of trans fat per serving" as long as the amount of trans fat in the food product falls below 0.5 grams per serving. Since partially hydrogenated oils are the major source of trans fat, reading the "ingredients" label is the safest way to ensure that a food does not contain any trans fat at all. Fried foods will likely, but not necessarily, contain trans fat since fried foods are produced by using very hot oil. 

In 2013, the Food and Drug Administration began to gradually stop the use of trans fats in all foods. It says there is no safe amount of trans fats that should be in food eaten by humans.

In June 2015, the FDA issued a final statement. It says there is no agreement by scientists that artificial trans fatty acids are safe for any use in human food. Trans fat must be taken out of all food production within three years (by June 2018). The FDA says the ban will cost the food industry $6.2 billion over 20 years. The food industry must use new formulas and recipes using ingredients without trans fat. The benefits will be about $140 billion over 20 years. This will be mostly from lower health care costs. Food companies can issue requests to the FDA for permission to use partially hydrogenated oils. The companies must prove the oils' use is safe.

Cluny

Cluny is a city in eastern France. It lies in the region of Burgundy. The city grew around the Abbey of Cluny in the 10th century. The town of Mâcon is about 30 km to the southeast. Lyon is about 60 km to the south. Today, about 4,400 people live in the city. The Cluniac Reforms started here. 

Integumentary system

The integumentary system is everything covering the outside of an animal's body. This account is written mostly with people in mind, but it applies more widely.

The integument means skin, hair, scales, nails, sweat glands and their products (sweat and mucus). The name comes from the Latin "integumentum", which means 'a covering'.

Skin, hair, scales, feathers and nails make up the integumentary system.

There are two layers of skin: 

There are four types of glands

The integumentary system has lots of different functions. It:

Here is a list of skin problems:
There are other skin problems that are less common.


Auditory system

The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense for hearing. The sense organ for hearing is the ear.

The outer ear is the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal. They are called the pinna. 

Sound waves travelling through the ear canal will hit the tympanum, or eardrum. Three tiny bones, the ossicles, convert the waves to high pressure vibrations. They are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea.

The inner ear is made mostly of the cochlea. The cochlea is made up of three pieces, and is filled with liquid. It transforms sound waves to electric signals in neurons. The semicircular canals of the inner ear are used in equilibrioception, the sense of balance.


Northbridge

The northbridge is one of two basic chips on the motherboard of a computer. The other basic chip is the southbridge and together they create the computer chipset. Usually, north- and southbridge are on different ICs; it is rare for both of them to be on one chip.

Northbridge supports communication between CPU, RAM memory, AGP port or PCI Express bus and also supports connection with southbridge. There exist some chipsets which support two types of RAM memory and which are accessible during transition to new standard. 

Northbridge is a basic part of motherboard which establishes speed, types of processors, quantity of processors and kind of RAM memory. Other important factors are, for example, voltage regulation and number of connectors.

Sequencers of RAM memory was, in AMD64 architecture, shifted directly into processor. Other producers (like Intel or IBM) also incorporated this change into their new processors.

A perspective to the future is SOC (System On Chip). With it will also decrease the number of components on the motherboard. But bigger chips hold under universality of solution, they have more pins and they are more difficult. Present high-speed buses are series (PCIe, SATA) and they decline the complexity. In the future we can expect return to the standard interface of other circuits using bus (probably PCI express) and maybe they will be connected to the single Super I/O sequencer. Saved lads can be used for another integrated turn like SATA, USB, IDE, SDIO scanner of cards and sequencers of PCI.

Mitlödi

Mitlödi was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mitlödi, Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Haslen, Linthal, Luchsingen, Matt, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the new municipality of Glarus Süd.


Mollis

Mollis was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Nord and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Mühlehorn

Mühlehorn was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municpalities of Mühlehorn, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Näfels

Näfels was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Nord and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Netstal

Netstal was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2011, Netstal is part of the municipality of Glarus.


Niederurnen

Niederurnen was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in the country of Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Niederurnen, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Oberurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Oberurnen

Oberurnen was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Oberurnen, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Obstalden

Obstalden was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Obstalden, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen and Oberurnen merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord


Riedern

Riedern was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2011, Riedern is part of the municipality of Glarus.


Rüti, Glarus

Rüti was a municipality, in the new municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Schwanden, Glarus

Schwanden was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland. The lake Garichtisee can be reached by cable car.


Garichtisee

Garichtisee is a lake on Mettmenalp in the Canton of Glarus, Switzerland. It is above the municipality of Schwanden. The lake's area is . 


Appenzell Ausserrhoden

Appenzell Ausserrhoden is a canton of Switzerland. Appenzell Ausserrhoden is in the northeast of Switzerland, next to the cantons of St. Gallen and Appenzell Innerrhoden.

Settlement in Appenzell began in the 7th and the 8th century alongside the river Glatt. In 907 Herisau is mentioned for the first time, the canton (Appenzell: "abbatis cella") is named first in 1071.

The canton witnessed a number of battles, including the Battle of Vögelinsegg (1403) and the Battle at the Stoss (1405).

In 1513 Appenzell joined the Swiss confederation as the 13th canton. In 1597 the Protestant canton was divided for religious reasons from the former canton "Appenzell", with the Catholic Appenzell Innerrhoden being the other half.

From the 16th century onwards linen production was established little by little. Larger textile businesses established themselves, later diversifying into weaving and embroidery. The textile industry collapsed between 1920 and 1939.

In 1834 for the first time a constitution was adapted, undergoing reforms in 1876 and 1908. The construction of numerous railway lines between 1875 and 1913 helped the local industry and the population grew to a maximum of 57,973 people in 1910 (compared with 53,200 in 2001).

In 1934 Johannes Baumann was the first citizen from Appenzell Ausserrhoden to become a federal councilor. Women's right to vote was introduced in 1972 on a local level, but only in 1989 on a canton-wide level. In 1994 for the first time two women were elected into government. The open assembly ("Landsgemeinde") was abolished in 1997. The right of foreigners to vote is determined by each municipality.

The 20 municipalities are:


Appenzell District

Appenzell is a district of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland. The district of Appenzell contains part of the town "Appenzell", as well as Rinkenbach, Kau and Meistersrüte.


Corban, Switzerland

Corban was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Corban merged into the municipality of Val Terbi.

Courchapoix

Courchapoix is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Courfaivre

Courfaivre was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Courfaivre, Bassecourt, Glovelier, Soulce and Undervelier merged into the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.


Electric eel

The electric eel, "Electrophorus electricus", is a species of fish. It can weigh up to six pounds. It can give electric shocks of up to six hundred fifty watts of electricity. The animal uses these shocks both for hunting and to defend itself. It lives in the stagnant muddy river bottoms of the Orinoco and the Amazon, and uses low-voltage electric fields to find its prey.

The electric eel is an apex predator in the parts of South America where it lives. This means it usually has no enemies except other animals of its own species. It can kill animals larger than itself. Its electric organs evolved from muscles, and make up four fifths of its body.

Despite its name, the electric eel is not an eel. It is a knifefish. It is an obligatory air breather (must breath air). This makes sense, because the muddy water is very low in oxygen, and it needs oxygen to power its electric organs.

Because they can shock, very few of these fish are kept as pets. But if the eel repeatedly shocks, its electric organs become completely discharged. Then a person can touch it without being shocked. 


Gymnotiformes

The Gymnotiformes is an order of teleosts which are electric fish. Common names are Neotropical knifefish or South American knifefish. They are mainly nocturnal freshwater fish. Their muscles create an electric field. 

Gymnotiformes are slender fish with narrow bodies and tapering tails. Their common name is "knifefish".

Perhaps the best-known species is the electric eel ("Electrophorus electricus") which uses powerful electric shocks (up to 600 V) for hunting and self-defense. 

There are several other species familiar in the aquarium trade: the black ghost knifefish ("Apteronotus albifrons"), the glass knifefish ("Eigenmannia virescens"), and the banded knifefish ("Gymnotus carapo").

Electric fish

An electric fish is a fish that can make electric fields. Many fish (sharks, rays, and catfish) can detect electric fields: they are 'electroreceptive'. They cannot make electric fields, and are not called electric fish. 

Electric fish have a special organ that makes electricity. This organ is called an electric organ. It is usually near the tail of the fish. It is made from specialised muscle or nerve cells. When the organ releases electricity this is called an "electric organ discharge" (or "EOD" for short).

Based on the strength of the EOD, the electrogenic fish are two types:


In total, there are 348 known species of electric fish, in about 56 genera. The only known species that lives in salt water are the electric rays, with 23 species.


Sergeant

Sergeant is a rank used in most militaries, police forces, and other uniformed organizations around the world. The word comes from the Latin "serviens", "one who serves", through the French term "Sergent".

A sergeant (Sgt) in the British Army wears three point-down chevrons, or "checks" on their sleeve. They usually serves as a platoon, troop, or group sergeant, or in a specialist position.

A Lance-Sergeant (LSgt) was originally a Corporal doing the work of a Sergeant. The job is now used mostly in the Guards, where it is given to all Corporals. A Lance-Sergeant in the Guards and Honourable Artillery Company wears three chevrons, and is considered senior or higher up to "normal" Corporals. For most purposes, he still remains a Corporal rather than an acting Sergeant (e.g., he will typically command a section). In the Household Cavalry, the same rank is Lance-Corporal of Horse.

The official spelling was Serjeant (Sjt) (still used by The Rifles) until after World War II, although the modern spelling had already been in common use for many years.

Gourgen Yanikian

Kourken Megerdich Yanigian (, December 24, 1895, Erzurum, Ottoman Armenia - March 27, 1984, USA) was an Armenian terrorist who killed two Turkish consular officials in California in 1973. His stated purpose was "to demand justice" for the Armenian Genocide.

Armenians hoped Yanigian's trial would provide a vehicle for proving the massacres in a court of law, while there were still surviving witnesses. Yanigian took the Armenian Genocide witness stand, accompanied by his friend and interpreter, Santa Barbaran Aram Saroyan, the uncle of famous author William Saroyan. Yanigian told of his 26 family members killed in the massacres, and how he watched in hiding as marauding Turks slit his brother's throat. Finally, he said that he killed the Turkish
diplomats as representatives of the "government that had massacred his people".

He was sentenced to life in prison in July 1973 and paroled in 1984, over the objection of the Turkish government.

After Yanigian's death, District Attorney David D. Minner wrote: "Looking back, I regret that I did not allow the genocide to
be proven. Not because Yanigian should have gone free, but because
history's darkest chapters - its genocides - should be exposed, so
their horrors are less likely to be repeated".





Campo Blenio

Campo Blenio was a municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 25 January 2005, the people in charge announced that Campo Blenio would merge with Aquila, Ghirone, Olivone and Torre to form a new municipality to be called Blenio. This union was carried through on 22 October 2006.


Campo, Vallemaggia

Campo is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Schwändi

Schwändi was a municipality, in the new municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Sool, Switzerland

Sool was a municipality, in the new municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Showa

Shōwa may mean:



DDR2 SDRAM

In information technologies we use the term DDR2 SDRAM for a Double Data Rate memory module of the second generation. This technology is used for high speed storage of the working data.

DDR2 was first made in 2001.

The main difference between DDR and DDR2 modules is that the bus on which the DDR2 memory modules are working is clocked at twice the speed of the memory cells. In practical terms we can say that four words of data can be transferred during one memory cell cycle. To sum it up DDR2 can effectively operate at twice the bus speed of DDR.
For use in PCs, DDR2 SDRAM is supplied in DIMMs with 240 pins and a single locating notch. DIMMs are identified by their peak transfer capacity (often called bandwidth).

Southbridge (computing)

Southbridge is also known as Input/Output Controller Hub. The microchip realizes lower functions of the motherboard in computer architecture with northbridge and southbridge. It's easy to distinguish southbridge and northbridge: the southbridge is not directly connected to the processor. Northbridge realizes connection between southbridge and processor.


Organic light-emitting diode

Organic light-emitting diode (OLED) is a type of light-emitting diode (LED). The part of the OLED that creates light is made of a very thin layer of organic compounds. The main use of OLED technology is for flat panel displays for smartphones and other mobile devices where they are in some ways better than LCDs. OLEDs can be used to make displays that can bend. These can be used in many different ways. For example, they can be used in clothing.

OLED provides high contrast of screen. It is characterized by low energy consumption (due to the absence of additional illumination).

LCDs are in some ways better than OLEDs and some ways worse. OLEDs can make more colors and levels of brightness than LEDs. Unlike LCDs their colors do not change when viewed at an angle. They are also much cheaper to make. OLEDs make light, so they do not need a light shining through from the back as LCDs do. This also makes black parts of the screen able to be fully turned "off" making them darker. LCDs also need to use filters to work properly. These filters block much of the light created by the LED/CCFL. Because of backlighting and filtering, OLEDs use far less power than LCDs for the amount of light made. OLEDs also react faster to changes in electricity. They turn on and off much faster than LCDs.

LEDs will last longer than OLEDs. This is the biggest problem with OLEDs. Currently most OLEDs used in displays will work for about 5,000 hours of use. LEDs normally work for 60,000 hours. This may change as experiments in 2007 created a type of OLED that worked for 198,000 hours. The organic compounds that make up OLEDs are also more easily damaged by water. 

OLED technology is currently patented by the Eastman Kodak company and several other companies. Because of this, a company must pay to be allowed to use it in their product.

There are several parts to an OLED:

The emissive and conductive layers are made of special organic molecules that conduct electricity. The anode and cathode connect the OLED to the source of electricity.

When electricity is applied to an OLED, the emissive layer becomes negatively charged and the conductive layer becomes positively charged. Electrostatic forces cause electrons to move from the positive conductive layer toward the negative emissive layer. This causes a change in the electrical levels and makes radiation that has a frequency in the range of visible light.

OLED, as with all diodes, can only work if electricity flows through them in the correct direction. The Anode, connected to the emmisive layer must be at a higher electrical potential (more volts, more "positive") than the cathode, connected to the conductive layer, for the OLED to work.

Karl Arnold

Karl Arnold (born 21 March 1901 in Herrlishöfen, died 29 June 1958 in Düsseldorf) was a German politician. He was Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1947 to 1956. 

After 1920 Arnold worked full-time basis for the Christian trade union movement. He became Secretary of the Düsseldorf District of the Christian trade union in 1924. 

In 1928 Arnold married Arnold Liesl Joeres. Their son Gottfried was born in 1933 and was a member of the German Bundestag between 1961 and 1983. 

Arnold was partner in a business in Düsseldorf in 1933. During the Third Reich the Gestapo watched and followed him. He was arrested after Count von Stauffenberg tried to assassinate (murder) Hitler on 20 July 1944. 

Arnold helped to found the industrial unions, today's DGB, with Hans Böckler in the Rhineland in 1945. 

He got permission from the American Army to publish the Rheinische Post (Rhenish Post) daily newspaper. His family still own part of the paper today.

He died of a heart attack on 29 June 1958, during the Landtag (state parliament) election campaign. 

Karl Arnold was buried in Düsseldorf's South Cemetery. 

Arnold joined the Centre party in 1920. 

After the World War II Arnold founded the of Düsseldorf Christian democratic party in 1945. Later this became a part of CDU. Arnold was the CDU's deputy federal chairman from 1956 until his death.

1925 to 1933 he was a member of the city council of Düsseldorf and acting chairman the of the Centre Party group. 

He was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1946 until his death. Between 1947 and 1949 he was also a member of the parliament of the Bizone (which was the British and American occupation zones). 

In 1957 Arnold was elected to the Bundestag with 72.6% of the votes in the Gelsenkirchen-Erkelenz Jülich constituency . He was deputy chairman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group. 

On 29 January 1946 Arnold was appointed mayor of Düsseldorf by the American Military Government. He was elected mayor in the first free elections on 26 October 1946. 

From December 1946 until 1956 he was Minister President of North Rhine Westphalia. 

From 7 September 1949 to 6 September 1950 he was the first President of the Bundesrat. 

This also mean that between 7 and 13 September 1949 he was Acting President of Germany, until Theodor Heuss was elected Federal President. 

Arnold lost a constructive vote of 'no confidence' on 20 February 1956. His successor (person who followed) as Minister President was Fritz Steinhoff. 

Arnold died one week before the next state elections, in 1958. He was only 57 years old.

Courrendlin

Courrendlin is a municipality in Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Rebeuvelier and Vellerat merged into the municipality of Courrendlin.


Courroux

Courroux is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

It is three kilometers southeast of the city of Delémont. It is the third largest municipality in the canton of Jura by area.

279 Thule

279 Thule is a very big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as a D-type asteroid and is probably made of organic rich silicates, carbon and anhydrous silicates.

The orbit of Thule is unusual. It appears to orbit in the farthest edge of the Main belt in a 3:4 orbital resonance with planet Jupiter. Unlike the Hilda asteroids whose eccentricity is fairly common of main belt asteroids, Thule has a very low eccentricity - actually much lower than that of Jupiter itself and only a bit higher than that of Earth. Why it has this orbit is not clear, as is the reason for the absence of smaller bodies in similar 4:3 resonances with Jupiter.

Some astronomers have argued that Thule's present orbit is the natural result of the force of Jupiter on a body orbiting at exactly the distance from the Sun Thule does, in the same way (though with the reverse effect) as the Kirkwood gaps in the closer parts of the asteroid belt. It could be that the resonance which holds Thule in a very low-eccentricity orbit serves to eject other smaller bodies whose distance from the Sun is only a bit different from that of Thule itself.

It is the main member of the Thule dynamical group.

It was found by Johann Palisa on October 25, 1888 in Vienna and was named after the ultimate northern land of Thule.


Caucus

A caucus is a meeting of supporters or members of a political party or movement. Caucuses are slightly different in different countries.

In the United States, in some states, such as Iowa, political parties have a caucus to choose presidential nominees for their parties.

Joe Biden

Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. ( ; born November 20, 1942) is an American politician serving as the 46th president of the United States since 2021. Before becoming president, he was the 47th vice president under Barack Obama from 2009 to 2017 and a United States senator from Delaware from 1973 to 2009. Biden is a member of the Democratic Party.

Biden was also a member of New Castle County, Delaware from the 4th district from 1971 to 1973 and the Senate longer than any other president or vice president. 

He tried to become the Democratic candidate for president in 1988 and 2008 but dropped out of the race. During the 2008 election, then-Senator Barack Obama picked him to be his running mate. He is a Roman Catholic. Biden has received several awards. He has five honorary doctorates, including one from his alma mater and one from where he has taught law. He has also earned the "Best of Congress Award", an award from the Pakistani government, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom with distinction.

After finishing his second term as vice president, Biden began working at the University of Pennsylvania. On April 25, 2019, Biden launched his presidential campaign for the 2020 election. On April 8, 2020, Biden became the likely nominee for the Democratic nomination after Bernie Sanders ended his campaign. On November 7, he defeated former President Donald Trump and became the president-elect of the United States. He became president on January 20, 2021. He is the oldest person to become president and the first from the state of Delaware. He is also the second Catholic president to hold the office after John F. Kennedy. Scholars and historians rank Biden as average in a list of greatest and worst presidents.

Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. was born on November 20, 1942 at St. Mary's Keller Memorial Hospital in Scranton, Pennsylvania. His family were Irish Catholics. His father, Joe Sr., was a businessman. When he was young, his family moved to Wilmington, Delaware. He also began to stutter at an early age. In high school, Biden played football and baseball, but he was not a very good student. Biden attended college at the University of Delaware and Syracuse University. He did not have to fight in the Vietnam War because he was going to college and had asthma as a child.

For many years, Biden was a U.S. senator from Delaware. Biden was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1972 when he was 29 years old. His election was somewhat of a surprise. The other candidate, J. Caleb Boggs, had more experience and more money to spend on his campaign. He is one of the youngest people to become a U.S. Senator, because he was only two months older than the minimum age, 30, required to be one. (While he was 29 during the election, he turned 30 before he became a senator.)

Biden was re-elected to the Senate six times. He became a prominent defender of Israel as a senator, and said that if there was no country like Israel the U.S. would have to make one. Later in his time in the Senate, Biden served as chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee. The Foreign Relations committee deals with American issues in other countries. When Biden was chair, the committee dealt with the 1991 Gulf War, the 2003 War in Iraq, and several treaties. The Judiciary Committee dealt with the choice of Clarence Thomas, Robert Bork, and others for the Supreme Court (SCOTUS). Biden thought that Thomas and Bork should not be on the Court. Though U.S. senators work in Washington, DC, Biden took the train home to Delaware every night.

Before becoming vice president, Biden was ranked one of the least wealthy members of the Senate, which he said was because he was young when elected to the Senate. In November 2009, Biden's net worth was $27,012.

Biden ran for president three times, in 1988, 2008 and 2020. The first time he was viewed as a good choice early on, but quit after it was discovered he gave a speech that was copied from Neil Kinnock, a British politician.
Biden tried again to get the Democratic Party's nomination in the 2008 presidential election. He ran mostly on foreign issues, especially getting U.S. troops out of Iraq. Many thought of him as a good choice for Secretary of State. He stopped his campaign on January 3, 2008 after he did not get many votes in the Iowa caucus. However, he later became Barack Obama's pick for vice president due to what he knew about Iraq and because the working class liked him.

When Biden was running for president, he criticized Obama, talking about his lack of experience, but later he supported Obama to become president. His opponent as vice president was Sarah Palin, who had less experience but was seen as more interesting by the media. Before the election, there were debates between the different candidates running for president or vice president. In the debate between Biden and Palin, many people believed that he knew more about running America than Palin did. 

On November 4, 2008, Obama and Biden defeated the McCain-Palin ticket in the general election, making him vice president-elect. They won the election by 365 electoral votes and 69 million votes, compared to incumbent McCain, who received 173 electoral votes and 59 million votes.

Biden became the 47th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2009. He was vice president until January 20, 2017. He is the first person from Delaware and first Roman Catholic to be vice president. Biden said that his vice-presidency would not be like any other. He said he would do things differently from Dick Cheney, who had been vice president before him. 

Biden's main role was as an advisor to Obama on issues of foreign policy and the economy. Obama asked for Biden's input on most major decisions, such as who to put in the Cabinet and how to fight the War in Afghanistan. Obama put Biden in charge of groups to deal with the problems of the working class, and to watch the money in his stimulus bill. Biden also traveled to the Middle East several times for Obama and the U.S. while Vice President. In 2011, Biden led talks on the budget and the debt. On November 6, 2012, Biden was re-elected for a second term as vice president along with President Barack Obama.

In August 2015, Biden said that he was thinking of running for president again in the 2016 U.S. election. Biden formed a PAC for his possible run. On October 21, speaking from a podium in the Rose Garden with his wife and President Obama by his side, Biden said he would not run for president in 2016.

Biden never had to break a tie vote in the United States Senate, making him the longest-serving vice president not to do this.

During a tour of the U.S. Senate with reporters before leaving office on December 5, 2016, Biden said that a presidential bid was possible in the 2020 presidential election, after leaving office as vice president. While on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" on December 7, he stated "never say never" about running for president in 2020, while also saying he did not expect he would run for office again. On January 13, 2017, exactly one week before Donald Trump took office. he said he would not run. However, four days later, on January 17, he took the statement back, saying "I'll run if I can walk."

Biden was mentioned by many news outlets as a potential candidate for the 2020 Democratic nomination. In March 2019, he said he may run.

He formally launched his campaign on April 25, 2019.

In April 2020, Biden became the only candidate in the primary making him the presumptive nominee for the nomination. At first, he lost the first three primary contests to Senator Bernie Sanders. After winning the South Carolina primary, he gained traction and won most of the Super Tuesday races.

Biden promised when elected he would protect "Roe v. Wade" decision, create a public option for health insurance, decriminalization of recreational cannabis, pass the Equality Act, create free community college, and a $1.7 trillion climate plan supporting the Green New Deal. He supports regulation instead of a complete ban on fracking.

In early 2020, Biden promised he would pick a woman as his running mate. He also promised that his first Supreme Court appointment would be a black woman. In August 2020, he picked California U.S. Senator Kamala Harris as his running mate.

On November 7, 2020, Biden defeated Trump in the general election, making him president-elect. He won the election by 306 electoral votes and 81 million votes, compared to incumbent Trump who received 232 electoral votes and 74 million votes.

Biden was elected the 46th president of the United States in November 2020, defeating the incumbent Donald Trump, the first president to lose re-election since George H. W. Bush in 1992.

He became the second non-incumbent vice president to be elected president, and the first Democrat to do so. He became the oldest president at the time of inauguration. He is the first president from Delaware.

At first, General Services Administrator Emily W. Murphy did not say Biden had won the 2020 election. On November 23, however, she recognized Biden as the winner of the 2020 election and authorized the start of a transition process to the Biden administration.

Biden was inaugurated shortly before noon on January 20, 2021 as the 46th president of the United States. At 78, he is the oldest person to become president. He is the second Catholic president (after John F. Kennedy) and the first president whose home state is Delaware. Biden is the first president since George H.W. Bush to hold both offices as president and vice president and the first president since Richard Nixon to hold them non-consecutively.

In his first two days as president, Biden signed 17 executive orders, more than most recent presidents did in their first 100 days. Biden signed more executive orders than any other president since Franklin D. Roosevelt had in their first month in office. His first actions were rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, ending the state of national emergency at the border with Mexico, rejoining the World Health Organization, a 100-day mandatory face mask requirements on federal property and acts to stop hunger in the United States. His presidency has been focused around his Build Back Better Plan agenda.

On February 4, 2021, he announced that the United States will stop giving weapons to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates for use in the Yemeni Civil War.

On March 11, 2021, the first anniversary of COVID-19 being declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization, Biden signed into law the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, a $1.9 trillion economic stimulus relief package. The package included direct payments to most Americans, an extension of increased unemployment benefits, funds for vaccine distribution and school reopenings, support for small businesses and state and local governments, and expansions of health insurance subsidies and the child tax credit. Biden tried to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, but removed it from the stimulus package after criticism from both parties.

In March 2021, when there was an increase in migrants coming to the United States from Mexico, Biden told migrants: "Don't come over." He said that the U.S. was arranging a plan for migrants to "apply for asylum in place", without leaving their original locations. In the meantime, migrant adults "are being sent back", Biden said, in reference to the continuation of the Trump administration's Title 42 policy for quick deportations. Biden earlier announced that his administration would not deport unaccompanied migrant children and told the Federal Emergency Management Agency to help take care of children separated at the border.

On March 23, 2021, all of his cabinet members were confirmed by the United States Senate. Biden is the first president since Ronald Reagan in 1981 to have all of his original Cabinet secretary nominees confirmed to their posts. Two days later, Biden announced that he would run for re-election in the 2024 election.

On April 22–23, Biden held an international climate summit at which he announced that the US would cut its greenhouse gas emissions by 50%–52% by 2030 compared to 2005 levels.

On April 28, 2021, Biden addressed the United States Congress in his State of the Union Address. Presiding over this joint session was the House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, and the Vice President of the United States, Kamala Harris as President of the Senate ― the first time two women preside over an address to Congress.

On June 17, Biden signed the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act, which officially declared Juneteenth a federal holiday. Juneteenth is the first new federal holiday since Martin Luther King Jr. Day was declared a holiday in 1986.

In July 2021, when not many people were getting their COVID-19 vaccine and the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant, Biden said that the country has "a pandemic for those who haven’t gotten the vaccination". He also criticized the increase of COVID-19 misinformation on social media, saying it was "killing people".

By early July 2021, most of the American troops in Afghanistan were leaving or had left. On August 15, during an offensive by the Taliban, the Afghan government collapsed. Biden reacted by ordering 6,000 American troops to help the evacuation of American personnel and Afghan allies. He has been criticized for the way he handled the withdrawal. He defended his decision to withdraw, saying that Americans should not be "dying in a war that Afghan forces are not willing to fight for themselves", since the "Afghan military collapsed [against the Taliban], sometimes without trying to fight".

In August 2021, the Biden administration pushed for an infrastructure bill that can reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of the United States by 45% by 2030. He would also support lowering taxes for people who invest in renewable energy and electric vehicles and would add a fee on methane emissions. The Senate passed a $1 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill, while the House, also in a bipartisan manner, approved that bill in early November 2021, covering infrastructure related to transport, utilities, and broadband. Biden signed the bill into law in mid-November 2021.

In the start of 2022, Biden's approval ratings were low. He started speaking more in public. Early in the year, Biden supported ending the U.S. Senate filibuster rule to pass a voting rights act.

In January, Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer said he would retire from the Supreme Court. Breyer's retirement gave Biden his first chance to nominate a justice to the Supreme Court. Biden had promised to nominate the court's first black female justice. On February 25, Biden nominated D.C. Appeals Court Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to replace Breyer. She was confirmed on April 7th.

On 24 February, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In response, Biden announced economic sanctions on Russia and Putin.

During 2022, gasoline and other prices rose. Some people blamed Biden's American Rescue Plan for this inflation. Opponents of Biden used "I Did That!" stickers, showed Biden pointing to that phrase, to criticize Biden for high gas prices. In May 2022, there was a nationwide shortage of infant formula. 

Biden tested positive for COVID-19 on July 21, 2022. Five days later, he left isolation after testing negative. However, on July 30, he tested positive again and went back to isolation.

On August 1, 2022, Biden announced the death of Al-Qaeda Emir Ayman al-Zawahiri in a U.S.-conducted airstrike that he approved.

On September 2, 2022, in a nationally televised Philadelphia speech, Biden said that Americans are in a "battle for the soul of the nation." He called active Trump supporters "semi-fascists," which Republican commentators criticized.

Republicans were expected to win the 2022 midterm elections. Many commentators thought they would win a large majority in the U.S. House. Some thought the GOP might win the U.S. Senate. However this did not happen. Republicans won a small majority in the U.S. House of Representatives with 222 seats. Democrats kept control of the U.S. Senate, with 51 seats. They actually gained one Senate seat.

It was the first midterm election since 1934 in which the president's party lost no state legislative chambers. Democrats thanked Biden for their unexpectedly good performance in elections, and he celebrated the results as a strong day for democracy.

On November 2, 2022, while packing files at the Penn Biden Center, Biden's lawyers found classified documents "locked closet". These documents were from when he was Vice President. According to the White House, the documents were reported that day to the U.S. National Archives. On December 20, a second set of classified documents was discovered in the garage of Biden's Wilmington, Delaware home. In January 2023, these discoveries were announced publicly. On January 12, Attorney General Merrick Garland created a special counsel to investigate. On January 20, after a 13-hour search by FBI investigators, six more items marked classified were taken from Biden's Wilmington home.

On February 20, 2023, four days before the one-year anniversary of the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Biden visited Kyiv and met with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska. While there, Biden promised more military aid to Ukraine and criticized Vladimir Putin. The trip was unannounced and many people were surprised. Biden became the first sitting U.S. President to go to an active war zone not controlled by the American military since 1864. The last time was Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War.

On April 25, 2023, Biden announced his re-election campaign for the 2024 presidential election.

On September 12, 2023, U.S. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy announced an impeachment inquiry into Biden, alleging corruption and illegal business activities surrounding Hunter Biden.

In October 2023, Biden announced support for Israel in its war against Hamas.

On December 13, 2023, the House of Representatives voted 221–212 to formalize an impeachment inquiry against Biden related to the business dealings of his son, Hunter.

There have been many photographs of Biden hugging, kissing, and touching women and/or children in what commentators said to be inappropriate. Biden has said that the behavior had got him in trouble in the past.

In March 2019, former Nevada assemblywoman Lucy Flores said that Biden kissed her without consent at a 2014 campaign rally in Las Vegas. Flores wrote that Biden walked up behind her, put his hands on her shoulders, smelled her hair, and kissed the back of her head. In an interview with "HuffPost", Flores stated she believed Biden's behavior should force him not to run in 2020. By early April 2019, a total of seven women had made such allegations regarding Biden.

In April 2019, former Biden staffer Tara Reade said that she had felt uncomfortable many times when Biden touched her on her shoulder and neck while working in his Senate office in 1993. In March 2020, Reade said Biden had pushed her against a wall and penetrated her while on Capitol Hill in 1993. Biden denied the allegations.

While in college, he married his first wife, Nelia Hunter. They had three children: two sons (Beau and Robert) and a daughter (Naomi). After college, he became a lawyer and served on a County Council. In 1972, Biden's family got into a car accident. Nelia and Naomi were killed, and Beau and Robert were hurt very badly. Both survived the accident. Beau was the Attorney General in Delaware until January 2015 and served as a soldier in Iraq. Beau died from brain cancer on May 30, 2015 in Bethesda, Maryland at the age of 46. Biden thought of resigning as vice president because of his son's death.

Biden married his second wife, Jill Jacobs Biden, in 1977. She is a teacher and the former second lady of the United States. In 1981, they had a daughter, Ashley, who is now a social worker. In 1988, Biden suffered from bleeding in his brain and needed brain surgery twice. Because of what he saw in his family and neighborhood, Biden does not drink alcohol.

Biden lives just outside of Wilmington, Delaware and often goes there on the weekends since becoming president. , the Bidens were worth $9 million, mainly because of Biden's book sales and speaking fees after his vice presidency.

In February 1988, Biden had surgery to help heal a brain aneurysm. While recuperating, he had a pulmonary embolism and recovered a few months later. In November 2020, while playing with his two dogs Champ and Major, he suffered a stress fracture in his foot and was hospitalized. In July 2022, it was revealed that Biden had some "non-melanoma skin cancers" removed before he became president. That same month, he was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Biden has received honorary degrees from the University of Scranton (1976), Saint Joseph's University (1981), Widener University School of Law (2000), Emerson College (2003), his alma mater the University of Delaware (2004), Suffolk University Law School (2005), and his other alma mater Syracuse University (2009).

Biden got the Chancellor Medal from his alma mater, Syracuse University, in 1980. In 2005, he got the George Arents Pioneer Medal—Syracuse's highest alumni award—"for excellence in public affairs."

In 2008, Biden got the Best of Congress Award, for "improving the American quality of life through family-friendly work policies," from "Working Mother" magazine. Also in 2008, Biden shared with fellow Senator Richard Lugar the Hilal-i-Pakistan award from the Government of Pakistan, "in recognition of their consistent support for Pakistan." In 2009, Biden got The Golden Medal of Freedom award from Kosovo, that region's highest award, for his vocal support for their independence in the late 1990s.

Biden is an member of the Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association Hall of Fame.

In 2017, during his final days as president, Barack Obama awarded Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with distinction.

In 2020, Biden and his Vice President Kamala Harris were named Time Person of the Year.



Postal codes in Switzerland

The postal codes of Swiss cantons:

Courtételle

Courtételle is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Delémont

Delémont (German: "Delsberg") is the capital of the Swiss canton of Jura. The city has about 12,000 people there since 2004.


Mr. Men

Mr. Men is a series of 52 children's books by Roger Hargreaves started in 1971. "Little Miss" was another series of 39 books by the same author with female characters that started in 1981. After Hargreaves died in 1988, his son, Adam Hargreaves, began writing and illustrating new stories about the "Mr. Men" and "Little Miss" characters. He created ten new characters; four of them were inspired by work Roger Hargreaves had produced before his death.



Mélodie

Mélodie is the French word for “melody”. The word is used in music to mean songs written by French composers of classical music from the mid-19th century to the present. The "mélodie" in French music is similar to the "Lied" in German music. ""Mélodie"" is not the same as "chanson" (the French word for “song”). The word ""chanson"" is used for folksongs or popular songs.

In Germany composers of classical music had been writing great songs from about 1800, but in France the "mélodie" became important about 50 years later. While some German "Lieder" were based on folksong, the texts of the "mélodie"s were usually poems by serious poets. 

Hector Berlioz was the first composer to call some of his compositions "mélodie"s. His "Les Nuits d'Été" (1841) is one of the greatest of all song cycles. Charles Gounod wrote about 200 "mélodie"s. He used texts by famous poets such as Hugo.

Gabriel Fauré wrote more than 100 "mélodie"s, many based on poems by Verlaine.

Henri Duparc wrote seventeen "mélodie"s. These are what he is known for.

Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel were very famous composers who wrote a lot of music, including "mélodie"s that are often sung today. Ravel’s melodies are unusual because they are often based on folksong. Other composers of "mélodie" at the time include Albert Roussel, Reynaldo Hahn and André Caplet.

"Mélodie"s continue to be composed today, though perhaps the last really popular composer of them was Francis Poulenc, who died in 1963.

In the French "mélodie" the poet’s feelings are often suggested or hinted at rather than stated in an obvious way. There is a very close relationship between the text (words) and the melody. To sing "mélodie" really well a singer must know the French language very well and understand a lot about French poetry. The rules about singing in the French language can be quite complicated. It is important to know when to let the last sound of a word run into the next word (elision). Several books have been written about this.

Although many famous singers are well known for singing French "mélodie", the most famous singer from the past was Pierre Bernac. He gave many song recitals with the composer Francis Poulenc who accompanied him on the piano. He wrote a book on how to sing "mélodie"s.

Stage6

Stage6 was a video sharing website. It was similar to other websites like YouTube because it let users upload, view, and share video clips. Unlike many other video sharing sites, Stage6 allowed users to upload better quality videos and very large file sizes. There are few upload limitations, and visitors could download videos easily through the website.

Stage6 was a video sharing community, where users could upload and share their video clips and stream them in high quality because the video clips were -encoded with DivX and Xvid video codecs. 

Unfortunately the website never got a chance to go grow beyond beta status and was shut down by DivX Inc. On February 29, 2008 because DivX was unable to support Stage6. 

On June 2008, CNET had stated that Stage6 was one of the greatest defunct websites in history. 

Stage6 was first launched in 2006 by DivX Ink and in public beta, Stage6 was a similar webpage like Youtube which had allowed its users to stream and upload videos, for those customers that had registered. 

On July 24, 2007 DivX had stated that they were pursuing to separate from Stage6, and become a single company away from DivX Inc. The Co-Founder and Executive Chairman Jordan Greenhall would be changing from his current role as CEO to manage the separating Stage6. 

It was successful, and was estimated to be done by 2007. By January 2008, Stage6 had a total of 10.7 million views. 

On February 25, 2008, DivX announced that they would shut down Stage6 on February 28, 2008, stating that they were unable to continue to provide the attention and resources required for its continued operation. 

A day later than stated, Stage6 ceased to operate, directing users to a Veoh welcome page designed specifically for the purpose of receiving the Stage6 community. 



Video sharing

Video sharing is when one person shares a video clip with another or many other people. This is usually done over the Internet. There are many websites that offer video sharing. Many people use these sites to share videos they have made with their family and friends. But, sharing videos which are copyrighted, like television programs, without permission from those who own them might be illegal.


Angus Young

Angus McKinnon Young (born 31 March 1955) is a Scottish-born Australian guitarist and songwriter. He is one of the founders of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. He is known for his style of playing the guitar, his very active performance while on stage, and schoolboy-uniform clothing. He was ranked 96th on "Rolling Stone"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s list "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time". Young uses Gibson SG guitars often but he also owns Fender Telecasters, Firebirds and ES-335s. In 2003, he became a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame along with other members of AC/DC.

His brothers are Malcolm and George Young.

Calvin Harris

Calvin Harris (born Adam Richard Wiles, 17 January 1984) is a Scottish singer, songwriter, DJ, and record producer. He was born to English parents. He grew up in Dumfries, Scotland. Calvin Harris was paid more than any other DJ in 2013.

Calvin Harris signed record contracts with EMI (publishing) and Sony BMG (recording) in 2006, after his music was found on the social networking website, MySpace. 

His first album "I Created Disco" was released on 18 June 2007. The album contained uptempo electronic sounding songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s. To promote "I Created Disco", Calvin Harris left to go on a tour of the UK, supporting Faithless and Groove Armada. "I Created Disco" featured the single "Acceptable in the 80s", a tribute to the style and culture of the decade. The song reached the top ten on the UK singles chart, remaining on the chart for fifteen weeks. "The Girls" was the album's second charted single. Harris' second single reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. Another single from the album was "Merrymaking at My Place"; however, it only reached #43 in the UK chart.

On 23 January 2009, Pete Tong played Harris' single "I'm Not Alone" on BBC Radio 1. 

"Ready for the Weekend", Calvin Harris' second album, was released 14 August 2009. It went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart.

In September 2011, Barbadian recording artist Rihanna released the single "We Found Love" for her sixth studio album, "Talk That Talk". The song was written and produced by Harris. The song was a worldwide success, topping record charts around the world, including those in Canada, the UK, and the US. It was named the 25th best-performing song of all time by "Billboard". 

In 2012, Calvin Harris released his third album "18 Months". Eight singles were released from it. They included "We Found Love", "Bounce" with American R&B singer Kelis, and "I Need Your Love" with English singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding.

In 2013, Calvin Harris' album "18 Months" was nominated for Best Dance/Electronica Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.

Calvin Harris released the single "Summer" in 2014. This was followed by the album "Motion" which featured the song "Outside" with Ellie Goulding.

He released the single "How Deep Is Your Love" in 2015 with the band Disciples. In 2016, he released the single "This Is What You Came For" with Barbadian recording artist Rihanna.

In 2017, he released the album "Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1". It featured six singles, including the song "Feels" featuring Pharrell, Katy Perry, and Big Sean, which reached number one in the UK. In 2018, Harris released "One Kiss" with British singer Dua Lipa, which also reached number one in the UK.

In 2007, Calvin Harris also recorded with Australian entertainer Kylie Minogue. He had caught Minogue's attention after his recordings had been passed on to her by another record producer. Calvin Harris says that working with her was "surreal, but fun" although revealed to Mixmag in 2007 to "needing a few drinks before meeting her." It has been confirmed that Harris has co-written and produced two songs on the forthcoming "Kylie" album, "In My Arms" and "Heart Beat Rock".

Calvin Harris began dating British singer Rita Ora in 2013. The two ended their relationship in June 2014. He was in a relationship with Taylor Swift from March 2015 until June 2016.

On 20 May 2016, Calvin Harris was hospitalized after being involved in a car accident. He was a passenger in a Cadillac sport utility vehicle that was hit by a Volkswagen Beetle. Calvin Harris was treated for a cut on the nose and later was released. Two of his DJ sets had to be canceled.


Nashville Sounds

The Nashville Sounds are a Minor League Baseball team from Nashville, Tennessee. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Sounds are partnered with the Milwaukee Brewers, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Brewers.

The team is named "Sounds" because Nashville, the city where the team plays, is famous for making country music.

The Sounds played at a stadium called Herschel Greer Stadium from 1978 to 2014. In 2015, the Sounds began to play at a new stadium called First Horizon Park.

The Sounds started playing baseball in 1978 in the Southern League, which is at the Double-A (AA) level, two levels before Major League Baseball. They were partnered with the Cincinnati Reds (1978–1979) and New York Yankees (1980–1984). The Sounds won the championship of the Southern League in 1979 and 1982.

In 1985, the Sounds began to play at the Triple-A level in a league called the American Association. While playing in this league, they were partnered with the Detroit Tigers (1985–1986), Cincinnati Reds (1987–1992), and Chicago White Sox (1993–1997).

The American Association ended after the 1997 season, so the Sounds started playing in the Pacific Coast League in 1998. They were partners with the Pittsburgh Pirates (1998–2004), Milwaukee Brewers (2005–2014), Oakland Athletics (2015–2018), and Texas Rangers (2019–2020). The Sounds won the championship of the Pacific Coast League in 2005.

Major League Baseball reorganized Minor League Baseball before the 2021 season. The Pacific Coast League was ended, and the Sounds began playing in the Triple-A East in 2021. They also became partners with the Milwaukee Brewers. The Triple-A East had its name changed to the International League in 2022.

The Sounds' first ballpark was Herschel Greer Stadium. They played baseball games there from 1978 to 2014. There were many changes to the ballpark after it was completed in 1978. It had seats for 10,300 spectators. Its best known feature was its giant 115.6 foot (35.2 m) scoreboard which was behind the left field wall and shaped like a guitar. After the construction of new and luxurious minor league ballparks in the 1990s, Greer had fallen below standards set for Triple-A stadiums by professional baseball. Therefore, there were several repairs and upgrades made to meet Triple-A standards until a new stadium could be built. Greer Stadium was demolished in 2019.

In 2014, the Sounds and the city of Nashville agreed on a plan to build a new baseball stadium for the team. The Sounds began playing baseball at the new stadium, called First Horizon Park, in 2015. It has space for 10,000 spectators. There are 8,500 seats, and there is a spot of grass where 1,500 others can sit. It also has a guitar-shaped scoreboard.


SuperDisk

LS-120 or SuperDisk is a high-speed, high-capacity alternative to the 90 mm (3.5 in), 1.44 MB floppy disk. It is called High density media. The main advantage when compared to FDD and ZD is the possibility to use the united mechanism for these special diskettes even for FDD and ZD. This SuperDisk was introduced by Iomega in 1995 as ZD. But the SuperDisks were not expanded because of slowness and unreliability in comparison with ZD.

SuperDisk 120MB Diskettes may still be available in the marketplace, however are no longer warranted. We do not have information about where these products can be purchased.

Once a drive fails, it may be impossible or expensive to get data off the diskettes.

SuperDisk diskettes are etched with a servo pattern at the factory. This pattern is then read by the SuperDisk drive to precisely align the read/write head. The result is that a SuperDisk diskette can have 2,490 tracks, as opposed to the 160 tracks that conventional 3.5-inch 1.44 MB diskettes use. 

Unlike other removable disk storage solutions, such as the Zip drive, SuperDisk is backward compatible with older diskettes. This means that the same SuperDisk drive can be used to read and write to older 1.44 MB diskettes as well as the new 120 MB SuperDisk diskettes. 

Here are some current data storage and backup technologies that Imation supplies for a variety of customer needs. A combination of backup media may be the best course; for instance, backing up currently used files to Flash Drives or Micro Drives, and keeping seldom used files on DVD or CD.that snapbacks are back.

Good Hair Day

Good Hair Day (also called ghd) is an English hair styling company. It is the UK's leading maker of hair irons and hair products.

Good Hair Day is owned by Jemella Group. The company was started in 2001 by Martin Penny, Gary Douglas and Robert Powls. In 2007, after being sold to Lloyds Development Capital, Jemella was re-sold 11 months later to Montagu Private Equity group for ₤160 million.

The brand has received endorsements from celebrities, such as Madonna, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Victoria Beckham. Because of this, Martin Penny won the North Region Consumer Products Entrepreneur of the Year in 2005 for the product, and Consumer Products Entrepreneur Of The Year. The product has been involved with many fashion shows, such as New York Fashion Week, Alice McCall, and Willow Lingerie, and also sponsored the 2004 season of reality TV program The Salon.



Wells Gray-Clearwater Volcanic Field

The Wells Gray-Clearwater Volcanic Field is a volcanic field in east-central British Columbia, Canada.

Blake River Megacaldera Complex

The Blake River Megacaldera Complex is a giant caldera cluster that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada. It is considered to be a supervolcano because of its great size (3,000 km) and its numerous dikes and vents. The cluster is about 2700 million year old. 


2014

2014 (twenty fourteen) (MMXIV) was .





















Mike Reiss

Mike Reiss (born September 15, 1959 in Bristol, Connecticut) is an American television comedy writer. He went to Harvard University. He was co-president with Jon Vitti of the Harvard Lampoon. He has frequently collaborated with his writing partner Al Jean as a writer for "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", and writers/producers for many episodes of "The Simpsons". The duo created and executive produced "The Critic" and "Teen Angel", which was cancelled in its first season. Reiss independently produced a short internet cartoon series entitled "Queer Duck" for Icebox.com. In 2002, the series was picked up by Showtime, where it aired as a supporting feature to "Queer as Folk". "Queer Duck: the Movie" was released on DVD July 18, 2006. The feature film reunites the Queer Duck cast. As a professional speaker, Reiss has lectured on comedy and the Simpsons at colleges. He has published six children's books, including "How Murray Saved Christmas". He also won an Edgar Award for his mystery story "Cro-Magnon PI".


Al Jean

Al Jean (born January 9, 1961 in Farmington Hills, Michigan) is an American television comedy writer best known for his work on "The Simpsons". He has been showrunning (managing) "The Simpsons" since season 13.


Sam Simon

Sam Simon (June 6, 1954 - March 8, 2015) was an American television producer and writer, most notable as one of the original developers of "The Simpsons", along with Matt Groening and James L. Brooks. He is perhaps best known for his creation of many "Simpsons" characters.

In late 2012, Simon was diagnosed with terminal colorectal cancer which later metastasized in his other organs, including his liver and kidneys. Simon died in his Los Angeles home from complications from the disease on March 8, 2015.


William H. Macy

William Hall Macy (born March 13, 1950) is an Emmy Award-winning and Academy Award-nominated American Actor. He was in the movie "Fargo". He is also a teacher and director in theatre, movie and television. He is now known for his award-winning role as Frank Gallagher in the television series "Shameless".

Macy and actress Felicity Huffman dated on-and-off for 15 years and married on September 6, 1997. They have two children, daughters, Sophia Grace (born December 1, 2000) and Georgia Grace (born March 14, 2002).


Rowan Williams

Rowan Douglas Williams, Baron Williams of Oystermouth, DD, PC, FBA (born 14 June 1950) was the 104th Archbishop of Canterbury from 2002 until 2012. In this role he was the most senior bishop in the Church of England and the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion. Williams is a distinguished theologian and poet. He is the current Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is married and has a daughter and son.

Williams was ordained as a priest in 1978, and was consecreated as a bishop in 1992. He served as Bishop of Monmouth from 1991. He held the office of Archbishop of Wales from 2000 until his election as Archbishop of Canterbury.

Following his retirement as archbishop, he was created a life peer as "Baron Williams of Oystermouth".


Kate Nash

Kate Marie Nash (born 6 July 1987) is a British singer and songwriter and actress.

Nash was born in Brent. She grew up in Harrow, North West London. Her father is English; her mother is Irish. She first became interested in music during her childhood when she learned how to play the piano.

Nash's début single was a double-A side single (recorded in Iceland), released through independent record label Moshi Moshi Records in February 2007. Only 1000 copies were released, and it was on available on 7" vinyl. Because the single was so popular, 1000 additional copies of the single were made and sold out extremely fast. The A-side was called "Caroline's a Victim", an electronic sounding song about Kate Nash's friend Caroline. A video for the song was released and received a lot of airplay on the music television channel, MTV2. The video was directed by Kinga Burza and it featured Nash playing different instruments at the same time that her friend "Caroline" sits in her room playing music, taking photographs, trying on different clothes, listening to David Bowie, putting on makeup and sitting at her computer checking a website.

The B-side to the single was "Birds", it is an acoustic song that tells the story of a boy's clumsy attempts to try and explain to his girlfriend how he feels about her, all the while the girl does not know what her boyfriend is talking about.

In March 2007, Nash was signed to Fiction Records.

In April 2007, Nash and other up-coming London acts were mocked through a nasty imitation of Nash's song, "Caroline's a Victim" entitled "LDN Is A Victim." The song mocked Nash and Lily Allen, among others, for singing in a Cockney accent, despite their privileged backgrounds.

Her second single named "Foundations", was released on 25 June 2007 and reached number two in the UK Singles Chart.

Following the success of "Foundations", Fiction Records announced plans to release Nash's album earlier than expected, on 6 August 2007. The album, which was named "Made of Bricks", included many of the tracks which Kate Nash had been performing on her two nationwide tours. On her tours Kate Nash was supported by a British duet, called Peggy Sue & The Pirates. The album received mixed reviews, The Independent describing it as being in "pole position for worst album of the year.". "Made of Bricks" reached the UK Number 1.

In June 2007 Nash performed at many summer music festvals, including O Wireless Festival, the Bestival, Electric Gardens, Glastonbury Festival and the Latitude Festival, she also played at the Reading and Leeds Festivals, Oxegen and T in the Park. She made her first official television performance on "Later with Jools Holland", also appearing on other TV shows, "Popworld", "The Friday Night Project", GMTV and "This Morning" during 2007.

On 4 March 2013 she released her third album "Girl Talk". She released it on her own record label 10p Records. It was not as successful as her first two albums and reached No.85 in the UK Albums Chart.

She was featured on the Top of the Pops Christmas special on 25 December 2007. She performed her single, Foundations.

Nash features on rapper Kano's album which is called "London Town", in a song titled "Me & My Microphone". She is also featured in the song "Look What You've Done" from Lethal Bizzle's latest albumwhich is named, "Back To Bizznizz".

She stated in an interview with NME that she was writing a series of short stories influenced by Roald Dahl, including one based around a seven-foot transvestite named Roy, and would like to release a collection. Nash would probably release her books under a false name.

Single person

A person is called single if he or she is not married, not in a civil union, and not in a sexual or romantic relationship. In a more general sense, the word also means that person currently has no exclusive partner, like a boyfriend or girlfriend. Such people can be classified into different types:

In English, male singles used to be called "bachelors", female singles used to be called "spinsters" (or "bachelorettes", more recently). In general, the word "single" is used more often now, because it also does not make a difference between the two sexes. 

Catfish

Catfish are an order of teleost fish, the Siluriformes. There are about 40 families in the order.

They are called catfish because their barbels look like the whiskers of a cat. They are very diverse. The heaviest is the Mekong giant catfish, up to 350 kg (770 lb). The longest is the wels catfish, up to 4 m (13 ft). There are also detrivores in the group. There are some tiny parasitic catfish called candiru. Some catfish are grown for food, in fish farms. Some catfish can be kept in aquaria.

Most catfish do not harm people, but some of them can cause problems. It is said that the candiru can enter the human urethra, where they stay as parasites. In normal life they are parasites on fish gills.

The Malapteruridae are a family of electric catfish. Several species of the family can produce an electric shock of up to 350 volts using electroplaques of an electric organ.

The wels catfish ("Silurus glanis") is a large catfish.

"Corydoras" is a genus of popular aquarium fishes.

The widemouth blindcat ("Satan eurystomus") is another species of catfish.

Madtoms are catfish comprising the genus "Noturus".

The channel catfish ("Ictalurus punctatus") is a North American freshwater catfish.

Species of the genus "Ictalurus" have been introduced into European waters in the hope of obtaining a sporting and food resource. Walking catfish have also been introduced in the freshwater areas of Florida.


Adam's apple

The Adam's apple is a feature of the human neck. The medical name in English for it is the laryngeal prominence. This lump is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage ("a type of soft bone") around the larynx (part of the throat which holds the vocal chords).

The Adam's apple can usually be seen better in adult men than in women, girls, or boys. The Adam's apple is only part of the thyroid cartilage around the larynx. A large Adam's apple is commonly seen as a male secondary sex characteristic, although not all males have it and quite a few women have one too.

It is called "Adam's apple" as a reference to the forbidden fruit, which according to a traditional Jewish belief, got stuck in Adam's throat. Different languages use the same term, for instance "Adamsappel" (Dutch), "pomme d'Adam" (French) and "Adamsapfel" (German). Until the 19th century, the medical term was also generally "Pomum Adami". When the Basle Nomina Anatomica was introduced in 1895, it became "Prominentia laryngea".

Adam's apple (disambiguation)

An Adam's apple is a structure in the front of the throat more prominent in men than women.

Adam's apple can also mean:



Forbidden fruit

The words forbidden fruit stand as a metaphor (an image). The metaphor comes from the book of Genesis in the Bible. There Adam and Eve are thrown out of Paradise because they eat from the tree of knowledge.

The fruit has commonly been represented as an apple due to wordplay of the Latin word for apple, "malus", which can mean both "evil" and "apple". The Bible does not specify a fruit, but locates it as being at the very center of The Garden of Eden. In Judaism the fruit is believed to be either a grape, a fig, a citron or wheat. Most scholars say that the type of fruit is not forbidden, it was just the fruits of that particular tree that were. 

In general, the term can also refer to something illegal or immoral to do. It might also be dangerous. Many times this is about sex outside of marriage.


Real Sociedad

Real Sociedad de Fútbol is a Spanish football team. The team is in Donostia-San Sebastián in the Spanish province of Guipuzcoa. It was created in 1909. In the 2006/07 season, the team was in La Liga. After 40 years in this division, in the season 2007/08 Real Sociedad plays in Segunda División. The colors of the team are blue and white. 


Anoeta Stadium is the stadium of Real Sociedad. Anoeta has a capacity of 32 000. Anoeta Stadium was opened in 1993. 


Richard Mentor Johnson

Richard Mentor Johnson (October 17, 1780 – November 19, 1850) was the ninth vice president of the United States, serving with President Martin Van Buren. A resident of Kentucky, Johnson served as a U.S. representative and senator from Kentucky, and in the Kentucky House of Representatives.

Johnson started his career as a lawyer representing many people for free. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1806. During the War of 1812, Johnson led troops against the British.

Johnson later served in the Senate before being chosen as vice president. Johnson was elected by the Senate and not through the normal election because he did not have enough electors to win. This happened because Johnson lived with a slave named Julia Chinn, had two children with her, and treated her like his wife.

Johnson was not chosen to run with Van Buren in 1840. Johnson served in the Kentucky House of Representatives again as well as ran for a Senate seat again. In 1850 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives again but died two weeks into his term on November 19, 1850.

Allemande

An allemande () is a dance that was popular in Baroque music of the 17th and early 18th centuries. The word comes from the French word for "German".

Composers of the Baroque period often wrote a group of dances called a suite. There was usually an allemande, a courante, a sarabande and a gigue, in that order. Sometimes there were one or two other dances as well. Sometimes a suite started with a prelude (an introductory movement) before the allemande.

The allemande was played at a moderate speed - not very fast, nor very slow. There were usually 4 beats in a bar (4/4 time) but also sometimes in 2/2 time, and it started with an anacrusis (an upbeat, i.e. one, or possibly a small group of notes which were not on the first beat of a bar).

Illegal drug trade

The illegal drug trade or drug trafficking is a global black market and includes the growing, making, distribution, and sale of illegal drugs. While some drugs are legal to possess and sell, in most areas laws do not allow the trade of some drugs.

Trade in drugs includes many which, correctly used, have a medical function.

Those drugs often include heroin, cocaine, marijuana or others. Drug traffickers may be punished with time in prison for several years. In some countries, the crime carries the death penalty.

Several countries use the death penalty to punish people for drug trafficking.



Mortadella di Bologna

Mortadella di Bologna is an Italian kind of sausage. It is made of ground pork meat. Salt, pepper, sugar as well as small cubes of pork fat are added. It is then made into big sausages. It is then cooked in special ovens at 90°C (194° Fahrenheit). Some kinds of Mortadella have other spices in them. 

As a Protected Geographical Status food, Mortadella di Bologna must come from the Bologna province.

Mortadella is also produced and consumed in other countries. It is very popular in Spain, and Portugal. 

Many Italians emigrated to South America in the early 20th cenury. For this reason, Mortadella is also very popular in Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Brazil, Ecuador, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay and Venezuela. In these countries it is spelled <nowiki>"mortadela"</nowiki>, and its recipe is quite similar to the traditional Italian, with additional pepper grains.

Courante

A courante () is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries. The word comes from the French word for to "run".

The courante was a fast, running dance with 3 beats in a bar (the time signature was often 3/2, although sometimes it was 3/4). During the 17th century the French courante started to become slower than the Italian corrente, and it often had more counterpoint (imitating parts). However, this was not a strict rule, and the courantes that Bach wrote were both Italian and French in style, and sometimes he called them "courante" and sometimes "corrente".

Composers of the Baroque period often composed a group of several dances. This was called a suite. There was usually an allemande, then the courante was the second dance, followed by a sarabande and a gigue and sometimes one or two other dances or as well.

Sarabande

A sarabande (spelt sarabanda in Italian), is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries.

Composers of the Baroque period often composed a group of several dances. This was called a suite. There was usually an Allemande, a Courante, a Sarabande and a Gigue, in that order, and sometimes two Bourrées as well.

The sarabande was a slow, stately dance with 3 beats in a bar (3/4 time or Simple Triple). There was always a small stress (Tenuto) on the second beat of the bar. The note on the first beat would often be played quite short so that the second beat would feel heavy. Like the other dance movements in the suite, the Sarabande was in Binary form.

The sarabande seems to have come from Central America where it was known as "zarabanda". Although it was mainly used in the Baroque Period, composers in the 20th Century such as Debussy, Satie, Howells and Britten sometimes wrote Sarabandes.

Perhaps the most famous Sarabande is one written by an unknown composer. The piece is called "La folie espagnole". Many Baroque composers such as Monteverdi and Corelli and even some modern ones used this well-known tune.

The sarabande has been used a lot in movies, including one by Ingmar Bergman called "Saraband" (2003). It uses the sarabande from the 5th suite for solo cello by Bach.

Gigue

The gigue or giga is a lively baroque dance. "Gigue" (pronounce "jeeg") is the French word, and "giga" (pronounce "jee-ga") is the Italian word. The English word is "jig" and in England this refers to a folk dance.

The gigue was one of the movements in a series of dance movements called suites written by Baroque composers. The Baroque suite normally had an Allemande, a Courante, a Sarabande and a Gigue to finish with. Sometimes there were one or two other movements as well.

The gigue usually has a compound metre such as 6/8, 6/4, 9/8 or 12/16. They often have a contrapuntal texture and each phrase is usually four bars long. Like all the dances in the Baroque suite, the gigue is in binary form. The second half will usually start with the main tune in inversion (upside down).

Canobbio

Canobbio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland

It is not to be confused with Ca"nn"o"b"io in nearby Italy.


Capriasca

Capriasca is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Capriasca was created on 15 October 2001 by a merger of the former municipalities of Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca, Tesserete and Vaglio. On 20 April 2008 the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined together and became the municipality of Capriasca.


Carabbia

Carabbia was a municipality until 2008, when it was moved to the municipality of Lugano, in the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Carabietta

Carabietta was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Capolago

Capolago was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Carona, Ticino

Carona was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Caslano

Caslano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is near to the Italian border.


Altentreptow

Altentreptow () is a town in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Rural District, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. Altentreptow is the chief town of the Treptower Tollensewinkel amt.

It is on the river Tollense, north of Neubrandenburg and south of Greifswald.

The town was called Trybethowe in 1175. From 1191 it was being called Trebutowe, and Tributowe in 1245. The name Treptow was being used is 1254. In 1295 the Latin "Antiquum Treptow" was used. This means Old Treptow, or in 

Until 1939 the city's name was "Treptow an der Tollense" (Treptow on the Tollense).

The town was burned down several time in the 1500s. Later, during the Thirty Years War the Holy Roman Empire's army was forced to leave the town by the Swedish Army. Later Prussian troops returned, threw the Swedes out, and looted (robbed) the town.

By the 18th century wars had made the town very poor. The city wall was taken down to get new land for growing food.

1869 a new city hall was built and there were cloth weavers and spinning mills as well as farmers in the city.

Later a new mill, but this was burned down ´in 1999. A railway line connected the town with Neubrandenburg and Stralsund, and a school, a bank, a hospital and a post office were opened.

1888 a dairy cooperative was started, and they opened new building in 1995.

Electricity arrived in the city in 1916. This encouraged more people to move to the city and build.

The official name of the city was "Treptow an der Tollense" until 26 January 1939.

A big residential area arose with 1049 flats was built between 1960 and 1985. In the middle of the 1960s the old primary school was changed to a home for old people and a zoo was opened in 1972.

Altentreptow was the capital of the Landkreis (administrative district) Altentreptow from 1952 to 1994.

After the German reunification the old town centre was rebuilt. A modern hospital was opened with 108 beds in 2001.

 Meldorf


Cavagnago

Cavagnago is a former municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012 the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Caviano

Caviano was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Cavigliano

Cavigliano was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Cavigliano, Tegna and Verscio merged to form the new municipality of Terre di Pedemonte.

Cerentino

Cerentino is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Certara

Certara was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Cevio

Cevio is the capital of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 22 October 2006, Cevio became bigger when it came together with the villages of Bignasco and Cavergno. Both were municipalities of Ticino before this coming together.

Cevio is about northwest of the city of Locarno in the upper Vallemaggia. Most of the area of the municipality, about 64 percent, is covered with trees. About 25 percent of the area has mountains. Only 5 percent of the langer is used for farming.

Cevio has been the main town of the district for a long time. In 1858, the municipality of Linescio broke off from it.

In the fall of 2006, the villages of Cavergno and Bignasco were put into the municipality, even though Bignasco did not want to do so.

The inhabitants of Cevio speak using a language that is different from the Italian.


Bignasco

Bignasco is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. Bignasco is not a free municipality anymore after merging with another village to become Cevio.

Cavergno

Cavergno is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. Cavergno is not a free municipality anymore after merging with the village Bignasco to form the municipality Cevio.

Lucca

Lucca is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany. The city is on the river Serchio in a very fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is the capital city of the Province of Lucca.

Lucca was founded by the Etruscans. It later became a Roman village in 180 BC. The Romans built an amphitheatre that is still seen in the Piazza dell'Anfiteatro. Lucca was an important city and fortress even in the 6th century, when Narses attacked it over and over again for several months in 553. During the 10th and 11th centuries, Lucca was the capital of the feudal territories of Tuscany, with more power about the Roman Emperor.

After the death of Matilda of Tuscany, the city began an independent commune. For almost 500 years, Lucca remained an independent republic. There were many minor communes in the region between southern Liguria and northern Tuscany (which was filled by the Malaspina). Tuscany in this time was part of feudal Europe. Dante’s "Divine Comedy" was written to remember the days spent in his exile in Lucca.

In 1273 and again in 1277, Lucca was ruled by a Guelph (captain of the people) named Luchetto Gattilusio. In 1314, after internal problems Uguccione della Faggiuola of Pisa make himself lord of Lucca. The people of the city made him leave two years later and "condottiere" gain the leadership. In 1325, in the battle of Altopascio, Lucca soldiers defeated Florence's Guelphs with the help of Castracani, a leader of the city in time of war. After they won, Castracani was named "Duke of Lucca" by Louis IV the Bavarian. Until the French Revolution in 1789, Lucca was independent from Venice and Genoa. It was a city controlled by democracy or sometimes by oligarchy.

Lucca was the second largest Italian city-state (after Venice) with a republican constitution ("comune"). In 1805 Lucca was taken over by Napoleon, who put his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi in the place reserved for the "Queen of Etruria". The city became a part of Tuscany in 1847 and later a part of Italy.

The walls around the old town are intact as the city grew and became more modern. This is unusual for cities in the region. A famous place is the house where Puccini was born. The house is open to the public.

There are many churches in Lucca:

Other sights include:

Every year in Lucca there are two important festivals. The Lucca Summer Festival is a rock music festival. "Lucca Comics and Games" is the largest meeting about comics and games of Italy.




Massa

Massa is a town and "comune" in Tuscany, Italy, in the centre of province of Massa-Carrara. It is in the northern part of the Tuscany region.

Massa is near the sea, and has a population of approximately 69,000 inhabitants, distributed in five areas. 

The Massa area has a high number of touristists, and it's famous for concentration of some 600 industrial and craft activities where are working about 7,000 people. 
Together with the twin town of Carrara, Massa is worldwide known for the extraction and production of marble.

From the 15th to the 19th century, Massa was the capital of the independent Principate (later Duchy) of Massa and Carrara, controlled and ruled by the Malaspina and Cybo-Malaspina families.

In 1829, the city was handed by the Austrian Este family. In 1859, during the unification of Italy process, it joined the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Massa's attractions include: 

Carrara

Carrara is a city in the province of Massa-Carrara (Tuscany, Italy), famous for white or blue-gray marble, and for being a city "symbol" of international anarchism.

Carrara was ruled by Pisa in 1235, Lucca in 1322, Genoa in 1329, and Milan in 1343. After Filippo Maria Visconti of Milan died in 1477, Carrara was controlled by Tommaso Campogregoso, lord of Sarzana, and the Malaspina family.

Carrara and Massa made up the Duchy of Massa and Carrara from the 15th to the 19th century. In 1929, the cities of Carrara, Massa and Montignoso were joined into a single big city, called "Apuania". In 1945 "Apuania", was abolished, and the cities were separated.


Carrara marble has been used since the time of Ancient Rome for buildings, like the Pantheon and Trajan's Column in Rome. Many sculptures of the Renaissance, such as Michelangelo's "David", were made from Carrara marble.

The city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities. The local marble is exported around the world.



298 Baptistina

298 Baptistina is a common Main belt asteroid. It was found by Auguste Charlois on September 9, 1890 in Nice.

Although it has an orbit similar to the Flora family asteroids, it was found to be an unrelated asteroid.

A 2007 US-Czech study decided that 298 Baptistina may be the biggest remnant of a 170 km (110 mile) asteroid that was destroyed about 160 million years ago in an impact with a smaller body, making the Baptistina family of asteroids and that the Baptistina event may have created the eventual impact asteroid believed by many to have caused the K/T extinction event about 65 million years ago. This is the K/T impactor believed to be shown in the geological record. This theory has not, as yet, found general acceptance among the scientific community.

VLC media player

VLC media player (also known as VLC or VideoLAN Client) is a free software media player by the VideoLAN project.

It is a highly portable multimedia player, encoder, and streamer that supports many kinds of audio and video. VLC can repair and play corrupt files, damaged or unfinished.

It is one of the most platform-independent players, available for BeOS, BSD, Linux, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Solaris and Windows CE, and had over 50 million downloads for version 0.8.6.

VLC uses a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries. Many of its codecs are provided by the libavcodec codec library from the FFmpeg project, but it uses mainly its own muxer and demuxers. VLC gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted DVDs on Linux by using the libdvdcss DVD library.

VLC was initially the client for the VideoLAN project, and it was originally made by students at the École Centrale de Paris, and was released under the GPL license on the 1 February 2001. It now has supporters and contributors worldwide.

The icon of VLC is a traffic cones collected by Ecole Centrale's Networking Students' Association.

VLC has a very flexible design, which makes it easier to include modules for new file formats, codecs or streaming methods. There are more than 300 modules in VLC. VLC also supports highly personalizable skins through the skins2 interface, Winamp 2 and XMMS skins and can play high definition recordings of D-VHS tapes duplicated to a computer using CapDVHS.exe



Guitar Hero (video game)

Guitar Hero is a music video game, released on November 8, 2005 for the PlayStation 2. The game uses a guitar-shaped controller that allows players to simulate the playing of rock music. "Guitar Hero" has earned comparisons to "Dance Dance Revolution" played with a guitar. Despite a high price for the guitar/game bundle, "Guitar Hero" was very successful and had several sequels; "Guitar Hero II" and "", as well as other games in the music game genre. The game features artists such as David Bowie, Judas Priest, Sum 41 and Deep Purple

Guitar Hero II

Guitar Hero II is a music video game, released for the PlayStation 2 on November 7, 2006 and the Xbox 360 on April 3, 2007. It is the sequel to "Guitar Hero". The game features a guitar-shaped controller that allows players to simulate the playing of rock music. Much like the original game, "Guitar Hero II" was very successful and helped the "Guitar Hero" series become a cultural phenomenon. The game features artists such as Aerosmith, Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Rage Against the Machine and Guns N' Roses.

PeaZip

PeaZip is an open source, cross-platform, portable data compression, file manager and encryption software, available for Microsoft Windows and Linux.

PeaZip created and can open the "Pea" archive format, made by the same corporation. Peazip is written in Free Pascal, using Lazarus. Peazip is under the GNU Lesser General Public License, PeaZip is free software.

Peazip can change look, like opacity, colors, and icons.

7Z, 7Z-sfx, BZip2/TBZ, GZip/TGZ, LPAQ1/5, PAQ8F/JD/L/O, PEA, QUAD/BALZ/BCM, split (.001), TAR, WIM, XZ, ZIP

ACE, ARJ, CAB, CHM, COMPOUND files (MSI, DOC, PPT, XLS...), CPIO, DEB, ISO CD/DVD images, Java archives (JAR, EAR, WAR), LZH, NSIS installers, OpenDocument, PET/PUP (Puppy Linux installers), PAK/PK3/PK4, RAR, RPM, WIM, XPI, Z, ZIPX



Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock

Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock is a music video game, released on October 28, 2007. The game, like "Guitar Hero II", was made for PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360, but this time it was also released for PlayStation 3, Nintendo Wii, PC and Mac home computers. The game features a guitar-like controller that simulates the playing of rock music. The game has a number of controllers like microphones and keyboards that can be bought.

There are songs in this game by many bands and singers. Some of these include "Anarchy in the U.K." by the Sex Pistols, "Paint it Black" the Rolling Stones, "Even Flow" by Pearl Jam, "Through the Fire and Flames" by DragonForce, "Before I Forget" by Slipknot, "Story of my Life" by Social Distortion, "My Name is Jonas" by Weezer and "The Number of the Beast" by Iron Maiden.

Volcanic Explosivity Index

In volcanology, the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) is the way to measure the strength of a volcanic eruption. The Volcanic Explosivity Index measures how large or strong volcanic eruptions are. The index is a scale of 0 to 8. 0 is very small, and 8 is huge and very rare.

The largest eruption in modern times, the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, was a 5 on the index. The Oruanui eruption of the Taupo Volcano in New Zealand was the world’s largest known eruption in the past 70,000 years was an 8. Another eruption of the Taupo volcano happened about 1,800 years ago. It was the most violent eruption in the world in the last 5,000 years. Mt Tambora was a 7 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index. Supervolcanoes have a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 8; and if the definition is expanded, also include volcanoes with a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 7.



Lockheed U-2

"For the band, see U2 (band)."

The U-2 (nicknamed the Dragon Lady) is an espionage fixed-wing aircraft made by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin). It first flew in 1955 and was introduced in 1957. It flies a lot like a glider. It was made during the Cold War, because the United States needed a way to look at the Soviet military from high up. Taiwan also used it to spy on China.

The United States wanted to keep the purpose of the U-2 secret, but on May 1, 1960, Francis Gary Powers was shot down in his U-2 by a Soviet SAM SA-2 missile. In 1962, Powers was released and traded for captured Soviet spy Rudolf Abel. After this, the SR-71 Blackbird started spying on the Soviet Union, which was faster and harder to see on radar.

The U-2 is still in service even though the design is over 50 years old.

The U-2S is 62.99 feet (19.20 meters) long, 104.99 feet (32 meters wide), and is 15.75 feet (4.80 meters) tall. It weighs 14,991 pounds (6,800 kilograms) empty, but when full, it weighs 41,006 pounds (18,600 kilograms). It is powered by one General Electric F118-101 engine with 17,000 pounds (7711.2 kilograms) of thrust. It can go 475 miles per hour (764 kilometers per hour), fly 7,000 miles (11,265 kilometers) without refueling, and can fly upwards of 70,000 feet (21,336 meters), possibly as high as 84,974 feet (25,900 meters).

The Soviet military shot down a U-2 spy plane that was doing aerial reconnaissance over the Soviet Union. They shot it down with a surface-to-air ballistic missile. The pilot survived and was captured and sentenced to 10 years of hard labour in a Soviet gulag for espionage.

Russell Brand

Russell Edward Brand (born 4 June 1975) is an English comedian, actor, television presenter, radio host author and activist. He is best known for playing Dr. Nefario in the films "Despicable Me" (2010), "Despicable Me 2" (2013) and "" (2022).

In 2004, he presented "Big Brother's Big Mouth", a side-show of "Big Brother UK". In 2006, he started presenting a radio show, "The Russell Brand Show", on BBC Radio 6 Music. In 2007 the show was moved to BBC Radio 2. He was involved in a controversy over a prank phone call with Jonathan Ross in 2008. After this Brand quit his job at the BBC.

He presented "Russell Brand's Ponderland" in 2007 and 2008. He wrote a book in 2007 about his life, which is called "My Booky Wook". In October 2014, he wrote another book called "Revolution".

Many people notice his unusual fashion sense; his choice of clothing and hairstyle is unique. He has been diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar disorder. He has had bulimia nervosa and been addicted to crack cocaine, heroin and alcohol. 

As of March 2013, Brand has not used drugs or alcohol for ten years. From 2006 to 2008, Brand won The Sun's Shagger of the Year award. He has been arrested 12 times. He married Katy Perry in October 2010. He filed for divorce from her in January 2012, which was finalised in July 2012. He dated Jemima Khan from 2013-2014. 

In 2017, Brand married Scottish lifestyle blogger Laura Gallacher. They have a daughter.

Brand lives in Shoreditch, London.

Cypher

A cypher is an algorithm for performing encryption (coding) or decryption (decoding). It is a series of well-defined steps that can be followed as a procedure. To encipher or encode is to convert information from plain text into cipher or code. 

In non-technical usage, a 'cipher' often means the same thing as a 'code'; but in cryptography, cyphers are distinguished from codes. One 20th century source gives this explanation: a cypher is "a method in which the basic unit of concealment is the letter. 

In comparison, a code is a form of concealment in which the basic unit is the word". Late in the century, "codes" in this cryptographic sense became rare. 21st century cryptography mostly encrypts bitstreams. 

Codes operated by substituting according to a large codebook which linked a random string of characters or numbers to a word or phrase. For example, "UQJHSE" could be the code for "Proceed to the following coordinates".

A cypher is used to turn the original information ("plaintext") to the encrypted form "ciphertext". The ciphertext message contains all the information of the plaintext message, but cannot be read by human or computer without the proper mechanism to decrypt it.
To encipher or decipher, you need the "key". In encryption, a key specifies the particular transformation of plaintext into ciphertext, or vice versa during decryption.

By type of key used cyphers are divided into:

The word cypher in French is "cifre" and in Medieval Latin "cifra", from the Arabic "sifr", meaning 'zero'. The first known English use of "zero" was in 1598.


Chief Justice of the United States

The Chief Justice of the United States is the senior judge of the Supreme Court of the United States.

They have no more powers than any of the other judges of the Supreme Court, who are called Associate Justices. The Chief Justice is responsible for organizing the Court's schedules and administration.

By tradition, the Chief Justice administers the oath of office to the President of the United States. The only time this has not happened is when Calvin Coolidge became president. 

Sturmabteilung

The Sturmabteilung (; often shortened to SA) was a paramilitary group for the German Nazi Party.
Their leader was Ernst Röhm.
The group was important in helping Adolf Hitler gain power in the 1930s.

In English, they are often called the Stormtroopers or the Brownshirts, while "Sturmabteilung" literally translates to “assault detachment” or “assault section”.
They wore a brown uniform, similar to the black uniform worn by Mussolini's Blackshirts.

The word "Sturmabteilung" was used before the founding of the Nazi Party in 1919.
It originally comes from the specialized assault troops used by Germany in World War I using "" infiltration tactics.

The SA played a key role in Adolf Hitler’s rise to power in the 1930s.
Other political parties also had their own partisan militia, and the SA fought them.
The SS began as a small part of SA, and later replaced them.

The Army and other conservatives disliked the SA.
In 1934 Hitler launched the Night of the Long Knives in which the Schutzstaffel arrested and killed their leaders.



Green card

Green Card or Permanent Resident Card is an identification card that proves that someone who is not a United States citizen is a permanent resident of the United States. The holder of the card is allowed to live, work and study in the United States on a permanent basis.

Most people get Green Cards after being sponsored by a family member, such as a wife or husband, or by an employer that is located in the United States. Other people may become permanent residents through refugee or asylum programs, or similar programs designed to protect their human rights. In some cases, a person may be allowed to file for their own Green Card without a sponsor.

After five years of legal permanent residency within the United States, the holder of the card is eligible to become a U.S. Citizen.

Council of Chalcedon

The Council of Chalcedon was an ecumenical council that took place from October 8 to November 1, 451, at Chalcedon (a city of Bithynia in Asia Minor). Chalcedon is today part of the city of Istanbul on the Asian side of the Bosphorus. 

The most comprehensive confession of the Person of Christ was made at the Council of Chalcedon in 451:

For many people, these definitions were too dogmatic; The Oriental Orthodox Churches split from the main church (that would later become the Roman Catholic and the Eastern Orthodox Church). 



Chalcedon

Chalcedon (Χαλκηδών, sometimes transliterated as "Chalkedon") was an ancient maritime town of Bithynia, in Asia Minor, almost directly opposite Byzantium, south of Scutari (modern Üsküdar). Today, in modern Turkish, Chalcedon is called Kadıköy and a district of Istanbul, Turkey.

Bithynia

Bithynia was an old kingdom of a Roman province in the northwest of Asia Minor. It was at the coast of the Black Sea. It was named after the Bithyni, a tribe that moved there from Thrace. It was an important territory for the Roman empire. Bithynia was also the site of early Christian activities in the first and second centuries AD.


Kadıköy

Kadıköy is a large district on the Anatolian side of İstanbul, Turkey. It is on the shore of the Sea of Marmara. It faces the historic city centre on the European side of the Bosporus. Kadıköy was known as Chalcedon in ancient history.


Antiquity

Antiquity may mean:

Bosporus

The Bosporus or Bosphorus is a strait that forms part of the boundary between the European part of Turkey and its Asian part (Anatolia). It connects the Black Sea with the Sea of Marmara. It is about 30 km long, with a maximum width of 3,700 metres at the northern entrance, and a minimum width of 700 metres between Kandilli and Aşiyan; and 750 metres between Anadoluhisarı and Rumelihisarı. The depth varies from 36 to 124 metres in midstream.

The shores of the strait are heavily populated as Istanbul is located on each side. Three bridges and one tunnel cross the strait.


Strait

A strait is a narrow channel of water between two land areas. A strait connects two bodies of water. Straits often connect two seas. Many straits are economically and strategically important. Straits may be part of important shipping routes. So, someone who controls a strait can control the shipping. Wars have been fought to control them. Although rivers and canals often connect two large lakes or a lake and a sea, they are not straits. Straits are much larger and wider and do not have water running in a single direction.

Well-known straits in the world are:


Channel

Channel, channels, channeling, etc., may refer to:













Strait of Dover

The Strait of Dover or Dover Strait is the strait at the narrowest part of the English Channel.

The strait is at the east end of the English Channel, where it joins the North Sea. Its width is the shortest distance between France and England. On a clear day, it is possible to see the coastline on the other side and the buildings on the shore without the help of binoculars.

The shortest distance across the strait is from the South Foreland, some 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Dover in the county of Kent, England, to Cap Gris Nez, a cape near Calais in the "département" of Pas-de-Calais, France. Between these two points – the most popular route for cross-channel swimmers – the distance is just 33 km (20 mi).


SA

SA is an abbreviation. It can stand for different things.




The Pigeon Detectives

The Pigeon Detectives are an English band who originated from Rothwell in Leeds, they formed in 2002. They have received praise by such well known DJs as Steve Lamacq and Jo Whiley, and performed at the Reading and Leeds Festivals in 2006, where they were "the band most likely to leap to the main stage in 2007” in an issue of the NME.

They supported "Dirty Pretty Things" whilst they toured in spring 2006. In early November 2006 they supported The "Kaiser Chiefs", who are known to be admirers of the band. On 8 July 2007, they played on the Radio 1 NME Stage in front of thousands of people at T in the Park. The performance was televised and shown later that day on BBC3 television channel.



Hirschaid

Hirschaid is the biggest municipality in the district of Bamberg. About 11,650 people live there. The mayor is Andreas Schlund.

Julián Marías

Julián Marías Aguilera (June 17, 1914 – December 15, 2005) was a Spanish philosopher. He is the author of "History of Philosophy" (1941) written in Spanish on the subject of the history of philosophy. He was a pupil of the Spanish philosopher José Ortega y Gasset.

Deuteronomy

Deuteronomy is a book in the Bible. It is the last of the five books of Moses, meaning it deals with Moses, the Israelites and their ancestors, and their relationship with God. It is part of the Torah. The Hebrew name of the book is , which means 'Words.'

The book begins with the words Moses spoke to the Israelites in the wilderness east of the Jordan. He told them that they had been very rebellious towards God, so God made them travel from place to place before reaching the land he promised them. This was the fortieth year they travelled.

Moses told the Israelites what had happened throughout their journey. He scolded them for disobeying God, who made them go through a very hard journey. Moses then gave them the Law, teaching them what must be done, and what cannot be done. These laws were given to him by God. (See Ten Commandments.) The Law warns against worshipping other gods, and tells that all Israel, every one, must obey God alone. He warned them against worshipping idols, and commanded them to treat the poor, foreigners, and orphans well. If the Israelites obey God, they will prosper (be successful). But God predicted that the future generations will suffer because of their disobedience. One day, however the Israelites would return to God.

God then commanded Moses to write the Law on stone tablets for the Israelites to remember. Then Moses formally made Joshua, son of Nun, the new leader over the Israelites. God gave Moses a song to sing, and asked him to teach it to the Israelites. The song would remind them in the future about how they had gone against God.

Moses was very old - 120 years - during that time. He knew he was going to die because God had told him it would happen. Therefore, before he died, he gave a blessing to all the twelve tribes of Israel.

Finally God made Moses climb Mount Nebo and showed him all the land he was giving to Israel. Because Moses and his brother Aaron disobeyed God earlier on, Moses was not allowed to enter the land, only to see it. Moses died on Mount Nebo, and the Israelites mourned for him for thirty days. After that Joshua began to lead Israel under God's command.




Viareggio

Viareggio is a city in northern Tuscany in Italy on the coast of the Tyrrhenian Sea. With over 63,000 people it is the main centre of the northern Tuscan Riviera known as Versilia, and the second largest city in the Province of Lucca.

Viareggio is famous for the "Passeggiata", a promenade, and for the oldest Carnival in Europe, the "Carnevale di Viareggio".

The city’s name comes from the Latin "via regis", the name of the Medieval road used for going to Lucca.

In the area we can find the rest of Ligurian, and other peoples from north Italy. The area of "Ersilia", is very rich in old artifacts.

With time, Viareggio has also gained the title of Capital of Versilia. The first historical fact concerning Viareggio dates 1169 when a wooden tower guarding coast was built, however Viareggio, was in a bad area for living, how Giovanni Boccaccio spoke in his book the "Decamerone".

This century was perhaps one of the most difficult periods for the 300 inhabitants of Viareggio; the area was really bad, for the life, often people died for malaria, but however slowly Viareggio changed its appearance; two small churches and as many factories were built, followed by a number of small shops.

With the fall of Napoleon, Viareggio was the centre of several acts of violence. In March 1814 viareggini, (the people born in Viareggio) attack the French soldiers.

Viareggio remained under the control of the Austrians until 1817 when, as part of the agreements from Congress of Vienna, Maria Luisa di Borbone was assigned the new Duchy of Lucca. In 1820 Viareggio was officially proclaimed city.Carlo Ludovico di Borbone helped the city, building a new church, a royal casino and two beach resorts, the first ones to be built in Viareggio.

During these years Viareggio’s economy had a very rapid expansion about the sailboat industry.

Viareggio begins to be a place for tourism, The "Passeggiata" or promenade was born, with its cafés and shops, contributing to make famous the city, that after will be called friendly the ""Pearl of the Tyrrhenian Sea"".

During World War II Viareggio was subject to heavy bombings and entire suburbs of the city were destroyed.After the war, the reconstruction was really hard to do.Today Viareggio is a very nice city for tourism.

Patron saint of the city is Maria Santissima Annunziata




The oldest carnival in Italy and Europe, and surely the most important. It was started in 1873. The official masks of the Carnival are Burlamacco and Ondina, drawn for the first time in 1930. Since 1954, RAI broadcasts the event on national TV.The carnival it's really famous because, on the carnival, there are masks about ministers, or show man.


In Viareggio there are many resources, sea tourism, with the very nice cost, tourism, and a very big industry about flowers and fruit.Viareggio is famous in Italy for the beauties local shops, near the city and near the beach.





Static random-access memory

Static random-access memory (SRAM) is a type of RAM that keeps data that is fed to it without having to be refreshed over and over again. 

Both DRAM and SRAM store information in binary by using very small electronic components. Both are volatile (need electric current flowing to keep the negative and positively charged components stay that way).

One difference is that SRAM are also used for specific applications within the PC, where their good points outweigh their bad points compared to DRAM.

Like other semiconductor chips, SRAM chips are made by photolithography. 

For SRAM, each bit is composed of between four and six transistors, forming a flip-flop to hold information. This complexity is what makes SRAM bigger and more expensive than DRAM. In DRAM each bit has only one transistor plus a capacitor acting like a miniature rechargeable battery).




Damnation

In Western Christian belief, damnation to hell is the punishment of God for persons who were sinners.

In Eastern Christian traditions (Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy), as well as some Western traditions, it is seen as a state of separation from God, a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the "Mediator" and "Great Physician".



Chester Bennington

Chester Charles Bennington (March 20, 1976 – July 20, 2017) was an American musician, singer, songwriter, rapper and actor. He was the lead singer for Linkin Park.

Bennington was born in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. He was interested in music since he was young and he liked mostly Depeche Mode and Stone Temple Pilots. His parents separated in the late 1980s, and was raised by his father. Later he had problems with drugs. 

At the beginning he was a vocalist in a grunge band called Grey Daze. He left Grey Daze in 1998. After that, the vice president of A&R at Zomba Music in Los Angeles, offered Bennington an audition with Linkin Park. Bennington went to California and joined the band. Their name was “Hybrid Theory” back then. The other vocalist was Mike Shinoda. After some rejections, Jeff Blue operated to help the band sign with Warner Bros. Records.

In spite of the success in the early 2000s, Bennington has had personal problems outside of the public interest.

Bennington had a son in 1996 by Elka Brand and in 2006 adopted her other son who was born in 1997. In 1996 Bennington married Samantha Marie Olit. Their child was born in 2002. The couple divorced in 2005. In 2006, Bennington married Talinda Bentley, a former "Playboy" model. He had three children with Bentley, a son born in 2006, and twin daughters born in 2011.

Bennington died by suicide by hanging himself on July 20, 2017 at his home in Palos Verdes Estates, California at the age of 41, the day on what would have been his close friend, Chris Cornell's 53rd birthday who also died by suicide a few months earlier.






National Anthem of the Dominican Republic

"Himno Nacional" ("National Anthem") is the national anthem of the Dominican Republic. The music was written by José Reyes (1835-1905) and the lyrics (words of the song) by Emilio Prud'homme (1856-1932).

This anthem was played for the first time on 17 August 1883 in Santo Domingo. In 1897, Prud'homme made some corrections to its original poem.

"Himno Nacional" was made the official Dominican national anthem on 30 May 1934.


PetSmart

PetSmart Inc. is an American pet supply company. They sell pet supplies and services like grooming and dog training in the United States and Canada. The name PetSmart was made as a pun.


Chironico

Chironico was a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Cimadera

Cimadera was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Claro, Ticino

Claro was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.


Claro

Claro may mean:


SCSI

SCSI is a set of standards for physically connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices, such as a hard drive or CD or DVD drive. SCSI stands for Small Computer System Interface, although the "small" is historic; SCSI is used on both large and small computers. SCSI is usually pronounced as "scuzzy". 

Few of these peripherals (other than hard drives and tape drives) were made after the 20th century. Later ones used USB or in some cases Firewire.

SCSI goes from a bus slot on the motherboard. There is a card called host adapter on the motherboard. From this card is a managed data cable. This cable connects individual SCSI peripherals. Each peripheral has its own sequencer which is functional independent. Operation of the data cable is controlled by the host adapter. This makes it possible to install internal or external components. The CPU is not loaded by transferring data.

Each peripheral has its own sequencer and host adapter. They can be used for communication with devices by a defined "computer" language. They could also cooperate with other peripherals of SCSI. Hard disks, optical drives, tape adapter units, ZIP drives, scanners and printers used SCSI. 

SCSI is not restricted by conditions (for example: by data capacity). One of the main advantages of SCSI is a possibility to daisy-chain devices. There is a device on the bus SCSI which controls this. 

For example, hard disk defines “head's of operations” etc. At the same moment the other device could send data to other devices, (scanner). Operations of other device are not cancelled with origin connection. After transferring data to scanner device could continues with transferring data to hard disk. SCSI is faster because of this fact even maximal speed of transferring is not so different to EIDE.

Each peripheral of SCSI has to be identified. That is the reason why every peripheral must have a unique ID. This number is set by a bond or shunt on the case of components. There cannot be two devices on the same bus with the same ID.

Buses have to be finished with resistances, called terminators. On the last devices it is necessary to install terminators.

The host adapter has to be in connection to assign system resources - addresses I/O, IRQ, DMA, reserved memory.

SCSI has existed for a long time. That is why there are many kind of SCSI. They are different in data width (8 or 16 bits) and working frequency (from 5 MHz to 80 MHz). With 8-bit data width, the parallel SCSI bus can be connected to 8 devices (used a 50 pin connector); with 16 bits, the SCSI bus can be connected to 16 devices.

In addition to the parallel SCSI interface, there are also other interfaces that use the SCSI protocol but use different cables.


Musical form

The term musical form can have two meanings:



Electric Gardens

Electric Gardens Festival, sometimes called Electric Gardens, 'EGFestival', 'EGFest', or 'EG', is a medium sized music festival at Mount Ephraim, Faversham in Kent. The festival happens on a weekend in early August.

The first time the festival took place was in 2006. There are plans to hold the festival every year.

A bus was parked at the festival, by Myspace. The bus was used for the music players to meet people. Free gifts and information are also given from here.




Margarita

Margarita may mean:


Near East

The Near East is a large area of land in the eastern hemisphere. Countries of the eastern Mediterranean are part of the Near East. The name of the Near East comes from its position to the east of Europe and to the west of the Middle East and the Far East.

The Levant, Mesopotamia, Anatolia, Iran, and Egypt are all regions that are part of the Near East. In the past, the Balkan Peninsula, south-west Asia, and northern Africa were part of the Near East as well.

The Near East is also a name for Middle East which archaeologists, geographers and historians use.

The term "Near East" came into use in the 1890s, when European powers had to deal with two critical situations in the "east". The Sino-Japanese War in 1894–1895 in the Far East, and the Armenian Genocide in the Near East.

British archaeologist D.G. Hogarth published "The Nearer East" in 1902, which helped to define the term and its extent, including Albania, Montenegro, southern Serbia and Bulgaria, Greece, Egypt, all the Ottoman lands, the entire Arabian peninsula, and western parts of Iran.

Collina d'Oro

Collina d'Oro (called Gold Hill in English) is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was made on 4 April 2004 from the merging of the villages of Agra, Gentilino, and Montagnola. On 1 April 2012, it incorporated the formerly independent municipality of Carabietta.


Far East

The term Far East means countries of East Asia, North Asia and Southeast Asia. It became used in the English language during the period of the British Empire for lands to the east of British India. 

Before World War I, the "Near East" meant relatively nearby lands of the Ottoman Empire, "Middle East" northwestern South Asia and Central Asia, and "Far East" countries along the western Pacific Ocean and countries along the eastern Indian Ocean. Many European languages have analogous terms, such as the French ', Spanish ', Portuguese ', German ', Italian ', and Dutch '. 

"Far East" is never used for the culturally Western nations of Australia and New Zealand, which lie even farther to the east of Europe than much of East Asia.

Montagnola

Montagnola is a small Swiss village in the Collina d'Oro municipality. Along with the villages of Agra and Gentilino, it makes the new municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Comano

Comano could mean:

Comano, Ticino

Comano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Contone

Contone was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Corippo

Corippo is a former municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

With a population of just 17 as of December 2004, it is the smallest municipality in Switzerland. It has many of the things that communities many times its size has: an official website (www.corippo.ch ), its own coat of arms, a village church, a restaurant, and a mayor who leads a town council made up of three local citizens. The village has remained independent since 1822.

On 17 October 2020 the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.

Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley about 12 kilometers (7.4 miles) from Locarno at the north end of the reservoir Lake Vogorno, and 20 km from the border with Italy. The houses are built from the local Ticino granite with slate roofs and have changed little for several hundred years, leading the Italian writer Piero Bianconi to describe Corippo as "Verzasca's gentlest village".


Corticiasca

Corticiasca was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined and became the municipality of Capriasca.

Cresciano

Cresciano was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino and Osogna merged to form the new municipality of Riviera.


Croglio

Croglio was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021, the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form the new municipality of Tresa.


Cugnasco

Cugnasco was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Cugnasco and Gerra (Verzasca) merged to form the new municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.


Cureglia

Cureglia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Curio

Curio could mean:

Curio, Ticino

Curio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Dobryanka

Dobryanka (, 58°27′N, 56°25′E) is a town in Perm Krai, Russia. It is a center of Dobryansky District. As of 2005, there were about 36,100 people.

Dobryanka was founded in 1623 and became a town in 1943. It is one of the oldest settlements of Perm Krai.

Grosseto

Grosseto is a town in the central Italian region of Tuscany. It is the capital of the Province of Grosseto. The city is 12km from the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is in the Maremma near the Ombrone river. Grosseto has 80,742 people. It is a small city but the province is the largest of the Tuscany. It's very comfortable because there is the sea near it.

Grosseto was one of the main Etruscan cities. The city was under the control of the Aldobrandeschi family. In 1137, the city was captured by German soldiers under the control of Duke Henry X of Bavaria. In 1151, the people of Grosseto agreed to be under the control of Siena. In 1222, the city returned to the Aldobrandeschi. When Siena captured the lands of the Aldobrandeschi in 1244, Grosseto was under their control again. The city tried to free itself in 1266 and 1355 but failed.

Sienese control of the Grosseto lasted until 1559 when Charles V gave control of the city to the Medici. It then became part of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany.



Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport

The Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its headquarters are in Berlin, but the second office, in Bonn, has more staff.

The Minister is also "Beauftragter der Bundesregierung für die neuen Bundesländer" That is, he is the government's special representative for the old states of East Germany. His job is to help those states to rebuilld industry, improve roads and jobs and become as rich as the other states of Germany.

The Federal Ministry of Transport, Building and Housings (BMVBW) was formed in 1998 when the "Federal Ministry of Transport" and the "Federal Ministry of Environmental Planning, Building and Construction and Urban Development" were joined. The ministry was renamed in 2005 to the Federal Ministry of Transport, Building and Urban Development.

Both of these earlier ministries were founded in 1949.

Philosophy of science

Philosophy of science is the part of philosophy that studies the sciences.

Philosophers who are interested in science study how knowledge is built up by scientists, and what makes science different from other activities. No doubt, modern science has advanced knowledge in a wide range of fields. How has it done this? To tackle this issue, a number of other issues also have to be tackled.

Some people think that in earlier times, science was nothing but organized common sense. Thomas Henry Huxley thought this. However, during the twentieth century, science produced many ideas which were nothing like common sense, like general relativity. Then it was clear that science really was something different from common sense. But what was it? This is called the demarcation problem.

The demarcation problem refers to the distinction between science and non-science (like pseudoscience). Karl Popper called this the central question in the philosophy of science. No solution to the problem has had full agreement among philosophers; some of them think the problem is insoluble or uninteresting.

The logical positivists tried to base science on observation. In their view, truth was achieved by logic and observation. Non-science was non-observational and meaningless.

Against that, Popper argued that the central property of science is falsifiability. All scientific claims can be proved false, at least in principle. If no such proof can be found despite sufficient effort, then the claim is likely true. Popper's ideas were applauded by many scientists (like Peter Medawar). However, skeptics noticed that ideas were often not discarded when a prediction was refuted. The ideas were simply adjusted to take into account the new findings. It was clear from this that, although falsifiability was important, it could not be a simple way to distinguish science from non-science.

Other approaches were tried. One idea that science was a problem-solving process aimed at finding answers to questions. Of course, many other fields try to answer questions and solve problems. Another approach was to define science as the search for objective truth. But objectivity is very hard to define, and whether science really is objective is open to question.

With biology, the situation wasn't the same as other parts of science. There were thousands of published observations, and Darwin showed that sense could be made of the observations. He used those ideas to prove evolution had taken place. In a natural history science (such as biology, geology or astronomy), one of the main jobs of science is to explain what has happened and what is seen. Obviously, explanations as well as observations and theories are part of the philosophy of science.

Both theory and observations are part of science, and they are tied together in a kind of cycle. A clear example was the prediction of Einstein that a source of gravity (such as a star) would bend light passing nearby. An expedition was organised in 1919 to record the positions of stars around the Sun during a solar eclipse. It showed that the positions of the stars close to the Sun were changed slightly from their normal expected positions. The light passing close to the Sun was pulled towards the sun by gravitation. This seemed to prove Einstein's general theory of relativity, published in 1915. Many years later, the proof was shown to be wrong. But by then other observations (of time dilation) showed that Einstein actually was right. Gravitational lensing proved that light was pulled towards the Sun.

The point here is that the observation and the theory were connected. The observation would not have been made but for the theory, and then the observation was convincing evidence in favour of the theory. The theory had passed a critical test. Since then, many more tests have been made of Einstein's ideas, and all have been consistent with his theory.

According to common sense, science begins with observations: all scientific knowledge come from the facts of experience. Theories are produced by observation of these facts and are then tested by prediction.

Here is a schema of this idea of science that some philosophers call a "naive" conception of science:

This naive conception is not held by many philosophers today. For one thing, it sees science as a one-way engine from 'facts' (what are they?) to theories and predictions. As shown by the Einstein example, where a theory led the other way round, the model does not fit much of science. In fact the relationship between the parts of a scientific philosophy are extremely complex.

According to Pierre Duhem and W.V. Quine, it is impossible to test a theory in isolation. For example, to test Newton's Law of Gravitation in our solar system, one needs information about the masses and positions of the Sun and all the planets. Famously, the failure to predict the orbit of Uranus in the 19th century did not lead to the rejection of Newton's Law. Instead, it lead to the rejection of the hypothesis that there are only seven planets in our solar system. The investigations that followed led to the discovery of an eighth planet, Neptune. If a test fails, something is wrong. But there is a problem in figuring out what that something is: a missing planet, badly calibrated test equipment, an unsuspected curvature of space, etc.

One consequence of the Duhem-Quine thesis is that any theory can be made compatible with any empirical observation by the addition of extra (ad hoc) hypotheses. This is why science uses Occam's Razor; hypotheses without justification are eliminated. This led Karl Popper, to reject naïve falsification in favor of 'survival of the fittest', or most falsifiable, of scientific theories. In Popper's view, any hypothesis that does not make testable predictions is simply not science. Such a hypothesis may be useful or valuable, but it cannot be said to be science. W.V. Quine thought that empirical data are not enough to make a judgment between theories. In this view, a theory can always be made to fit with the available empirical data. However, this does not necessarily imply that all theories are of equal value, because scientists often use guiding principles such as Occam's Razor.

One result of this view is that specialists in the philosophy of science stress the requirement that observations made for the purposes of science be restricted to "intersubjective" objects. That is, science is restricted to those areas where there is general agreement on the nature of the observations involved. It is comparatively easy to agree on observations of physical phenomena, harder to agree on observations of social or mental phenomena, and difficult in the extreme to reach agreement on matters of theology or ethics (and thus the latter remain outside the normal purview of science).

Is there any scientific method at all? Paul Feyerabend argued that no description of scientific method could possibly encompass all the approaches and methods used by scientists. Feyerabend objected to prescriptive scientific method on the grounds that any such method would stifle and cramp scientific progress. Feyerabend claimed, "the only principle that does not inhibit progress is: "anything goes"".

Thomas Kuhn denied that it is ever possible to isolate the hypothesis being tested from the influence of the theory in which the observations are grounded. He argued that observations always rely on a specific paradigm, and that it is not possible to evaluate competing paradigms independently. By "paradigm" he meant a consistent "portrait" of the world, one that involves no logical contradictions and that is consistent with observations made from the point of view of the paradigm. More than one such logically consistent construct can paint a usable likeness of the world, but there is no common ground from which to pit two against each other, theory against theory. Neither is a standard by which the other can be judged. Instead, the question is which "portrait" is judged by some set of people to promise the most useful in terms of scientific "puzzle solving".

For Kuhn, the choice of paradigm was sustained by, but not ultimately determined by, logical processes. The individual's choice between paradigms involves setting two or more "portraits" against the world and deciding which likeness is most promising. In the case of a general acceptance of one paradigm or another, Kuhn believed that it represented the consensus of the community of scientists. Acceptance or rejection of some paradigm is, he argued, a social process as much as a logical process. Kuhn's position, however, is not one of relativism. According to Kuhn, a paradigm shift occurs when a number of observational anomalies (problems) in the old paradigm have made the new paradigm more useful. That is, the choice of a new paradigm is based on observations, even though those observations are made against the background of the old paradigm. A new paradigm is chosen because it does a better job of solving scientific problems than the old one.

The fact that observation is embedded in theory does not mean observations are irrelevant to science. Scientific understanding derives from observation, but the acceptance of scientific statements is dependent on the related theoretical paradigm as well as on observation. Of course, further testing may resolve differences of opinion.



Volterra

Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is in the province of Pisa. Volterra was once one of the 12 cities in Etruria. In the middle ages it was an independent city until it was conquered by the Florentines and then the Medicis. It has its own cathedral, and is built on top of an ancient volcanic hill.

The city was a Neolithic settlement and an important Etruscan center. It became a "municipium" (a type of Roman city) in the Roman Age. Volterra was attacked and controlled by Florence many times. When the Florentian Republic fell in 1530, Volterra came under the control of the Medici family. It later became part of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany.

The original Etruscan city walls remain in parts, and the remains of the Roman baths, aqueduct and amphitheatre (arena). Visitors to Volterra have to leave their cars outside the town walls, in car parks.


The Medici Villa di Spedaletto is located outside the city in direction of Lajatico. Also near the city, in the Valle Bona area, are excavations of Etruscan tombs.



Dynamic random-access memory

Dynamic random access memory is the most commonly used form of RAM.

DRAM is called dynamic (or active), because it must be refreshed all the time or it will lose the data which it is supposed to be storing. Because it loses data when power is removed, DRAM is called volatile. This word comes from the Latin adjective "volātilis", which means "flying, fleeting, transitory".

Refreshing DRAM means "reading" the data "from" the DRAM and directly "writing" them "back" to the DRAM.
DRAM is made up of millions of very small capacitors. Each of these capacitors has a transistor to let energy in and out. The capacitor slowly loses energy, and if the DRAM is not refreshed, in the end one or more of the capacitors will let so much energy out, that for example a 1 will become a 0, so data will be lost or corrupted. Almost all computers refresh their DRAM many times per second. 

DRAM is often compared to SRAM (Static RAM). SRAM is able to store data as long as power/energy is used. There is no need to refresh it. SRAM can also be faster than DRAM. But SRAM is much more expensive than DRAM. Also, SRAM uses more electric power and heats up much faster than DRAM.
DRAM and SRAM lose the data when the power to them is turned off, unlike non-volatile random-access memory. 

Touchpad

A touchpad (also called a trackpad) is a type of input device for computers that does the same things as a computer mouse. It is made up of a flat, touch-sensitive surface which the user slides one or more fingers on to move the cursor on the screen. Next to the touchpad are push-buttons that work just like mouse buttons, including left-clicking and right-clicking. In some newer touchpads, there are no actual buttons, and clicking is done by pushing near the button of the touchpad itself.

Unlike computer mice, touchpads stay in one place when they are being used. This makes it easy to build them into hardware. They are mostly found on laptop computers because, when the user is travelling, sometimes he or she cannot use a mouse. But most laptops do allow the user is able to attach (connect) a separate mouse. Besides laptops, touchpads are also more and more used on mobile devices with a GUI, including MP3 players (a well-known one being the iPod) and mobile phones (such as the BlackBerry). However, touchpads on today's mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers have been replaced with the touchscreen, which is used much like a touchpad except the screen is built into the touch-sensitive surface itself so that no mouse cursor is needed. One can just touch anywhere on the surface to choose what is on the screen at that part.

Most touchpads have the function of tapping, which imitates the left-click button on a mouse. New models of touchpads often do more things because they can respond to the pressure of more than one finger. This is called multi-touch and makes it possible to do things like scroll though, zoom in and out, and rotate a page or part of the screen. The user can choose and change which functions happen if the user does certain moves. For example, the normal function for tapping on the pad is the left-click on the mouse. The user can change it in the settings section to the right-click of the mouse, if the user likes it better.


Fingerprint scanner

Fingerprint scanners are security systems of biometrics. They are used to unlock doors and in other security applications. During the 2010s fingerprint scanners became commonplace on mobile phones.

People have a pattern of ridges on their fingers. This fingerprint cannot be removed or changed. Every fingerprint is different from any other in the world. Because there are countless combinations, fingerprints are much used for identification.

They are based on the oldest technique, that consists of placing your finger on a glass surface or a prism that is illuminated by a led diode. When the ridges of fingerprints touch the surface, the light is absorbed, while between these crests a total reflection occurs. The resulting light and dark areas are recorded in an image sensor. 

In practice there are some difficulties with this technique: wet and dry fingers make very different images, and the system is sensitive to dust and dirt on the surface. The unit is large and expensive. This system is also easy to cheat and if the skin is damaged, the fingerprint is not recognized correctly. The recognition of the fingerprint of older people is also difficult to do because their skin may not be elastic enough. In some circumstances this may result in false recognition. If the stored fingerprint was taken with less pressure, false acceptances may occur.

The sensor is a silicon integrated circuit with a surface that is covered by a large number of transducer elements (or pixels), with a typical resolution of 500 dpi. Each element contains two adjacent metal electrodes. The capacitance between the electrodes, which forms a feedback path for an inverting amplifier, is reduced when the finger is applied to said surface: it is further reduced when it detects ridges and less reduced when it detects the space between them.

The sensor is susceptible to electrostatic discharge. These sensors only work with normal healthy skins, they are not operative being used on skins with hard areas, calluses or scars. Moisture, grease or dust can also affect its operation.

It consists of tens of thousands of tiny pressure transducers that are mounted on the surface of the sensor. An alternative design uses switches that are closed when pressed by a ridge, but that stay open when they are under a valley. This only provides one bit of information per pixel, instead of working with a gray scale.

In this case the heat driven by the finger is detected, which is greater when there is a ridge than when there is a valley. A silicon component has been developed with a matrix of pixels called "FingerChip", that is, "finger integrated circuit", each of which is covered with a layer of pyroelectric material in which a change in temperature translates into a change in the load distribution of its surface. The image is in the gray scale that has the right quality even with the finger worn, with dirt, with grease or with humidity. The sensor has a robust protective layer and can provide a dynamic output.

Most of the sensors described have been altered in the past. To avoid this, a new operating mode has been added. Instead of simply placing your finger statically on the sensor, the finger moves slowly along it. The sensor only has a narrow sensitive area, and generates a complete sequence of images, which can be reassembled, by means of a processor, in a complete image. The benefits are improved appreciably and the elimination of any residual grease is guaranteed.

The most important use area is in access control for computers. This is especially important for laptops and PDAs. Thanks to the price falling, more and more devices are equipped with sensors. Other devices with built-in fingerprint sensors include USB hard drives, USB memory modules and card readers. They are also available in mice and keyboards. 

Sensors are increasingly used to secure financial transactions and change machines for "online" banking. In the future, the owner's fingerprint will be stored securely on identity cards and credit cards and may also be used for authentication of emails using digital signatures.

Direct physical access to rooms and devices can also be ensured by coupling fingerprint sensors with door opening systems.

There are two construction forms: the stagnant and the moving fingerprint scanner.


324 Bamberga

324 Bamberga is the 16th biggest asteroid in the Main asteroid belt. It was found by Johann Palisa on February 25, 1892 in Vienna, making it one of the last big (diameter over 200 km) asteroids found. Apart from the near-earth asteroid Eros, it was the last asteroid which is "ever" easily visible with binoculars to be found.

Although its very high orbital eccentricity means its opposition magnitude varies a lot, at a rare opposition near perihelion Bamberga can reach a magnitude of +8.0, which is as bright as Saturn's moon Titan. Such near-perihelion oppositions happen on a regular cycle every twenty-two years, with the last happening in 1991 and the next in 2013. Its brightness at these rare near-perihelion oppositions makes Bamberga the "brightest C-type asteroid", about one magnitude brighter than 10 Hygiea's maximum brightness of around +9.1. At such an opposition Bamberga can in fact be closer to Earth than any main belt asteroid with magnitude above +9.5, getting as close as 0.78 AU. For comparison, 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a pollution-free sky.

Overall Bamberga is the tenth brightest main belt asteroid after, in order, Vesta, Pallas, Ceres, Iris, Hebe, Juno, Melpomene, Eunomia and Flora. Its high eccentricity (for comparison 36% higher than that of Pluto), though, means that at most oppositions other asteroids reach higher magnitudes.

It has an unusually long rotation period among the big asteroids. Its spectral class is between the C-type and P-type asteroids.

An occultation of Bamberga was seen on 8 December, 1987, and gave a diameter of about 228 km, in agreement with IRAS results.

Dalpe

Dalpe is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Faido

Faido is the capital of the district of Leventina in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland.

It has about 1,600 people and lies in the Leventina valley.
The municipality was first noted in 1171 as "Faedo".

In the spring of 2004, the people voted for merging the neighboring municipalities of Chiggiogna, Osco, Mairengo, Calpiogna, Campello, Rossura, Calonico, Anzonico, Cavagnago, and Sobrio. Most of the municipalities did not want to do that, and the new municipality contains only the municipalities of Faido, Chiggiogna, Rossura, and Calonico. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged into the municipality. On 10 April 2016, Sobrio merged into the municipality.


Frasco

Frasco was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 17 October 2020, the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.


Gerra (Gambarogno)

Gerra (Gambarogno) was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Gerra (Verzasca)

Gerra (Verzasca) was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Cugnasco and Gerra (Verzasca) merged to form the new municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.


Ghirone

Ghirone was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 22 October 2006, the former municipalities of Aquila, Campo (Blenio), Ghirone, Olivone and Torre merged to form the new municipality of Blenio.

It is no longer a municipality.

Giornico

Giornico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Giubiasco

Giubiasco was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.


Gnosca

Gnosca was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Gordevio

Gordevio was a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, Avegno and Gordevio merged to form the new municipality of Avegno Gordevio.


Gordola

Gordola is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The town was the first time mentioned in a document in 1200.


Giaches de Wert

Giaches de Wert (pronounce: JYA-kes de VERT) (born Flanders, 1535; died Mantua, 6 May 1596) was a Flemish composer who lived and worked in Italy. He was one of the most important composers of madrigals in the Renaissance period.

We know very little about his childhood. Even some of the things about his adult life we are not sure about. He was born in Flanders, possibly in Ghent. When he was a boy he was taken to Italy and he stayed there for the rest of his life.

As a boy he was a singer in the household of Maria di Cardona, Marchesa of Padulla, near Naples. As a young man he lived in Novellara. He married there, and he had at least six children.

Later he went to live in Milan where he had the job of maestro di capella (music director). He stayed there until 1565. Some letters he wrote during that time have survived. They describe life at the court where he worked.

In 1565 he went to work for the Gonzaga in Mantua and became choir master at the ducal chapel of S. Barbara where he stayed until 1592. A lot of people were jealous of his good job, especially a man called Bonvicino who made life difficult for him. It was then found that Bonvicino was having a love affair with de Wert’s wife, so she had to go back to live in Novellara.

De Wert was becoming a very well known composer. He was offered a job at the emperor’s palace in Prague, but he did not take it. He travelled to work in various places such as Parma and Novellara. In Novellara his wife was found to have been plotting against the Gonzaga of Novellara. She was put in prison where she later died. There were long arguments in the law court about who should have her property. In the end, de Wert was given a third of her possessions, and he was given the right to let his children inherit the money.

He worked in Ferrara where he had a love affair with a lady who was of aristocratic birth. Since he was only a musician he was only a servant, so the lady was sent away from the court.

In his later years he worked for the court at Mantua where the music had become very good because the new ruler, Vincenzo Gonzaga, was very interested in music. De Wert composed music for the theatre. His health became poor. He suffered from malaria during the early 1580s. He died in Mantua and was buried in the crypt at S Barbara.

De Wert wrote over 230 madrigals and other secular works. These were later published in 16 volumes. He also wrote over 150 sacred pieces (motets, hymns etc.) which showed how well he could write counterpoint. 

His madrigals were very modern for their time. The music was very daring in the way it described the words. He sometimes used small groups of singers to contrast with one another like a musical conversation. He was a great influence on later madrigal composers such as Monteverdi and Gesualdo. 


San Gimignano

San Gimignano is a small hill town in the province of Siena, Tuscany, Italy. San Gimignano is famous for the medieval towers, and for the wine, called "Vernaccia di San Gimignano".

San Gimignano was founded as a small village in about 1300 BC by the Etruscans. The city is named after Saint Geminianus, who defended it from Attila the Hun in the mid 5th century.

In medieval and Renaissance times, it was a stopping point for pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican as it sits on the medieval via Francigena.

In 1199, during the period of its highest splendour, the city made itself independent from Volterra.

There are many churches in the town: the two main ones are the "Collegiata", a cathedral, and "Sant'Agostino".

The Communal Palace is now the home of San Gimignano Gallery. Hhere there are works by Pinturicchio, Benozzo Gozzoli, Filippino Lippi, Domenico di Michelino, Pier Francesco Fiorentino, and others. 

The heart of the town contains the four squares, "Piazza della Cisterna", "Piazza Duomo", "Piazza Pecori", and "Piazza delle Erbe". 

San Gimignano is the birthplace of the poet Folgore da San Gimignano (1270-1332).

"Tea with Mussolini", a 1999 drama about English and American women in Italy during World War II, was filmed in part at San Gimignano.

Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its headquarters are in Bonn, but it has a second seat in Berlin.

The Ministry was formed on 22 November 2005.
The ministry has two "parliamentary permanent secretaries", Gerd Müller, CSU and Ursula Heinen, CDU, and the top civil servant is Gert Lindemann. He is the "established permanent secretary".

The ministry’s work is done in six departments

The ministry organizes the nationwide competition "Our Village has a Future".

Gorduno

Gorduno was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Grancia

Grancia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Gravesano

Gravesano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


ACF Fiorentina

ACF Fiorentina "(Associazione Calcio Fiorentina)", often called Fiorentina, is an Italian professional football club from Florence, Tuscany, and was founded in 1926.

Fiorentina have won the Serie A twice, first in 1955/56 then again in 1968/69, as well as winning six Coppa Italia trophies. On the European stage Fiorentina have won the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1960/61, they finished runners-up in the UEFA Cup 1989/90 and they also came close to winning the biggest European prize, finishing as runners-up in the European Cup during 1956/57.


Fiorentina is known by the nickname "La viola"; a reference to their distinctive purple colours.

August 26 1926 - With the fusion of "Palestra Ginnastica Fiorentina (P.G.F.) Libertas" and "Club Sportivo Firenze", Fiorentina was born.

1939 - 1940 - Fiorentina wins their first cup, the Coppa Italia.

1955 - 1956 - FIorentina win their first "Scudetto", (the Italian championship).

1920 - 1961 - 2th "Scudetto" is won by Fiorentina.

After the second "Scudetto", Fiorentina won the Cup Winners' Cup.

1960 - the club win the "Coppa Italia" and the Mitropa Cup

1974 - the "Viola" win the Anglo-Italian League Cup.

1975 - the team won another "Coppa Italia".

1993 - 1994 - Fiorentina were relegated to the Serie B (second division).

Afterwards the team return to the Serie A

1996 - Fiorentina gained their 3rd "Coppa Italia".

2000 - Fiorentina win the "Italian Super Coppa".

2001 -2005 - The team is struck by financial problems, and are moved to the bottom of Italian Football. They then work their way back up to the Serie A.



Gresso

Gresso was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The municipality was made in 1882 by splitting from the municipality of Vergeletto. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Gresso, Isorno, Mosogno and Vergeletto merged to form the municipality of Onsernone.

Gudo

Gudo was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.


Indemini

Indemini was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Intragna, Switzerland

Intragna was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the new municipality of Centovalli.

Iragna

Iragna was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera.

Iseo, Switzerland

Iseo was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was incorporated into the "comune" of Bioggio in 2008.

Isone

Isone is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Isorno

Isorno was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The former municipality was created in 2001 by a merger of Auressio, Berzona and Loco. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Gresso, Isorno, Mosogno and Vergeletto merged to form the municipality of Onsernone.

Lamone

Lamone is a municipality in Lugano in Ticino canton in Switzerland.

Lavertezzo

Lavertezzo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Lavizzara

Lavizzara is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The municipality was created in 2004 by a merger of Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico.


Ligornetto

Ligornetto was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Linescio

Linescio is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action

The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action (formerly the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology, ) is a Federal Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It was founded 1949 as the Federal Ministry of the Economy.

It was combined in May 1971 with the Federal Ministry of Finance to make the Federal Ministry of Economics and Finance. This joining only lasted until December 1972.

In 1998 the technology area of the Ministry of Research and Development was given to the ministry so that it was called Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology. It was joined with the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs to make the Federal Ministry of Economics and Labour between 2002 and 2005.

The new Federal Government of Angela Merkel split the two areas so that there is a Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology again.

The ministry has had many names
To do its job, the ministry is divided into nine departments, the central division deals with administration, the other divisions deal with a certain area of policy. There are also some independent agencies which report to the ministry



Economics 1949 to 1998 (1971/72: Federal Ministry of Economics and Finance)

The ministry had many junior ministers, one who has gone on to a more important political job is Norbert Lammert, CDU, who was parliamentary permanent secretary between 1994 and 1997. Lammert became President of the Bundestag in 2005

Of the ministry's top civil servants, called the "established permanent secretary", Klaus von Dohnanyi is best known. He was established permanent secretary in 1968 and 1969. He is a famous economist and was "First Mayor" of Hamburg

Federal Minister for Economy and Technology 1998 to 2002

Federal Minister for Economics and Labour 2002 to 2005

Federal Minister for Economics and Technology since 2005

Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy, since 2013

The main headquarters of the ministry is in Invalidenstraße in Berlin-Mitte. It is number of buildings which used to be the Kaiser Wilhelm academy (armed forces medical school) and the old hospital. The second headquarters of the ministry is the old Gallwitz barracks in Bonn-Duisdorf.

Federal Ministry of Education and Research (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Education and Research () (BMBF) is a Federal Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The headquarters of the Ministry are in the so-called "cross buildings" (Kreuzbauten) in Bonn, a second office is in Berlin.

The Federal Ministry of Education and Science was founded as the "Federal Ministry for Nuclear Affairs" on October 20, 1955. It was renamed the "Federal Ministry of Nuclear Affairs and Water-supply and Distribution" in 1957, and again in 1962 to Federal Ministry of Scientific Research.

It became the "Federal Ministry for Education and Science" in 1969 which it kept 1994 up to the reunification with the Federal Ministry of Research and Technology.
The Federal Ministry of Research and Technology had been founded only 1972.

The Ministry got its present name in 1998.


Locarno

Locarno is the capital of the Locarno district in the Swiss canton of Ticino.


Lodrino, Ticino

Lodrino was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino, and Osogna merged to form the new municipality of Riviera.

Losone

Losone is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


New Musical Express

The New Musical Express (better known as the NME) is an Indie and pop music magazine in the United Kingdom. It was published every week from March 1952. It was the first British magazine to include a singles chart.

The magazine's first issue was published on 7 March 1952. It was like a newspaper. 

During the 1960s, the magazine championed the new British groups emerging at the time. The Beatles and The Rolling Stones were on the front cover a lot. They would also be at the NME Poll Winners Concert, an awards event that featured artists voted as most popular by the NME's readers. The concert also had an awards ceremony where the winners would collect their awards. In the later part of the 1960s, the magazine began to report about psychedelia.

In early 1972, the magazine was nearly closed. A new person became editor and it changed radically to something intended to be smarter, hipper, more cynical and funnier than any mainstream British music paper had previously been (an approach influenced mainly by writers).

In mid-1973, the paper was selling nearly 300,000 copies per week and was outselling its other weekly rivals, "Melody Maker, Disc", "Record Mirror" and "Sounds".

1976 saw Punk Rock arrive on the music scene and "NME", like other "specialist" publications, was slow in reporting and covering this new music phenomenon. In an attempt to boost sales, the paper advertised for a pair of ""hip young gunslingers"" to join their editorial staff. This resulted in the recruitment of two journalists, Julie Burchill and Tony Parsons, who made sure the magazine was completely up to date on this new music style. Bands who a few months previously had been criticising the "NME" were now eager to be included.

The magazine also became more openly political during the time of Punk. Its cover would sometimes feature youth-oriented issues rather than a musical act.

Sales were dropping, and by 1985 "NME" had hit a rough patch and was in danger of closing again. During this period, the editors at the magazine were split between those who wanted to write about hip hop, a genre that was relatively new to the UK, and those who wanted to stick to rock music. Sales were apparently lower when photos of hip hop artists appeared on the front and this led to the paper suffering as the lack of direction became even more apparent to readers.

The late eighties and early nineties had a generally weak rock scene in the UK and the paper was forced into giving a high profile to long forgotten bands like Kingmaker and the Railway Children.

By the end of 1990, although the magazine still supported new British bands, the paper was dominated by American bands, because that was what the music scene in general was about.

Although the period from 1991 to 1993 was dominated by American bands like Nirvana, this did not mean that British bands were being ignored. The "NME" still covered the Indie scene a lot.

By 1992, some new British bands were beginning to appear. "Suede" were quickly hailed by the paper as an alternative to the heavy Grunge sound and hailed as the start of a new British music scene. Indie however was still the dominant force, but the rise of new British bands would become something the paper would focus more and more upon.

In April 1994 Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain was found dead, a story which affected not only his fans and readers of the "NME", but would see a massive change in British music. Grunge was about to be replaced by Britpop, a new form of music influenced by British music of the 1960s and British culture. The word was coined by "NME" after the band Blur released their album "Parklife" in the month of Cobain's death. Britpop began to fill the musical and cultural void left after Cobain's death, and Blur's success, along with the rise of a new group from Manchester called Oasis saw Britpop gather popularity for the rest of 1994. By the end of the year Blur and Oasis were the two biggest bands in the UK and sales of the "NME" were increasing thanks to the Britpop effect. 1995 saw the "NME" cover many of these new bands and saw many of these bands play the "NME Stage" at that year's Glastonbury Festival where the magazine had been sponsoring the second stage at the festival since 1993.

The new millennium saw the "NME" focus on new British bands such as Franz Ferdinand and the Kaiser Chiefs who emerged as "indie music" continued to grow. This commercial success led to bands such as the Arctic Monkeys being both very successful and being championed by the NME; a phenomenon not seen since Britpop.

In December 2005 accusations were made that the "NME" end of year poll had been edited for commercial and political reasons. These criticisms were rebutted by McNicholas, who claimed that webzine Londonist.com had got hold of an early draft of the poll.

In 2006 NME won the CocaCola best magazine this century award.

The first website editor was Brendan Fitzgerald. Later Anthony Thornton redesigned the site, focusing on music news. The website was awarded Online Magazine Of The Year in 1999 and 2001 and Anthony Thornton was announced as Website Editor Of The Year on three occasions. It was awarded 'Best Music Website' at the Record Of The Day awards in October 2005. In 2006 NME.COM celebrated with a party at London's KOKO featuring Leicester band Kasabian and was awarded the BT Digital Music Award for Best Music Magazine and the first 'Chairman's Award' from the Association of Online Publishers awarded by the Chairman, Simon Waldman.

In 2007 NME.COM was launched in the USA with additional staff and plans to launch its Breaking Bands contest and the NME Awards across the Atlantic.

The site now provides news, reviews, gig listings, and videos as well as featuring downloads, merchandising and message boards. The website has shifted focus to also include tabloid gossip alongside its traditional music news with regular news articles entitled "Daily Ligger" and "Tabloid Hell."

In 2007 NME.com had a free download from the Verve, and it was the first songs the Verve released since they got back together.

Pedernales Province

Pedernales is a Dominican province; it is in the southwestern part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city has the same name, Pedernales.

It was created on 16 December 1957. It was a municipality of the Barahona province before being elevated to the category of province.

The province was named after the Pedernales river; this river forms the southern border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. And the river is named Pedernales because the mineral flint () is common in the region.

Some native groups lived close to the coast and the River Pedernales before the conquest of the island by European people. But very few people has lived in the region, for most of its history, because it is a very dry region.

In his second travel to America, Christopher Columbus sighted and named part of the present island, including the Beata and Alto Velo islands, that are part of the province.

Until the 20th century, the only people living here were Haitians and many places have French names. Sometimes, during the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian soldiers came across this region because there were not Dominican soldiers. The only fight between soldiers of the two countries in the territory of the present province was close to the "El Can" bay, near the town of Juancho, on 6 January 1856.

Since colonial times, the territory was part of the Azua province until it was changed to the Barahona when Barahona became a province in 1881. The province of Pedernales was created in 1957 with the municipalities of Pedernales, its capital, and Oviedo.

Juancho became a municipal district in 1998 and José Francisco Peña Gómez Oviedo in 2005.

The Pedernales province is in the southwest of the country. It is bordered to the north by the province of Independencia, to the northeast by Barahona, to the east, south and west by the Caribbean Sea. To the west Pedernales borders the Republic of Haiti.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Pedernales province, and 20,345 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 32nd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province, the province with fewest people living in it and with the lowest population density.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 33,755 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Pedernales, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 13,077 inhabitants.

The Pedernales province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 7th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The province is in the Barahona Peninsula. The "Sierra de Bahoruco" ("Bahoruco mountain range") is in the northern half of the province; its highest mountain, and the highest mountain of the province, is "Loma del Toro", above sea level, in the limits with the Independencia province.

The rest of the province is formed by savannas and plains of limestone rocks. The savannas are close to the coast, as the Sansón Savanna in Oviedo and the Pedernales Savanna around the city of Pedernales.

Several small islands belong to the province. The main islands are Beata and Alto Velo.

The altitude of Pedernales, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The only important river is the Pedernales river, with its tributary Mulito. The Pedernales river marks the Dominican-Haitian border.

There are several lagoons (a lagoon is a small lake close to the sea) with brackish water. The most important is the "Laguna de Oviedo", on the eastern coast and near the town of Oviedo, with an area of . On the western coast, the most important lagoon is "Laguna Salada", with an area of .

The climate of the province is tropical, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains. It is very dry in the savannas and plains, with long droughts, but rains are common in the high mountains.

There are two municipalities and two municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

As in all border provinces in the Dominican Republic, there is little economic development. The trade with Haiti is important, above all in the capital city. On the mountains, coffee and beans are important products. Potato, cabbage and other vegetables are produced in the Sierra de Bahoruco.

Fishing is also an important activity in the province, mainly close to the Beata Island, where lobster, conch and several kind of fishes are caught.

Because of the beautiful beaches of the western coast of the province, like "Bahía de las Águilas" ("Eagles Bay"), tourism is becoming an important economic activity. There are two of the largest national parks of the country: the "Jaragua National Park" and the "Sierra de Bahoruco National Park".

The development of the province was produced by the mining of bauxite (an aluminium ore) but, since 1984, it has changed to the mining of limestone to send to other countries and for a cement factory.

Wolfenstein 3D

Wolfenstein 3D is a 1992 first person shooter computer video game. The game was created by id Software. It was released for the PC on May 5, 1992. It was later released for many other systems including Apple computers and Nintendo's SNES console and Game Boy Advance handheld system. "Wolfenstein 3D" was one of the first first person shooter games. It is said to have created much of the popularity in this type of game. The game was based on the 1980s Muse Software computer games "Castle Wolfenstein" and "Beyond Castle Wolfenstein".

In "Wolfenstein 3D", the player controls an American soldier named BJ Blazkowicz. The player is trying to get out of a building controlled by Nazis during World War II. The player must avoid guards and dogs while looking for the way out. Food, medical supplies, ammunition and weapons can be found along the way to help the player.

There are four types of weapons in the game:

Because of the use of Nazi symbols and music in the game, "Wolfenstein 3D" was banned in Germany. This was because it broke German laws. People also complained about the player having to shoot dogs in the game.


Deceiver

Deceiver is the fourth album by American musician Chris Thile, which was released in 2004. The album uses thirty-nine different instruments, which were all played by Thile alone. Some of the instruments played on the album include mandolin, piano, bass guitar, electric guitar, violin, and different types of percussion instruments. In 2005, the album was nominated a Grammy Award, for "Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical" to "Deceiver"'s engineers, Thile and Gary Paczosa.

In an interview from 2007, Chris Thile described what he had in plan for "Deceiver": 


All songs on "Deceiver" were written by Chris Thile.


Mỹ Trạch massacre

The My Trach Massacre was the murder of many people in My Trach Village, My Thuy Commune, Le Thuy District, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam. The massacre took place on 29 November 1947 between 2:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. Soldiers of the French army killed nearly half of the 320 people who lived in the village. Many of the civilians who were killed were women, old people and children.

Sydney Harbour anti-submarine boom net

The Anti-submarine boom net was used to stop enemy submarines entering Sydney Harbour during World War II. The net went all the way across the harbour from Green Point, Watson's Bay to Georges Head on the other side. The boom was part of the Sydney Harbour defences which also included artillery batteries and patrol boats.

In January 1942, the Australian defence forces began to build the anti-submarine boom net; it was finished in August 1942. For more than three years, entry by boats, ships and ferries into Sydney Harbour was through one of three different gates that were a part of the anti-submarine boom net.

On 31 May 1942, during WWII, three Japanese submarines tried to get into the harbour. The first submarine to try and come in was the M27. Lieutenant Jahai Chuma was the man in charge of this submarine. The M27 followed a Sydney ferry through the gate on its way to Manly, but it got caught in the western end of the net's middle section. Lieutenant Chuma, tried to free his submarine by using a special tool that cuts metal, but this only made things worse. By 8:30pm the watchman for the Maritime Service Board, James Cargill, went to see what was happening. He used a boat to row across to where the submarine was stuck. Very surprised at finding a Japanese submarine, Cargill called naval headquarters with his two way radio. At first the navy did not believe that there was a Japanese Midget submarine caught in the boom net. It took him two hours to get them to believe him.

By 10:27pm, Chuma knew that he had been discovered, so he blew up the submarine using bombs, killing himself and his crew. The two other submarines got through the boom net, which at the time was not quite finished. They attacked shipping for many hours before they were destroyed as well.

In August 1945, the boom net was taken away. By early 1946, only the dolphin structure was left. The base of the winch house is the only remaining part of the anti-submarine boom net. It can still be seen at Green Point.

Eurotrash (term)

Eurotrash is an American English slang term to describe stereotypical Europeans. These words often will cause rage to Europeans.


List of leaders of dependent territories

This page lists the main local rulers: rulers of dependencies and of the main administrative divisions (autonomous regions, insular or peninsular regions, successors of historical regions or regions with strong identity, regions in the news, etc.)

For national rulers, i.e. heads of state and heads of government (and, in certain cases, de facto leaders not occupying either of those formal positions or prime ministers who are not heads of government...) of the 194 states usually recognized like that (192 UN members + Vatican City + Taiwan), of 10 other national entities (quasi and unrecognized states), and of 7 in exile and/or alternative governments (only in exile governments that exercised power or succeeded governments that exercised power) : 


Virgin Islands (disambiguation)

The Virgin Islands are an island group in the Caribbean. It could also mean:


Adele

Adele Laurie Blue Adkins (born 5 May 1988) is an English singer, songwriter, musician and multi-instrumentalist. In 2023, she appeared at number 22 on the "Rolling Stone" magazine's "200 best singers of all time" list.

Adele Laurie Blue Adkins was born on 5 May 1988, at North Middlesex University Hospital in Edmonton, London. She is the daughter of a Welshman named Mark Evans and Penny Adkins. She has a half-brother called Cameron. She lived with her father and she started singing from the age of four, She graduated from The BRIT School in Croydon in May 2006. 

In July 2006, Adele published two songs in the fourth issue of online arts magazine PlatformsMagazine.com. After graduation, Adele began to play small shows at venues all over Britain. She has also toured with best friend Jack Peñate, as well as Jamie T, Raul Midon, Devendra Banhart, Amos Lee and Keren Ann since summer 2006. Adele went on her first UK headlining tour in October 2007.

Adele's first single released was "Hometown Glory""." On it, she sings about Tottenham. The single was released on 22 October 2007 on Jamie T's label Pacemaker Recordings. It is a limited edition 7" vinyl with B-side "Best for Last". She has since signed to independent music label XL Recordings. In January 2008, she released her second single "Chasing Pavements""."

Adele has become quite popular on MySpace. She is following the example of fellow Londoner Lily Allen by using the web as a mediafocus and a place to see what people think of her songs. Adele performed "Daydreamer" on BBC2's "Later With Jools Holland," alongside Paul McCartney and Björk. She was next on BBC1's "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" on 7 December 2007, singing "Chasing Pavements."

On 10 December 2007, Adele was awarded with the first BRIT Awards Critics’ Choice prize. She has been called the "new Amy Winehouse." In January 2008, she was voted winner in the annual BBC 6 Music poll of industry experts "Sound of 2008," for acts to emerge in the coming year.

In 2011 Adele released her second album, "21", named after her age at the time it was made. It was number one in more than 26 countries. It became the biggest selling album of the 21st century.

Her third studio album, "25", was released on 20 November 2015 and debuted at number one all around the world. The music video for the lead single "Hello", which also debuted at number one in many countries, broke the record for the shortest amount of time for a YouTube video to reach one billion views. The song was also certified 4× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America faster than any other song in history. To date, it has been certified 7× Platinum by the RIAA.

Adele returned to music in October 2021 and announced her fourth album, "30" and the single "Easy on Me", which was released on 15 October 2021, and was her first single after five years. The album was released on 19 November 2021.

In 2022, she announced that she will sing the theme song for the upcoming Nick Jr. series "Destiny's Side" which premiered on December 1, 2022.

She has a son, Angelo, with her then-boyfriend, Simon Konecki, born in October 19, 2012. In 2013 she won an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and the Brit Award for Best British Single for the title track for the James Bond movie "Skyfall". The song also won the award for Best Song for Visual Media at the Grammy Awards.

On December 19, 2013, Adele was given an MBE by the Prince of Wales.

In 2017, Adele confirmed that she is married to Konecki. In April 2019, it was reported that the two ended their marriage.


The Grammy Awards are awarded each year by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the music industry. Some think they are the highest music honor.

As of February 13, 2017, Adele has received 15 Grammy Awards from 18 nominations. In 2012, Adele became the second female artist to win six awards in one night, after Beyoncé did in 2010. Adele is only the second artist (following Christopher Cross) to have won all four of the General Field ("Big Four") awards at the Grammys.

Hair straightening

Hair straightening is when a person makes their hair straighter. Their hair may be curly, wavy, or almost straight. There are methods to make even very curly hair straighter.

There are two different types of straightening: temporary and permanent. Temporary hair straightening keeps the hair straight until it gets wet or damp again, so only lasts for up to a few days. Permanent hair straightening keeps the hair straight for up to a few months, even when the hair gets wet.

A person can temporarily straighten their hair using:

A person can permanently straighten their hair using:


Hair iron

A hair iron or hair tong is something people use to change the shape of the hair by heating it. There are three types of hair iron: 

In 1872, Marcel Grateau (a Parisian) used heated rods to curl or style hair.

In 1893, Ada Harris, a school teacher from Indianapolis, applied for a patent for the hair straightener. The hair straightener was a device “heated like a curling iron” with two flat faces held together by a hinge . It was said that when the faces press the hair, it will become straight.” Harris's invention also had a comb, which would keep different parts of the hair separated.

Simon E. Monroe patented a hair straightener in 1906 that was like a metal comb.

In 1909, Issac K. Shero patented a hair straightener made of two irons that are heated and put together around the hair.

Years later, Sharrell made heated metal tools, for example: hot combs. The hot metal straightener went easily through the hair, making less damage and dryness than the way things were done before. Later, ceramic and electrical straighteners were made, meaning people could adjust the heat settings and straightener size.

Another method of hair straightening is Japanese hair straightening, which was invented in Japan, and works like a perm, but to straighten instead of curl the hair. It is now given at many salons but is quite expensive and must be re-done after it stops working.

Some better hair straighteners today have ceramic coated heating parts, which harm the hair less, and heat up faster than non-ceramic coated heating parts. Cheaper brands do not often have ceramic, but some have a paint-like coating that looks like ceramic plating. Cordless flat irons use lithium battery that can last up to 45 minutes, and other is heated by thermacell butane gas cartridge.

Lots of more expensive hair straighteners use ionic and infra red technology, which helps to keep moisture and oils in the hair, and to stop static and frizz.

Depending on the hair type, repeated use of hair straighteners, like most other heat styling tools, can cause varying amounts of damage such as split ends, thinning of the hair shaft and even causing hair to become brittle and prone to breakage. Generally, after extensive damage, hair will show signs of dryness and display an unhealthy appearance. However, many companies, such as L’Oréal and Tresemmé, have began to manufacture heat protection sprays and cream which aim to reduce the amount of damage that is caused by the use of straighteners.

Hair straighteners should only be used on dry hair, unless they are specially made with vents to let the moisture out. These sort of irons are usually called "Wet Dry" irons.

Based on the materials used in the heating plates, hair irons can be classified as ceramic, tourmaline and traditional metal flat iron. Ceramic hair irons are believed to be gentle to the hair.

Hair straighteners work by breaking the hair's hydrogen bonds, which are part of what make the hair curly. After the bonds are broken, the hair is stopped from going back to its original, natural, curly form. The hydrogen bonds can re-form if moisture touches them, such as water or dampness.


Intel Core

Intel Core is the name of a family of 32-bit dual-core microprocessors. It was made by the technology company Intel. Intel Core processors are based on Pentium M technology. Those processors are more advanced than Intel P6 processors. This architecture, or way to build a processor, is now replaced by Core 2 microarchitecture. In the Core family, there are two groups: the Duo (with two cores) and Solo (Duo with one disabled core). The Solo line replaced the Pentium M one-core processor.

In September of 2006 and January of 2008, Core CPUs stopped selling as much, as Intel released CPUs with newer technology.

Yonah is a company name for Intel's first generation of microprocessors for mobile computers. The Core Duo was released on 5 January 2006. It was the first Intel processor to be used in Apple Inc.'s Macintosh computers. Yonah does not have 64-bit function.

The Intel Core Duo has two cores, 2 Mebibytes of L2 cache for both cores, and an arbiter bus that controls the L2 cache and front side bus access.

The Intel Core Solo uses two-cores die as a Core Duo, but one core is turned off.


The duo version of Intel Core (Yonah) has two cores, which give performance per watt almost as good as single-core processors. In computer machines operating with batteries, this means getting as much total work done in one battery charge like in old computers.

The shortcomings of Intel Core (Yonah) are:

Core-based processor Intel Xeon Sossaman LV (low-voltage), for servers also does not have the Intel 64-bit function. All new server systems have support for x86-64, and Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 even requires a 64-bit processor to run.

On July 27, 2006, Intel released newer Core version Intel Core 2.



Geographer

A geographer is a scientist whose area of study is geography.

That is the study of Earth's physical environment and human habitat. 

Geographers are historically known as people who make maps. Nowadays map making is the field of study of cartography, a subset of geography. The geographer studies not only the physical details of the environment. He looks at the influence of this physical environment as well. Therefore he looks at human and wildlife ecologies, weather and climate patterns, economics, and culture. He will concentrate on the influence space has for relationships between these elements. 

The National Geographic Society sees five broad key themes for geographers:

Rod

Rod may mean:

Rod may also be:

Often as an abbreviation of such names as Roderick and Rodney:



Chakra

A chakra is an energy center in the human body as taught in Indian yoga and some related cultures. Chakras are also believed in by some New Age adherents. Chakra means ‘Aneel or wheel' in Sanskrit.

According to people who believe in their existence, a chakra is an area in the body connected with life energy. They say that there are seven chakras in the body - each is an interface for the flow of life energy. They say that a chakra vitalizes a physical body and is associated with interactions of a physical or mental nature. They also say that current science is not able to detect or measure chakras.

Although there are various interpretations as to what exactly a chakra is, the following features are common in all systems:
The seven main chakras are described as being present in an ascending column from the base of the spine to the head. The chakras are usually connected with a certain color. Each chakra is also connected with some part of consciousness.
The following seven primary chakras are commonly described:


<br>



Scalp

The scalp is the anatomical area between the face and the neck. 

It is usually described as having five layers, which can be remembered with the mnemonic "SCALP":

Maltese people

The Maltese people, or Maltese, are a nation and ethnic group native to Malta, an island country made of a group of seven islands in the Mediterranean Sea.

People have lived in Malta since around 5200 BC with the first people living there coming from Sicily. An important prehistoric Neolithic culture marked by Megalithic structures was on the islands, which were made a thousand years before the Pyramids of Giza, which means they were very old. The Phoenicians in the Mediterranean took over Malta from about 1000 BC, using the islands to expand their sea explorations and trade in the Mediterranean, until the Carthaginians took over and also expanded in the Mediterranean, but these were also defeated by the Romans in 216 BC.

Malta was then ruled by Byzantine, a Greek group that took over almost all of the Mediterranean, from the 4th to 9th century. Sometime around this point, the Vandals, a German tribe, ruled the islands. The islands were at one point invaded by the Arabs in AD 870. They allowed the people to believe in Christianity, and did not have children with the population, so they did not change much on the island, but they showed them citrus fruits and cotton, and water-moving systems. They hardly had any effect on the island or its people while they were there, but one thing that they did effect was the language. The Maltese language gained a lot from this.

From the advent of the Normans in 1090 to 1530, Malta was part of the 'Kingdom of Sicily'. This means that from 1091 to 1530, when the Order of St. John came to Malta, the original Sicilian population that moved there from Sicily in the beginning got bigger.

The French under the rule of Napoleon took over Malta in 1798. The British helped the Maltese to stop the French control two years later. The people of Malta were very happy that the British did this, and wanted Britain to rule it. As part of the 'Treaty of Paris' (1814), Malta became a colony in the British Empire.

Malta became a separate country from everyone on 21 September 1964 (Independence Day). Under the 1964 rules, Malta originally kept Queen Elizabeth II as the Queen of Malta, with a Governor-General working on her behalf in Malta. On 13 December 1974 (Republic Day), it became a republic within the Commonwealth, with the President as head of state. Malta joined the European Union on 1 May 2004 and joined the Eurozone on 1 January 2008.

Historians and Geneticists currently do not know where the Maltese people came from. The answer is difficult to find because of several things, such as Malta's invasions, with long parts in time where the population got smaller, before other people from the Mediterranean moved to Malta and married the Maltese. One unusual example of this is the exile to Malta of all of the male population from the town of Celano (Italy) in 1223, the stationing of a Norman and Sicilian garrison on Malta in 1240, the expulsion from Malta of Arabs (presumably, those who refused to convert to Christianity) commencing in 1245, the arrival of several hundred Catalan soldiers in 1283, the European repopulation of Malta that began in the 13th century,
the settlement in Malta of noble families from Sicily and Aragon between 1372 and 1450, the arrival of several thousand Greek and Rhodian sailors, soldiers and slaves with the Knights of St. John, the introduction of several thousand Sicilian labourers in 1551 and again in 1566, the emigration to Malta of some 891 Italian exiles during the Risorgimento in 1849, and the posting of some 22,000 British servicemen in Malta from 1807 to 1979.

Historical and ethnic studies published and promoted by the various ruling classes during their governance over Malta provide little, if any, valuable guidance on the question of Maltese ethnicity, given that their conclusions appear to have been driven, in large part, by political expediency. Hence, Maltese history books published during the rule of the Knights of St. John, at a time when Malta and Gozo suffered repeated "razzias" at the hands of the Ottomans and Barbary corsairs, promoted the myth of a continuous, Roman Catholic, native Maltese population, that somehow survived despite the Arab conquest of Malta and the depopulation that followed. Studies and reports published during the British colonial period promoted the theory of Phoenician origins, in an attempt to distinguish the Maltese from their Sicilian and Italian neighbours, or in the case of the Catholic Church, to distinguish the Maltese from the Arab peoples that controlled Malta prior to the liberation of Malta by the Normans. By contrast, history books published during the Mintoff years following Independence began to question the earlier beliefs in a continuous, indigenous population of Christian Maltese and, in some cases, quietly promoted the theory of closer cultural and ethnic ties with North Africa. This new development was noted by Boissevain in 1991:
"...the Labour government broke off relations with NATO and sought links with the Arab world. After 900 years of being linked to Europe, Malta began to look southward. Muslims, still remembered in folklore for savage pirate attacks, were redefined as blood brothers."
This latter development coincided with and reflected dramatic new (but short-lived) developments in Maltese foreign policy: Western media reported that Malta appeared to be turning its back on NATO, the United Kingdom, and Europe generally; Libya had loaned several million dollars to Malta to make up for the loss of rental income which followed the closure of British military bases in Malta; Malta and Libya had entered into a "Friendship and Cooperation Treaty", in response to repeated overtures by Gaddafi for a closer, more formal union between the two countries.

Some recent studies carried out by geneticists Spencer Wells and Pierre Zalloua of the American University of Beirut collected samples of Y-chromosomes from men living in the Middle East, North Africa, southern Spain, and Malta, places the Phoenicians are known to have settled and traded. According to the study, more than half (50%) of the Y chromosome lineages that are seen in today's Maltese population could have come in with the Phoenicians. As to why there is such a significant genetic impact, Wells could only speculate, ""but the results are consistent with a settlement of people from the Levant within the past 2,000 years, and that points to the Phoenicians."" 

The Phoenician background of the Maltese suggests possible tenuous cultural, religious, and linguistic links to Lebanese Maronites, (whom are also descended from Phoenicians revealed during National Geographic's Special), who speak a variety of Arabic, and are Christian. .

This "Phoenician origins" theory has been contradicted by at least one major study, which found that ""the contemporary males of Malta most likely originated from Southern Italy, including Sicily and up to Calabria,"" and that ""[t]here is a minuscule amount of input from the Eastern Mediterranean with genetic affinity to Christian Lebanon."" One of the authors of this study commented as follows on the Wells/Zalloua study:
""We are aware of conflicting conclusions published as an interview in the popular National Geographic magazine. Despite an intensive search we cannot find them reproduced in the mainstream scientific literature. We consider that data somewhat flawed, and furthermore, unsound. National Geographic is not a peer-reviewed academic journal and thus the weight of the evidence is poor compared to other peer-reviewed academic journals that are also in the public domain. One cannot be comfortable with data that have not passed the scrutiny of peer review..."

"[I]t seems to me that the simplest explanation that cannot be excluded by any of the scientific data thus far available is that Malta was indeed barely inhabited at the turn of the tenth century."

"Repopulation is likely to have occurred by a clan or clans (possibly of Arab or Arab-like speaking people) from neighbouring Sicily and Calabria. Possibly, they could have mixed with minute numbers of residual inhabitants, with a constant input of immigrants from neighbouring countries and later, even from afar. There seems to be little input from North Africa.""


Maltese

Maltese might mean:


Perm (hairstyle)

A permanent wave, commonly called a perm, is the chemical treatment of hair to produce curls.

The first chemical treatment for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in the year 1906 by the German hairdresser Karl Nessler (1872-1951). He used a mixture of cow urine and water. The first public demonstration took place on October 8, 1906, but Nessler had been working on the idea since 1896. Previously, wigs had been set with caustic chemicals to form curls, but these recipes were too harsh to use on human skin.



Audiophile

An audiophile is a person who cares about how good music sounds on a stereo or other high fidelity sound system. An audiophile is interested in how to improve the sound quality of sound recordings, such as vinyl records and Compact Discs, as well as the equipment used to listen to recordings such as CD players, amplifiers and loudspeakers.

Audiophiles are always looking for ways to improve their sound system. There are discussion forums, magazines and clubs for audiophiles to share their ideas. 

Some audiophiles believe that differences should be able to be measured in a scientific way. This type of audiophile is called an "objectivist".

Other audiophiles believe that "what sounds better" or "more musical" may not be measurable. They rely mostly on their own ears and preferences. This type of audiophile is called a "subjectivist".

Audiophile is also used as an adjective in descriptions of audio equipment and recorded music, where it is intended to imply high quality.


Barbelo

Barbelo is a goddess in Gnosticsm. She is also called Thought, Providence, Forethought, or Foreknowledge. She is believed to be the first emanation of Bythos.

In the Apocryphon of John, a writing in the Nag Hammadi Library, Barbelo is described as "The first power, the glory, Barbelo, the perfect glory in the aions, the glory of the revelation."

The Apocryphon of John continues:
"This is the first thought, his image; she became the womb of everything, for it is she who is prior to them all, the Mother-Father, the first man (Anthropos), the holy Spirit, the thrice-male, the thrice-powerful, the thrice-named androgynous one, and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones, and the first to come forth."
The Gnostic account of Barbelo is quite similar to Tantric thought. In Kashmir Shaivism, Shakti is similarly the second Tattva or first emanation of Shiva.


Perm, Russia

Perm (, pronounced:pʲɛrʲmʲ) is a city and administrative center of "Perm Krai", Russia. It lies on the banks of the Kama River, at the foot of the Ural Mountains.

Perm is one of the largest cities in Russia, with 976,116 (2006 est.) inhabitants, fewer than the 1,001,653 recorded in the 2002 Census and 1,090,944 recorded in the 1989 Census.

In geology, the Permian period takes its name from the region.

From 1940 until 1957, the city was named Molotov (), after Vyacheslav Molotov. In 2021, six people were killed in a mass shooting.

Perm is divided into seven city districts:
The city is a major administrative, industrial, scientific, and cultural center. The leading industries include machinery, defence, oil production (about 3% of Russian output), oil refining, chemical and petrochemical, timber and wood processing and the food industry.

There is one international airport in Perm Bolshoye Savino (Big Savino).
Perm is also served by the smaller airport "Bakharevka".

Perm's public transit network includes streetcar (tram), bus, and trolleybus routes.

Perm is the sister city of (twinned with):



Perm (disambiguation)

Perm may mean:

Bodhicitta

In Buddhist thought, bodhicitta is the motivation of a bodhisattva. The word "bodhicitta" combines the words for enlightenment "(Bodhi)" and mind "(Citta)". It is sometimes translated as "mind of enlightenment".

Bodhicitta is taught to be the intent to become enlightened, not for oneself, but for the benefit of "all" beings.

Dakini

In Hinduism and Buddhism, a dakini is a female being like a goddess. They are mostly found in Tibetan Buddhism.Chinese: 空行母, Pinyin: Kōngxíng Mǔ and 狐仙,Pinyin:Hú xian ;明妃,Pinyin:Míng fēi｝ The dakini inspires spiritual practice. A dakini is often depicted as beautiful and naked. The nakedness represents the freedom of the mind.

The Chinese and Tibetan terms for "dakini" literally mean "she who travels in the sky"; this is sometimes written poetically as "sky dancer". Their bodies are depicted curved in sinuous dance poses.

Dakinis are associated with energy. They are linked with the revelation of the path of transformation. They help people to change the energy of negative emotions, called poisons "(kleshas)", into enlightened awareness.

Images tend to show the dakini as a young, naked figure in a dancing posture, often holding a skull cup filled with menstrual blood or the elixir of life in one hand, and a curved knife in the other. She may wear a garland of human skulls, with a trident staff leaning against her shoulder. Her hair is usually wild and hanging down her back, and her face often wrathful in expression, as she dances on top of a corpse, which represents her complete mastery over ego and ignorance.

Tibetan Buddhists believe that a Dakini gave a black hat to the third Karmapa, Rangjung Dorje (1284 - 1339), when he was three years old. The Black Crown became the emblem of this Tibetan lineage known as the Karma Kagyu.



Dattatreya

Dattatreya is the God who is an incarnation of the Divine Trinity Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. The word Datta means "Given", Datta is called so because the divine trinity have "given" themselves in the form of a son to the sage couple Guru Atri and Mata Anusuya. He is the son of Guru Atri, hence the name "Atreya."

In the Nath tradition, Dattatreya is seen as an Avatar or incarnation of the Lord Shiva and as the Adi-Guru (First Teacher) of the Adi-Nath sampradaya of the Nathas. Although Dattatreya was at first a "Lord of Yoga" with Tantric traits, he was adapted into the more devotional cults; while still worshiped by millions of Hindus, he is approached more as a benevolent God than as a teacher of the highest essence of Indian thought.

Though the Dattatreya of the Natha tradition coexisted and intermingled with the Puranic, Brahmanical tradition of the Datta sampradaya, here we shall focus almost exclusively on the earlier Tantric manifestation of Datta. Shri Gurudev Mahendranath had no doubt that Dattatreya was a historical figure. He stated that Datta was born on Wednesday, the fourteenth day of the full moon in the month of Margasirsa, though he does not mention the year.

Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute. He seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area around North Mysore, through the Maharashtra, and into Gujarat as far as the Narmada River. He attained realization at a place not far from the town now known as Ganagapur. The original footprints found on Mount Girnar were of Lord Neminath in Jainism. The "Tripura-rahasya" refers to the disciple Parasurama finding Datta meditating on Gandhamadana mountain.

The "Tripura-rahasya (The Secret of [the Goddess] Tripura)" is believed to be an abbreviated version of the original "Datta Samhita" or "Dakshinamurti Samhita" traditionally ascribed to Dattatreya. This more lengthy work was summarized by Dattatreya's disciple Parasurama, whose disciple, Sumedha Haritayana, wrote the text. Thus, this text is sometimes referred to as the "Haritayana Samhita".

The "Tripura-rahasya" is divided into three parts. The first part, the "Mahatmya Khanda" or section on the goddess is concerned with the origin, mantra and yantra of the Goddess Tripura, also known as Lalita or Lalita Tripurasundari. The "Jnana Khanda" or section on knowledge elaborates on the themes of consciousness, manifestation, and liberation. The last part, "Charya Khanda" or section on conduct, has been lost and some believe destroyed.

Another work, the "Avadhuta Gita (Song of the Free)" is a wonderful, complete compilation of the highest thought given to and recorded by two of Dattatreya's disciples, Swami and Kartika. Swami Vivekananda (1863-1902) held it in high esteem. Originally a work of seven chapters, a spurious and misogynistic eighth chapter may be a later attempt to append sexual morality to the Natha tradition by a conservative ascetic. Some of the ideas in this Gita are however common to both Shaivite and Buddhist Tantras.

The "Markandeya Purana" reports that Dattatreya, to free himself of all attachments, dived into a lake where he stayed for many years. By doing so, he also hoped to evade an assembly of Munis who remained on the banks of the lake awaiting his return. Datta emerged from the water naked in the company of a beautiful woman. The text relates that he made love with her (maithuna), drank liquor, and enjoyed singing and music. In spite of this, the Munis did not abandon him, and Dattatraya, accompanied by his shakti, continued to engage in these practices and was meditated on by those longing for moksha.

In the "Bhagavata Purana" Dattatreya enumerates a list of his twenty-four gurus: earth, air, sky / ether, water, fire, sun, moon, python, pigeons, sea, moth, bee, bull elephant, bear, deer, fish, osprey, a child, a maiden, a courtesan, a blacksmith, serpent, spider, and wasp. The image of the Natha ranged from that of a siddha living in the woods with animals, to that of a frightening, even demonic, being.

In "The Pathless Path to Immortality", Shri Gurudev Mahendranath writes:

"Shri Dattatreya was a dropout of an earlier age than the period when Veda and Tantra merged to become one simple cult. It was men like Dattatreya who helped to make this possible. Three of his close disciples were kings, one an Asura and the other two both belonging to the warrior caste. Dattatreya himself was regarded as an avatar of Maheshwara (Shiva) but later was claimed by Vaishnavites as the avatar of Vishnu. Not such a sectarian claim as it appears; Hindus regard Shiva and Vishnu as the same or as manifestations of the Absolute taking form."

Indeed, the "Dattatreya Upanisad", which opens proclaiming Dattatreya's identity with Vishnu, ends with the mantra "Om Namah Shivaya", identifying Datta with Shiva. In the last portion of the third chapter, Mahesvara (Shiva) alone is said to pervade reality and shine in every heart of man. He alone is in front, behind, to the left, to the right, below, above, everywhere the center. Finally, Mahesvara is identified with Dattatreya, depicting the latter as an Avatar of Shiva.

Dattatreya is usually depicted with three heads, symbolising Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva; past, present, and future; and the three states of consciousness: waking, dreaming, and dreamless sleep. He is portrayed sitting in meditation with his shakti beneath the "audumbara" (wish-fulfilling) tree. In front of him is a fire pit, and around him are four dogs. These are sometimes said to symbolise the four Vedas.



Gnosticism

Gnosticism is a group of religious ideas from around the 1st century. "" is the ancient Greek word for "knowledge", but now more closely means "esoteric knowledge". Gnostic ideas were a main part of early Christianity before being persecuted by other Christians. Gnostic ideas are also found in sects of Judaism and Islam, as well as in alchemy and other kinds of esotericism.

The word "Gnostic" was mostly used by people who were against these ideas. For this reason, some researchers have said that Gnosticism is a of many separate religious movements. There are many problems for people who research Gnosticism:

Gnosticism says that humans are divine souls trapped in the ordinary physical (or "material") world. They say that the world was made by an imperfect spirit.

The imperfect spirit is thought to be the same as the God of Abraham. The imperfect spirit may be seen as evil, or sometimes just not perfect but doing the best it can. 

The real God who is good, is distant and not easy to know. In order to get free from the material world, a person has to get "gnosis". That is the special secret knowledge given only to a few special people. 

Some Gnostic groups saw Jesus as sent by the supreme being, to bring "gnosis" to the Earth.



Grigori Rasputin

Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin (;  – ) was a Russian peasant, and a mystical faith healer. He was not a monk who lived in a monastery, but a religious pilgrim. In 1904 he arrived in the capital St Petersburg. The Tsar and Tsarina talked many times with Rasputin and asked for advice as he became their spiritual guide.

Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin was born a peasant in the small village of Pokrovskoye, along the Tura River in the Tobolsk Governorate (now Tyumen Oblast) in the Russian Empire. He was named for St. Gregory of Nyssa, whose feast was celebrated on 10 January.

Rasputin had a lot of influence over Tsarina Alexandra, the wife of Tsar Nicholas II. Alexandra believed that Rasputin was the answer to her worries. Her only son, Tsarevich Alexei, the heir to the throne was very sick. He had hemophilia. It caused heavy bleeding and pain in his groin and legs each time he fell. Rasputin calmed the boy and the parents. She believed Rasputin was the only person who could heal her son with his prayers.

Because of this, the Tsar and his family began to trust Rasputin more with important decisions on politics. Rasputin did not support the Tsar when he decided to lead his country into World War I. In July 1914, during a stay in his home village, he was stabbed in his belly by a female conspirator Khioniya Guseva. After seven weeks, Rasputin recovered and went back to the capital. There he lived with his two daughters, who went to school in the capital. 

In August 1915, the Tsar decided to lead the country's army himself, and replace his cousin Grand Duke Nikolai. Almost nobody supported him, except Alexandra and Rasputin. Many Russian politicians and nobles became very worried about Rasputin's influence. While the Tsar was at the front, Alexandra and Rasputin took many bad decisions. They proposed to the Tsar, who was extremely shy and weak-willed, the replacement of several ministers with ones that supported peace. At the end of 1916, Imperial Russia was in a chaotic state. In the big cities there was almost nothing to eat or heat. All the trains were used to supply the army. Some politicians in the parliament decided to attack Alexandra and Rasputin. Their goal was to go on with the war, even though there were heavy losses and a lack of weapons and ammunition.

In the night of 30 December 1916, Rasputin was led into the Yusupov palace's basement. He was offered wine. When he got drunk, he was shot twice by Prince Felix Yusupov. One shot went into his right kidney and then into his spine. He climbed some stairs and staggered out of the palace through a back door. Rasputin was shot again in the courtyard. To be sure he was dead, he was shot in the forehead at close range. Grand Duke Dmitri drove the conspirators to the Neva River. There they dropped his body from the bridge. In the meantime, Prince Felix had killed his favorite dog, to cover the blood in the courtyard. A few days later Rasputin's body, completely frozen, was found stuck in the ice. The next day the corpse was buried in a park next to the Alexander Palace. After the February Revolution, the new leaders decided to dig up his body to prevent it from becoming a place of worship; and eventually burned it.


Grimoire

Grimoire is a book of witchcraft or paranormal magic. The word is pronounced "grim-warr", which rhymes with "guitar".

The word is a mistaken way of saying "grammar". It probably started being used in a time when not many people could read. Then any book might be thought to contain instructions for magic.

In the religion of Wicca and other forms of Neopaganism, such a book is sometimes called a "Book of Shadows".

Hermeticism

Hermeticism is the study and practice of occult philosophy and magic. The name comes from the fact that the first books about Hermeticism are said to have been written by the god Hermes Trismegistus ("Thrice-Greatest Hermes"), who combines aspects of the Greek god Hermes and the Egyptian god Thoth. 

Hermeticism is also connected with astrology and alchemy. These beliefs were strong in Europe during the Renaissance. The Hermetic Corpus was translated by Marsilio Ficino in 1463 and published in 1471. At this time, the Hermetic Corpus was thought to be older than both Plato and Pythagoras.

In 1614, Isaac Causabon showed that the texts were actually written sometime between 200 and 300 AD. This view was based on careful study of the way language was used in the original writings.

Hermeticism was revived in the 19th century in Western Europe. The most famous group involved in this revival was the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.


Illuminati

The Illuminati (the “enlightened ones”) was a late 18th century German political secret society. Adam Weishaupt, a Bavarian philosopher and lawyer, started the secret society on the 1st of May 1776 at the University of Ingolstadt . In 1785 it was outlawed in Bavaria. 

Originally, they opposed superstition, prejudice, religious influence over public life, and abuses of state power. They supported women’s education and gender equality. 

Later, other groups formed using the same name. There is no evidence that these present-day groups have any significant power or influence. They promote themselves using the Bavarian Illuminati to attract membership. The Illuminati has been prone to speculations and theory's (although most proving false).

Simputer

The Simputer is a small, cheap device, similar to a personal digital assistant (palmtop). The unique feature of this device is a smart-card interface which allows a single Simputer to be used by many users. User's private data can be kept on a cheap smart-card. This device was constructed by an Indian company- Simputer Trust. The name stands for "Simple computer".

The Simputer project was invented during the organization of the Global Village, an International Seminar on Information Technology for Developing Countries in October 1998. The discussion was about the big need for a low-cost mass access device which will bring local-language IT to the masses. Inventing a name for the new device, the purpose was to find a complex acronym Thus Simputer is a Simple, Inexpensive, Multi-lingual comPUTER. Later it was expanded to Simple, Inexpensive Multi-lingual People's compUTER. Now it is also called "computer for the masses".

It is similar to the Linux Advanced Radio Terminal and the Intel StrongARM reference platform. It has processor Intel StrongARM 200+ MHz, 64MB of RAM, 32MB Flash ROM. It can use cheap smart-cards with capacity 8KB. It has also USB connectivity and software modem so can connect to the internet. The 320x240 LCD interface in Simputer is with a touch panel overlay on liquid-crystal display. The operating system runs on a version of the Linux Kernel. The software used in Simputer is text-to-speech. This tool may use speakers and microphone because it has special jacks. It has also a built-in Infrared Data Association port. The device is powered by 3 AAA sized NiMH batteries.

The Simputer Trust has licensed manufacturers to produce devices based on the Simputer. These companies are: PicoPeta Simputers and Encore Technologies.

The tool developed is very generic and has similar devices in many other countries. It is ideally suited for developing and under developed countries like: India, Azerbaijan, Mauritius, Mongolia, Ghana, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Thailand or Vietnam.



Stonewall UK

Stonewall UK is a gay rights organisation in the United Kingdom which was named after the Stonewall riots. 

It was created in 1989 by Labour Party members who were trying to change section 28 of the Local Government Act. Many famous people, such as Sir Ian McKellen and Michael Cashman were among those who made it. Stonewall is in London. Stonewall Scotland has offices in Edinburgh and Glasgow and Stonewall Cymru is based in both Cardiff and Bangor in North Wales.

Stonewall showed ideas for change to the government. It did not start out as a membership organisation. Since Labour came into power in 1997, however, it has now become active in developing policy (political ideas) to protect the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.

Some of Stonewall's best known early work was backing legal test cases in the European Court of Human Rights. These included:

In the last few years it was successful in parliamentary lobbying. Its previous director Angela Mason (1992 to 2002) was awarded an OBE "for services to homosexual rights". Under her direction, Stonewall persuaded parliament to change the 2002 Adoption and Children Bill so that lesbian and gay couples were treated the same as heterosexuals. Under its current Chief Executive, Ben Summerskill, it was closely involved in successful parliamentary campaigns to repeal Section 28 of the Local Government Act (2003); make attacks on gay people separate crimes (that is, "anti-gay hate crimes"), through the Criminal Justice Act 2003; introduce the Civil Partnership Act 2004 giving gay and lesbian couples "civil union" almost the same as a civil marriage; and introduce the "2007 Sexual Orientation Regulations" under the Equality Act 2006, to stop discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation.

Stonewall helps 300 big employers across Britain by giving advice and support to lesbian and gay staff. These companies include IBM, Credit Suisse, the Inland Revenue and the Royal Navy. 

The "Education for All" campaign was started in 2005. Stonewall and 70 other organsiations help to stop homophobic bullying in British schools. Section 28 of the Local government Act made any sort of teaching about homosexuality difficult, and the Education for All campaign started after section 28 was repealed.

Grass-roots activists such as Peter Tatchell have accused Stonewall of allowing discrimination by holding regular meetings of celebrities and politicians. The meetings were supported by big businesses such as HSBC, even though HSBC is accused of dismissing someone because of their sexual orientation. 

Stonewall supported the Civil Partnership bill. Many other groups did not, and they formed a group called the "Coalition for Marriage Equality", saying that the new Civil Partnership Bill made a separate yet equal system "not unlike apartheid". Many LGBT people who were not part of these groups liked the bill, and Stonewall got a lot of new members. Now Stonewall gets more money from its 10,000 individual supporters than it does money from its business supporters.



James Branch Cabell

James Branch Cabell (1879 – 1958) was an American writer. He wrote fantasy fiction. His name is pronounced "CAB-ble".

Cabell was born and lived most of his life in Richmond, Virginia. He spent the winters in Florida until the death of his first wife in 1949. He retired in Florida. 

Cabell was born into a rich Virginian family. His father, Robert Gamble Cabell II (1847–1922), was a physician. His mother, Anne Harris (1859–1915), was the daughter of Col. and Mrs James R. Branch. Cabell's great-grandfather, William H. Cabell, was Governor of Virginia from 1805 to 1808. Cabell was the oldest of three boys . His brothers were Robert Gamble Cabell III (1881–1968) and John Lottier Cabell (1883–1946). His parents separated and were later divorced in 1907.

He went to the College of William and Mary in 1894 at the age of fifteen. He graduated in 1898. While an undergraduate, Cabell taught French and Greek at the college. Ellen Glasgow, a writer and close friend of Cabell said that he had a friendship with a professor at the college which some people thought was "too intimate". Because of this, Cabell had to leave the college. He was later allowed back and finished his degree.

Cabell worked from 1898 to 1900 as a newspaper reporter in New York City. He returned to Richmond in 1901. In Richmond, he worked several months for the "Richmond News". 

Many things happened to Cabell in 1901. His first stories were accepted for publication. It was believed for a short time that Cabell murdered John Scott, a rich person in Richmond. There was a rumor that Scott was "involved" with Cabell's mother.

In 1902, seven of his stories appeared in national magazines. Over the ten years, he wrote many short stories and articles. These were published in well-known magazines including "Harper's Monthly Magazine" and the "Saturday Evening Post".

Between 1911 and 1913, he worked for his uncle in the office of the Branch coal mines in West Virginia. On November 8, 1913, he married Priscilla Bradley Shepherd. She was a widow with five children from an earlier marriage. In 1915, Priscilla gave birth to a son, Ballard Hartwell Cabell. Priscilla died in March of 1949. In June 1950, Cabell married Margaret Waller Freeman.

During his life, Cabell published fifty-two books. These included novels, genealogy, collections of short stories, poetry, and miscellanea. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1937. Today, the modern languages house and an endowed law professorship at the College of William and Mary are named for him. 

Cabell died of a cerebral hemorrhage. He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond. 

In 1970, Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond named its main campus library "James Branch Cabell Library". In the 1970s, Cabell's library and personal papers were moved from his home on Monument Avenue to the James Branch Cabell Library. The collection includes some 3,000 volumes, manuscripts, notebooks and scrapbooks, periodicals, letters (including conversations with noted writers such as H.L. Mencken, Ellen Glasgow, Sinclair Lewis and Theodore Dreiser), newspaper clippings, photographs, criticisms, printed material, publishers' agreements and statements of sales. 

The VCU undergraduate literary journal at the university is named Poictesme after the fictional province in his book "Jurgen".

Cabell published about fifty books. Most of these are not well known. His eighth book, "Jurgen", (1919) was the most popular. The hero, Jurgen, goes on a journey through ever more fantastic places. He even goes to hell and heaven. Everywhere he goes, he seduces the local women, even the Devil's wife. 

The book was seen as being bad by the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice. They tried to bring a prosecution for obscenity. The case went on for two years before Cabell and his publishers won. Many of the things in the book were double entendres. They had one meaning which was bad and also had a decent meaning. It appeared that what had actually offended the prosecution most was a joke about papal infallibility. Cabell took an author's revenge. The new edition of 1926 included a 'lost' section which was not in the earlier version. In it, the hero is put on trial by the Philistines. A large dung beetle is the chief prosecutor.

Other works include "Figures of Earth". This introduces Manuel the Redeemer. He took control of a realm by playing on others' expectations. His motto is "Mundus Vult Decipi". This means 'the world wishes to be deceived'. "The Silver Stallion" is a sequel. It deals with the adventures of the knights in Manuel's company after he left them. 

Cabell is now forgotten by most people but his work affected later writers of fantasy fiction. Robert Heinlein's "Job, A comedy of Justice" has an appearance of the Slavic god Koschei (from "Jurgen"). Fritz Leiber's "Swords of Lankhmar" was also affected by Jurgen. Jack Vance's "Dying Earth" books show a similar style to Cabell's writing. Cugel the Clever in those books is very similar to Jurgen.




Gela

Gela is a city in the Italian region of Sicily. It is in the province of Caltanissetta in the south of Sicily. The city is at about 84km from the province's capital of Caltanissetta, on the Mediterranean Sea. The city has a larger population than the capital and is second largest in land area.

Gela is an important industrial city and port town. One important industry that is located here is that of petroleum refinery. The city can be reached from other cities, like Syracuse and Caltanissetta, by train.

Kama Sutra

Kamasutra (), also known in Western countries as the Kama Sutra, is an ancient Indian book on love. It was written by Mallanaga Vatsyayana. Part of the book deals with human sexual behavior.

Lu Sheng-yen

Lu Sheng-Yen (盧勝彥, Lú Shèngyàn) (27 June 1945), is the founder and spiritual leader of the True Buddha School, which is a religious group with teachings taken from Taoism and Buddhism. He is called Master Lu by his followers. Within his sect, he is also known as "Living Buddha Lian Sheng" (蓮生活佛, "Liansheng Huófó"). He is worshipped by his followers as a "Living Buddha".

His organization says that over five million students have taken Buddhist refuge under Lu. There are also more than three hundred local chapters of the True Buddha School, including thirty major temples, such as the Ling Shen Ching Tze Temple in Redmond, Washington, where he lives now. Many of his followers are from Taiwan, Singapore, and Malaysia.

Lu is married to Lian Hsiang, who is also a vajra master. She is referred as "Grand Madam Lu". Lu and Lian Hsiang have two children.

Lu was born in Chiayi County, Taiwan in 1945. He was raised a Christian and attended a Protestant school. He went to Chung Cheng Institute of Technology and got a degree in Survey Engineering. In his early twenties he was both a survey engineer and a Sunday school Bible teacher.

Lu has written that he had a mystical experience in 1969. This led him to seek out a total of twenty-one human gurus in Taoism, Sutra, and Tantra. In 1982, Lu moved to the United States, and lived in the state of Washington.

To date, Lu has written over 200 books in Chinese on various topics, including feng shui and poetry.

According to his website, he went into hiding in Tahiti for six years starting late 2000 and lived in Taichung, Taiwan. Today he lives in the state of Washington.

Lu teaches the Mahamudra way of attaining enlightenment. His teachings follow the traditional stages of the practice of the Four Preliminaries, followed by Guru Yoga, Deity Yoga, the Vajra Practices, and finally Highest Yoga Tantra. Lu has written that his spiritual gurus included the 16th Karmapa, Rangjung Rigpe Dorje and Tai Situ Rinpoche.

He describes the state of enlightenment using the allegory of Padmakumara, whom he identifies with Amitabha Buddha and his own enlightened self.

According to Noah Casey, Lu's teachings do not prohibit the consumption of meat and alcohol; but he says, "The consumption of alcohol is limited to quantities not resulting in intoxication, and the eating of meat is restricted to animals not butchered especially for the person consuming. Before consuming either of these, or any other nutritional substance, a special prayer is required. For meats, the spirit of the animal must be delivered." This is consistent with the Vajrayana traditions of Tibetan Buddhism.

Lu made headlines during an investigation by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission into his cash donations to Chinese American politician Gary Locke, who Lu had hoped would run for President of the United States. Locke was cleared of any wrongdoing by the commission in 1998.

He was also sued in civil court by a former disciple, who called herself SHC, a 41-year-old Malaysian immigrant, over claims of sexual misconduct, after the King County, Washington prosecutor declined to file charges for lack of evidence. The case was dismissed by King County Superior Court Judge Kathleen Learned citing constitutional issues. In the case "S.H.C. v. Sheng-Yen Lu", the Superior Court of King County granted the Temple's motion for summary judgment, and the Court of Appeals later "affirm[ed] the trial court's grant of summary judgment dismissing all claims against the Temple."

Lu has been criticized by Tsering Phuri, the president of TIBETcenter, who said "People should not say, `I am a living Buddha'". However, this title was given by his disciples or people who believed in him 30 or 40 years ago in Taiwan, and Lu also admitted that he is the incarnated body of the Buddha.



Australian Open

The Australian Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is the first one of the year. It is played in Melbourne, Australia. The Australian Open has been played on three different surfaces:

Before 1983, many of the best tennis players did not play at the tournament. This was because the Australian Open was far away from Europe and North America and was not considered as important as the other Grand Slam tournaments. 

The tournament is played in January, during the Australian summer. In 1998 an extreme heat rule was brought in. It is the only major tournament that has a heat policy. If the temperature gets higher than 35 degrees (C) matches may have to be stopped for a short time, because players feel dehydrated. Matches on the outside courts are stopped. The roof over the main stadium courts can be closed, and cooling systems turned on. In 2007 the temperature on the courts reached 50 degrees Celsius.



Adrian Willaert

Adrian Willaert (pronounce: AH-dree-ahn VIL-art), (born Flanders about 1490; died Venice, 7 December 1562) was a Flemish composer in the Renaissance period. He was one of the most important composers of his time. He went to Italy when he was young and spent the rest of his life there. He belonged to the group of composers who lived and worked in Venice at the time, and who were known as the “Venetian School”.

He may have been born in Bruges which is now in Belgium, although we are not sure. One of his students, Gioseffo Zarlino, who became a well-known music theorist, said that Willaert went to Paris first to study law, but then decided to study music. In Paris he met Jean Mouton, the main composer of the French royal chapel, and studied with him. Mouton taught him to write music in the style of Josquin, whose music was very polyphonic with the voices imitating one another a lot.

Sometime around 1515 Willaert first went to Rome. There is a story, which is probably true, that Willaert was surprised to find the Pope’s choir singing something he had composed. The choir thought it had been composed by Josquin, who was very famous by then. When the young Willaert told them that he himself was the composer, the choir did not believe the young man, and refused to sing it again.

In July 1515, Willaert worked for the Cardinal Ippolito I d'Este of Ferrara. Ippolito liked to travel, and he often took Willaert and other musicians with him to places such as Hungary, where he probably spent two years, from 1517 to 1519. When Ippolito died in 1520, Willaert worked for Duke Alfonso d'Este of Ferrara. In 1522 Willaert had a job at the court chapel of Duke Alfonso; he stayed there until 1525.

Willaert then got the most important musical job in the whole of Europe at that time: he became maestro di cappella (director of music) at the church of St. Mark's at Venice. The director who had been there before had not been very good, so Willaert made the music in that church really great again. He stayed in that job until his death. He was very famous and young composers came from all over Europe to study with him and learn how to be a composer.

Willaert was one of the greatest composers of the Renaissance and the most important composer in Europe between the death of Josquin and the time of Palestrina.

He wrote music in lots of forms, especially church music, madrigals and instrumental pieces called ricercar.


Sydney Harbour

Sydney Harbour (also called Port Jackson) is a natural harbour on the East Coast of Australia in Sydney. It is the location of the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour Bridge.

Before the arrival of European settlers, the area surrounding Sydney Harbour was home to a variety of aboriginal tribes, including members of the Gadigal, Cammeraygal, Eora and Wanegal tribes. It is believed (source?) that the Gadigal people once lived in the area heading from the south side of Port Jackson (South Head, Watsons Bay) and west in a semi circle through Petersham. The Cammeraygal tribe lived on the northern side of Sydney Harbour and the Wanegal tribe owned the area on the southern side of the Parramatta River, just west of Petersham and through to Rose Hill. The Eora tribe lived on the southern side of Sydney Harbour, not far from where the First Fleet set up camp.

In 1770, shortly after he left Botany Bay (), Lt James Cook became the first non-Aboriginal person to visit Sydney Harbour. Cook named it [Sydney Harbour] after Sir George Jackson. He did not go into the harbour, but sailed past the entrance (Sydney Heads) on his way north up the East Coast of Australia. 

European settlement started on January 26, 1788 when Captain Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet arrived from England. Phillip brought 732 convicts (prisoners) and a small group of soldiers to start a penal colony. They landed at a small inlet which they called Sydney Cove after Lord Sydney, who was the British government's Home Secretary.
There are lots of islands inside Sydney Harbour, including Shark Island, Clark Island, Fort Denison, Goat Island, Cockatoo Island, Spectacle Island, Snapper Island and Rodd Island. Some other former islands, including Bennelong Island, Garden Island and Berry Island are now connected to the mainland by bridge or by landfill. There are several islands only accessible by boat, for example Fort Denison and Cockatoo Island. Boat hire operators offer charter trips or self-drive options to these locations. 

Vex

Vex may refer to:


Billy Ray Cyrus

Billy Ray Cyrus (born August 25, 1961) is an American singer, songwriter and actor.

He is best known for his popular single "Achy Breaky Heart" (1992).

From 2001 to 2004, Cyrus starred in the television series "Doc". The series was about a country doctor who moved from Montana to New York City. He was in the Disney Channel series, "Hannah Montana", which he co-starred with his daughter Miley Cyrus.



How to Grow a Woman from the Ground

How to Grow a Woman from the Ground is a 2006 album by Chris Thile, who made the album with the How to Grow a Band, credited to Chris Thile. It was released on September 12, 2006. The album is named after a song on the album; a cover of a song by American singer Tom Brosseau.

The album got mostly good reviews from important music critics, with some critics saying that the album was “fantastic, eclectic”, and “genius”. The album got Thile a Grammy Award-nomination in 2007.

For a side project away from his band Nickel Creek, Chris Thile knew he wanted to form a five-piece string band that featured mandolin, violin, banjo, acoustic guitar, and double bass. Thile also wanted the band to feature his friend and fiddle player Gabe Witcher, but didn’t know what kind of band he wanted it to be. At the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in Colorado, Thile met banjo player Noam Pikelny and later said that “every note he played was something I wish I’d played”. At that time, Thile decided that he wanted “put [his] stamp” on the normal bluegrass band. Thile wanted to find five people to make the five-piece band he planned. He had already found fiddle, banjo, and mandolin players, so he just had to find double bass and acoustic guitar players. The bass player Thile was looking for turned out to be Greg Garrison, a friend of Noam Pikelny. Before this, Pikelny had played with Garrison in the band Leftover Salmon. The guitar player Thile needed became Chris Eldridge, famous as a member of the Infamous Stringdusters. The five people met up in Nashville on one day in 2005 and decided to “do something musical together”. A few days later, the group met again “to drop a ton of money, drink too much wine, eat steaks, and [talk] about our failed relationships”. That night, they formed a bluegrass band.

A few months later, the group decided to record an album. The album was recorded in two days at "Sear Sound Recording Studios" in New York City. The album was not made digitally, but in the old-fashioned way: on tape. In an interview with the United States magazine "Guitar Player", Chris Thile talked about how "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" was recorded: "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" was produced by Thile, and the only musicians on the album was the band that Thile chose. The band was later named the "How to Grow a Band".

"How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" takes influence from several musical genres, “drawing equally from traditional bluegrass, progressive acoustic, and singer-songwriter traditions”. One music critic called the album “roots oriented”. Bluegrass mandolin player Ronnie McCoury became the album’s official “bluegrass guru” to make sure that there was “someone who could make sure we didn’t do anything clichéd or trite”. When discussing the album’s musical style, Chris Thile said that “All in all, "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" is a bluegrass record. There are definitely some musical things that are out of the ordinary, but it sounds like a bluegrass record to me.” Much of Thile's work on the album was inspired by his divorce, and Thile said that he could relate to the title of the album, a Tom Brosseau song. Thile said that he "got my ass kicked by the last relationship I was in. This girl just left. It created a pretty serious complex for me. I’ve always been able to talk to girls, but I’m scared of them. I just could relate to it. Like, man if I could just grow one, that would take care of a lot of problems." 




Yantra

Yantra literally means loom, instrument or machine. In actual practice, a yantra is a symbol which represents aspects of the divine, such as the Mother Goddess or Durga. It is made of interlocking geometric figures, circles, triangles and floral shapes that form a pattern. Though drawn in two dimensions, a yantra can represent a three dimensional sacred object. The yantra is primarily a meditation tool. Yantras function as revelatory symbols of cosmic truths.




Sri Yantra

The Shri Yantra or Sri Chakra of Tripura Sundari is a yantra or mandala formed by nine interlocking triangles surrounding a dot in the centre called a bindu. Four of these triangles are upright representing Shiva or the Masculine. Five of these triangles are inverted representing Shakti or the Feminine. Because it is composed of nine triangles, it is also known as the "navayoni chakra".

Together the nine triangles are interlaced in such a way as to form 43 smaller triangles in a web symbolic of the entire cosmos or a womb symbolic of creation. Together they express Advaita-ism or non-duality. This is surrounded by a lotus of eight petals, a lotus of sixteen petals, and an earthsquare resembling a temple with four doors.

The Shri Chakra is also known as the "nava chakra" because it can also be seen as having nine levels. Each level corresponds to a mudra, a yogini, and a specific form of the deity Tripura Sundari along with her mantra. These levels starting from the outside or bottom layer are:

1.Shri Yantra Temple, This temple is most popular and ancient .

2.Shri Narmadeshwar Shri Laxmi Yantra Mandir in this temple Siddha Shri is given by the priest to devotees take to home and prey .this temple is in Rajpipla city, JIOR pati, Kumbheshwar street, at the bank of River Narmada .

Official Website:- Shri Narmadeshwar Shri Laxmi Yantra Mandir Official Website 


Tulku

A tulku (also tülku, trulku) is a Tibetan Buddhist lama who has achieved the ability to consciously determine to be reborn, often many times, in order to continue their Bodhisattva vow. The most famous example is the lineage of Dalai Lamas, who are said to be reincarnations of the previous thirteen Dalai Lamas, beginning with Gendun Drup (1391 – 1474). It is held in the Vajrayana tradition that the oldest lineage of tulkus is that of the Karmapas (spiritual head of the Karma Kagyu lineage), which began with Düsum Khyenpa (1110-1193).

In addition to Tibetans and related peoples, Tibetan Buddhism is the traditional religion of the Mongols and their relatives. The Mongolian word for a tulku is "qubilγan", though such persons may also be called by the honorific title "qutuγtu" (Tib: "'phags-pa" / Skt: "ārya"), or "hutagt" in the standard Khalkha dialect.

A recent Chinese word for tulku is "huófó" (活佛), which literally means "living Buddha". Thus the term Living Buddha is used to mean "tulku". 


Yeshe Tsogyal

Yeshe Tsogyel (, rhymes with "may say so well") is also known in the Nyingma tradition of Tibetan Buddhism as the Great Bliss Queen. She is both a woman and a female deity called a "dakini".

She lived from 757 to 817, and was the wife of Emperor Trisong Detsen (740 - c. 798) who invited Padmasambhava to Tibet:

Among Tibetans she is seen as a Buddha who takes the form of an ordinary woman so as to be seen by the average person, "who, for the time being, do not see her Vajravarahi form as a fully perfected deity." In fact,

According to legend she was born in the same manner as the Buddha, a Sanskrit mantra sounding as her mother gave birth painlessly. She is considered a reincarnation of the Buddha's own mother. Her name ("Primordial ("ye") Wisdom ("shes") Queen ("rgyal mo") of the Lake ("tso")") derives from her birth causing a nearby lake to double in size.

As a young girl, she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings. At the age of sixteen, she was initiated into Buddhism by Guru Padmasambhava. Although she was originally one of the Queen consorts of Trisong Detsen, he gave her to Padmasambhava and she became his main spiritual consort. After many years of study she became enlightened. Yeshey Tsogyal was the main person who wrote down and collected Padmasambhava's teachings. She also terma most of the hidden teachings called "termas".

As the wife of Tri-song-day-tsen and the consort of Padmasambhava, given to him at her request by the king, she also stands historically at the beginning of Buddhism's eclipse of Bön in Tibet. She is also considered a manifestation of Sarasvati and sometimes identified with the Bodhisattva Tara.


Urho Kekkonen

Urho Kaleva Kekkonen (; 3 September 1900 – 31 August 1986), often referred to by his initials UKK, was the President of Finland between 1956 and 1982. He was also the Prime Minister of Finland before that.

Kekkonen was born in Pielavesi. He took part of the Finnish Civil War. He was anti-Communist and later anti-Fascist.

Kekkonen became the Interior Minister in 1937, and he then attempted to ban the fascist party known as the (commonly abbreviated to IKL).

In the year 1950, after the Second World War, Kekkonen became the Prime Minister of Finland.

The "Passikivi-Kekkonen line" was a foreign policy doctrine established by, Kekkonen and Juho Kusti Paasikivi, aimed at Finland's survival as an independent sovereign, democratic, and capitalist country in the immediate proximity of the Soviet Union.

Kekkonen was elected the President of Finland in 1956, after president Paasikivi. He attempted to keep Finland a neutral country, which means it was not affiliated with any military alliance such as NATO or the Warsaw Pact during the Cold War.

Urho Kekkonen led the underwriting of the Helsinki Accords of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe between European countries, the United States and the Soviet Union in 1975.

Kekkonen became sick in 1981 and resigned from presidency.

He died in 1986, aged 86.

J. P. Morgan

John Pierpont Morgan (April 17, 1837 – March 31, 1913) was an American banker and art collector. He became one of the richest men of his era. He founded the bank now called JPMorgan Chase, one of the oldest banks in the world today.

J.P. Morgan was thought of as intelligent, he focused his attention in mathematics in preparation for employment in commerce.

In 1852, when Morgan was 15 years old, he had rheumatic fever. After recovery he was deformed. J.P. Morgan was aloof and refused to have his photograph taken; all of his professional portraits were retouched.

When J.P. Morgan reached the age of 20, he became a banker in his father’s London office and later went to Duncan, Sherman & Company in New York City. 
He excelled in banking and partnered with a lot of other companies. J.P. Morgan bought businesses, and was a hands on leader. He followed the process of reorganizing them known then as “Morganization”. He renamed his company to J.P Morgan & Company in 1895. At the time it became one of the most powerful banks in the world.

J.P. Morgan took control of the railroad companies. He also financed and reorganized railroads all in the US. He later purchased the Ley Land Line of Atlantic Steamships and other boat lines, which included the White Star Line, builder of the RMS Titanic. He joined several steel companies together to make the United States Steel Corporation.

During the , when a shortage of the gold caused a devaluation of the Dollar, the US president Grover Cleveland asked J.P. Morgan to loan $65 million in gold to the US Treasury. J.P. lent the gold, "saving" the Treasury and the Dollar.

Morgan’s enemies attacked him for his loan terms on gold that was lent to the US government during the 1895 crisis, for the way he solved the panic of 1907, for hurting the Hartfort RR company by causing money problems, and turning the US steel corporation into a monopoly (by trying to take control of the making of bridges, ships, RR cars, rails, wire, nails, and other markets.).

JP Morgan was one of the richest men in the world (if he wanted to, he and all his partner companies could have bought all the land owned by all of the 22 US states west of the Mississippi River at that time (worth about $22.245 billion)). He did this through buying many companies and taking them over, usually becoming monopolies.
The JP Morgan Company still runs today under the name of JPMorgan Chase owned by stockholders. Today, it is one of the oldest banks in the world and a leading bank in the world.


Albert Hofmann

Albert Hofmann (11 January 1906 – 29 April 2008) was a Swiss scientist. He invented Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Hofmann wrote more than 100 scientific articles and a number of books, including "LSD: My Problem Child" (1979).

Hofmann was born in Baden, Switzerland. He studied chemistry at the University of Zürich. His main interest was the chemistry of plants and animals, and he studied about the chemical structure of the common animal substance chitin. Hofmann worked at the pharmaceutical-chemical department of Sandoz Laboratories in Basel.

Five years after its first synthesis, he discovered by accident the psychedelic effects of LSD, after absorbing some through his fingertips on April 16 1943. Three days later, he deliberately consumed 250 micrograms of LSD, and experienced far more intense effects. This was followed by a series of self-experiments. He first wrote about these experiments on April 22 of the same year.

He became director of the natural products department at Sandoz and went on studying hallucinogenic substances found in Mexican mushrooms and other plants used by the indigenous peoples. This led to the synthesis of psilocybin, the active agent of many magic mushrooms.

Hofmann called LSD "medicine for the soul".

He had a heart attack in his home in Burg im Leimental on April 29, 2008, and died at the age of 102.


Mahasiddha

A mahasiddha (Sanskrit: "maha" - great, "siddha" - achiever) is type of yogi important in Tantra. They are found in both Hinduism and Tibetan Buddhism. They are connected with unusual ways of thinking and with the highest levels of spiritual enlightenment. They are very different from arhats, the saints who gave up the world to achieve buddhahood.

The Mahasiddhas are actual people who acquired magical powers from their spiritual practice. A mahasiddha is a bodhisattva, someone who can enter "nirvana" whenever they want, but instead choose to stay in "samsara" to help others.

In both Hindu and Tibetan Buddhist traditions there are 85 Mahasiddhas. The lists are not all the same, but there are many Mahasiddhas who appear on most lists. In Tibetan Buddhist art, they are often shown in paintings together, for example around the border of a "thanka".

Each Mahasiddha has come to be known for certain things. One of the most loved Mahasiddhas is Virupa, who is a saint of the Sakyapa sect. He lived in 9th century India and was known for his great attainments. Other important Mahasiddhas include:


In Buddhism there are 89 Mahasiddhas: 
Acinta,
Ajogi,
Anangapa,
Aryadeva,
Babhaha,
Bhadrapa,
Bhandepa,
Bhiksanapa,
Bhusuku,
Camaripa,
Campaka,
Carbaripa,
Catrapa,
Caurangipa,
Celukapa,
Dan,
Darikapa,
Dengipa,
Dhahulipa,
Dharmapa,
Dhilipa,
Dhobipa,
Dhokaripa
Dombipa,
Dukhandi,
Ghantapa,
Gharbari,
Godhuripa,
Goraksa,
Indrabhuti,
Jalandhara,
Jayananda,
Jogipa,
Kalapa,
Kamparipa,
Kambala,
Kanakhala,
Kanhapa,
Kankana,
Kankaripa,
Kantalipa,
Kapalapa,
Khadgapa,
Kilakilapa,
Kirapalapa,
Kokilipa,
Kotalipa,
Kucipa,
Kukkuripa,
Kumbharipa,
Laksminkara,
Lilapa,
Lucikapa,
Luipa,
Mahipa,
Manibhadra,
Medhini,
Mekhala,
Mekopa,
Minapa,
Nagabodhi,
Nagarjuna,
Nalinapa,
Naropa,
Nirgunapa,
Pacaripa,
Pankajapa,
Putalipa,
Rahula,
Saraha,
Sakara,
Samudra,
Santipa,
Sarvabhaksa,
Savaripa,
Syalipa,
Tantepa,
Tantipa,
Thaganapa,
Tilopa,
Udhilipa,
Upanaha,
Vinapa,
Virupa,
Vyalipa,
Lokesh



Red Hat sect

In Tibetan Buddhism, the "Red Hat" sects or schools include the three oldest of the four main schools, to wit:


The newer Gelug school is known as the "Yellow Hat Sect".

Drugs

Drugs change the way the body works. It could mean:


Peter Shotton

Peter ("Pete") Shotton (4 August 1941 – 24 March 2017 aged 75 )was a longtime friend of John Lennon, who founded The Beatles. He later wrote a memoir, "John Lennon "In My Life"", that was later retitled "The Beatles, Lennon and Me". 

Shotton and Lennon met as boys, in their hometown of Woolton, England. Woolton is a suburb of Liverpool. The two fought at first, but soon became best friends. They went to school together, and often got into trouble together. They formed a "gang", with other boys who lived nearby.

During their teenage years, rock and roll became popular in England, as it did in America. Folk music and were also popular. Young people all over England formed skiffle bands, and played folk and rock songs. Lennon got a guitar from his mother. He and Shotton formed a band, the Quarry Men, with classmates from their school (named Quarry Bank), and other friends.

Shotton's role in the band was to play percussion on a , and to sing harmony. While Lennon had genuine musical talent, Shotton did not become a skilled musician, and did not enjoy playing music. After Paul McCartney joined the Quarry Men, he and Lennon began to work together on music. McCartney was very talented, and Shotton felt out of place in the band. He waited a long time, before he finally told Lennon.

Lennon "fired" Shotton from the Quarry Men after they played at a party. He took the washboard away and broke it over Shotton's head. All the same, they were still friends, and spent time together. When they finished high school, Lennon went on to art college, and Shotton trained to become a police officer. The Quarry Men changed from playing skiffle to playing rock and roll. They also changed names a few times, before calling themselves the Beatles.

When Lennon became famous with the Beatles, he invited Shotton to visit at different times. He and George Harrison, another band member, bought a supermarket with part of their , and made Shotton its manager. Shotton married and had a son. He spent most of the week with his family, but would visit Lennon's home on weekends. Lennon counted on Shotton to be a real friend, who was not only around because Lennon was famous or rich. Shotton and Lennon's wife Cynthia got along well, and Shotton sometimes took Cynthia out for the evening, when Lennon needed to work on music.

Shotton also helped now and then with the Beatles's music. He sometimes helped or ideas for songs, or played or other percussion instruments on their recordings. Later, when the Beatles started their own company, Apple Corps, Shotton became its first managing director.

Apple Corps was not a successful company, and it caused problems between the Beatles, and with the people who worked with them. The problems were not Shotton's fault, but he felt as much pressure and stress as anyone. He resigned his job at Apple. Lennon tried Shotton out as a , but this did not go well. Lennon's relationship with Yoko Ono also caused problems between Lennon and Shotton.

Shotton decided it was best to part ways with Lennon, while their friendship was still strong. He went back to running his supermarket, and he and Lennon lost touch. After Lennon and Yoko Ono moved to America, Shotton visited them in New York City, and they enjoyed seeing each other again.

John Lennon was murdered late in 1980. When Shotton heard the news, he drove to George Harrison's home, Friar Park, and spent the day with Harrison. Later he wrote his memoir.

Shotton gave up his supermarket, and began a chain of restaurants, Fatty Arbuckle's, which became a success. He later sold this business, and retired to live in Ireland. When former members of Lennon's Quarry Men re-formed in the 1990s as a nostalgia act, Shotton performed with them. He later sang "Imagine" at a tribute to Lennon and the Beatles in Woolton.

Shotton died on 24 March 2017 in Knutsford, Cheshire from a suspected heart attack. aged 75.

Gustatory system

The gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste.

The human body can be stimulated by certain things. This stimuli is measured by sensory receptors and the energy is converted to something our brain can understand. There are receptors in our tongue which can measure four main things.

This is the simplest receptor found in the mouth.

Sour tastes are usually received from acidic compounds.

Bitter tastes are important, since poisons are usually bitter and therefore we need to know whether or not to spit a bitter food out. This is the most complicated receptor found in the mouth.

Food which has a lot of carbohydrates such as glucose are sweet.

Olfactory system

The olfactory system is the sensory system used for olfaction or the sense of smell.

Most mammals and reptiles have two parts to their olfactory system. 

The olfactory system is often spoken as being similar to the gustatory system (taste system). Both are chemosensory senses. They change chemical signals into nerve impulses, which are translated into perceptions in the brain.
The part of the brain which deals with olfaction is the rhinencephalon, a small part in the human brain, but much more important in other vertebrates. The piriform cortex is probably the area most closely associated with identifying the odor. The medial amygdala is involved in social functions such as mating and recognising animals of the same species. The entorhinal cortex pairs odors with memories. The exact functions of these higher areas is still being researched. 

Linda B. Buck and Richard Axel won the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on the olfactory system. By analyzing rat DNA, they estimated that there were about one thousand different genes for olfactory receptors in the mammalian genome. 

Damage to the olfactory system can happen through brain injury, cancer or toxic gases. The damage is usually measured by doctors giving the patient something to smell and having the patient try to guess what it is.


Bricostore

Bricostore is a type of French hypermarket. They sell do-it-yourself (DIY) goods.


Pharaoh's Island

Pharaoh's Island is an island on the River Thames, in Surrey, England. 

The island is above Shepperton Lock. It can only be reached by boats.

The island was given to Admiral Nelson as a reward for winning Battle of the Nile, and he used it as a place to fish.


Ky Ebright

Carroll M. Ebright (March 20, 1894 - November 1979), sometimes known as Ky Ebright was a coach for the University of California, Berkeley crew team. He is the only man to coach three Olympic gold medal winning eight oared boats. Ky Ebright died in Berkeley, California at the age of 85.




Robert Johnson

Robert Johnson may mean:











Robert Johnson (musician)

Robert Johnson, born Robert Leroy Johnson (May 8, 1911 – August 16, 1938) is one of the most famous Delta blues musicians.

He is known worldwide as the "King of the Delta Blues." He has also been called the "Grandfather of rock and roll."

He was born in Hazlehurst, Mississippi. He was the 11th child of his mother Julia Major Dodds, and 10th child of his father Charles Dodds. When he was born, his father had left his mother. He was brought up by a field worker named Noah Johnson. That is why he chose "Johnson" for his family name.

Johnson began playing guitar when he was a child. In February 1929, he married Virginia Travis and became serious about playing the guitar. His wife died in childbirth at the age of 16 in April 1930. Johnson began traveling up and down the Delta. Around 1936, he was introduced to other blues players through a friend.

He had a remarkable combination of talent for singing, playing the guitar and composing songs. His vocals, the originality of his songs and his style of playing guitar have influenced many musicians. These include: John Fogerty, Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix, The Yardbirds, The Black Keys, and The White Stripes. Eric Clapton said Johnson is "the greatest blues musician ever to live."

Johnson was ranked 71st on Rolling Stone magazine list of "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time." In 1986, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Johnson died on August 16, 1938. He died at the age of twenty-seven from poisoning. His early death and unknown early life have led to the spread of many legends.

Eleven records were made by Robert Johnson with Vocalion during his lifetime, and a twelfth record was made once he had died.

All following songs were released after 1939:

Ishman Bracey

Ishmon Bracey (January 9, 1899 or 1901 – February 12, 1970), was a blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi.

Bracey was born in Byram, Mississippi. He started playing at local dances and parties in about 1917. He also worked as a waterboy on the Illinois Central Railroad. His first recorded song was in Memphis in 1928. He played as lead guitar with Charlie McCoy on rhythm guitar.

In the 1920s, Bracey had not yet started playing delta blues and each of his songs were different. However, he was one of the only Mississippi blues musicians to sing with a nasal voice. He often sang about skin creams and powders which would lighten dark skin.

When he recorded in 1930, his voice had become deeper. This meant that he could not sing high enough for some of his songs and the songs had to be changed. He recorded after in 1931 for Paramount Records with a group called "The New Orleans Nehi Boys", which had a guitarist called Charles Taylor. 

Bracey has recorded 16 songs in all, the original copies of his 78-rpm records are some of the most valuable things in blues collecting history. "Trouble Hearted Blues" and "Left Alone Blues" are his best known songs.

Bundesfinanzhof

The Bundesfinanzhof or "Federal Finance Court" is one of the federal supreme courts of Germany. It is the final court of appeals for cases about tax and customs law. It hears cases from the "Finanzgerichte" (Finance Courts).

The "Federal Finance Court" was first created in 1918. It has its headquarters in Munich, Bavaria.


Hot Club de Paris

Hot Club de Paris are a band which came from Liverpool, United Kingdom. They are signed to the London-based Moshi Moshi Records, a record company, and released their debut album "Drop It 'Til It Pops" in October 2006. Their second album, "Live at Dead Lake", was released in June 2008.

The band formed in early 2004 after band members Matthew and Paul met in 2003 working at Chester racecourse. It's other members were playing in different bands in the Liverpool music scene including street punkers Down and Outs and new wave popsters Victor FME. 

They both loved American punk rock bands (Minutemen, Firehose, SST Records bands etc.) and they became interested in math rock and experimental indie bands which influenced their music a lot. They signed to Moshi Moshi Records in 2005, and have since toured around the world to support the release of their debut record. 

They have been shown on a number of music-based TV shows in the UK and their record played airplay on a number of radio stations including BBC Radio1, BBC 6 Music and XFM, whose DJ John Kennedy has championed the band. Kennedy claimed that their debut album is 'one of the best of 2006'.

They have toured with a number of bands including Jamie T, Maxïmo Park and The Who. 

They played at the 2007 SXSW music festival in Austin, Texas and have toured in the UK, Italy, Belgium, Ireland, Spain, France, Sweden, Iceland, Germany, Switzerland, the United States, Holland and India.

They recorded their second album ("Live at Dead Lake") in Chicago with Brian Deck. Brian Deck has previously produced Iron and Wine and Modest Mouse. It was released in 2008.

They released two EPs in 2010: "With Days Like This As Cheap As Chewing Gum, Why Would Anyone Want To Work?" and "The Rise And Inevitable Fall Of The High School Suicide Cluster Band". Tracks from these EPs were released on the album "Free The Pterodactyl Three" in 2011.


Hot Club De Paris have released several tracks on compilation albums, including "Can You Hear Me Clearly?", on Moshi Moshi records, and a rare CDR release "Munkyfest v7.0", released by the organisers of the "Munkyfest" festival. 



Willie Brown

The name Willie Brown may mean:



Willie Brown (musician)

Willie Brown (August 6, 1900 – December 30, 1952) was an American guitarist and singer. He played with Charley Patton, Son House, and Robert Johnson.

Brown was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi.

He was known to be shy and only wanting to accompany other musicians rather than play lead guitar. Robert Johnson called him "my friend boy Willie Brown".

Brown is heard playing on the Paramount label sessions of 1930. He played "M & O Blues" and "Future Blues". He also played songs with Son House and Charlie Patton. There are also rumours that he played with Luke Thomson and Thomas "Clubfoot" Coles. At least four other songs he recorded for Paramount have never been found.

Brown also played a song during the Great Depression for the Library of Congress called "Make Me a Pallet on the Floor".

A song called "Rowdy blues" was thought to have Brown playing on rhythm guitar since he played another song ("Future Blues") on the same album ("Son House & The Great Delta Blues Singers").

He died of heart disease in Tunica, Mississippi at the age of 52.


Sid Wilson

Sidney George "Sid" Wilson (born January 20, 1977) is an American musician and member of Slipknot. In Slipknot he is known as #0. He is known as the craziest member of Slipknot because of his over-the-top antics, such as jumping into the audience and moshing along with them, hitting himself with the custom percussion instruments, and walking on top of the crowd. He also performs as DJ Starscream.

His injuries include breaking both of his heels. He likes the television series "Transformers" and takes his DJ name "Starscream" from one of its characters. He also has tattoos of the characters. In Slipknot he wears a metallic style mask with lighting up eyes and moving eyebrows and mouth.

Mahamudra

Mahamudra (Sanskrit: "great seal") is an advanced form of meditation in Buddhism. It is practiced by the Kagyu, Gelug and Sakya schools of Tibetan Buddhism.

The Bön and Nyingma schools practice a different advanced form of meditation called Dzogchen.

Discount store

A discount store is a type of department store, which sell products at prices lower than traditional retail outlets. Most discount department stores offer wide assortments of goods; others specialize in such merchandise as jewelry, electronic equipment, or electrical appliances. Discount department stores are more popular in the United States than other countries. 

Second Temple

The Second Temple (Hebrew: בית המקדש meaning 'Holy House') was the reconstructed Temple in Jerusalem which stood between 516 BC and 70 AD. It is also known as Herod's Temple. During this time, it was the center of Jewish worship. The Romans destroyed Jerusalem and its Second Temple on August 4, 70 A.D.



Temple in Jerusalem

The Temple in Jerusalem or Holy Temple (, transliterated "Bet HaMikdash", which means literally "The Holy House") stood on the Temple Mount "(Har HaBayit)" in the old city of Jerusalem. According to classical Jewish belief, it was the "footstool" of God's presence in the physical world. It was the place where Jews brought all the offerings described in the Torah.

The First Temple, also called Solomon's Temple, was built by King Solomon in seven years during the 10th century BCE and has been dated astronomically to 957 BCE. It was the center of ancient Judaism. This first Temple was destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE. A new temple was built from 535 BCE to 516 BCE. That was destroyed by the Romans in 70 CE. All of the outer walls still stand, although the Temple itself has long since been destroyed.
The Islamic Dome of the Rock has stood on the site of the Temple since the late 7th Century CE. The al-Aqsa Mosque, from roughly the same period, also stands on the Temple courtyard.



Mean Girls

Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy movie starring Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Amy Poehler, and Tina Fey. It was written by Fey and directed by Mark Waters.

"Mean Girls" is about a teenage girl, Cady Heron, who used to be home schooled in Africa but moves to the United States and has to go to a normal high school in Evanston, Illinois. On her first day at school, she hates it. She thinks it is a bit weird because she cannot go to the toilet when she wants, cannot write in green ink and has to stay in the same seat every time she goes into a lesson. 

On the second day it becomes more successful as she makes new friends, Janis and Damian. When they skip a lesson, Janis and Damian give her a map of the school eating area. It is arranged into different sorts of people and their personalities. At lunch time Cady is on her way to sit with her new friends but is interrupted, then Regina, Gretchen and Karen ("The Plastics") ask her to sit with them and so she sits with them.

Soon, Cady joins the Plastics, and Janis devises a plan to shatter them. Cady convinces Regina to eat these bars that will make her gain weight instead of lose weight. However, Cady becomes too much like the Plastics, and throws a party at her parents' house without their permission. She tries to hook up with Regina's boyfriend, but he rejects her because she's "just like a clone of Regina now". Janis tells Cady that she's just like one of the Plastics now. 

Janis reveals to the entire school about her and Cady's plan to ruin Regina's reputation. Regina is upset and leaves the school but is hit by a bus. Low grades in calculus class force Cady to rethink her plans. She joins the math team, and works on getting her grades up. She manages to help the math team win a championship.


"Mean Girls 2" was released in 2011 on DVD. None of the actors from "Mean Girls" were in it apart from Tim Meadows.


French Open

The French Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is played in Paris, France. The first competition was held in 1891.

The French Open is known for being the only Grand Slam played on a clay court. On a clay court the ball bounces much slower and higher than on hard or grass courts. This makes it more difficult to win the point and rallies (the number of shots in a point) usually last longer. Players that excel on clay courts are called "clay-court specialists".

The tournament is played for two weeks. It starts in late May and finishes in early June.

Sometimes, the French Open is called the Roland Garros tournament. Roland Garros was a well-known aviator from World War I who had the main tennis court named after him.

The singles winners in 2016 were Novak Djokovic and Garbiñe Muguruza. The singles winners in 2015 were Stan Wawrinka and Serena Williams.


Sami

Sami might mean:



Sam Chatmon

Sam Chatmon (January 10 1897 - February 2 1983), was a guitarist and singer.

Chatmon was born in Bolton, Mississippi.

Chatmon had a very musical family, all of them lived in Mississippi. Two of Sam's brothers, fiddler Lonnie Chatmon and guitarist Bo Carter, performed with guitarist Walter Vinson as the Mississippi Sheiks. Chatmon himself was a member of the family's string band when he was young. He performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s.

The Chatmon band played:

Chatmon played the banjo, mandolin, harmonica and the guitar. He played at parties and on street corners in Mississippi for money and tips. In the 1930s he recorded songs with his brothers.

Chatmon moved to Hollandale, Mississippi in the early 1940s and worked on plantations in Hollandale. He started playing again in 1960, playing mostly blues music. In the same year, he recorded songs for Arhoolie Records. He went on tours in the 1960s and 1970s and played for many festivals such as the Festival of American Folklife in Washington, D.C. in 1972, the Mariposa Fest in Toronto in 1974, and the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in 1976.



Medicine wheel

A medicine wheel is a stone structure built by the natives of North America for spiritual and ritual purposes.

They appear mostly in Alberta, Canada. They were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern. They often look like a wagon wheel laying flat. They could be large, reaching up to 75 feet across.

Medicine wheels are still used today in the Native American traditions. However, the meaning is usually not shared outside the tribe.


Stone structure

Stone structures, or "megaliths", have been built by men for thousands of years. Many of these structures were built around the same time (the 3rd millennium BC).

Some of the better known ones are:


Megalith

A megalith is a large stone used to build a structure or monument, either alone or together with other stones. Megalithic means structures made of such large stones, put together without the use of mortar or cement. 

The word "megalith" comes from the Ancient Greek ' "megas" meaning "great", and ' "lithos" meaning "stone". It has been used to describe stone structures built by people from many parts of the world living in many different times. Many megaliths were used to figure out the dates of the solstices and equinoxes.

These structures were built mainly in the Neolithic period. They continued to be built into the Bronze Age. Some were built even earlier in the Mesolithic period.

A famous example of a megalith is Stonehenge.


Moshi Moshi Records

Moshi Moshi Records is a small London-based independent record label that has released music by the bands such as The Rakes, Bloc Party, Hot Chip, Hot Club De Paris, Kate Nash, Junkboy, Architecture in Helsinki, Tilly and the Wall, Yeti, and its newest release is from a group called Au Revoir Simone. Mates Of State is the Moshi Moshi's 50th release.

It is named after the Japanese telephone greeting "Moshi Moshi" ().




Joey Jordison

Nathan Jonas "Joey" Jordison (April 26, 1975 – July 26, 2021) was an American musician. He was the drummer for the band Slipknot. In Slipknot, he was known as #1. He is also the guitarist for Murderdolls.

Jordison died on July 26, 2021 at the age of 46. He was suffering from transverse myelitis when he died.

Richard Cromwell

Richard Cromwell (4 October 1626 – 12 July 1712) was the third son of Oliver Cromwell, and the second Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland, for little over eight months, from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659. Richard Cromwell's enemies called him "Hickory Dick" and "Queen Dick".

Richard Cromwell was not suited to ruling the country. He followed his father as ruler only because he was Oliver's oldest living son, and people expected one of Oliver's sons to follow him. After a short time, he gave up power and he knew that many of the people wanted King Charles II to come back from Holland and rule the country. When it was agreed that Charles would return, Richard thought it would be best for him to leave Britain, and he went to live in France for a while. He changed his name to "John Clarke" and travelled around Europe, not returning home for twenty years. When he came back, he lived quietly outside London for the rest of his life.

The nursery rhyme "Hickory Dickory Dock" is actually about Richard Cromwell. One of Richard's nicknames was Hickory Dick. The mouse in the rhyme runs down when the clock strikes one and Cromwell only reigned for one year.



 

Cipriano de Rore

Cipriano de Rore (born in Ronse, Flanders, 1515 or 1516; died Parma, September 1565) was a composer who lived in the Renaissance period. He was Flemish, but spent all his adult life in Italy. The name de Rore is a proper Flemish name, not a name that has been changed to look Italian. He was one of the most important composer of madrigals in the 16th century.

There is very little known about Rore's early life. He was born in a small town called Ronse (Renaix) in what is now Belgium. It is possible that he had music lessons in Antwerp. We think that he was taken to Italy by Margaret of Parma in 1533 as one of her servants. Margaret, who was an illegitimate daughter of Charles V, was very wealthy and she married into the Medici family. Rore probably continued to learn about music in Italy.

In his music publications de Rore is called a “disciple” of Adrian Willaert. We do not know whether this means that he had lessons from Willaert, or just that he learned to compose by studying Willaert’s music. His first book of madrigals was published in 1542, and then two books of motets were published.

In 1546 Rore went to Ferrara, where he was "maestro di cappella" (choirmaster) He wrote a great deal of music in Ferrara. He worked for the Duke Ercole II d'Este. He composed masses, motets, chansons, and lots of madrigals, some of which were about things that happened in the court at Ferrara. The duke awarded him an important honour. Rore also wrote music for Albrecht V of Bavaria who lived in Munich.

He left his job in Ferrara and went back to Flanders where he found his home town Ronse had been destroyed in a war. He went back to Ferrara, but could not get his old job back. After another visit to Flanders he returned to Italy and got a job in Parma, but the music in that town was not very good. For a short time he had a very important job of
"maestro di cappella" at St. Mark's. Adrian Willaert had just died. However, Rore only kept this job for a year, returning to Parma in 1564 and dying there the next year.

Rore is best known for his Italian madrigals, but he also wrote a lot of church music, including masses and motets. He learned from studying the music of Josquin. His madrigals are based on the style of Willaert. He enjoyed writing thick counterpoint and making the voices imitate one another a lot. Most of the words he set were serious words, not lighthearted and amusing. He often used chromaticism. He developed his musical style a lot during his lifetime. His music was very important in the development of the Italian madrigal, and it led the way to the madrigals of Monteverdi.


Flemish language

Flemish is a cluster of Dutch dialects spoken by people in the Flanders region of Belgium. Dutch became the official language of the northern part of Belgium in 1938.


1965 Yerevan demonstrations

The 1965 Yerevan Demonstrations were a 24-hour mass protest in Yerevan, Armenian SSR on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. It is said that this event constitutes the first step in the struggle for the recognition of the 1915 genocide.

On April 24, 1965, for the first time for any such demonstration in the entire Soviet Union, one million protesters held a 24-hour demonstration in front of the Opera House, and demanded that the Soviet Union government officially recognize the Armenian Genocide committed by the Young Turks in the Ottoman Empire, and build a memorial in Armenia's capital city of Yerevan to perpetuate the memory of the victims of the Armenian Genocide.

Many committed intellectuals, such as Silva Kaputikyan, had made impassioned pleas to the authorities in Moscow. The memorial, on Tsitsernakaberd hill, was completed in 1967.

Following the example of this high-profile demonstration, similar protests were made throughout the world, in whichever country the Armenian Diaspora exists. Since the day of the protests, Armenians to this day visit the memorial and make protests around the world to gain acceptance of the Armenian Genocide by Turkey.



Armenian Revolutionary Army

The Armenian Revolutionary Army (ARA) was a terror organization. Its last attack occurred in 1985.

5 Armenian gunmen (known as "Lisbon Five") attacked the Turkish embassy in Lisbon in 27 July, 1983. The first Armenian was killed by security guards at the start of the attack. The wife and the son of Osman Ozturk, the Turkish chargé d'affaires, and a Portuguese policeman also died in the assault, 4 people were injured. Portugal's Interior Minister Eduardo Perella said the government received intelligence information "that Armenian groups might attack Wednesday and beefed up security at diplomatic missions". 
The Armenian Revolutionary Army claimed responsibility for attack.

In a message dropped in the mailbox of The Associated Press office in Lisbon, the group said: "We have decided to blow up this building and remain under the collapse. This is not suicide... but rather our sacrifice to the altar of freedom". The group said the attack had been carried out because "Turkey and its allies refused to acknowledge the genocide of Armenians".


Thin film transistor liquid crystal display

A thin film transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) is a technology which is used in LCD monitor and television displays. TFT technology can be used to give one of the clearest pictures of any flat screen display and it uses much less electricity than older screens. TFT displays are very fragile because they are made as thin and light as possible but this means they need far less space than the older CRT displays. Widescreen Displays (which have an aspect ratio of 16:9) are becoming the most popular form of television and monitor displays. Standard format (which have an aspect ratio of 4:3) was the most popular for a long time.

The number of pixels in a display screen is called the resolution.
The word resolution means the solution of a problem. Better resolution on a display screen describes how detailed a picture can be displayed. Each pixel is another detail on the screen. This is normally described as two numbers, (width) x (height).

TFT dislays are also known as flatscreen, flat-panel, and liquid crystal display (LCD) but these types are not always TFTs.

TFT displays are made with a special chemical technology called chemical vapor deposition. With this special technology very thin glass can be coated with electrically metal and still be transparent. Chemical vapor deposition makes the thinnest computer and television display screens possible. 

As a result of applying this solution, a capacitor with a transistor is fixed to the pixels. Therefore, it is possible to create the necessary contrast. Among the minuses: poor viewing angle, impaired color rendering, increased power consumption. This technology has not yet been discontinued just because it is in high demand among consumers due to its affordable cost.

Most display screens have hundreds of thousands of pixels. Each pixel has to be set to the right colour (most display screens are capable of 16 million colours in each pixel). To make a clear picture, the screen might need to make millions of calculations. Any group of pixels that change to the same colour can be changed with one calculation, making the calculations much smaller. For example, if the picture to display was just a white screen, the screens processor would only calculate the colour once and use the same calculation for the whole screen. Changing one pixel at a time would take many more calculations. If the same picture was shown many times on the screen, the processor would calculate the picture once and then repeat it in whatever position and in different sizes, if needed. The processor can make very complicated calculations, but in the end it does less work. This is called rendering technology. Rendering technology in the most modern displays is like making a mosaic.

A display with a resolution of 1600 x 1200 pixels has four times the number of pixels in an 800 x 600 resolution. Without rendering technology the 1600 x 1200 display would do four times as much work as an 800 x 600 display so rendering technology is very useful to make a bigger display with some of the same parts used to make a smaller display.

The response time is the length of time it takes between the processor receiving a signal from the computer or the television station and displaying something on the screen. Today's displays have a very low response time (very fast). It is hard to see response times but they can affect a clear picture. A low response time is best for clear pictures when playing games and watching movies on the screen. For office work and internet browsing a fast response time is less important.

TFT response time is measured as the average time it takes to change the pixels from one shade of grey to another shade of grey.

Changing a pixel between colours takes more time than changing from black to white on a display screen. TFT is very fast for changing between colours which is more important for movies and games.

Positive aspects of TFT displays:


Negative aspects of TFT displays


At one time, there were some positive advantages of CRT displays, which are no longer true:


Negative aspects of CRT displays:


TN is an abbreviation for Twisted Nematic. This is a new kind of TFT technology. They offer higher resolutions (more pixels). TN panels have a lower response time (they react faster).

Jenkem

Jenkem is an alleged drug that was supposedly invented in poor parts of Africa.

When it is ready to be used, it is a gas. It is created from feces left in a container to ferment for a long time.

When breathed in, Jenkem makes the person see crazy things. It is like a crazy dream, the person imagines things happening that are not really happening. The person may also hear sounds that are not really there. This is called a hallucination. Jenkem is also used to make a person happy. Because it is made out of fermented waste (or old feces), it is also very stinky.

Some say it is as if you have a curtain in front of you.

Because Jenkem is human waste and is inhaled (huffing), the person can get an infection because of the dirt and germs in the waste.
Jenkem also contains methane, which is explosive and flammable.

US Open (tennis)

The US Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is played in Queens, New York City in the USA. It is run by United States Tennis Association. The tournament has been played on three different surfaces:

The tournament was first played in 1881 for men, and 1887 for women. In 2006, the U.S. Open became the first Grand Slam to use Hawk-Eye. Hawk-Eye is a machine that can give a virtual replay of the shot that has just been played - this is useful for seeing if the ball was in or out. When a player does not agree with the umpire, they can ask to use Hawk-Eye. As of 2007, the other three Grand Slams use this machine too.

The US Open is the final Grand Slam of the year and is played over two weeks, in late August and early September.




Mobile device

A mobile device is an electronic device which its user can easily carry with them. Typical examples are a mobile phone, PDA and handheld game consoles. Mobile devices do not need an external power supply to work. Usually, they have a battery to hold electricity to work without electric wires. A user can change, send and move data by connecting to a modem or cable, or more often wirelessly. 

Uses for these devices include reading and writing e-mails, surfing in the internet and listening to music. Smartphones, tablets and similar complicated mobile devices can run computer programs including computer games, and have many of the functions of a desktop PC.


Mobile devices can be classified by size and capabilities:


Tor (software)

Tor is a group of computer servers that keep users anonymous on the Internet. It works by moving data across many Tor servers, called "hops". The role of each server is to only move that data to another server. With the final hop moving data to the end site. As a result, information transmitted in this way is hard to trace.

Tor is also the name that some people give to the web browser used to access the Tor server, the Tor Browser Bundle. The browser is actually a specific version of Mozilla Firefox that has been changed so that it is extremely safe and secure.

Tor is used to hide Internet users. People who run the Tor network run a network of onion routers. This makes the location of the user secret. Services can also be hosted from "secret" locations using the Tor "Hidden services" feature. A hidden service is an anonymous website that search engines like Google don't know about, and it uses an Onion address as its URL. Onion addresses are URLs that looks like 16 random letters and numbers and ends with codice_1. People usually use the Tor browser to go to those sites.

The Tor network can be used for purposes that are against the law in some places. This can be criticizing leaders of state, P2P sharing of copyrighted files, moving child pornography., or buying and selling illegal drugs.


Damage deposit

A damage deposit or deposit is a sum of money that is paid when one rents an item. It is paid to ensure the owner that it is returned in good condition. It is very common with rented accommodation. There it may also be called a tenancy deposit or in some places a tenancy bond.

The owner of the item (the landlord in the case of accommodation) will take a sum of money from the person(s) renting the item (the tenant). If the item is returned in good condition at the end of the tenancy the owner should return the deposit. If the item is returned with damage the cost of repairing that damage may be charged against the deposit, and part (or none) of the deposit will be returned.


Accommodation

Accommodation can mean:


Lodging

Lodging or holiday accommodation is a type of accommodation. People who travel and stay away from home for more than a day need lodging mainly for sleeping. Other purposes are safety, shelter from cold and rain, and to have a place to store luggage and being able to take a shower.

They do that in a hotel, hostel or hostal, a private home (for example, a bed and breakfast or guest house place), in a tent, or a caravan/camper (often on a campsite). 

Lodging may also refer to when cereal crops fall over, often due to wind or rain pressure, making grain harvest difficult.



Republic of Venice

The Most Serene Republic of Venice (, ), was a state where modern Venice is now. It existed for one thousand one hundred years, from the late 7th century until the late 18th century (1797, when it was conquered by Napoleon). It was an great economic and trading power which was ruled by a leader called the Doge.

Venice was, at its height, the most powerful trading state in Europe.
It was based in the lagoon communities of the historically prosperous city of Venice. It held property in many places. This property was known as the "Stato da Màr". 

There were conflicts with the Catholic Church in Rome, and with Austria. War with their enemies brought the plague in 1630. In 16 months 50,000 people died in Venice, one third of the population. War with Turkish pirates
drained their strength. In 1714 the Turks declared was on Venice, and captured islands of the Peloponnese which had belonged to Venice.
The Republic of Venice declined in the 18th century.

Mindroling Monastery

Mindroling Monastery is one of the six major monasteries of the Nyingma school in Tibet. It was founded by Rigzin Terdak Lingpa in 1676. Tendrak Lingpa's lineage is known as the "Nyo" lineage. "Mindroling" in Tibetan means "Place of Perfect Freedom". It is near Lhasa on the south side of the Tsangpo river.

Mindroling was damaged in 1718 by the Dzungar Mongols from East Turkistan.
It was built again during the life of the Seventh Dalai Lama, Kelzang Gyatso (1708-1757).

Mindroling Monastery has a university. Nyingma scholars and yogis from all over Tibet studied there. The students studied Buddhist scriptures, astronomy, Tibetan lunar calendar, calligraphy, rhetoric, and Traditional Tibetan medicine. Monks studied thirteen major "sutra" and "tantra" texts of the Nyingma. They also learned from found teachings called "terma". The head of the school was very important in Tibet. 

At the time of the 1959 revolt against Chinese Communist rule in Central Tibet, there were around 300 monks at Mindroling. In the years after 1959, the monastery again was damaged, but not as badly as other monasteries such as Ganden. Now, the monastery is still being rebuilt .

In 1965, His Eminence Khochhen Rinpoche and a small group of monks started a new Mindroling monastery located near the hill town of Dehra Dun in Uttarakhand state, India. It now contains Ngagyur Nyingma College, one of the largest Buddhist institutes in India.



Royal Mail

Royal Mail is a postal service company in the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland. It was established as early as 1516. The British Government formerly owned it and since 2013 own 30% of it. 

The Universal Service Obligation says the company must deliver letters to all 32 million UK addresses six days a week, Monday to Saturday. It has put up the price of postage stamps because the number sent has dropped. They say the network was built for 20 billion letters but is now only delivering seven billion. In 2024 people got two letters a week on average. It lost £419 million in 2023. 



Body dysmorphic disorder

Body dysmorphic disorder (BDD) is a mental illness where someone is too critical of their body. If there is something wrong with their body, it is usually so small that a person without BDD would not be unhappy about it at all. People claim that they are insecure, but BDD is far worse.

Most people without BDD may not like some parts of their body, but people with BDD believe that they are so ugly, even though they are not, that they find it difficult to talk or exist with other people, or live normally, scared that other people will be mean to them because of the way they look. People with BDD often do not look for help because they are afraid others will think they are just vain, or they may feel too embarrassed to talk to other people as they think they are so ugly.

BDD is a somatoform disorder. People with BDD may look at themselves in the mirror too much, or some people with BDD may actually try not to look in the mirror. Both of these are possible for a person with BDD. They usually think about their body for more than one hour per day, and in bad cases, can stop talking to other people, and may stay at home. People with BDD often have very low self-confidence, because they believe that a person's value is linked to what they look like, and because they do not think that they are beautiful themselves, they do not think they have much value.


Sigmund Freud had an important Russian person (Sergei Pankejeff) with him in the past, who would have been classified as having the disorder in modern times. Freud named him "The Wolf Man", to protect Pankejeff's identity. Pankejeff was so unhappy with his nose that he could not live a normal life.

It is unknown what the full cause of BDD is. However, research shows that a number of things may be the cause:

"The chemicals in the brain." If the amount of serotonin is too low, one of the brain's neurotransmitters which gives us 'mood' and 'pain', may help cause body dysmorphic disorder. Scientists can not explain this chemical problem in the brain, but it may be hereditary (passed down from parents to child).

"Obsessive-compulsive disorder." Many people with BDD also have OCD, where the person does things without wanting to. If people have had, or have a genetic link to OCD, the person may be more likely to have BDD.

"Generalized anxiety disorder." Many people with BDD also have generalized anxiety disorder. This disorder is where the person worries about things a lot, which makes them have anxiety about things in their life, for example, about their body, as in BDD.

BDD usually develops in adolescence, a time when people usually worry about their appearance the most. However, many people with BDD suffer for years before they look for help. When they do look for help to Doctors, people with the problem often say they have other problems, for example, depression, social anxiety, or obsessive-compulsive disorder, but do not say their real problem is with the way they look. Most patients can not be convinced that the problem they have with their body is only 'imagined', and that they are seeing a 'changed' view of themselves, because people do not know much about BDD, compared to other mental problems, for example OCD or others.

The DSM (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders) IV says that a person must have the things written below if they have BDD:

A person with BDD will often do these things:

Dr. Katharine Philips did research, with more than 500 people with BDD, on the percentage of patients unhappy with the most common parts of the body;

source: "The Broken Mirror", Katharine A Philips, Oxford University Press, 2005 ed, p56

However, people with BDD often are unhappy about more than one part of their body.

A German study has shown that 1-2% of the population has complete BDD, but a bigger percentage of people show some of the effects ("Psychological Medicine", vol 36, p 877).

The number of men and women with BDD is around the same, but there are slightly more women with it. However, the number of men and women who go to the doctor with it are the same.

Studies show that BDD is common non-clinical places and clinical places. Research was done on 200 people with DSM-IV BDD. These people were aged 12 and older. They were interviewed. The people with BDD were found from 'mental-health doctors', advertisements, their friends and family, and non-psychiatrist physicians. 53 of the 200 people were receiving medication, 33 were receiving psychotherapy, and 48 were receiving both medication and psychotherapy. How bad each person's BDD was, was assessed using the "Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale", modified for BDD. Symptoms were assessed with the Body Dysmorphic Disorder Examination. Both tests were made just for BDD. The results showed that BDD is in 0.7% - 1.1% of community samples and 2%-13% of non-clinical samples. 13% of psychiatric patients had BDD. Research also found that some of the patients who were firstly diagnosed with OCD, also had BDD. 53 patients with OCD and 53 patients with BDD were compared to each other in research. Clinical features, comorbidity, family history, and population features were compared between the two groups. 9 of the 62 subjects (14.5%) of those with OCD also had BDD.

In most examples, BDD is not found even when people have it. In research done on 17 patients with BDD, BDD was 'found' in only five patients, and none of the patients had a proper diagnosis of BDD even though they all in fact had BDD.

BDD can cause only a few problems for some people. However, for other people, it can cause many problems.

It can make it very difficult to have a normal job or family life. People who have a job or a family to care for would definitely find life easier and better if they did not have BDD. The love partners of BDD people can also suffer, as they may sometimes lose their loved one to suicide. Friendship, romance, and family is very hard to hold for a person with BDD, as the unhappiness with the looks of the person takes over their life, so they often do not bother with the other aspects of life as much. Also, the BDD stops the person from making these 'bonds' with people, as they always feel scared about the way they look, and therefore find it difficult to be themselves with other people.

People with BDD may often have little motivation for anything. This means that BDD people can appear to take a long time to get everything done. However, this is not exactly true, because BDD sufferers will often just stop what they were doing for a long time, so it is not just that they are slow, but find it difficult to concentrate on what they are doing. without being able to actually motivate themselves until it becomes completely necessary to get back up. This low amount of motivation can be in all parts of a person's life, for example, school, friends, love, family, or work.

However, when the person is trying to do things to the way they look, such as combing their hair, or choosing clothes, it is common for the person to have an extreme motivation. Therefore, people with BDD can sometimes not feel motivated for anything in their life, but when they are working on their looks, they will have an extreme motivation that is not normal either.

People with BDD have a very high suicide rate compared to all mental problems.

Phillips & Menard did a lot of research in 2006 about BDD suicides.

Some people say that there is a link between undiagnosed BDD and a higher than average suicide rate with people who had cosmetic surgery.

Another condition, Gender identity disorder (GID), where the person finds his or her gender as a male or female uncomfortable, often has BDD-like feelings that are only directed at the primary and/or secondary sex characteristics on their body, which disagree with the person's perception of their own gender since birth. People with GID may also have BDD-like traits or their condition may be mis-diagnosed as BDD. Most studies reported a pre- transition GID suicide attempt rate of 20% or more. The suicide attempt rate for patients with BDD is 15%. No studies are available showing overlap between GID and BDD suicide rate because BDD is excluded as a condition prior to GID diagnosis.

BDD and GID are different conditions. One of the key differences is the fact that BDD responds to psychopharmacology, whereas GID does not. Furthermore, psychopharmacology or psychotherapy are often successful in convincing the BDD sufferer that their perceptions are distorted. Those with GID are rarely convinced that they are mistaken. GID (especially "transsexualism") also often manifests during early childhood, rather than during adolescence. It is standard practice in treating BDD to convince sufferers that surgical procedures are not necessary because eradicating their first perceived defect through surgery will only make them start obsessing about their next perceived defect, whereas those people properly diagnosed as "transsexual" under GID benefit greatly from surgical procedures specifically targeted at their primary or secondary sex characteristics. However, a person with GID may also have BDD if they obsess over perceived defects on their body that contradict or go beyond their gender identity.

BDD is often wrongly thought of as a 'vanity' obsession, but it is actually the opposite, because people with BDD believe they are very ugly, even though people without BDD do not think they are. There is not usually actually anything wrong with the way the person with BDD looks, but to that person, there is. A person with BDD can spend hours looking in the mirror, but they are not being vain, as they do not think they are attractive. People with BDD usually realize that worrying about their looks so much is bad, but they can not help it.

ALSO a person with BDD may alternatively avoid mirrors at all costs. Or any reflective surfaces for that matter. Including spoons, windows, mirrors, etc.

Research found that talking as therapy, has not worked to stop BDD. However, Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) has been found to be more effective. In a study of 54 patients with BDD, some of them had Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and some had no treatment. BDD symptoms decreased a lot in those patients undergoing CBT. BDD was eliminated in 82% of cases at post treatment and 77% at follow-up. (8) Due to low levels of serotonin in the brain, another commonly used treatment is SSRI drugs (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor). 74 subjects were enrolled in a placebo controlled study group to evaluate the efficiency of fluoxetine hydrochloride, a SSRI drug. Patients were randomized to receive 12-weeks of double-blind treatment with fluoxetine or the placebo. At the end of 12 weeks, 53% of patients responded to the fluoxetine.

Body Dysmorphic Disorder is a chronic disease that has symptoms that never subside. Instead, they get worse as time goes on. Without treatment, BDD could last a lifetime. In many cases, as illustrated in The Broken Mirror by Katharine Phillips, the social lives of many patients disintegrates because they are so preoccupied with their appearance.


BDD (disambiguation)

BDD is an abbreviation. It may mean:

Bed and breakfast

A bed and breakfast is a private home in which someone can stay when travelling abroad.


Bob Cobb

Bob Cobb can mean:

Camper

Camper can mean:


James Cotton

James "Jimmy" Cotton (July 1, 1935 – March 16, 2017), was an American blues harmonica player, singer, and songwriter. He was an orphan.

Cotton first became interested in playing music when he heard Sonny Boy Williamson on the radio. He left his home to find Sonny Boy Williamson, and when he found him (in West Helena, Arkansas), Williamson took him in and raised him. Blues singer Bobby Bland was his half-brother.

Cotton first began playing the blues harp in Williamson's band, called Howlin Wolf's. After one gig, Sonny Boy quit the band to live with his wife in Milwaukee. He left the band in Cotton's hands. Cotton said, "He just gave it to me. But I couldn't hold it together 'cause I was too young and crazy in those days an' everybody in the band was grown men, so much older than me."

Cotton started working with the Muddy Waters Band in 1955. He performed songs like "I Got My Mojo Working" and "She's Nineteen Years Old". After leaving Muddy's band in 1966, Cotton toured with Janis Joplin. Alone, Cotton wrote classic songs like "Cotton Crop Blues", "Rocket 88" and "Hold Me In Your Arms". He formed the James Cotton Blues Band in 1967. They performed all of Cotton's classics and more.

Cotton died at a medical center in Austin, Texas from pneumonia on March 16, 2017 at the age of 81.

Cotton played harmonica on Muddy Water's Grammy Award winning 1977 album "Hard Again". James Cotton's band would also get nominated for two Grammy Awards. The first one was for his 1984 release, "Live From Chicago: Mr. Superharp Himself!". His second for "Take Me Back". 

Cotton played with the following people:



Accommodation (eye)

Accommodation is the way the eye increases optical power (the degree to which the lens converges or diverges light). This is necessary to produce a clear image (focus) on an object when it draws near the eye. A lens that is more convex( fatter in the middle) would refract more light rays than a less convex lens (thinner lens). The lens can change shape because the cells of the lens contain an elastic crystalline protein. The young human eye can change focus from distance to seven centimeters from the eye in 350 milliseconds. 

The eye focuses on a given object by changing the shape of the eye lens through accommodation. This is controlled by ciliary muscle,which surrounds the lens. 


Focus (optics)

In geometrical optics, a focus (also called an image point) is the point where light rays that come from a point on the object converge (come together).

In reality the focus is never a point but a small spot called the "blur circle".

An image, or image point or region, is in focus if light from object points is converged almost as much as possible in the image, and out of focus if light is not well converged.

List of municipalities in Switzerland

The following is a list of the municipalities in Switzerland.

Vich, Switzerland

Vich is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
The Plainisphare record label is in Vich.

Vich once had a paleolithic village (which are about 2.5 million years old) on it. There are also clues that it was lived on during the Bronze Age. There is also a Roman paved road running through it from Nyon to Orbe.

Vich was controlled by many people. It belonged to the lords of Besançon to Cossonay, Prangins and Savoy.

In 1536 the canton of Vaud was taken by the Bernese who kept it until 1798 when the canton was freed by the French revolutionary troops. In 1803, Vich joined the Swiss Confederation.


Ludiano

Ludiano was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle.

Lugaggia

Lugaggia was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined together and became the municipality of Capriasca.

Lugano

Lugano (Latin language: "Luganum") is a city of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Lugano has existed as a town since at least 984. The territory of Lugano was fought over by Milan and Como throughout the Middle Ages. The city joined Switzerland in 1513. In 1956, Lugano hosted the first ever Eurovision Song Contest.

Since 2004 the former municipalities of Breganzona, Cureggia, Davesco-Soragno, Gandria, Pambio-Noranco, Pazzallo, Pregassona and Viganello were incorporated into the city. In 2008, they were followed by Barbengo, Carabbia and Villa Luganese. In 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Sonvico and Valcolla were incorporated into the city.


Lumino

Lumino is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Egyptian pyramids

The Pyramids of Egypt are among the largest structures ever built and are one of the most important examples of Ancient Egyptian civilisation. Most were built during the Old and Middle Kingdom periods. 

The pyramid were mostly made of limestone. The top layers were casing blocks of especially good white limestone laid on top of the main blocks. Each casing block was then trimmed so that the outer surface of the pyramid would be smooth and white. Some capstones were covered with metal leaf.

The casing blocks from the Great Pyramid of Giza were all removed in the 14th and 15th centuries A.D. and used to build the city of Cairo. Some casing blocks still remain on the top of the pyramid next to Khufu's (belonging to Khafra). 

The ancient Egyptians built pyramids as tombs for the pharaohs and their queens. The pharaohs were buried in pyramids of different sizes from before the beginning of the Old Kingdom to the end of the Middle Kingdom.

Three small pyramids were built on the eastern side of the great pyramid. These pyramids were built for Khufu's queens.

A small satellite pyramid was built near the queens' pyramids. Some experts believe that this may have been built as a symbolic tomb for Khufu's ka (spirit).

Surrounding the pyramid there are several hundred mastaba tombs of nobles. The nobles wanted to be buried close to their pharaoh so that they would stay close to him in the next life.

There are about eighty pyramids known today from ancient Egypt. The three largest and best-preserved of these were built at Giza in the Old Kingdom. The best-known of these pyramids was built for the pharaoh Khufu. It is known as the 'Great Pyramid'.

The following table lays out the dates of construction of most of the major pyramids. Each pyramid is identified by the pharaoh who ordered it built, their approximate reign and its place.


Andy Murray

Sir Andrew Barron Murray (born 15 May 1987) is a British professional tennis player from Scotland, known as Andy Murray. He was ranked as the number one British tennis player from 2006 to early 2018. From 7 November 2016 to 20 August 2017 Murray was number 1 in the world rankings.

Murray represents Great Britain in his sporting activities and is a three-time Grand Slam tournament winner, two-time Olympic champion and Davis Cup champion.

Murray was born in Glasgow. His brother is tennis player Jamie Murray.

As a junior, Murray won the US Open and reached the semifinals of the French Open. Murray turned professional in 2005.

Murray was given a Wild Card to Wimbledon and the US Open in 2005, where he reached the third round to David Nalbandian at Wimbledon; and the second round at the US Open. Murray claimed his first title in 2006 at the SAP Open as he beat Lleyton Hewitt in the final. He has appeared in 11 Grand Slam finals, winning three. The first time was in the 2008 US Open. The second time was in the 2010 Australian Open. Both times he lost to Roger Federer. The third time was in the 2011 Australian Open, when he lost to Novak Djokovic. The fourth time was in the 2012 Wimbledon Championships, when he lost to Roger Federer again. Murray won a gold medal in the singles of the London 2012 Summer Olympics, beating Federer in straight sets. Murray won the US Open singles later in 2012, defeating Novak Djokovic. In 2013, Murray won the Wimbledon singles, beating Djokovic 6–4, 7–5, 6–4. In 2016, he won the Wimbledon singles again, beating Milos Raonic 6–4, 7–6, 7–6 in the final. In August 2016, he won the gold medal in the singles at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

This table shows Murray's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

Old Kingdom of Egypt

The Old Kingdom is the name for Egypt during the 3rd millennium BC when the civilization of Egypt had its first peak. It was the first of three so-called "Kingdom" periods, which mark the high points of civilization in the lower Nile Valley (the others being Middle Kingdom and the New Kingdom of Egypt).

Old Kingdom was the best by the Third Dynasty through to the Sixth Dynasty (2686 BC – 2134 BC). Many Egyptologists also include the Memphite Seventh and Eighth Dynasties in the Old Kingdom as a continuation of the administration centralized at Memphis. The Old Kingdom was followed by a period of disunity and relative cultural decline that is called the First Intermediate Period by Egyptologists.

The royal capital of Egypt during the Old Kingdom was Memphis. During the Old Kingdom era the great pyramids were built to be burial tombs for the Pharaohs. Because Pharaohs were believed to be given authority from heaven, they wished to walk to Ra, their Sun-god, after death. King Zoser's adviser Inhotep designed the pyramid, hoping to easily reach Ra. The tombs were built on the west bank of the Nile where the sun seemed to set. For this reason, the Old Kingdom is sometimes called "The Age of the Pyramids."

Khufu, called Cheops, was the Pharaoh who built the Great Pyramid at Giza, near Cairo. He believed his soul never died, so they stored food, clothes, and things he owned in the rooms of the pyramid. The Great Pyramid is one of the Seven Wonders of the World: tall as a forty-story building, it took a hundred thousand men twenty years to build. With only ramps and physical energy, they had to move and lift into place 2,300,000 blocks of limestone that were about two and one-half tons apiece. Slaves, farmers, and gangs of men had to work on the Great Pyramid, and were paid with valuable things, not coins (Egyptians had no coins).
To guard the pyramids, a huge stone statue called the Great Sphinx was created and placed nearby. The Great Sphinx has a man's head and a lion's body, with paws 50 ft (15 m) long.

At last, the priests overthrew the Pharaohs. Then the nobles and priests ruled.



Memphis, Egypt

Memphis was the ancient capital of the first nome of Lower Egypt, and of the Old Kingdom of Egypt from its foundation until around 2200 BC and later for shorter periods during the New Kingdom. It was an administrative centre throughout ancient history.

Its ancient Egyptian name was Ineb Hedj ("The White Walls"). The name "Memphis" () is the Greek of the Egyptian name of the pyramid of Pepi I (6th dynasty), which was Men-nefer, and became Menfe in Coptic. The modern cities and towns of Mit Rahina, Dahshur, Saqqara, Abusir, Abu Gorab, and Zawyet el'Aryan, south of Cairo, all lie within the administrative borders of historical Memphis ().

Memphis was also known in Ancient Egypt as Ankh Tawy ("That which binds the Two Lands") because of the strategic position of the city between Upper and Lower Egypt.

The ruins of Memphis are 20 km (12 miles) south of Cairo, on the west bank of the Nile.

In the Bible, Memphis is called Moph or Noph.



List of readability tests

This is a list of formulas which predict textual difficulty.

These are ways of predicting how hard a piece of writing will be to understand (its textual difficulty). Research has shown that two main factors affect the ease with which texts are read.

Formulae for predicting how difficult a sample of prose will be for readers are called "readability formulae". Some measure only the difficulty of the vocabulary: they are one-variable measures. Others include a measure of syntax such as sentence length.

Validity of formulae can be judged by comparing them to each other, which is a kind of consistency check. More important is a check for how well they predict an independent ("outside") criterion of readability.

One way to do this is to use a set of graded test passages. There the correlation coefficient of the better formulae "hovers around 70%". There have been many dozens of experimental tests, summarised by Klare. Correlations between readability measures and comprehension scores on passages are usual, as are correlations between readability scores are grade levels as chosen by experienced teachers. Quite an important result was got by Murphy, who increased the readability of a farm journal and found the readership much increased.

The SMOG formula uses one variable to predict the difficulty of a passage of prose. It was developed G. Harry McLaughlin in 1969 to make calculations as simple as possible. Like Gunning-Fog the formula uses words which have 3 or more syllables as an indicator for hardness; these words are said to be polysyllabic.

The original formula was given for samples of 30 sentences. It is:

This can be adjusted to work with any number of sentences:

McLaughlin also created directions for an approximate version which can be done with just mental calculation. 

Edgar Dale, a professor of education at Ohio State University, was one of the first critics of Thorndike's vocabulary-frequency lists. He claimed that they did not distinguish between the different meanings that many words have. He created two new lists of his own. One, his "short list" of 769 easy words, was used by Irving Lorge in his formula. The other was his "long list" of 3,000 easy words, which were understood by 80 percent of fourth-grade students. In 1948, he incorporated this list in a formula which he developed with Jeanne S. Chall, who was to become the founder of the Harvard Reading Laboratory. 

To apply the formula:

Raw Score = 0.1579PDW + 0.0496ASL + 3.6365

Where: 

Finally, to compensate for the "grade-equivalent curve," apply the following chart for the Final Score:

In 1995, Dale and Chall published a new version of their formula with an upgraded word list.

The formula for the Flesch reading-ease score is

Scores can be interpreted as shown in the table below.

The US Department of Defense uses the reading ease test as the standard test of readability for its documents and forms. Florida requires that life insurance policies have a Flesch reading ease score of 45 or greater.

Use of this scale is so ubiquitous that it is bundled with popular word processing programs and services such as KWord, IBM Lotus Symphony, Microsoft Office Word, WordPerfect, and WordPro.

The Gunning Fog, sometimes called the Fog index, is a formula developed by Robert Gunning. It was first published in his book "The Technique of Clear Writing" in 1952. It became popular because the score is easy to calculate. 

The formula has been criticized as it mainly uses sentence length. The critics argue that texts created with the formula will use shorter sentences without using simpler words. However, this criticism confuses "prediction of difficulty" with production of prose (writing). The role of readability tests is to predict difficulty; writing better prose is quite another matter. As discussed in prose difficulty, sentence length is an index of syntactical difficulty.

Where:

The Spache method compares words in a text to a list of words which are familiar in everyday writing. The words that are not on the list are called "unfamiliar". The number of words per sentence are counted. This number and the percentage of unfamiliar words is put into a formula. The result is a reading age. Someone of this age should be able to read the text. It is designed to work on texts for children in primary education or grades from to .

In 1974 Spache revised his Formula to: 

The calculations are performed in two steps. The first step finds the Estimated Close Percentage. The second step calculates the actual grade.

A simple version also exists that is not as accurate:

The Automated Readability Index was designed for real-time computing of readability for the electric typewriter.


Nome (Egypt)

A Nome (from , “district”) was an administrative part of ancient Egypt. Nome is a Greek name, used late in Egypt's history; the Egyptian name was "sepat".

The division of ancient Egypt into nomes happened before 3100 BC. These nomes began as autonomous city-states, but later began to join together. According to ancient tradition, the ruler Menes finally joined all the nomes into a single kingdom.

The nomes remain in place for more than 3,000 years.

Lower Egypt, from the Old Kingdom capital Memphis to the Mediterranean Sea, had 20 nomes. The first was based around Memphis, Saqqara, and Giza, in the area occupied by modern-day Cairo. The nomes were numbered in a more or less orderly fashion south to north through the Nile delta. The numbering started in the west, and continued with the higher numbers in the east. Alexandria was in the Third Nome; Bubastis was in the Eighteenth.

Upper Egypt was divided into 22 nomes. The first of these was centered around Elephantine close to Egypt's border with Nubia at the First Cataract – the area of modern-day Aswan. From there the numbering progressed downriver in an orderly fashion along the narrow fertile strip of land that was the Nile valley. Waset (ancient Thebes or contemporary Luxor) was in the Fourth Nome, Amarna in the Fourteenth, and Meidum in the Twenty-First.

The nomes are listed in separate tables for Upper and Lower Egypt

Alan K. Bowman (1990). "Egypt After the Pharaohs". Oxford University Press.


Cataracts of the Nile

The cataracts of the Nile are areas between Aswan and Khartoum where the water is shallow and flows quickly. The surface is broken by numerous small boulders and stones that lie on the river bed, as well as many small rocky islets. This is called "rapids or "white water".

River cataracts often go with a rapid down-drop of the river. They block the waterway, since boats cannot safely carry cargo through.

The six first cataracts of the River Nile were the main obstacles for boats sailing on the Nile in antiquity. Counted upstream (from north to south), the First Cataract is in modern Egypt; the rest are in Sudan.


The word cataract comes from the Greek word "Katarakhtes" meaning "waterfall".

In ancient times, Upper Egypt extended from the Nile Delta to the first cataract. Further upstream, in what is modern Sudan, the land was later controlled by the Kingdom of Kush.

The cataract faces north, not south, because the river flows north, from Lake Victoria in the south.

The 1899 book "The River War" by Winston Churchill explains each of the cataracts.




Paul Gray

Paul Dedrick Gray (April 8, 1972 – May 24, 2010) was an American musician and bassist for Nu Metal band Slipknot. He was born in Los Angeles, California and moved to Slipknot's home town when he was just a baby.

He was the only member of Slipknot who was not from Des Moines, Iowa.

On May 24, 2010, "The Des Moines Register" said that Gray had been found dead in a hotel room in the TownePalace Suites hotel in Urbandale, Iowa. 

An autopsy performed on June 21, 2010 showed that Gray died of an accidental overdose of morphine and fentanyl. It also showed that he had signs of a "significant heart disease".

His physician Daniel Baldi was charged with involuntary manslaughter in September 2011. Baldi was accused of continuing to write high-doses of prescription drugs for Gray even though it was known that Gray was a known drug addict. He was also charged with the deaths of seven others and pleaded not guilty when he faced charges.

Smog

Smog is a type of air pollutant; the word "smog" is a combination of smoke and fog. Classic smog results from large amounts of coal burning in an area and is caused by a mixture of smoke and sulfur dioxide.

London is where it first happened. Coal fires are now illegal in London, and trains are driven by other fuels. In cities like Los Angeles it is the exhaust fumes of cars which cause the smog. 

Delhi is supposed to be the most polluted city on Earth. Smogs cause lung diseases and increase the death rate. According to one estimate, air pollution causes the death of about 10,500 people in Delhi every year.

Peking (Beijing) is another city where air pollution is serious. Car emissions and coal burning are the main reasons for their pollution. They also get pollution from some neighbouring regions, due to the pattern of air movement in the area.

Smog (disambiguation)

Smog may also rmean:


Island Records (disambiguation)

Island Records may refer to the following music industry record labels:

Island Records

Island Records is a Jamaican-British record label that was founded by Chris Blackwell in Jamaica. It was based in England for many years, but is now owned by Universal Music Group of the United States, and is operated through The Island Def Jam Music Group.

This list is probably incomplete, and some of the dates are uncertain.


Fiction Records

Fiction Records is a record label that was founded in 1976 by Chris Parry as a home for The Cure. Other notable acts to release on Fiction around this time were the Purple Hearts, Back To Zero, Associates, Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias and Eat (band). The label's first #1 record was "Wish" by The Cure in 1991, going #1 in the United Kingdom. The band left the record label in 2001, signing to Geffen at the end of the year.

After a period of several years, the label was then re-started in 2002 by Joe Munns, Paul Smernicki and Jim Chancellor as a Polydor imprint. The first release of this record label was a single by Snow Patrol.



Foals (band)

Foals are a dance-punk band from Oxford who play a mixture of Indie, techno and Math-Rock. The band work with Transgressive Records.

In August 2007, the band appeared in a mini episode of "Skins", which aired on Myspace.

The band appeared on the 16th November 2007 episode of Later With Jools Holland playing their songs 'Balloons' and 'Red Socks Pugie'.

The band have also appeared on T-Mobile's Transmission on Channel 4 where they performed the song Hummer.





Polydor Records

Polydor Records is a record label currently based in the UK, and is a subsidiary of Universal Music Group. 

Though Polydor's American branch is gone, in the United Kingdom, however, Polydor continues to sign chart-topping acts and remains one of the strongest imprints in the country — with artists such as Klaxons, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Take That and Kaiser Chiefs. 

It also acts as the UK label for American-based acts under Interscope-Geffen-A&M like Eminem and Gwen Stefani.

In spring 2006, Polydor launched Fascination Records, a music label dedicated to pop music. Both Girls Aloud and Sophie Ellis-Bextor transferred to the new label.



Fascination Records

Fascination Records is a Polydor sub-label that launched in spring 2006. The record label is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine.

As part of Polydor Records UK, the label will concentrate on a small number of pop acts and will complement the re-activated Fiction rock imprint.




Lists of record labels

Lists of record labels cover record labels, brands or trademarks associated with marketing of music recordings and music videos. The lists are organized alphabetically, by genre, by company and by location.


Laura Marling

Laura Marling (born 1 February 1990) is a British folk singer-songwriter. Marling won Best Female Solo Artist at the 2011 Brit Awards.

Marling was born in Hampshire. She went to Leighton Park School. When she was 16 she moved to London.

Marling has toured with a number of well-known indie artists in the UK including Jamie T, who personally invited her on tour with him in 2010 after he attended her second-ever gig.

She performed at this summer's 02 Wireless Festival
and also performed at the first Underage Music Festival in August 2007 at Victoria Park, East London. She has also performed at Electric Gardens Music festival in Kent .

Her debut single came out on WayOutWest Records, with a new single coming out soon on Virgin Records. 

She appeared on Later with Jools Holland where she performed the song "New Romantic". Marling's first album "Alas I Cannot Swim" was released on 4 February 2008. Her single Ghosts was out on 15 January 2008.

Marling's second album "I Speak Because I Can" was released in 2010.

In 2011 her third album "A Creature I Don't Know" was released.

In 2013 Marling's fourth album "Once I Was An Eagle" was released. It got good reviews. It reached number three in the UK Album Chart. Marling was nominated for Best British Female at the 2014 Brit Awards.





List of record labels: 0–9

This is a list of notable record labels starting with numbers.



]
Reproduction (disambiguation)

Reproduction may mean:



Self-replication

Replication is a general word for making a copy. Self-replication is how a thing might make a copy of itself. Biological cells, in suitable environments, reproduce by cell division. The process is self-organising, given the basic machinery of a cell. During cell division, DNA is replicated and can be transmitted to offspring during reproduction. 

Other kinds of replication occur. RNA viruses use the mechanism of a cell to replicate their own RNA strand and make its protein coat. Retroviruses are one of most important RNA viruses; there are a number of other types. Viruses can only reproduce by taking over the reproductive machinery of cells through infection. Computer viruses reproduce using the hardware and software already present on computers.

Memes reproduce using the human mind and culture as their reproductive machinery.


Josquin des Prez

Josquin des Prez (born near St Quentin some time between 1450 and 1455; died St Condé-sur-l'Escaut, 27 August 1521 was a French composer. He was one of the greatest composers of the Renaissance. He changed music from the sound of medieval compositions and developed the style which led to the great compositions of the 16th century Renaissance composers such as Adrian Willaert, Palestrina, Lassus and Byrd.

Josquin was born ca. 1450-55 and died in 1521.
The name Josquin was a common name in Northern France and Flanders at that time. It was the name of a Breton saint who had lived in that area in the 7th century. The name Des Prez started off as a nickname in the family, and gradually it became the family name. The name Josquin des Prez is spelt in several different ways in old documents. He is often simply called "Josquin".

We know very little about his life. We know very little about what people thought about him during his life, although after his death many people admired his music. Even his birthplace is uncertain. We do not know where he got his musical training. He was described as a "pupil of Ockeghem", but that may just mean that he studied Ockeghem's music.

We know that he became a singer in the chapel of Aix-en-Provence, the chapel of the Duke of Anjou. After the duke's death in 1480 he worked for King Louis XI of France until he, too, died in 1483. We do not know where he worked after that, but he had some music published, including six chansons. He probably worked for some time in Milan.

In 1489 Josquin went to Rome and worked in the pope's chapel. He stayed there at least until 1495, possibly later. There he wrote music for the chapel, including some motets. His music was becoming well known in some parts of northern Italy. It was a time of war in Italy. Several times the king of France invaded parts of Italy. Josquin seems to have written several pieces for the French royal court, including some funeral music on the death of King Louis XII in 1515.

For a year (1503-1504) he was maestro di cappella in Ferrara. He may have left that job because of an outbreak of the plague. A few months after he left the famous composer Jacob Obrecht took over the job. Obrecht was only paid half the salary that Josquin had been given. Very soon afterwards, Obrecht died of the plague.

From 1504 until his death in 1521 Josquin was back in Northern France, where had the job of provost in Condé-sur-l'Escaut, which may possibly have been his birthplace. The church was a very important one, and it had an excellent choir.

Before he died Josquin paid a lot of tax to make sure that after his death his property did not go to the local lord of the manor but would be given to his church. After his death his house was sold, and the money was used for special church services to remember him. There was a statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary on the wall of his old house, and when church processions passed by they stopped in front of it and sang Josquin's motets "Pater Noster" and "Ave Maria".

His music is nearly all choir music. It consists mainly of church music: motets and masses, although he also wrote some secular (non-religious) music, including some chansons (French songs) and some instrumental music. One popular song is called "El Grillo ". It means "the cricket" and it describes the sound of a cricket singing in the grass.

Josquin was a master of polyphony. His name had become so famous that, after his death, many publishers printed music by other composers and pretended it was by Josquin so that more people would buy it. During recent years musicologists have studied many of these manuscripts very carefully and tried to decide which ones were really by Josquin.


Beppe Grillo

Giuseppe Piero Grillo, better known as Beppe Grillo (born 21 July 1948), is an Italian comedian and actor. He has worked in theatres and television.

Grillo was born in Savignone, a small town in the Province of Genoa, Liguria. Grillo became a comedian improvising a monologue at an audition. Two weeks later he was discovered by Italian television presenter Pippo Baudo. He participated in the variety show "Secondo Voi" for two years (1977-78). Later, in 1979, he was in "Luna Park" and "Fantastico".

In 1984 he participated to "Te la do io l'America" (four episodes) and "Te lo do io il Brasile" (6 episodes). On these shows, he spoke about his visits to the United States and Brazil and talked about their culture and lifestyle.

His popularity grew more and more. He became the protagonist of another show called "Grillometro" ("Grillometer"). Soon after this, his performances started to have more and more political satire. He often insulted politicians. In 1987 during the Saturday night television programme "Fantastico 7", he made comments about the Italian Socialist Party and its leader Bettino Craxi who had just taken a trip to China. Grillo said, "If the Chinese are all socialists, whom do they steal from?" The Italian Socialist Party did not like this because he was calling them thieves. After this episode, Grillo slowly was banned from the publicly owned television. Grillo not back on television until the political party was forced to disband several years later.

In 1993, Grillo was allowed on public television one more time. This show was watched by 16 million of Italians. This was the most viewers ever for Italian television.

Grillo has a daily blog where he speaks about alternative energy, globalization, and technology. Versions of the blog are in English, Italian and Japanese. Posts in the Italian version will commonly get thousands of comments and replies from people. His blog is one of the 10 most viewed blogs. He often gets letters from important people who support his blog. These people include Antonio Di Pietro (Italian Minister Of Infrastructures), Fausto Bertinotti (President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies), Renzo Piano, and even Nobel Prize Winners like Dario Fo, Joseph E. Stiglitz, Dalai Lama, Muhammad Yunus.

Grillo commonly fights against corruption in his blog. He has used it to help create change in the Italian government. He wants any politician who have been found guilty of a crime to be removed from office.

Grillo founded the politic party Five Star Movement in 2009.

In 1980, Grillo was found guilty of manslaughter for a car accident in which he was the driver. Three passengers lost their lives.

Grillo never hesitates to name firms and people he believes are corrupt. He always supports his views with data and documents. This has caused him to be sued several times for libel by many people and organizations which he had exposed, such as Telecom Italia.

Grillo is often criticized for his lifestyle. They do not think it is correct for him to own a motor yacht and a Ferrari when these things are against his ecological statements. Beppe Grillo said that he did own them, but that he had sold them since then. It is also said that he is just saying what is wrong about politicians based on the popular opinions of the people and does not give any other ways things should be done.



Tor

Tor is a part of land that is made of rock. It is created by weathering, which is a form of erosion. It is mostly found near hills.

Tor (disambiguation)

Tor may refer to:

Palladium (band)

Palladium is an English Pop Rock band. It started in September 2006.

The four band members are Peter, Rufio, Fez and Rocky. They met each other during various tours on the session musician circuit.
They played their first gig together under the name, "The Peppernotes" at a Caribbean Restaurant dressed as Peter Pan in drag. Since then they have changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse, Mika and The Thrills.
They were soon signed to Virgin Records. The deal being signed whilst they were on tour in Japan.
Through their live shows Palladium have gained many fans, including Amy Winehouse, Mystery Jets and Get Cape, Wear Cape, Fly.
Their debut single, "Happy Hour", was released on 23 July 2007.
They have recorded their debut album, "The Way It's Not", with Tony Hoffer (The Kooks, Beck, The Fratellis). It was announced that the album was due to be released on 28 January 2008. However, according to HMV and Amazon.co.uk it is now expected to be released on 17 March 2008.
They were announced as main support for Mika's late 2007 UK tour.

Palladium get ideas from a wide range of music. Pink Floyd, The Police, Toto, Fleetwood Mac, Stevie Wonder and Hall and Oates have all been mentioned by the band. They have also played at Godolphin and Latymer School in Hammersmith.



Meme

A meme ( ) is an idea or belief which spreads because one person copies it from another.

One idea is that culture builds in a way similar to living things. An example would be how viruses spread to different organisms. Memes change as they go, creating controversy, and sculpting society. Just as a virus would, memes evolve from their state, being photoshopped, and exaggerated. Memes can be about anything. 

Biologist and evolutionary theorist Richard Dawkins invented the word "meme" in 1976. He said that tunes, catch-phrases, beliefs, clothing fashions, ways of making pots, and the technology of building arches were all examples of memes.




Analogy

An analogy is a comparison between two things that are similar in some way. When you draw an analogy between two different things, you are comparing them because you want to make a concept easier to understand.

There is a difference between superficial analogies and profound analogies. Two things might look alike, but work quite differently, or they might look different, but work in ways like each other. Most effort is put into finding profound analogies which teach us something worth knowing. As another philosopher puts is:

Mario Bunge sees analogy as a main way of getting new hypotheses which can be tested. He points out that analogies may be based on similarities in behaviour, or in structure.



Legitimacy

The word legitimacy means something which is good and right. The thing may be right because it follows the law, a religion calls it right, or it may be naturally right. People may not agree about what is right and so they may not agree what legitimacy is and the things that are legitimate.

There are different uses of the word "legitimacy."

When a government is accepted by most people, it is considered to have "legitimacy". In the past, different reasons were used to make people accept a government. In the Zhou Dynasty in China, the rulers said that they were given the "Mandate of Heaven," which means that the ruler was chosen by God. That is similar to the divine right of kings doctrine in Europe, whose kings would say that they were chosen by God.

During the time of the Enlightenment, John Locke wrote that government legitimacy came from the agreement of the people who are governed. In Western thinking, that has become the accepted meaning. Not all people must agree. Only most people must agree that the government is the best way to make laws and rule if the government has legitimacy.

Max Weber said that there are three kinds of political legitimacy:


In common law, legitimacy is the status of a child who is born to parents who are legally married to each another. In the opposite, illegitimacy describes someone whose parents were not married. Such a person was called "illegitimate", which literally means “not legal” (against the law). Virtually everyone alive today has ancestors who were born illegitimately. 

People’s attitude towards illegitimacy has varied in different parts of the world. In the Western world, especially in countries that were very religious, it was thought to be very bad for parents to have a child if they were not married. It was thought to be a sin. Illegitimate children were often called bastards. Historically, under English law, an illegitimate child was (a child of no one) and so could not get an Inheritance from his or her parents. In older times, such children were often brought up by other people, sometimes by relatives.

Today, most people’s attitude has changed, and the laws have changed so that people born to unmarried parents are not discriminated against unfairly. In the United States, people are no longer described as “illegitimate” but as “born out of wedlock” (“wedlock” means “marriage”). In the United Kingdom, the idea of illegitimacy ended by a 1991 law. Fathers now have a responsibility to their children, even those born out of wedlock. Many religions still maintain that sex outside marriage is a sin, but they no longer say that the child lives in a state of sin.

Ainu

Ainu might mean:


The Championships, Wimbledon

The Wimbledon Championships is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is played in Wimbledon, a suburb of London in England, Great Britain. The Championships are unique because they are the only Grand Slam played on a grass court. Wimbledon is the third tennis grand slam of the year and is widely seen as the biggest event on the sport's calendar.

Wimbledon was first competed in 1877. The women's single and the mens doubles events began seven years later in 1884. It has always been played during the summer. It is played over two weeks, from late June to the beginning of July. The tournament is played after the French Open and before the U.S. Open. In 1968, the championships were opened up to both professionals and amateurs for the first time, with Rod Laver and Billie Jean King winning their respective singles titles.

The winners in 2016 were Andy Murray and Serena Williams.

In every tennis competition, players are given a seed to help decide their place in the draw. At Wimbledon, they use a player's performances (whether bad or good) on grass to help decide the seed. At other tennis competitions, seeding are chosen based only on rankings. 

The umpires (referees) and linesmen all have to wear special dark green and mauve clothing. The players have to wear all white.

Female players used to have their names announced with "Miss" or "Mrs"; this was unlike any other Grand Slam tournament. However, this changed for the 2009 tournament. In this tournament, only the surnames were used. If The Queen is in the audience, it is normal for players to bow to her.


List of counties in Alabama

The U.S. state of Alabama has sixty-seven counties. The oldest is Washington County (created June 4, 1800) and the youngest is Houston County (created February 9, 1903).

Alabama was claimed by Spain, as Spanish Florida, and by England, as the Province of Carolina. The first permanent colony was made by the French on the banks of the Mobile River in 1702.

After the American Revolutionary War, West Florida south of the 31st parallel became a part of Spain while most of the rest was put in the Mississippi Territory. The territorial assembly established some of the earliest county divisions which have survived to the present. In 1817 the western part of the territory became the State of Mississippi and the remainder the Alabama Territory. The Alabama territorial legislature made some more counties.

Alabama became the 22nd state of the United States in 1819. The Alabama state legislature made more counties from former Indian lands as the Indian Removal Act took effect and settlers populated different areas of Alabama.

In 1820, Alabama had 29 counties. By 1830 there were 36, with Indians still occupying land in northeast and far western Alabama. By 1840, 49 counties had been created; 52 by 1850; 65 by 1870; and the present 67 counties by 1903.

According to 2020 U.S. Census data, the average population of Alabama's sixty-seven counties was 74,989, while Jefferson County had the most people (674,721), and Greene County (7,730) had the least. The average land area is . The largest county is Baldwin (), and the smallest is Etowah ().

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, which is used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties, is provided with each entry. (In this system, St. Clair County is alphabetized ahead of Shelby County.) The FIPS code links in the table point to U.S. Census "quick facts" pages for each county.




Legume

A legume is a type of dry fruit. It is usually produced by plants in the family Fabaceae. Legumes can be a variety of fruits: peas and beans are types of legumes.

Legumes grow from the carpel, the female reproductive part of a plant. The fruit of a legume is found inside a pod that can be split on both sides. However, there are some foods that grow inside pods that are not legumes.

Legumes contain many healthy nutrients, such as protein. They are a good source of protein for vegetarians and vegans, or people who do not eat meat and fish. They also contain fibre. This helps to have a healthy digestive system. However, they contain some nutrients which humans find difficult to digest. It is recommended that legumes are soaked (left in water) before cooking to help with nutrient absorption (taking in more nutrients). Some amino acids, such as methionine, are not found very much in some legumes. However, they are needed to help the body use protein.

India imports (buys from other countries) the most legumes. This may be because a lot of Indians follow the religion of Hinduism, which does not let people eat meat. Legumes are a cheap and plentiful source of food in a country where around 22% of the population are in poverty. The top four producers and exporters (selling to other countries) of legumes are:
The USA uses legumes for a variety of reasons. It is the highest producer. It uses soybeans to feed cattle and make vegetable oil. Peanuts are a popular snack food in the USA and these are also a type of legume.


Bifocals

Bifocals are eyeglasses with lenses that are split between two different strengths. Usually the lower half of each lens is made to help the wearer read, while the upper one is to help the wearer see at a distance.

Lightning rod

A lightning rod or lightning conductor is an iron rod that is used to make lightning strike it, rather than strike something else. It is part of a lightning protection system. Such a system is made of many such rods. These rods are usually placed at high points of buildings and structures. In addition, paths are made the electricity can take from the rooftop to the ground, it was made in the year 1749 later improved in 1752. 
Lightning can damage structures made of most materials (masonry, wood, concrete and even steel). The huge currents involved can heat materials, and especially water to high temperatures. This will cause fire, loss of strength and explosions from super-heated steam and air.

The church tower was usually the highest structure or building in medieval European towns and villages. It was also the building very often hit by lightning. Early on, Christian churches tried to prevent the damage of lightning by prayers. Priests prayed,
Peter Ahlwardts ("Reasonable and Theological Considerations about Thunder and Lightning", 1745) said people who sought to protect themselves from lightning should go anywhere except in or around a church. 

In Europe, the lightning rod was invented by a theologian and natural scientist, Václav Prokop Diviš, between 1750 and 1754. He is the inventor of the first grounded lightning rod, which he erected on 15 July 1754 in the garden of his home in Přímětice u Znojma. It consisted of 400 sharp metal spikes attached at the top of a 42 m tall supporting pylon. The structure was fastened by three metal chains, conductively attached to the iron grounding cones buried in the packed down soil. He described his 'weather machine' in the treatise 'Descriptio machinae meteorologicae'. The original idea was to continually sap the electricity out of the clouds and so actually "prevent" the lightning and the storms, only in case this failed, the machine should have also been able to directly attract the lighting and channel it to the ground. He proposed his machine to be used on church towers and ships. He was sending his observations regarding the machine operation to Jan Antonín Scrinci, the physics professor at the Charles University in Prague, who published them in 'Prager Postzeitungen', 'Brünner Intelligenz-Zettel' and in 'Stuttgartisches Journal'. The machine is also mentioned by Leonhard Euler in 'Lettres à une Princesse d' Allemagne'. In 1755 Diviš asked the Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria to let him build more machines on several places for the welfare of the people. The emperor let the mathematicians in Vienna judge the proposal, but they refused it. Abbé Marci, court mathematician and Diviš' friend commented: 'Blasphemant, quae ignorant' (condemning what they do not know). In 1756 the machine was damaged by wind and then rebuilt, and then on 10 March 1760, angry villagers of Přímětice tore down the structure, blaming Diviš for drought which struck the region that year. Later in the year, after the summer during which the thunderstorms did a lot of damage to the fields and vineyards, the people besought him to rebuild the machine, which he did in the precinct of Loucky monastery, and built another one on the top of the church tower in Přímětice.

In the United States, the pointed lightning rod conductor, often incorrectly referred to as the "lightning attractor," was invented by Benjamin Franklin as part of his groundbreaking explorations of electricity. Franklin thought that, with an iron rod sharpened to a point at the end,

""The electrical fire would, I think, be drawn out of a cloud silently, before it could come near enough to strike [...].""

Franklin speculated about lightning rods for several years before his reported kite experiment. This experiment, in fact, took place because he was tired of waiting for Christ Church in Philadelphia to be completed so he could place a lightning rod on top of it. There was some resistance from churches who felt that it was defying divine will to install these rods. Franklin countered that there is no religious objection to roofs on buildings to resist precipitation, so lightning, which he proved to be simply a giant electrical spark, should be no different. As an act of philanthropy, Franklin decided against patenting the invention.

In the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of American ingenuity and a decorative motif. Lightning rods were often embellished with ornamental glass balls (now prized by collectors). The ornamental appeal of these glass balls has also been incorporated into weather vanes. 

Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method thought to prevent lightning strikes to ships. It is worth noting here not because it worked, which it did not, but because it reveals a lot about pre-scientific thought. Glass objects do not conduct electricity well. They are seldom struck by lightning. Therefore, goes the theory, there must be something about glass that repels lightning. Hence the best method for preventing a lightning strike to a wooden ship was to bury a small solid glass ball in the tip of the highest mast. The random behavior of lightning ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin's initial work.

Nikola Tesla's was an improvement in lightning protectors. The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin's original theory of operation; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself. This makes the air conductive, which in turn raises the probability of a strike. Many years after receiving his patent, in 1919 Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter entitled "Famous Scientific Illusions", in which he explains the logic of Franklin's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus.

Ashland, Alabama

Ashland is an American city in the state of Alabama. It is the county seat of Clay County. The city has a population of about 2,000 people. Ashland is the hometown of Alabama's 52nd governor Bob Riley. Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black is from Ashland.

Ashland has an area of 7.2 miles. The city is Alabama's highest elevated county seat at 1130 feet.

Bob Riley

Robert Renfroe "Bob" Riley (born October 3, 1944) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican party. He was the 52nd Governor of Alabama from 2003 until 2011. He was first elected to office in 2002 and re-elected in 2006. Riley was born in Ashland.

He has a wife, four children (one is dead), and seven grandchildren.


Leon Czolgosz

Leon Czolgosz (May 5, 1873 – October 29, 1901) was an American assassin and an anarchist best known as the murderer of William McKinley. He was born in Alpena, Michigan to Polish Catholic immigrant parents. Czolgosz shot President William McKinley in Buffalo, New York on September 6, 1901. The President died from his injury on September 14, 1901, 8 days later. Czolgosz shot the president because he believed the President committed war crimes in the American Philippines war (1899–1913) and was an enemy of the people. He was influenced by Emma Goldman. Some people have questioned the sanity of Czolgosz.

Czolgosz was found guilty of murder in a very fast trial. He was executed by electric chair in Auburn prison, New York on October 29, 1901. 

Federal district

The federal district is the area around the national capital in some federal countries that are organized as 
capital districts and territories.

A federal district is made so that no state in the country can claim to be more important than the others because the national capital is inside the state, or to stop one state trying to have control over the national capital.

Countries with a federal district include:


Belgium is a federal country, but its capital (Brussels) is not a federal district, but is its own language region. To show that the French language and the Flemish language are equal, Brussels is a special bilingual (two-languages) region. Similarly, Vienna is the capital of Austria and is also one of the states of Austria.

Baldwin County, Alabama

Baldwin County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama.

It is named in honor of Abraham Baldwin, a member of the United States Senate from Georgia who never actually lived in Alabama. In 2020, 231,767 people lived there. The county seat (capital city) is Bay Minette.

Baldwin County was made on December 21, 1809, ten years before Alabama became a state. Before this, the county had been a part of the Mississippi Territory until 1817 when the area passed into the Alabama territory

The borders of the county has often changed, and many armies have invaded.

In the first days of Baldwin County, the town of McIntosh Bluff (now in Mobile County) on the Tombigbee River was the county seat. Then the county seat moved to the town of Blakeley in 1810, and then to the City of Daphne in 1868. In 1900, by an Act of the Legislature of Alabama said that the county seat should move to the City of Bay Minette. The City of Daphne was not happy about this move, because being the county seat meant more people visit the city and businesses can sell more. To move the county seat to Bay Minette, some men from Bay Minette pretended that there had been a murder. When the sheriff and his deputy left the City of Daphne to look for the murderer the men from Bay Minette went to the City of Daphne. These men got the records from the Baldwin County Courthouse and took them back to the City of Bay Minette. A New Deal mural in the Bay Minette post office is a painting of this story.

Baldwin County is close to the Gulf of Mexico. This is why it often has tropical weather systems which often are Hurricanes. Weather damage can sometimes be very bad, and sometimes the county is made a "disaster area". For example, in September 1979 due to damage from Hurricane Frederic, in July 1997 due to Hurricane Danny, in September 1998 from Hurricane Georges in September 2004 due to damage from Hurricane Ivan and again in August 2005 due to damage from Hurricane Katrina.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . of it is land and is water. Baldwin County is the 12th largest county east of the Mississippi River.


Two parts of Baldwin County have been called "Outstanding Alabama Water" by the Alabama Environmental Management Commission which oversees the Alabama Department of Environmental Management. As of April, 2007, only two other areas in Alabama have received what is the "highest environmental status" in the state. The areas are

Officials think that having very clean areas of water and sea will encourage tourists to vistit the county.

At the census in 2020, there were 231,767 people, 93,116 households, and 64,222 families living in the county. The population density was 145.8 people per square mile (56.3/km²).

The people in the county are 81.7% White, 7.9% Black or African American, 3.9% other, and 6.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino were 5.5% of the people.

There were 93,116 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 25.8% had a female householder with no partner present, 16.0% had a male householder with no partner present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49.




All public schools in Baldwin County are operated by Baldwin County Public Schools.


Wayne Rooney

Wayne Mark Rooney (born 24 October 1985 in Liverpool) is an retired English footballer. He is currently the manager of Birmingham City.

Rooney was born in Croxteth, Liverpool, to Jeanette Marie Rooney and Thomas Wayne Rooney. He is of Irish descent, and was brought up as a Roman Catholic with his 2 younger brothers Graham and John. All three attended Our Lady and St Swithin's primary school, and De La Salle School.

Wayne Rooney grew up in Liverpool, where there are two big football clubs; Liverpool and Everton. As a child, he supported Everton and began playing football for them at the age of just 15, when he became the youngest Premiership scorer, scoring a game-winning goal against Arsenal. Rooney was the youngest goalscorer at Euro 2004, an international tournament where he played for England. Soon, other clubs were very eager to buy him because of his great performances. Newcastle United and Manchester United both made offers to Everton for him. It was Manchester United who signed him eventually, for £23m in the summer of 2004. Rooney was only 18 at the time, and the £23m paid for him was the highest amount ever paid for a teenager in the world.

Rooney is the top goal scorer for Manchester United. When he arrived to the team, they gave him the number 8 shirt, but then changed his shirt to number 10. On 12 February 2011, Rooney scored a stunning bicycle kick in the 78th minute of the Manchester derby, which ended up to be the winning goal in their 2–1 win over Manchester City. After the game, he said it was the best goal he had ever scored in his career. Rooney was made captain of the team by manager Louis van Gaal before the 2014–15 Premier League season began.

Rooney's wife is Coleen.

Rooney has appeared in advertisements for FIFA video games and Coca-Cola. He also has a sponsorship deal with Nike.

Rooney supports Manchester United, Everton and Celtic.

Manchester United
England U17 

Individual


Records


Mobile County, Alabama

Mobile County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is named after a tribe of Native Americans, the "Maubila" tribe. As of 2020, 414,809 people lived there. Its county seat is Mobile. The entire county is included in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area.


The county-wide government is a 3 member district county commission which represents both the unincorporated residents and the residents of other municipalities. 

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (25.2%) is water.


The census of 2020 said that there were 414,809 people, 155,946 households, and 97,398 families families living in the county. The population density was 250 people per square mile (97/km²). 

The racial makeup of the county was 55.3% White and 35.3% Black or African American.

Cities (2020 population)

Towns (2020 population)

Census-designated places (2020 population)

Other communities

Most of the public schools in Mobile County are operated by the Mobile County Public School System.


Mike Cross

Mike Cross (born in 1946) is an American singer and guitar player. 

Cross was born in Maryville, Tennessee, he started playing guitar when he was at college at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 

Cross plays acoustic blues and novelty songs. He also plays funny songs like "The Scotsman" and "The Drunkard". He describes himself as a "wandering hillbilly hippie folk singer."



Arthur Crudup

Arthur "Big Boy" Crudup (August 24, 1905 – March 28, 1974) was a delta blues singer and guitarist. He wrote songs that Elvis Presley later sang.

Crudup was born in Forest, Mississippi, and worked as a migrant worker until he and his family went back to Mississippi in 1926.

Crudup sang gospel music and blues music. He played in a band called the Harmonizing Four in 1939. A record producer called Lester Melrose got him work with the Bluebird label.

Crudup stopped recording in the 1950s. His last Chicago recording was in 1951. He also recorded in 1952–54 for a radio station called WGST in Atlanta. In the 1960s he started recording again with Fire Records and Delmark Records.

In the mid 60s, Crudup went back to working as a farmer in Virginia, where he lived with his family: his three sons and several of his own siblings.

He died because of heart disease and diabetes. He died in the Nassawadox hospital in Northampton County, Virginia, also on the Eastern Shore in 1974.


David Honeyboy Edwards

David "Honeyboy" Edwards (June 28, 1915 – August 29, 2011) was an American blues guitarist and singer. Honeyboy was the last original Delta Blues guitarists still performing.

Edwards was born in Shaw, Mississippi, United States. He was friends with Robert Johnson, and was with him when he died. 

Culture expert Alan Lomax recorded Edwards in 1942 for the first time. In his later years, Honeyboy still played concerts around the world, sometimes up to 100 concerts a year. He died on August 29, 2011 in Chicago, Illinois from congestive heart failure, at the age of 96 years. 

Edwards has also written a book, "The World Don't Owe Me Nothin'," which was published in 1997 by Chicago Review Press. The book is about his life from childhood to when he arrived in Chicago. It describes his journeys through the South in the early 1950s.


His albums "White Windows", "The World Don't Owe Me Nothing", "Mississippi Delta Blues Man", and Henry Townsend were all nominated for the W. C. Handy Award.


Houston County, Alabama

Houston County is a county in the state of Alabama, United States

It is the newest county in Alabama, as it was only created on 9 February 1903. It is named after the former state Governor George Smith Houston.

The county seat is Dothan.

Houston County is mostly agricultural. Peanuts, cotton and corn are the main things that are grown. Small grains, melons and vegetables are also grown a lot. Beef cattle, hogs and dairy cattle are the main animals farmed in the County.

Pompeii

Pompeii was an ancient city that was buried by Mount Vesuvius. It is currently a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The preserved site features excavated ruins of streets.

On 24 October 79 AD, a volcano called Mount Vesuvius erupted and destroyed the city and its people, killing 2,000 of them. 

Archaeologists have found graffiti written by the people who lived in the town. People often wrote on walls, and archaeologists have been able to read some of what they wrote. 

The town was started around the year 600 BC. It was started by a group from central Italy, the Osci. They chose to start it in this location because it was already an essential location for trade by both land and sea. By the 5th century BC, Pompeii had become part of Rome. While under Roman control, Pompeii improved a lot. The Romans built Aqueducts, and these were used to provide the citizens with water.

Before the eruption, Pompeii was a beautiful and wealthy city. At the time of the eruption, the town may have had about 11,000 people living there. It was in an area where Romans had holiday villas. Modern professor William Abbott said, "At the time of the eruption, Pompeii had reached its high point in society as many Romans frequently visited Pompeii on vacations."

Pliny The Younger was a witness to the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. He sent letters to a friend describing the eruption. For he was much too scared to go any closer, he stayed where he was. He was far from the sight, but close enough to see the eruption.

Recent research has questioned the day of the eruption, with some scholars arguing for an autumn date.


Henry Sloan

Henry Sloan (January 1870 – 13 March 1948?) was an African American musician. He played the Delta Blues and is known for teaching Charlie Patton to play the blues, and moved to Chicago after World War I.

David Evans says that Sloan was born in Mississippi in 1870. He moved to a Plantation near Indianola at between 1901 and 1904.

There is a rumour that Sloan was a hobo which was seen by musician W.C. Handy playing guitar at Tutwiler train station in 1903. Handy describes him as 

Blacks and Whites' Carnival

Blacks and Whites' Carnival ("Spanish: Carnaval de Negros y Blancos") is a carnival in the Colombian city of Pasto, and was proclaimed by UNESCO as one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity. The carnival happens each year, from January 2 to January 7. Many tourists visit it.

It has two stages: pre-carnival with "Fool's Day" and "New Year's Eve Puppets" (parade and burning); and the carnival itself with four celebration days: "Colonies Day", "Carnavalito" (Children's Carnival), the "Arrival of the Castañeda Family", "Blacks' Day" and "Whites' Day" with the "Grand Parade" (this being the most important day for its beauty).

Colonies Day was added as an official day into the traditional Carnival programing, with several new acts: Tribute to the Virgin of Mercy, Colonies Parade, and Rock Day. 

Carnavalito (Children's Carnival) began in 1966, as a copy of the adults' carnival, originally with little floats, accompanied by child musicians and dancing girls.

The Arrival of the Castañeda Family began in 1929 as a salute to the settlers in the east of the country.

Blacks' Day originally commemorated the day in which the African slaves had a free day, after the 1607 slave rebellion in the Colombian town of "Remedios". It is said that when news reached Popayan, the African population there went to the streets and danced, and blackened all the white walls of that city with coal. In Pasto the celebration has probably taken place since 1857, when white people began to paint their faces black.

Whites' Day (and the modern carnival) began in 1912 as a new way to celebrate the Epiphany. The people began to paint their faces white with cosmetics and powder. In 1926 the Great Parade began, full of colorful and giant floats, and people began playing with streamers and confetti.

Carnival Remate (Finish) happens by celebrating "Cuy's day", when locals and tourists delight in the typical dish of the region.

Today the carnival is very important for tourism. People use costumes and masks, and still play with black cosmetics and white powder.



Le Corbusier

Charles-Edouard Jeanneret-Gris (birth name), (6 October 1887 – 27 August 1965), known by the popular name of Le Corbusier, was an architect and writer born in Switzerland. In the 1930s, he became a French citizen. He is famous for his theories about modernism in architecture. His plans included the improvement of housing for people in large cities. This was because many people lived in poverty at that time. Many of his designs have been built across the world.

He also liked to paint and was skilled at designing furniture.

Le Corbusier grew up in La Chaux-de-Fonds, a small town in the north of Switzerland. In 1907, aged 19, he moved to the French city of Paris. He travelled across Europe, and learned a lot of new ideas. He learned to speak German and worked with famous architects, such as Peter Behrens.

During World War I, Le Corbusier went back to Switzerland and became a teacher. Soon, he opened his own architectural business with his cousin, and they worked together until 1940. It was in 1918 that he met a painter, Amédée Ozenfant, who would become a great friend. They combined their ideas to create a new type of art called Purism.

After the war, Le Corbusier concentrated on his art until 1922. After this, he began designing apartments that could be stacked on top of each other, to house people and meet their needs. This type of low-density housing was to deal with the problem of over-crowding in Paris. He said this transformation was needed, or a revolution could occur from the unhappy lower classes. He created a design for an ideal city (Ville Contemporaine) that was never built. It was a plan developed around a lot of skycrapers. He presented this plan to the French government, who refused it. This did raise their awareness of overcrowding in the city though.

Le Corbusier began to dislike capitalism, and said that people's house size should depend on the size of their family, and not by how rich they were.

Le Corbusier was not active in politics from 1942. Instead, he built smaller housing blocks around France.

The name, Le Corbusier, is French. It is a different version of his grandmother's surname, Lecorbésier. The name translates in to English as "the crowlike one". He chose this name in 1920.


He considered speed in architecture by saying that house is a machine to live in. This machine's purpose is to speed up the activities of the people who live in it.
He introduced an idea of building a residence with just some slabs, columns, and, stairs. These three things can produce any kind of residence, for any class of people.

Anna Karenina

Anna Karenina (), also Anglicised as Anna Karenin, is a novel by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy.

Tolstoy considered this book his first true novel. 

Anna Arkadyevna Karenina is romantic and has a very strong character. For example, she likes to write children's books and admires art. She is described as being very beautiful, and there is a lot of energy in her. She loves her son very, very, much, and this is one of the biggest reasons why she is afraid of running away with Vronsky. Although she does not love her husband, Karenin, she feels sorry and guilty. However, she says that "I hate him for his virtues!" She is emotionally honest and really does not like to pretend. She thinks that Karenin loves to pretend, and this is one of the greatest reasons why she does not like him. She thinks that love is more important than anything, even duty.

Count Alexei Kirillovich Vronsky is a handsome, rich, passionate soldier. He is romantic and charming, but he, too, is just a man. Anna is disappointed after she runs away with him and commits adultery because he is not perfect. His head begins to become bald, he loses at horse games, and he does not care about Kitty's feelings. He becomes a bored, embittered man. Tolstoy does not often write about his thoughts and feelings as he does about the other characters.















Anna Karenina (disambiguation)

"For movie, TV, radio, or theatrical adaptations of the novel see:" 

"For the cruiseferry, see M/S "Anna Karenina""

Prada

Prada is an Italian fashion company (also known as a "fashion label" or "fashion house"). It has shops and products around the world.

The company, originally named Prada Brothers, was started in 1913 by Mario Prada in Milan, Italy. Mario Prada did not believe that women should have a role in business and prevented any female family members from joining his company.

However when he died in 1958, his son had no interest in running the company so his daughter, Luisa Prada, took over and ran the company until 1978. 

Miuccia Prada, Luisa’s daughter, took over then and has been running the company since. Miuccia made the company bigger by giving it a more bohemian style.

Miu Miu is a second clothing, which is often simpler, and fits with the 'high' image of vintage items. Miu Miu is the nickname of Miuccia Prada when she was a child. After, Prada Sport 'Linea Rossa' was made.

Today, Prada is seen as one of the most important clothing designers in fashion.

After many other fashion companies started to buy or join with many other fashion companies, Prada tried to do the same thing. It went into debt so that it could buy Fendi in the early 1990s. Fendi was not making much money, and needed help. Prada could not help Fendi, so it sold it to LVMH. Prada is still in debt after buying Fendi. In 1999, the company bought "Church's", an English company that makes quality shoes. More recently 45% of "Church's" has been sold to Equinox.

Other big buys by Prada in the 1990s were Helmut Lang and Jil Sander. However, by 2006, Prada had sold both. Jil Sander was sold to 'Change Capital Partners', which is run by Luc Vandevelde (the chairman of Carrefour). Helmut Lang is now owned by Japanese fashion company 'Link Theory'.

In May 2007, Prada and mobile phone maker LG Electronics worked together to make the LG Prada (KE850) phone. The phones were sold for $800 each.

The Prada Foundation () is a foundation dedicated to contemporary art and culture. It was founded in 1993. It is run by Miuccia Prada and Patrizio Bertelli. The foundation promotes art exhibitions and movie festivals.

The main site of the foundation is in Milan on Largo Isarco. The foundation also has a special gallery for photographs in the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II in Milan and a site in Venice at the Palazzo Corner della Regina,

Prada has paid for several famous architects, the most famous are Rem Koolhaas and Herzog & de Meuron, to make their shops around the world.
In 2005, near the West Texas towns, Valentine and Marfa, two Scandinavian artists, Emily Milne and Zoe Brown, opened 'Prada Marfa', a sculpture of a Prada mini-boutique. The sculpture is on U.S. Highway 90 and is a long way from any other buildings. Prada helped pay for the building, which is 15 by 25-foot. The building does not actually sell clothes, but there are clothes in the window, as this is just for art.

Prada has 9 small shops and 2 big stores in the USA

Small shops in the USA:

Big shops in the world:



Similar brands:

Cross section (geometry)

A cross section is what one gets if one cuts an object into slices.

In geometry the correct definition of "cross section" is: the intersection of a body in 2-dimensional space with a line, or of a body in 3-dimensional space with a plane. 

A cross section, or section is also an orthographic projection of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a plane through the object. A floor plan is a section viewed from the top. 


Space (physics)

Space, in everyday language, is something that we all know. It is measured in the three dimensions of distance: length, width, and height.

In modern physics, space is a "boundless four-dimensional continuum" known as spacetime. Disagreement exists about whether it is an entity (something that actually exists). It may be just a relationship between entities, or part of a conceptual framework.
The standard space interval, called a metre (or meter), is defined as the distance traveled by light in a vacuum during a time interval of about 1/300,000,000 of a second.

Before Einstein's work on relativistic physics, time and space were viewed as independent dimensions. Einstein's discoveries have shown that due to relativity of motion space and time can be mathematically combined into space-time.

Horace

Quintus Horatius Flaccus (December 8, 65 BC - November 27, 8 BC), known to English speakers as Horace, was a famous poet in the Roman Empire.

Horace was born in the small Italian town of Venusia. His father used to be a slave, but was known as a freedman because his master had freed him. They moved to Rome a short time later. Horace's father had a job taking items from the seller to the buyer. He received money from these sales. His father became richer and was able to send Horace to the best schools in Rome. He was also able to send him to Athens (Greece) to study the Greek language and philosophy. Horace's native language was Latin. Horace was incredibly proud of his father, and said he felt no shame in being the son of a freedman.

In his early adult life, Julius Caesar, the Roman dictator, was killed. War was declared against the people who killed him. Horace joined the army. When the war was over, Horace returned to Italy to find that other people were living in his apartment. His father was also gone. Horace became very poor. Eventually, he found a job in the treasury. This involved sorting the country's money.

His friends, Lucius Varius Rufus and Virgil, who were also writers, introduced him to Maecenas. Maecenas was a close friend of Augustus, the emperor of Rome. Horace lived in Tivoli, an area of Rome. When he died, he gave the land he owned to Augustus, to increase the land the state owned. Today, other writers visit the land to remember him.

Horace wrote many famous quotes in his poems. These lines are still spoken today, by speakers of every language, in the original Latin.

Some of Horace's poems are difficult to translate because of their syntax, grammar and structure, which is sometimes very different to modern languages.

Horace is viewed by many people, including experts, to be one of the best Latin poets.


Space

Space in simple understanding is an area or volume.

Space or spacing may also refer to:

In science:


In music:


In media:

People:

Television:

In other fields:

Physical object

In physics, a physical object (or body) is a collection of masses, which you look at as one object only. It applies to both living and non-living things.

A human's and animal's physical body is made up of organs and tissues. It is a part of a total living being, and might include its behaviour and way of thinking.

The point of the term is to include those systems which are separate in one sense. but connected in another sense. A galaxy has many different parts, but can be treated as a whole for some purposes. Likewise, a group of galaxies can be treated as one gravitationally. The Solar System is another example.

In general language it is usual for "object" to mean a physical boundary {border}, but a "system" to mean a group of connected objects. 

Body (disambiguation)

Body may mean:


Ebisu

Ebisu (恵比須, 恵比寿, 夷, 戎), also known as Yebisu or Hiruko (蛭子) or Kotoshiro-nushi-no-kami (事代主神), is the Japanese god of fishermen, good luck and working men, and also the guardian of the health of children. He is one of the Seven Lucky Gods.

Ebisu was first named "Hiruko", meaning "leech child". He was the first child of Izanagi and Izanami, born without bones (or, in some stories, without arms and legs) because of his mother's mistake in her marriage. Hiruko tried hard to survive but he was thrown to the sea in a boat made out of reeds. He was eventually washed ashore and was cared for by the Ainu people "Ebisu Saburo" (戎三郎).

The weak child overcame many problems, grew legs, and became the god Ebisu. He remains slightly crippled and deaf, but is still joyful (which is why he has the title, "The Laughing God"). He is often shown wearing a tall hat — the "Kazaori Eboshi" (風折烏帽子) — holding a fishing rod and a large sea bass.

The brand name Evisu is named after Ebisu.

Dominican peso

The Dominican peso is the money of the Dominican Republic. Its official name is "Peso oro" and its symbol is "$" with RD in front of it ("RD$") to differentiate it from other "pesos" or "dollars". The ISO 4217 for the Dominican peso is DOP. Each peso is divided into 100 "centavos" (English, "cents").

The first Dominican peso was introduced in 1844. It replaced the Haitian money. In 1905, the peso was replaced by United States currency. The peso oro was introduced in 1937, although the US dollar continued to be used alongside the peso oro until 1947.

Coins were introduced in 1937 in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25 and 50 centavos. Since 1991, coins of denominations 1, 5, 10 and 25 pesos have been introduced. However, due to inflation, coins below 1 peso are now rarely found. Banknotes in use are 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000 and 2000 pesos.


Proprioception

Proprioception is the sense that people have of knowing where the parts of their body are. It is also called kinesthetic sense.

Proprioception is used when a person touches the tip of their nose while keeping their eyes closed. Even though they cannot see their finger or their nose, they can sense how to touch them together.

Permutation

A permutation is a single way of arranging a group of objects. It is useful in mathematics. 

A permutation can be changed into another permutation by simply switching two or more of the objects. For example, the way four people can sit in a car is a permutation. If some of them chose different seats, then it would be a different permutation.

The factorial has special application in defining the number of permutations in a set which does not include repetitions. The number n!, read "n factorial", is precisely the number of ways we can rearrange n things into a new order. For example, if we have three fruit: an orange, apple and pear, we can eat them in the order mentioned, or we can change them (for example, an apple, a pear then an orange). The exact number of permutations is then formula_1. The number gets extremely large as the number of items (n) goes up.

In a similar manner, the number of arrangements of r items from n objects is considered a partial permutation. It is written as formula_2 (which reads "n permute r"), and is equal to the number formula_3 (also written as formula_4).


1 E6 m²

To help in showing the sizes of different geographic regions, areas between 1 km² (100 hectares) and 10 km² (1000 hectares) are listed below.

Lipid

A lipid is a type of organic molecule found in living things. It is oily or waxy. Fats are made from lipid molecules. Sources of lipid can be found in algae, seeds, meat, cheese, butter and fish. Lipids are long chains of carbon and hydrogen molecules. Lipids are classified as simple and complex. Examples of complex molecules could be steroids or phospholipids. 

A very important biological function of lipids is as lipid bilayers, the basis of many cell membranes. Another function of lipids is to serve as an energy reserve. Lipids can be hydrophobic (non-polar), or amphipatic (containing both polar and non-polar parts).

Lipids are a group of naturally occurring molecules that include fats, waxes, sterols, fat-soluble vitamins (such as vitamins A, D, E, and K), glycerides, phospholipids, and others. The main biological functions of lipids include storing energy, signalling, and acting as components of cell membranes.

Group theory

In mathematics and abstract algebra, group theory studies a type of algebraic structure called a group. Group theory is often used in mathematics as a starting point for the study of many algebraic structures, such as a set of numbers along with its addition and multiplication. Because group theory is also useful for studying symmetry in nature and abstract systems, it has many applications in physics and chemistry.

A group is a set (collection) "G" whose members are called "elements". The elements can be numbers of some kind, or other abstract objects. The elements can even be material objects. There is also a binary operation which combines any two elements of "G" and results in another element of "G". This new element may be different from either of the original two, but it does not have to be: it only has to be an element of "G". To be a group, the following four conditions must be true of "G" and the operation defined over "G":


An important property about groups is whether the order of the elements matters when two elements are combined using the operation. Switching the order of two combined elements typically gives a different result. This means that we have many cases with "a" • "b" ≠ "b" • "a". However, if the order of a and b actually does not matter (for "any" a and b, we "always" have "a" • "b" = "b" • "a"), then the group is called an abelian group (or commutative group).

If a group contains finitely many elements, then it is called a finite group. If a subset of a group is also a group, then the subset is called a subgroup.

A simple example of a group is the set of integers (called Z) with the addition operator +. This group is called "G" = (Z, +). Each of the required conditions is true of "G", so "G" is a group. If we replace • with the + sign, then we can easily check that these conditions are true:

The addition operator is also commutative: the order of "a" and "b" does not matter. For any two integers "a" and "b" in G, "a" + "b" = "b" + "a". For example, 7+3 is the same as 3+7. Thus, "G" is also an abelian group.

Commutative operators are common in our daily lives. For example, 7 · 3 is also the same as 3 · 7. However, not all operations are commutative. For example, 7÷3 is different from 3÷7 (and neither of these results is an integer), and 7 is different from 3. Therefore, not all combinations of number sets and mathematical operations can form an abelian group—or even a group at all.


St. Vartan Armenian Cathedral

St. Vartan Cathedral is the first cathedral of the Armenian Apostolic Church to be constructed in North America. It is located in New York City on the corner of Second Avenue and 34th Street. It was built to resemble the St. Hripsime Church in Etchmiadzin.

Margherita of Savoy

Margherita of Savoy or "Margaret of Savoy" (born November 20, 1851 in Turin, died January 4, 1926 in Bordighera), was an Italian queen of the Kingdom of Italy during the reign (1878-1900) of her husband, Humbert I.

She was a daughter of Ferdinand, Duke of Genoa and Elizabeth of Saxony. Her paternal grandparents were Charles Albert of Sardinia and Maria Theresa of Austria. Her maternal grandparents were John of Saxony and Princess Amalie Auguste of Bavaria.

She married her first cousin Humbert (Prince "Umberto" of Savoy) on April 21, 1868. In November 1869, Margherita gave birth to Victor Emmanuel.

On January 9, 1878, Humbert succeeded as the new King of Italy. She became his Queen consort and remained by his side for the rest of his reign. Humbert was assassinated by anarchist Gaetano Bresci on July 29, 1900.

Margherita supported artists and writers,and the Red Cross, and founded cultural institutions, like the Società del Quartetto, and the Casa di Dante.

In 1889 the pizza "Margherita" was named after her. It is the colors of the Italian flag. Red sauce, green basil and white cheese. After the pizza, a Peak was named like the queen, and then in 2007, the third highest mountain in Africa.

Politically she supported the Fascism.



Consonance and dissonance

In music, consonance and dissonance are words which are used to describe certain musical intervals or chords. The adjectives are consonant and dissonant.

A consonant interval or chord is one which sounds stable and pleasant. It could, for example, be the end of a piece of music. For example: C and E sound well together, or the chord C, E and G (a C major chord).

A dissonant interval or chord is one which sounds unstable. It may even sound harsh by itself. The notes seem to clash. It cannot be the end of the piece of music (if the music is a normal, traditional tonal piece). It sounds as if it wants to move on to a consonant interval (this is called "resolving" onto a consonant chord). The notes C and Fsharp together make a dissonant interval. The chord C - Dsharp - Fsharp is a dissonant interval: it is full of tension, and it sounds as if it wants to "resolve" onto C - E - G.

Scientifically a consonant interval is one in which the two notes vibrate at frequencies which have a simple mathematical relationship, e.g. in two notes which are an octave apart the higher note vibrates exactly twice as fast. If they are a fifth apart the top note vibrates 1 1/2 times as fast as the lower note. The more complicated mathematically the interval, the more dissonant it will sound.

Carpe diem

Carpe diem is a famous phrase from one of the poems of Horace. It means "seize the day" in Latin. 

Especially during the Baroque era, the phrase was important. In the 17th century there was the Thirty Years' war, which lasted roughly from 1618 to 1648. For the people of the time, death was present almost everywhere. To compensate for that there were the concepts of "Carpe diem" (There is little time left, use it as best you can), "Vanitas" (Vanity; things are not what they seem), and Memento mori (Remember you will die). 

The poem is originally from "Odes" 1.11. It is given in Latin and English below.

A better translation of the phrase would probably be "pluck the day" (as a fruit might be plucked from a tree).

Gustav Heinemann

Gustav Walter Heinemann (born 23 July 1899 in Schwelm; died 7 July 1976 in Essen) was a German politician. He was Interior Minister under Chancellor Konrad Adenauer. He resigned when Adenauer started getting ready to set up the German Army. He later resigned from the CDU and joined the SPD. He also served as Justice Minister before he was elected Federal President in 1969. He served for one term, and left office in 1974.

Schwelm

Schwelm is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Schwelm is in the southeast of the ""Ruhrgebiet"", the Ruhr Area of Germany, between Westphalia and the ""Bergisches Land"". Schwelm is commonly known as the ""Pforte Westfalens"" ("Gate to Westphalia").

The history of Schwelm goes back to the ninth century, where it is first mentioned as "Suelmiu". The city of Schwelm was officially established in 1496 and became seat of the Ennepe-Ruhr district in 1929. According to its area, Schwelm is the smallest town in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Schwelm is home to the ""Brauerei Schwelm"", the Schwelm Brewery, one of the few remaining private breweries in Germany. It was started in 1830 by Haarmann & Kathagen, the brewery was one of the first worldwide to switch from wooden to metal barrels. The original office building of the brewery, the "Rietz'sche Haus" built in 1701, is still in use today.

The oldest piano manufacturer in the world is in Schwelm. Since 1794, ""Rud. Ibach Sohn"" has been building pianos and, until 1904, organs in Schwelm.



Bundesarbeitsgericht

The Bundesarbeitsgericht or "Federal Labour Court" is the German federal supreme court of appeals for cases of labour law. This includes "individual" labour law (mostly about contracts of employment) and "collective" (more than one) labour law (e.g. cases about strikes and collective bargaining). The court hears cases from the "Landesarbeitsgerichte" (Superior State Labour Courts), which, in turn, are the courts of appeals against decisions of the "Arbeitsgerichte" (ordinary State Labour Courts).

The "Bundesarbeitsgericht" is in the city of Erfurt.


Bundessozialgericht

The Bundessozialgericht (German for "Federal Social Court") is the German federal supreme court of appeals for social security cases. The court was created on 11 September 1954 to hear cases about public health insurance, long-term care insurance, pension insurance and occupational accident insurance plans. These cases usually start in the "Sozialgerichte" ("Social Courts"), then the "Landessozialgerichte" ("Superior State Social Courts"), before the cases wind up at the "Bundessozialgericht".

The "Bundessozialgericht" is located in the city of Kassel.


Federal Administrative Court (Germany)

The Bundesverwaltungsgericht or Federal Administrative Court is one of the five federal supreme courts of Germany. It is the federal court of appeals for generally all cases of administrative law. These cases are mainly arguments between people and the government, but sometimes are disputes between two different parts of government.

The Federal Administrative Court was set up on 8 June 1953. It was based in Berlin, but in 2002 moved to the city of Leipzig in Saxony.

It hears appeals from the "Oberverwaltungsgerichte", or Superior Administrative Courts, which, in turn, are the courts of appeals for decisions of the "Verwaltungsgerichte" (Administrative Courts).

Although cases about social security law and tax law are arguments between a person and the government, there are special courts for these matters. The Bundessozialgericht is federal court of appeals for social security law, cases about tax and customs law are decided by the "Finanzgerichte" (Finance Courts), and lastly by the Bundesfinanzhof.

The "Bundesverwaltungsgericht" has its headquarters at the former "Reichsgericht" (Reich Court of Justice) building in Leipzig.


Santa María de Iquique School Massacre

The Santa María de Iquique school Massacre was on December 21, 1907. At that time Chile's government was led by Pedro Montt. Hundreds of workers died in the front of the school "Santa María de Iquique". 

The workers had been walking from saltpetre mines of Tarapacá, striking to get better life conditions. 

The strikers first went to San Lorenzo, and then to Iquique. They arrived in Iquique on December 16. They stayed peacefully in the school. Military forces arrived, and without provocation General Silva Renard give the order to shoot the people there in front of school. Hundreds of people were killed.

Grid

Grid may mean:

Meaning an array of squares or rectangles:


In science, mathematics and technology:


Places:


In popular culture:


Other:


GRID may stand for:


Skype

Skype ( ) is a software program that uses the Internet to make telephone calls (using a technology called Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP). It was created in 2003 by the Swedish and Danish Niklas Zennström and Janus Friis. A company currently owns it in Luxembourg called Skype Technologies S.A.R.L, which since 2011 has been part of Microsoft. (From 2005 to 2011, Skype was owned by eBay.)

The Skype program works on computers with Microsoft Windows, macOS and Linux. It is available as a mobile app for different platforms, including iOS and Android. Using VoIP to make calls is very cheap to call another phone. It does not cost money to call another Skype user. Every Skype user has a unique name to which other users can find and talk. Skype also has additional features such as video calls and multiple members in a conversation. In the chat, you can also find a selection of various emojis available.


Skype has an encryption system for security. This system cannot be turned on or off. Skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users. People can use the system safely without revealing their real-life identity to other users of the system, but there is no way to know that the person they communicate with is the one they say they are.

Skype has many points of critisism, such as:




Wookieepedia

Wookieepedia (the "Star Wars" Wiki) is an online encyclopedia for information on the "Star Wars" fictional universe—including information of all eleven films, as well as Expanded Universe. It is a more specialized and useful wiki for those who wish to go farther than the basics in the "Star Wars" universe, and is almost entirely in-universe. The name Wookieepedia is a mix of Wookiee and encyclopedia, based on the name of Wikipedia. Wookieepedia is hosted by Fandom.


Chianti

Chianti is a kind of red wine. It is produced in Tuscany in the famous area of "Chianti" inside the provinces of Arezzo, Florence, Pisa, Pistoia, Prato and Sienna.

There are many types of Chianti:

Maxïmo Park

Maxïmo Park (sometimes spelled Maximo Park) are an English indie rock band who formed in 2001.

Maxïmo Park formed in 2001 (with frontman Paul Smith coming from Billingham in Teesside). To Start off with, the four founding members played only a little amount small shows, with Archis Tiku on vocals, constantly switching the instruments he played. Almost about to split up, but instead they decided to look for somebody else to sing vocals. Singer Paul Smith was discovered by the then-girlfriend of drummer Tom English in a pub while he was singing along to a Stevie Wonder song. Having found someone with a stage presence, they started to write their first songs together, all despite the fact that the frontman never imagined himself as a frontman of a band. Paul Smith had never sung on stage before.

Around March 2004, a friend of the band's paid for 300 copies of a 7" red vinyl single "Graffiti" and later released a vinyl of their tracks ("The Coast Is Always Changing"/"The Night I Lost My Head") that they’d recorded in their house in Fenham. After some time of doing shows around their home town, Steve Beckett of the dance-electronic label Warp Records found one of these records and decided to sign Maxïmo Park to his record label.







Math rock

Math rock is a guitar-based style of indie rock which has complex rhythms. This genre started in the late 1980s. A closely-related genre is post-rock. Some of the same bands might be called both. Post-rock is usually characterized by a stronger jazz influence.

Middle Kingdom of Egypt

The Middle Kingdom is the period in the history of ancient Egypt stretching from the establishment of the Eleventh Dynasty to the end of the Fourteenth Dynasty, roughly between 2030 BC and 1640 BC.

The period had two phases, the 11th Dynasty, which ruled from Thebes and the 12th and the following dynasties which revolved around el-Lisht. These two dynasties were originally considered to be the full extent of this unified kingdom, but historians now consider the 13th Dynasty to at least partially belong to the Middle Kingdom.


Thebes, Egypt

Thebes (, "Thēbai") was a city in Ancient Egypt about 800 km south of the Mediterranean Sea, on the east bank of the river Nile (). It was the capital of "Waset," the fourth Upper Egyptian nome.



Politics of Germany

Politics of Germany are based on a federal parliamentary democratic republic. The government is elected by the people in elections where everyone has an equal vote. The constitution is called the "Grundgesetz". As well as setting out the rights of the people, it describes the jobs of the President, the Cabinet, the Bundestag, Bundesrat and the Courts.

The President is the head of state. The Federal Chancellor is the head of government, and of the majority group in the legislature (law making body) which is called the Bundestag. Executive power is exercised by the government. The power to make federal law is given to the government and the two parts of parliament, the Bundestag and Bundesrat. The ministers of the government are members of the parliament, and need parliamentary support to stay in power.

From 1949 to 1990, the main political parties were the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), with its "sister party", the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU). After the reunification of Germany the Green Party and Alliance '90(Bündnis 90/Die Grünen) became more important and was in government between 1999 and 2005. Other important political parties after reunification have been the PDS (Party of Democratic Socialism) which was based on East Germany's Socialist Unity Party of Germany. It joined with The Left Party (Die Linkspartei or Die Linke) of western Germany. In 2007 Die Linke and WASG joined together under the leadership of Oskar Lafontaine

As Germany is a federal country, a lot of the work of government is done by the 16 states ("Länder"). Power is shared between the national (or federal) government and state governments. The national government cannot abolish the state governments.

The political system is set out in the 1949 constitution, the "Grundgesetz" (Basic Law), which stayed in effect after 1990's German reunification.

The constitution puts freedom and human rights first. It also splits powers both between the federal and state levels and between the legislative (law-making), executive (government), and judicial (courts) branches. The 1949 "Grundgesetz" was written to correct the problems with the Weimar Republic's constitution. The Weimar Republic collapsed in 1933 and was replaced by the dictatorship of the Third Reich.

The courts of Germany are independent of the government and the lawmakers. Senior judges are appointed by the Bundestag for a fixed term.

The "Bundeskanzler" (Federal Chancellor) heads the "Bundesregierung" (Federal Cabinet) and thus the executive branch of the federal government. He or she is chosen by and must report to the "Bundestag", Germany's parliament. Germany, like the United Kingdom, can thus be said to have a parliamentary system.

The Chancellor cannot be removed from office during a 4-year term unless the "Bundestag" has agreed on a successor. This Constructive Vote of No Confidence () is meant to stop what happened in the Weimar Republic. There the government did not have a lot of support in the parliament. The small parties often joined together to vote against the government, but could never stay together and choose a new government.

Except in the periods 1969-72 and 1976-82, when the social democratic party of Chancellor Brandt and Schmidt came in second in the elections, the Chancellor has always been the candidate of the largest party. Usually the largest party is helped by one or smaller more parties to get a majority in the parliament. Between 1969-72 and 1976-82 the smaller parties decided not to help the largest party, but the second biggest party instead.

The Chancellor appoints a Vice-Chancellor (Vizekanzler), who is a member of his cabinet, usually the Foreign Minister. When there is a coalition government (which has, so far, always been the case, except for the period of 1957 to 1961), the Vice-Chancellor usually belongs to the smaller party of the coalition.

The Chancellor is responsible for policy guidelines. This means he, or she, sets the broad ideas of what the government will do. To help carry out these ideas the Chancellor can change the make-up of the federal ministries whenever they want. For example, in the middle of January 2001, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture was renamed to Ministry of Consumer Protection, Food and Agriculture. This was to help fight the "Mad Cow Disease" BSE problem. At the same time some of the jobs ("competencies") of the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy, and the Ministry of Health were moved to the new Ministry of Consumer Protection.

Reporting to the cabinet is the Civil service of Germany.

The duties of the "Bundespräsident" (Federal President) are mostly representative and ceremonial; The power of the executive is exercised by the Chancellor.

The President is elected every 5 years on May 23 by the Federal Assembly ("Bundesversammlung"). The Bundesversammlung only meets to elect the President. Its members are the entire "Bundestag" and an equal number of state delegates selected especially for this purpose in proportion to election results for the state parliaments.
In February 2017, Frank-Walter Steinmeier of the SPD was elected. The reason that the President is not directly elected by the people is to stop him from claiming to be more powerful than the government and the constitution, which happened in the Weimar Republic.

Germany has a bicameral legislature, which means that the parliament has two houses. The "Bundestag" (Federal Diet) has at least 598 members, elected for a four-year term. Half of the members (299) are elected in single-seat constituencies according to first-past-the-post. The other 299 members are chosen from statewide party lists.

The total percentage of constituency members and regional list members a party has should equal the percentage of votes that a party gets. This is called proportional representation.

Because Voters vote once for a constituency representative, and a second time for a party Germany is said to have mixed-member proportional representation.

Sometimes a party already has more constituency seats in a "land" (state) than it should have to keep the percentage of votes and seats equal. The party does not lose seats. Instead, it gets no land seats. This means that the Bundestag sometimes has more than 598 members. In the current parliament, there are 16 overhang seats, giving a total of 614.

A party must get 5% of the national vote or win at least three constituency seats to be represented in the "Bundestag". This rule is often called the "five percent hurdle", was made to stop lots of small parties from being in the Bundestag. Small parties were blamed for the problems of the Weimar Republic's Reichstag.

The first "Bundestag" elections were held in the Federal Republic of Germany ("West Germany") on August 14, 1949. Following reunification, elections for the first all-German "Bundestag" were held on December 2, 1990. The last election was held on September 24, 2017, the 19th Bundestag met on October 24, 2017.

The "Bundesrat" (Federal Council) is the representation of the state governments at the federal level. The Bundesrat has 69 members who are delegates of the 16 "Bundesländer". Usually, the 16 Ministers President are members, but they do not have to be. The "Länder" each has from three to six votes in the "Bundesrat", depending on the population. "Bundesrat" members must vote as their state government tell them.

The legislature has powers of exclusive jurisdiction (it can make laws by itself) and concurrent jurisdiction with the "Länder" (the länder can also make laws). What laws and what type of laws are set out in the Basic Law.

The "Bundestag" does most lawmaking.

The "Bundesrat" must concur (agree) to laws about money shared by the federal and state governments and those making more work for the states. Often this means that the "Bundesrat" often needs to agree to a law because federal laws are often carried out by state or local agencies.

Since the political make-up of the "Bundesrat" is often different from that of the "Bundestag", the Bundesrat is often the place for opposition parties to put their point of view, rather than for the states to look after their interests, as the constitution intended.

To limit, members of the Bundestag and the Bundesrat form a Vermittlungsauschuss which is a joint committee to try to reach an agreement when the two chambers can not agree on a certain piece of legislation.

The following parties are represented in the German Bundestag since the federal elections of 2017:


Total 709 seats.

The Pirate Party Germany and the National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) got no seats.

The Federal Council is composed by representatives of the State governments.

Germany has had a court system that was free of government control for longer than it has had democracy.

This means that the courts have traditionally been strong, and almost all state actions are subject to judicial review (being looked at by the court).

There is the "ordinary" courts system that handles civil and criminal cases

This has four levels

There is also a system of specialist courts, that deals with certain areas of the law. These generally have a state court and state appeals court before coming to the federal supreme court for that area of law. The other federal supreme courts are

Unlike the United States, all courts are state courts, except for the top-level supreme courts.

Germany also has another supreme court, the Bundesverfassungsgericht Federal Constitutional Court. The "Grundgesetz" says that every person may complain to the Federal Constitutional Court when his or her constitutional rights, especially human rights, have been violated by the government or one of its agencies and after he or she has gone through the ordinary court system.

The Bundesverfassungsgericht hears complaints about laws passed by the legislative branch, court decisions, or acts of the administration.

Usually, only a small percentage of these constitutional complaints, called "(Verfassungsbeschwerden)" are successful. Even so, the Court has often angered both the government and the lawmakers. The judges even say that they do not care about the reactions of the government, the Bundestag, or public opinion or about the cost of one of the court's decisions. All that matters is the constitution.

The Bundesverfassungsgericht is very high popular with ordinary people because it protects them from government wrongdoing.

Only the Constitutional Court can handle some types of cases, including arguments between government bodies about their constitutional powers.

Only the Constitutional Court has the power to ban political parties for being unconstitutional. However so far the Constitutional court has only used this power twice, outlawing the KPD (Communist Party of Germany) and the SRP (Socialist Reich Party, a successor to the NSDAP) because both parties ideas went against the constitution.

In the 1998 election the SPD said they wanted to reduce high unemployment rates and said new people were needed in government after 16 years of Helmut Kohl's government.

Gerhard Schröder said he was a centrist "Third Way" candidate like Britain's Tony Blair and America's Bill Clinton.

The CDU/CSU said people should look at how well off they were because of Kohl's government, and that the CDU/CSU had experience in foreign policy.

But the Kohl government was hurt at the polls by slower growth in the east in the previous two years, which meant the gap between east and west widened as the west got richer and the east did not.

The final seat count was enough to allow a "red-green" coalition of the SPD with Alliance '90/The Greens ("Bündnis '90/Die Grünen"), bringing the Greens into a national government for the first time.

The first months of the new government had policy disputes between the moderate and traditional left wings of the SPD, and some voters got fed up. The first state election after the federal election was held in Hesse in February 1999. The CDU increased its vote by 3.5%. The CDU became the largest party and replaced an SPD/Green coalition with a CDU/FDP coalition. The result was seen in part as a referendum on the federal government's ideas for a new citizenship law, which would have made it easier for long-time foreign residents to become German citizens, and also to keep their original citizenship as well.

In March 1999, SPD chairman and Minister of Finance Oskar Lafontaine, who represented a more traditional social democratic position, resigned from all offices after losing a party-internal power struggle against Schröder.

In state elections in 2000 and 2001, the respective SPD- or CDU-led coalition governments were re-elected into power.

The next election for the "Bundestag" was September 22, 2002. Gerhard Schröder led the coalition of SPD and Greens to an 11-seat victory over the CDU/CSU headed by Edmund Stoiber (CSU). Two factors are generally cited that enabled Schröder to win the elections despite poor approval ratings a few months before: good handling of the 2002 European floods and firm opposition to the USA's 2003 invasion of Iraq.

The coalition treaty for the second red-green coalition was signed on October 16, 2002. There were a lot of new ministers.

In February 2003, elections took place in the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony, was won by the conservatives. In Hesse, the CDU minister president Roland Koch was re-elected, with his party CDU gaining enough seats to govern without the former coalition partner FDP.

In Lower Saxony, the former SPD minister president Sigmar Gabriel lost the elections, leading to a CDU/FDP-government headed by new minister president Christian Wulff (CDU).
The protest against the Iraq war changed this situation a bit, favoring SPD and Greens.

The latest election in the state of Bavaria led to a landslide victory of the conservatives, gaining not just the majority (as usual), but two thirds of parliamentary seats.

In April 2003, chancellor Schröder announced massive labor market reforms, called Agenda 2010. This included a shakeup of the system of German job offices (Arbeitsamt), cuts in unemployment benefits and subsidies for unemployed persons who start their own businesses. These changes are commonly known by the name of the chairman of the commission which conceived them as Hartz I - Hartz IV. Although these reforms have sparked massive protests they are now credited with being in part responsible for the economic upswing and the fall of unemployment figures in Germany in the years 2006/7.

The European elections on June 13, 2004, brought a staggering defeat for the Social Democrats, who polled only slightly more than 21%, the lowest election result for the SPD in a nationwide election since the Second World War. Liberals, Greens, conservatives, and the far left were the winners of the European election in Germany, because voters were disillusioned by high unemployment and cuts in social security, while the governing SPD party seems to be concerned with quarrels between its members and gave no clear direction. Many observers believe that this election marked the beginning of the end of the Schröder government.

In September 2004, elections were held in the states of Saarland, Brandenburg and Saxony. In the Saarland, the governing CDU was able to remain in power and gained one additional seat in the parliament and the SPD lost seven seats, while the Liberals and Greens re-entered the state parliament. The far-right National Democratic Party, which had never got more than 1 or 2% of the vote, received about 4%, although it failed to earn a seat in the state parliament (a party must obtain at least 5% of the vote to achieve state parliamentary representation).

Two weeks later, elections were held in the eastern states of Brandenburg and Saxony: once again, overall, the ruling parties lost votes and although they remained in power, the right to far-right parties made the big leaps. In Brandenburg, the Deutsche Volksunion (DVU) re-entered the state parliament after winning 6.1% of the vote. In Saxony, the NPD entered a non-competition agreement with the DVU and obtained 9.2% of the vote, thus winning seats in the state parliament. Due to their losses at the ballots, the ruling CDU of Saxony was forced to form a coalition with the SPD. The rise of the right to far-right worries the ruling political parties.

On May 22, 2005, as predicted the SPD was defeated in its former heartland, North Rhine-Westphalia. Half an hour after the election results, the SPD chairman Franz Müntefering announced that the chancellor would clear the way for premature federal elections by deliberately losing a vote of confidence.

This took everyone by surprise, especially because the SPD was below 25% in polls at the time. On the following Monday, the CDU announced Angela Merkel as a conservative candidate for chancellorship.

Whereas in May and June 2005 victory of the conservatives seemed highly likely, with some polls giving them an absolute majority, this changed shortly before the election on September 18, 2005, especially after the conservatives introduced Paul Kirchhof as potential minister of the treasury, and after a TV duel between Merkel and Schröder where many considered Schröder to have performed better.

New for the 2005 election was the alliance between the newly formed Electoral Alternative for Labour and Social Justice (WASG) and the PDS, planning to join into a common party (see Left Party.PDS). With the former SPD chairman Oskar Lafontaine for the WASG and Gregor Gysi for the PDS as prominent figures, this alliance soon found interest in the media and in the population. Polls in July saw them as high as 12%.

After success in the state election for Saxony, the alliance between the far right parties National Democratic Party and Deutsche Volksunion (DVU), which planned to leapfrog the "five-percent hurdle" on a common party ticket was another media issue.

The election results of September 18, 2005, were surprising. They were very different from the polls of the previous weeks. The conservatives lost votes compared to 2002, reaching only 35%, and failed to get a majority for a "black-yellow" government of CDU/CSU and liberal FDP. The FDP polled 10% of the votes, one of their best results ever. But the red-green coalition also failed to get a majority, with the SPD losing votes, but polling 34% and the greens staying at 8%. The left party alliance reached 8.7% and entered the German Parliament, whereas the NPD only got 1.6%.

The most likely outcome of coalition talks was a so-called "grand coalition" between the conservatives (CDU/CSU) and the social democrats (SPD), with the three smaller parties (liberals, greens, and the left) in the opposition. Other possible coalitions include a "traffic light coalition" between SPD, FDP, and Greens and a "Jamaica coalition" between CDU/CSU, FDP, and Greens. Coalitions involving the Left Party were ruled out by all parties (including the Left Party itself), although the combination of one of the major parties and any two small parties would mathematically have a majority. Of these combinations, only a red-red-green coalition is politically even imaginable. Both Gerhard Schröder and Angela Merkel announced that they had won the election and should become the next chancellor.

On October 10, talks were held between Franz Müntefering, the SPD chairman, Gerhard Schröder, Angela Merkel, and Edmund Stoiber, the CSU chairman. In the afternoon it was announced that the CDU/CSU and SPD would begin formal coalition negotiations with the aim of a Grand Coalition with Angela Merkel as the next German chancellor.

Angela Merkel is the first woman, the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest German chancellor ever. On November 22, 2005, Angela Merkel was sworn in by president Horst Köhler for the office of Bundeskanzlerin.



Musical notation

Music notation or musical notation is a way of writing down music so that anyone can play it. Many systems have been used in the past to write music. Today most musicians in the Western world write musical notes on a stave: five parallel lines with four spaces in between them. However, there are many others, some of which are in use today in different cultures.

Writing music down makes it possible for a composer who makes up (composes) a piece of music to let other people know how the music is supposed to sound. That music can then be played or sung by anybody who can “read music”. If music is not written down, then people can only learn other people’s music by listening to it and trying to copy it. This is how folk music was traditionally learned.

The earliest kind of notation was written on tablets using a way of writing called cuneiform. Music from Nippur from about 2000 B.C. has been found which seems to give an approximate idea of how the music should be played. A tablet from 1250 B.C. has musical notation which shows the names of the strings of a lyre. They are the earliest records we have of written music.

Musical notation from Ancient Greece showed the notes in more detail than the earlier cuneiform. It shows the pitch (how high or low the note is) and how long it lasts. It sometimes give an idea of the harmony. It was used from at least the 6th century BC until about the 4th century AD.
When music started to be written down in Europe it was music for the Roman Catholic church. The monks who wrote it down used a system of dots and strokes called neumes. They gave an idea of how high or low the notes were, but did not show the length of the notes. They may have been used by people who knew the music already and just needed a reminder of when to go up and down.

People gradually realized that it was necessary to find a system which showed the exact pitch of the note. The first stave was just one single horizontal line. Gradually this increased to four lines. Guido d’Arezzo, an Italian Benedictine monk who lived in the 11th century developed this system which soon led to the way of writing music that we know. By the 16th century everybody was using the 5 line stave. A system of bars (measures) was used everywhere by the end of the 17th century. At first the bar lines where there to show which notes should be played or sung together. Gradually the system we know today was developed in which each bar lasted the same length of time, and has a particular number of beats (counts) for each bar. By the end of the 17th century this was used by most musicians in European classical music.

Today we use a five-line staff. The pitch (highness or lowness of a note) is shown by where the note is put on the staff. There may also be sharps or flats in front of some of the notes. The note value (amount of time for a note) in shown by how the note looks. The music is read from left to right.

A staff of written music usually has a clef in front. This shows exactly which notes are to be played. Notes which are very high or low can be put on extra lines called ledger lines above or below the stave.

After the clef there is usually a key signature which shows the key of the piece: it shows which sharps or flats are to be used regularly.

After the key signature is the time signature. Bars (measures) divide the piece into regular groupings of beats, and the time signatures show these groupings.

Above the music there is usually a word, or words, to show the tempo (speed) At various places in the music there will be dynamic marks to show how loud or soft to play.

For vocal music, words are written underneath the notes.

When music is played by a large group of instruments such as an orchestra the music is written in a "score". This shows the music played by all the instruments, so there are many staves written underneath one another. The conductor will need to have a score, but the players will play from a “part” which has just the notes that they play. All the parts needed for a piece of music is called a “set of parts”.

Instruments such as guitars often play from a chord chart or just the names of the chords (C7, Em etc.) written underneath the music or under the words of a song.

A system called solfege has been used by musicians ever since the Renaissance. This shows the names of the notes of a scale (do, re, mi etc.).

Lute music in the Renaissance and Baroque periods used to be written in a system called tabulature. Some 20th century composers have also used tabulature.

Some modern composers such as John Cage have written music by making drawings called graphic notation.

Music can also be written in Braille for blind musicians.

Today computers are often used for making music. This has led to other forms of music notation which are used in different systems of software. The MIDI file format, stores information about the pitch, duration, speed, volume etc. of notes and can be used to control a MIDI instrument.

There are other systems in use today for some non-Western music.


Musicology

Musicology means the study of music by a scholar. A scholar is an academic person, often a professor or lecturer at a university. Someone who studies musicology is a Musicologist.

Musicologists study all kinds of music. They study the history of music and learn about all the composers and how they developed their ideas and learned from one another. They can do this by studying music scores, or by looking for historical documents which tell us about musicians from the past. Musicologists may also study the philosophy of music (thinking about what music means). 

They write articles in musical journals or books on music. This can help us to know and understand more about the music we play or listen to.


Armenian–Tatar massacres of 1905–1907

The Armenian-Tatar massacres (also known as the Armenian Tatar War and the Armeno-Tatar War) refers to the ethnic fight between the Armenians and the Caucasian Tartars (modern Azeris) in the Caucasus in 1905—1907.

The massacres started during the Russian Revolution of 1905. Hundreds of people were killed. The most violent fights happened in 1905 in February in Baku, in May in Nakhichevan, in August in Shusha and in November in Ganja.

C-pop

C-pop is short for Chinese popular music (). Most of today's C-pop artists are from Hong Kong, Taiwan and mainland China, as well as from other countries where Mandarin or Cantonese languages are used, such as Singapore and Malaysia. However, Taiwanese music has some origins from the Japanese enka so Taiwanese pop is sometimes said to be a different genre from C-Pop.

Cantonese pop, or colloquially known as Cantopop, is a subgenre of C-pop, sung in Cantonese language. Most Hong Kong-born singers start off as Cantonese pop singers before starting a career as a Mandarin pop singer. Cantonese pop artists include:


"The Four Heavenly Kings" of Cantonese pop are Leon Lai, Andy Lau, Aaron Kwok and Jacky Cheung.

In the early 1990s, many major Cantonese pop stars (such as Alan Tam, Leslie Cheung, Samuel Hui, Priscilla Chan and Joseph Koo) decided to retire because of the protests in China in 1989. Cantonese pop needed new talent to fill the gaps left by these retired stars, this led to the beginning of "the Four Heavenly Kings" or "四大天王" ("lit." Four Great Kings of Heaven): Jacky Jeung, Andy Lau, Aaron Kwok and Leon Lai. They were dominating the media in all forms, from magazines, TV, cinema to music.

Mandarin pop () is a subgenre of C-pop. Also known as Mandopop and Mandapop, Mandarin pop songs are performed in Mandarin. Most Cantonese pop stars also expand their music career into the Mandarin pop scene.


Stefanie Sun

Stefanie Sun () is a multi-award-winning C-Pop singer and songwriter. She was born on 1978. Stefanie has sold over 10 million copies in Asia. After her release of her tenth album, she is said to be the most popular Mandarin female singer in Asia and the most successful singer from Singapore.

Stefanie Sun has an elder sister Sng Yee Kia and a younger sister Sng EeMei.

Stefanie wen to school at Saint Margaret's Secondary School, Raffles Girls' School and went on to attend Saint Andrew's Junior College. She later attended Nanyang Technological University, where she got a degree in Marketing. Her abilities were discovered by her music teacher at his music school.

Among Mandarin-speakers, Stefanie is known by her Mandarin name, Sun Yan Zi. She speaks the Teochew dialect, and in Teochew her name is pronounced as "Sng Ee Tze," which is her official name. Most of her songs are sung in Mandarin, with several in English. Stefanie's ability to speak many dialects is shown in the songs she sings. 

In the song "Cloudy Day" (called 天黑黑 in Chinese), she sings in both Mandarin and Min Nan (Taiwanese). "Cloudy Day" is an adaptation of a traditional Taiwanese folk song.

Her album START! contains 6 songs in English: "Venus", "That I Will Be Good", "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough", "Silent All These Years", and "Hey Jude"; and a song she wrote called "Someone".

Stefanie does most of her recording and performing in Taiwan, where most of her fans are. She also visits China, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore, where many of her fans are.

Her first music album was released in June 2000, the self-titled YanZi, published by Warner Music. The album sold over 330,000 copies in Taiwan. Her next album, which was released in December of the same year was titled My Desired Happiness or 我要的幸福 in Chinese. My Desired Happiness sold over 380,000 copies in Taiwan. Both albums achieved great success – each album sold over 1,000,000 copies in mainland China.

Her third album was released in early 2001, titled Kite, which sold successfully with 300,000 copies in Taiwan and more than 950,000 in China.

In January 2002 she released START, which was titled 自選集 in China. START was a collection of songs and cover versions. START! sold over 250,000 copies in Taiwan alone in less than a month and overall 1,000,000 copies sold in mainland China.

In 2002 and 2003, Stefanie sang the official theme songs for Singapore's National Day Parade: We Will Get There (一起走到 in Chinese) and One United People (全心全意 in Chinese). One United People was included on the album Leave.

In early 2003, she released the album To Be Continued… which like her previous releases, was a success. It sold more than 250,000 copies in Taiwan and more than 1,000,000 in China. Only a few months later, she released her seventh album with six new songs mixed with fifteen of her old songs. By the end of 2003, Stefanie had sold over 7,000,000 copies in Asia with just seven albums.

In late 2003, she decided to take a one-year break from making music, because she wanted to find again her direction in her career. She returned in late 2004 with a new album titled Stefanie, which was meant to reflect her debut album (self-titled as well, but in Chinese). This was to symbolise her return with a fresh attitude. This album sold more than 2,300,000 copies in Asia; making it her most successful album. She also started her own company called Make Music.

A Perfect Day was released on 2005, almost one year later. Reviews of this new album were mixed, but Stefanie said that all she wanted was to make quality music, instead of releases that sell well but have a lower level of artistic quality. This album was not her highest-selling, but it had still managed to sell over 1,000,000 copies in Asia.
In 2006, Stefanie had 4 full-house concerts at the Hong Kong Coliseum. The performances were praised by the media as well as fans. Stefanie also returned to Singapore in a much-anticipated homecoming concert. However, at The Golden Melody Awards 2006 in Taiwan, while performing songs that were meant to be for male singers, she went off-key, due to having not enough sleep, jet lag, and not having enough time to practice. The media said she had shattered her image of a pop diva with great singing skills. Though she had been heavily criticized by the media, many think that she did not perform as bad, instead the media had over-emphasized on her singing that night.

Stefanie’s first album under the Capitol brand is entitled Against the Light or 逆光 in Chinese. It was released on 22 March 2007. Her decision to leave Warner after 9 albums was partly due to music executive Sam Chen, who now works at EMI. He had collaborated with Stefanie on 8 of her 9 albums.

On 26 February 2007, Stefanie returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters. Stefanie was in Egypt to shoot a PV for her new album. Two men disguised as government officials followed her and the crew and asked for money and even showing a handgun. The crew tried calling the police but the police didn’t believe them. The crew had to hand over a total of over 200,000 yuan in order to continue shooting.

Stefanie’s tenth album Against the Light, has been a major success in Asia. In Taiwan, it sold over 60,000 copies in the first 3 days it was released. In addition, over 500,000 copies were sold within a week in China. Stefanie was also the number one spot in the Taiwanese Music Charts for 4 weeks.

In 2007, Stefanie sang the offcial theme song for ASEAN's 40th anniversary celebrations: Rise. 

2005 German federal election

The election of the German Federal Diet "(Bundestag)" 2005 took place on 18 September 2005.

Mudra

In Indian religions, a mudra (Sanskrit, literally "seal") is a gesture made with the hand or fingers. Along with "asanas" (body postures), they are used in yoga. Each mudra has a meaning. They are a central part of Hindu iconography. Mudras are also used in Buddhism. There are hand gestures in both Hindu and Buddhist iconography. An example would be the outward-facing open palm known as "Abhay" (without fear) mudra, a gesture meant to dispel fear.



Aaron Kwok

Aaron Kwok is a popular Hong Kong singer and movie actor. He is one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Cantopop. He has been called "Hong Kong's Michael Jackson" for his dancing.

Aaron Kwok is one of Hong Kong and Asia's most important pop stars. Over the last decade or so, Kwok has won over a hundred music awards. As a solo performer, he has played in over 200 concerts around the world.

After graduating from secondary school, Kwok worked at the King Fook Gold and Jewellery Co. Ltd. His father, who owns a gold retail store, wanted him to gain experience in the business and eventually taking over the family business.

In 1984, Aaron Kwok joined a dancer training course at HK-TVB, where his talent for dancing was shown. There, Kwok performed in PVs and a variety of TV shows. In 1985, Kwok's outstanding performance in a pageant show was spotted. He was transferred to the acting department of the talent training course and became a TV actor, where he played a few roles in Chinese television drama shows.

In the early 1990s, a Taiwanese motorcycle CM gave him instant fame. He burst onto the music scene with his now-famous song Loving You Forever (called 對你愛不完 in the Chinese and original release) and the dance moves for the song. In the next few years, his popularity reached fever-pitch and he was soon ranked alongside the most popular artists of the time.

Over the years, Kwok has also taken part in other mediums such as CMs and acting, especially with director-cinematographer Andrew Lau. Kwok has also done extensive public service and charity work, which is why he was amongst the winners of the Ten Most Outstanding Young Persons Award 2003.

In 2004, a string of concert dates earned Kwok a Hong Kong Dance Award presented by the Hong Kong Dance Alliance. Due to this success, Kwok toured again in 2005, receiving much praise.

At the Taiwan's forty-second Golden Horse Awards ceremony on 13 November 2005, Kwok won Best Leading Actor award for his role in the movie "Divergence". It was Kwok's first Golden Horse nomination and beat veteran Hong Kong star Tony Leung to win the honour.

Aaron won the Best Actor Award again at the forty-third Golden Horse Awards on 24 November 2006 for his role in the movie "After This Our Exile". He became the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award year after year. Jackie Chan first achieved this back in the 1990s.


Styrene

Styrene is a certain organic chemical compound having the chemical formula CH. Its chemical structure is made up of a vinyl group bonded onto a benzene ring. This benzene ring makes styrene an aromatic compound. At room temperature and pressure, styrene is a clear, colorless liquid. Other names for styrene can be "styrol", "vinylbenzene", "phenylethene", or "phenylethylene". 

Styrene is used in polymer chemistry as a monomer. This means many styrene molecules can bond together to make a larger molecule called polystyrene. Polystyrene is a kind of polymer often used as a plastic. This kind of chemical reaction is called polymerization. 

Styrene can also bond with other kinds of monomers to make other kinds of polymers called "copolymers". For one example, styrene has been mixed with another monomer called 1,3-butadiene to make a copolymer which is a kind of synthetic rubber. For another example, styrene is mixed with acrylonitrile and 1,3-butadiene to make a copolymer plastic called ABS (Acrylonitrile-Butadiene-Styrene).

In industry, styrene is made from ethylbenzene by this chemical reaction: 

This kind of reaction is called dehydrogenation. Hydrogen is also made by this reaction..

Para Para Sakura

Para Para Sakura is a 2001 romance-comedy movie directed by Jingle Ma, starring Aaron Kwok and Cecilia Cheung. It was filmed and produced in Hong Kong. It runs for 107 minutes and is in the language Cantonese.

Kwok plays the role of Phillip Wong, a colour-blind dance instructor who holds a class devoted to the latest dance craze, the Japanese Para Para. While in Shanghai, Phillip meets Yee (Cheung), a spoiled rich girl who is running away from her up-coming arranged marriage. Soon, Yee begins using Phillip's dance studio as a sanctuary from her responsibilities, and an attraction begins to form between the two. However, Yee is called back to Japan to be married before long, and Phillip must use more than his dance skills and charisma to prevent her from taking her vows.



JJ Lin

Wayne Lim Junjie (born March 27, 1981) is a Singaporean singer, songwriter, and music composer. Lin is commonly known as JJ Lin and his Chinese name is Lin Jun Jie. In 2004, with his self-composed song Jiang Nan, his career began to take off and his name became quickly known throughout China and Taiwan. JJ Lin was originally managed by the entertainment agency called Alfa Music from 2003 to 2007. In 2007, he left his previous agency and joined JVR Music.
Even though JJ Lin was born in Singapore, he is actually a descendant from a Chinese province known as Fujian. JJ can speak English and Mandarin fluently. JJ Lin’s hobbies include drawing, composing songs, singing, and photographing. The idols that he likes include Michael Jackson, Britney Spears, Jacky Cheung (Zhang Xue You), David Tao (Tao Zhe), and so on. The food that JJ hates most is tomatoes. In various variety shows, he showed strong fear and dislike whenever tomatoes were put in front of his eyes. The colors that he likes the most are blue, black, white and grey. One of unforgettable experiences in his life was traveling in Japan when he was young. 

In China and Taiwan, JJ Lin was best known for his talent in composing songs instead of his appearance. He composes most of the songs in his albums. From his debut in 2003, he has produced several “hit” albums. For example, his album named No.89757, published in 2005, which mainly talked about the love between a robot and a girl a thousand years from now, sold more than 1,500,000 copies in just three months. His next album, known as Cao Cao, did even better. This album sold around 2,000,000 copies in just two weeks, a miracle in the Chinese Music Industry. Whenever JJ Lin publishes an album, it almost always becomes a hit. JJ’s songs can be heard throughout China and Taiwan in various TV programs, singing competitions, and radio channels. JJ Lin not only writes songs for himself but also for other famous celebrities, notably Ji De (Remember) for Taiwanese pop diva A-Mei and Fang Shou for his fellow label mate A-Do.

JJ Lin’s undeniable talent in composing has earned him numerous awards every year. For instance, in 2004, he won the “Best New Artist” award in 15th Taiwan Golden Melody Awards. In the same year, he also won “Best New Act” in Singapore Hit Awards. In 2006 Beijing Music Awards, with his popular album Cao Cao, he swept several big awards including Most Popular Male Artist, Top Twenty Golden Melody, Best Album, Best Producer, and “True Hero” Award.
In 2011, with his latest album She Says, JJ Lin has earned himself Best Mandarin Male Singer Award in 22nd Golden Melody Awards.


Zhang Li Yin

Li Yin Zhang (; ), also known in Korea by her Korean name RiIn Jang, is the first and currently only Chinese solo singer to break into the Korean music industry. Li Yin has been nicknamed the "Chinese BoA". She speaks both Mandarin and Korean, and has released music in both Korea and China. She also speaks English but has not yet released any records fully in English.

Li Yin was born on 18 February 1989 in Sichuan, China. She grew up in a musical family, as both of her parents were professional violinists. As a child, her parents took her to their rock concerts and exposed her to a variety of music. At three years old, she began to learn the violin. Li Yin liked classical, American and European music so much that she says she never sang children's songs when she was a child.

As she grew older, Li Yin became more into pop music than rock music. She had to secretly listen to pop music because her parents were against it. When she was twelve, she went to a middle school founded by the Sichuan Music College after scoring the highest with her violin-playing, but she chose to become a singer instead. She was selected as one of the top-ten teenage singers in a national singing competition in Beijing. Eventually, her parents began to support her dream to become a singer.

Li Yin was discovered by SM Entertainment. She started training in 2003 at the age of 13 and for 3 years, she special singing and dance training under SM Entertainment. While doing so, she discovered her R&B talent.

Li Yin's debut was greatly anticipated not only in Korea, but the whole of Asia because of the promotion of her being "The Next BoA" and "The Chinese BoA." Before her official debut, it was already known that her song was a duet with popular TVXQ-member Xiah Junsu, which caused even more excitement and anticipation among the general public.

On 8 September 2006, Li Yin released her first single, "Timeless". On the first day of release, she ranked #2 on the online charts of SBS Inkigayo. The song was placed #1 on Daum's Music Video chart as well as hitting the highest search number on the famous Korean search engine Naver. The PV was ranked #1 on Melon's Video Chart for 30 days .

In early 2007, Li Yin promoted the second track of her debut single called "Y (Why...)", which is a power ballad. SM Entertainment also released a "Timeless" documentary version of her "Y (Why...)" PV. It featured her hardships while training, as well as many behind-the-scenes clips of her promotion of "Timeless", including never-before-seen footage of her and Xiah Junsu.

She also performed with boy-band TVXQ at their second Korean concert in Seoul, South Korea on 23 February 2007. She sang BoA's part in the song "Try-Angle", previously performed by BoA, TVXQ and The TRAX.

She also performed "Timeless" with Xiah Junsu at the Hallyu Expo in Korea on 8 March 2007. In July, along with Kangta, TVXQ, The Grace and Super Junior, she performed in Korea for the SMTown Summer Concert 2007.

After a long year of absence without releasing any records, Zhang Li Yin announced during an interview early December 2007 that her long-awaited debut album will be released in February 2008. The album is titled "星愿 - I WILL" (lit. "Star Wish: I Will" ). It has been released in Korea, China, Japan, Singapore and Malaysia.

Nyingma

Nyingma is the name of one of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism. It is th oldest school of Tibetan Buddhism and was founded by the Gandharan monk, Padmasambhava. The word "Nyingma" means "ancient". Nyingma followers see themselves as holding the oldest teachings of Vajrayana. Some of these teachings can be found in the local Bön religion of Tibet.

Notable modern Nyingma teachers include Kyabje Dudjom Rinpoche (c. 1904–1987), Sogyal Rinpoche, Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche, Khenpo Choga Rinpoche, filmmaker Khyentse Norbu (also known as Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse Rinpoche), and Penor Rinpoche.

433 Eros

433 Eros is the first Near-Earth asteroid (NEA) that was found. It was named after the Greek god of love, Eros (Greek Ἔρως). It is an S-type asteroid about 13 × 13 × 33 km in size, the second-biggest near-Earth asteroid (NEA) after 1036 Ganymed. It belongs to the Amors. It is the first asteroid that was known to cross inside the orbit of Mars. Eros is one of the few NEAs bigger than 10 km across. It is thought to be bigger than the asteroid that made the Chicxulub crater in the Yucatán and probably caused the extinction of the dinosaurs.

On January 31, 2012, Eros passed close to Earth at 0.1787 astronomical units (16.6 million miles). This is about 700 times farther from the Earth than the moon is. It had brightness of +8.1 visual magnitude.

During rare oppositions, every 81 years, such as in 1975 and 2056, Eros will be directly away from the sun, as seen from Earth. Then, Eros can reach a magnitude of +7.1, which is brighter than Neptune and brighter than any main belt asteroid except 4 Vesta (and sometimes 2 Pallas and 7 Iris). At opposition, the asteroid actually appears to stop in place when compared to stars in the sky. Unlike most objects in the solar system, it never appears to be retrograde (back-track across the sky).

Eros was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker probe, which orbited it, taking many pictures of its surface. On February 12, 2001, at the end of its mission, NEAR landed on the asteroid's surface using its maneuvering jets.

Objects in an orbit like Eros can exist for only a few hundred million years before the orbit is changed by the effects of gravity. Simulations suggest that Eros may evolve into an Earth-crosser within 2 million years (Michel et al., 1996).

The adjectival form which is not used a lot of the name Eros is "Erotian".

Surface gravity depends on the distance from a spot on the surface to the center of a body's mass. The Erotian surface gravity changes a lot, since Eros is not a sphere but a stretched peanut-shaped (or potato- or shoe-shaped) object. The daytime temperature on Eros stays at about 100 °C and nighttime measurements at −150 °C. Eros's density is 2,400 kg/m, about the same as the density of Earth's crust. Its day lasts 5.27 hours.

NEAR scientists have found that most of the bigger rocks scattered across Eros were blown from a single crater in a meteorite collision approximately 1 billion years ago. This impact may also be the reason why nearly half of the Erotian surface doesn't have small craters. It was first thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters (those less than half a kilometer across). A study of crater on the surface shows that the areas with the fewest craters are within 9 kilometers of the impact point. This includes the opposite side of the asteroid but still within 9 kilometers.

Eros was found on the same night (13 August 1898) by Gustav Witt in Berlin and Auguste Charlois at Nice. Witt was taking a 2-hour exposure of beta Aquarius to get astrometric positions of asteroid 185 Eunike.

In 1975, Eros became the first asteroid to be detected by radar.

Eros was one of the first asteroids to be visited by a spacecraft, and the first to be orbited and soft-landed on. NASA spacecraft NEAR Shoemaker entered orbit around Eros in 2000, and came to rest on its surface in 2001.


Thelema

Thelema is the English spelling of the Greek noun : "will", from the verb "θέλω": to will, wish, purpose. Early Christian writings use the word to refer to the will of God, the human will, and even the will of God's opponent, the Devil.

Thelema is also a way of life first written about by François Rabelais (16th century) in his famous books of fiction, Gargantua and Pantagruel. The core of this way of life was summed up in the phrase ""Do what thou wilt"" ("fay çe que vouldras" in the original old French). This idea was later put into practice in the mid 18th century by Sir Francis Dashwood at Medmenham.

This Thelemic Law of Rabelais was revived by Aleister Crowley in 1904 when Crowley wrote "The Book of the Law". This book contains both the word "Thelema" in Greek as well as the phrase "Do what thou wilt." From this, Crowley took Thelema as the name of his own religion. Shri Gurudev Mahendranath wrote that Rabelais, Dashwood, and Crowley must share the honor of perpetuating Thelema.

The core of Thelemic thought is "Do what thou wilt." People understand and apply this in different ways. For example, some people accept Crowley as a prophet. Other people regard Crowley's system to be only one form of Thelema. Crowley himself shared this view:

Many followers of Thelema learn and use other systems of spiritual thought, blending them according to their own will with Thelema. Most borrow freely from other traditions. For example, Nu and Had are thought to be the same as or similar to the Tao and Teh of Taoism, Shakti and Shiva of the Hindu Tantras, Shunyata and Bodhicitta of Buddhism, Ain Soph and Kether in the Qabalah. Like Crowley, other followers of Thelema make free use of the methods and practices of other traditions, including alchemy, astrology, qabalah, tantra, tarot, and yoga, according to their own wills.

Some groups say that they are true to Crowley's system (such as A∴A∴ and Ordo Templi Orientis). Some groups build upon his teachings, expanding upon and extending them. For example, the Fraternitas Saturni (Brotherhood of Saturn), founded in 1928 in Germany, accepts the Law of Thelema, but extends it with the phrase "Mitleidlose Liebe!" ("Compassionless love!"). The Thelema Society, also in Germany, accepts Liber Legis and much of Crowley's work on magick, while also including the ideas of other thinkers, such as Friedrich Nietzsche, Charles S. Peirce, Martin Heidegger, and Niklas Luhmann. In America, the writings of Maggie Ingalls (Nema) have started a movement called Maat Magick, along with a group called the Horus-Maat Lodge, founded in 1979. This movement combines elements of Thelema with Nema's system based on the Egyptian goddess Ma'at. She wrote her own holy book titled "Liber Pennae Praenumbra." They aim to combine the current Aeon of Horus with the future Aeon of Ma'at in which mankind will achieve balance.

Most of Thelemic writing was written by Aleister Crowley. He wrote many books. Many of them were on the subject of Thelema. During his time, there were a few other people who wrote on the subject, including Charles Stansfeld Jones and J.F.C. Fuller. Since his death in 1947 only a few new writers have written on the subject:

Thelema has been attracting more attention in recent years from scholars of religion, especially those interested in new religious movements, contemporary Gnosticisms and Hermeticisms. References at the end of this article supply a few such sources. Perhaps the most unusual attempt was made by bishop Federico Tolli, in his German book "Thelema – Im Spannungsfeld zwischen Christentum, Logentradition und New Aeon" For Tolli, Thelema is to be regarded as the dialectical consequence of Christianity. Christianity for Tolli exists as a community in Christ, whereas Tolli sees Thelema as a necessarily individualistic response to the world.

Taken from a 1938 theological dictionary (to the New Testament), the idea of 'salvation history' "(Heilsgeschichte)" has a great effect on Tolli's thought. Tolli regards Crowley's "Heilsgeschichte" as one in which the whole Universe (ergo the Will of God) is to combine (analogous to the Alchemical formula 'coagula'). "Love", in the form of combinatory attraction ("Love is the law, love under will"), is a universal principle – therefore akin to the concept of Natural religion. The main difference (for Tolli) is that in Christianity salvation of the entire Universe ("Ganzheit") cannot be made by 'solipsistic' man. The bishop sees Crowley as a failed – however talented – artist or "Mystagogie", but not as a "Satanist". It was Tolli who first said that the genuine meaning and idea of Thelema does not necessarily contradict the teachings of Jesus, as Crowley himself affirms.




Svecchachara

Svecchachara is the Sanskrit equivalent of the Greek word Thelema, interpreted by Aleister Crowley as "Do What Thou Wilt."

In the first volume of the TWILIGHT YOGA, "Ecstasy, Equipoise, and Eternity", Shri Gurudev Mahendranath wrote,


Ole Nydahl

Ole Nydahl (born 19 March 1941 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is the founder and leader of Diamond Way Buddhism, an organisation in the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism. Since the 1970s he has travelled the world teaching and founding meditation centres.
Ole Nydahl’s first teacher was the Drukpa-Kagyu master Lopon Tsechu Rinpoche. In December 1969, Ole Nydahl and his late wife, Hannah Nydahl met the 16th Karmapa, Rangjung Rigpe Dorje, a renowned yogi and the head of the Karma Kagyu lineage. They were among the first Western students of the 16th Karmapa. Ole Nydahl is also a student of Shamar Rinpoche.

Ole Nydahl has written several books in either English or German which have been translated into several European languages.

Most popular English titles:


Tank (Taiwanese singer)

Tank (real name 呂建中 Lǚ Jiàn Zhōng, born February 6 1982) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter. He is currently signed to HIM International Music, which also manages famous singers and groups like S.H.E, Fahrenheit and Power Station. Tank's first album, "Fighting 生存之道" was released on 23 February 2006.

Tank was born in Taitung, Taiwan. He is an aboriginal Taiwanese. Before releasing his debut album, Tank helped write songs for Vic Zhou and S.H.E, among many other famous C-Pop artists. By the age of 21, he was already well known for composing more than 200 songs.

He bloomed into fame when two songs he composed, "三國戀" ("Romance of Three Kingdoms") and "給我你的愛" ("Give Me Your Love"), were used as theme songs for Taiwanese TV shows. Another song, titled as "千年淚", was used as an ending theme for the drama serial 天外飛仙. His second album "Keep Fighting!" ("延長比賽") was released on 19 January 2007. His single, "My Angel", was used for an ending theme of romantic comedy series Hana Kimi.

Tanks has released two albums.
Tank is currently writing his third album. It is set to be released later in 2008


Mayday

Mayday () is one of the biggest alternative rock bands in the Taiwanese pop culture. Mayday sing songs mostly in Mandarin and sometimes in Taiwanese language.

Before Mayday's official debut in 1998, the band sung in local restaurants and clubs. Mayday became famous with their 1999 single "志明與春嬌". In the same year, on 28 August, they held a concert at the Chungshan Soccer Stadium, gaining fame in other countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia.

In 2001, they took a break from performing. In the August of 2003, Mayday was reunited and they held a reunion concert the Chungshan Soccer Stadium, the very place where they held their debut concert. 40,000 fans attended the concert, breaking Taiwan's record for the largest number of fans at a concert, a record previously held by pop star Michael Jackson.

Near the end of 2006, on 29 December, they released their 6th studio album, "Born to Love". They made a surprise announcement not long after the album's release, that they would not hold autograph sessions but instead, would hold concerts in Taiwan. The tickets were included in albums which the fans bought. They held ten concerts to let all the fans see them. On the night after the concert, despite saying that they will not hold any autograph sessions, they did - the sessions lasted for 11 hours from New Year's Eve to New Year's Day, making that autograph session to be the first of the year 2007.

Ashin
Ashin is well known for his unique vocals and his insightful lyrics. He has composed and written songs for other artists, such Fish Leong, Wang Lee Hom and Twins (band). In 2006, Ashin wrote a book titled "Happy.Birth.Day", a collection of "rock poems." Ashin also designs Mayday's concert shirts. In addition, he has also designed a perfume.

Monster
The leader of Mayday, Monster is in charge of daily operation of the band.

Stone
The first married member of Mayday, Stone is well known for his love for his wife to whom he proposed to at their 2001 concert. He claims he would leave Mayday if his wife asked him to.

Masa
Masa is known for being outspoken. His is also well known for his eccentric words and wit. He has also been romantically linked to Fish Leong.

Ming
He is the 4th drummer of Mayday. His birth name is Yan Ming, but he changed his name to Guan You because of a fortune-teller to be luckier. However, according to him, it does not seemed to have worked. He proposed to his girlfriend during a Mayday concert in Beijing in November 2005 and was married in June 2006. His daughter was born in October 2006. He became the first father among the five members of Mayday.


Der Dativ ist dem Genitiv sein Tod

Der Dativ ist dem Genitv sein Tod (German: "the dative case is the genitive case's death") is a book series written by Bastian Sick which deals with doubtful cases of grammar, orthography, and punctuation. Because of that, the writer wants to fight against unthinking habit and what he believes to be a change to a lower state of the language. The book came from a collection of Zwiebelfisch-collumns of Bastian Sick, which appear weekly in the Spiegel Online. At present, the second and third volumes are available. The volumes are from one time to another at the top of book sales lists.

In several states of Germany, writings from the books have been officially recognized as teaching documents after Sick's foreword was used in Saarland in August 2005.

"Eats, Shoots & Leaves" written by Lynne Truss is a book which in a similarly popular style discusses punctuation in English. In Sweden, a similar book, which is based on Lynne Truss' book, has come out, describing the interesting aspects of the Swedish pronunciation.


Made of Bricks

Made of Bricks is the first album by the British singer-songwriter, Kate Nash. It was released on 6 August 2007 on Fiction Records. It reached number one in the UK album charts.

The album was released five weeks earlier than first planned due to the popularity of the single "Foundations". In its opening week of sales the album sold over 56,000 copies, and was certified gold.
The album has now been certified Platinum in the UK for sales of over 300,000. It has sold over 450,000 copies worldwide.



Matinée (album)

Matinée is the first album from British singer-'songwriter Jack Peñate. It was released on October 8, 2007 on XL Recordings.


Radio 1's Live Lounge

Radio 1's Live Lounge is an album of live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show. It contains both covers and the bands' own songs.




Sula Sgeir

Sula Sgeir is a small, uninhabited Scottish island in the North Atlantic. One of the most remote of the British Isles. The island is inhospitable to humans. There is a ruined stone house called Taigh Beannaichte (Blessed House) on the east headland Sgeir an Teampall, the island is formed by pieces of rocks, where are often hard to walk on. Sula Sgeir is a National Nature Reserve since 1956. It is an important place for birds.

The most famous part of island are the caves, which can be explored.

There are 5,000 breeding pairs of gannets on Sula Sgeir, which they share with other bird species such as Black-legged Kittiwakes, guillemots, puffins and fulmars.

Antiderivative

Antidifferentiation (also called indefinite integration) is the process of finding a certain function in calculus. It is the opposite of differentiation. It is a way of processing a function to give another function (or class of functions) called an antiderivative. Antidifferentiation is like integration—but without limits. This is why it is called indefinite integration. When represented as single letters, antiderivatives often take the form of capital roman letters such as formula_1 and formula_2.

In general, an antiderivative is written in the form formula_3, where:


A function of the form formula_8 can be integrated (antidifferentiated) as follows:


This can be shown as:

formula_15 (also known as the power rule of integral)

When there are many terms, we can integrate the entire function by integrating its components one by one:

formula_16

Changing fractions and roots into powers makes it easier:

To integrate a bracket like formula_22, a different method is needed. It is called the chain rule. It is like simple integration, but it only works if the formula_5 in the bracket is linear (has a power of 1), such as formula_5 or formula_25—but "not" formula_26 or formula_27.

For example, formula_28 can be determined in the following steps:


formula_36

formula_37


Baucau

Baucau is a city in East Timor (Timor Leste). It is east of the capital, Dili. About 16,000 people live there. That makes it the second biggest town in East Timor. It is served by the Cakung Airport. The town was first started by Portugal as a trading center.

1 BC

Year 1 was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. Some sources list it as a common year starting on either Friday or Saturday. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Piso.




Data Protection Act 2018

The Data Protection Act 2018 (c 29) is a law passed by the British government in 2018, and replaces the one passed in 1998. 

It sets out rules for people who use or store data about living people and gives rights to those people whose data has been collected. The law applies to data held on computers or any sort of storage system, even paper records. 

The law covers personal data which are facts like your address, telephone number, e-mail address, job history etc. 

People who use the information are called "data controllers". People who the data is about are called "data subjects".

This is a brief simplified summary of the main principles of the UK Data Protection Act.

This applies to information kept on staff, customers and account holders, for example;



Nontrinitarianism

Nontrinitarism is a movement that rejects the idea of the Christian Trinity. That idea says that God is three different persons in one being. 

There are several movements which can be classified as Nontrinitarian. At the First Council of Nicaea, in the year 325, people met and defined the idea of trinity. Some movements started before the council. Nontrinitarianism was later renewed in the Gnosticism of the Cathars in the 11th through 13th centuries, in the Age of Enlightenment of the 18th century, and in Restorationism during the 19th century.

Modern-day versions are usually called Unitarianism. 

Daegu

Daegu (대구, also spelled Taegu, officially called Daegu Metropolitan City) is a city in South Korea. It is between Seoul and Busan, but is closer to Busan. Daegu is the fourth largest city in South Korea. About 2.4 million people live in Daegu. Of South Korea's 16 cities and provinces, Daegu is the poorest in terms of GDP per capita 2010 at $18,887 according to the IMF. However, Suseong district , is one of the wealthiest districts in the nation. It is also renowned for ultracompetitive and mostly gender-segregated public high schools, following closely the School District Eight in Gangnam and with their performance. Therefore, the wealth disparity within the city is wider than many other cities in Korea. For example, even though Daegu has the lowest GDP per capita, Daegu has the third largest percentage of residents who has the net asset higher than 1 Billion KRW, following Seoul and Busan and followed by Gyeonggi Province. Suseong district topped all other districts in metropolitan areas, minus Seoul.

Daegu residents are also regarded by all other South Koreans as the widely ultraconservative.

In 1995, 101 people were killed by gas explosions. In 2003, 192 people were killed in a subway fire.

Daegu has a humid subtropical climate ("Cwb" in the Koeppen climate classification). Summer is hot, with very high rainfall. Daegu is one of the hottest cities in Korea. Winters are dry and cool.

Palgong Mountain is north of Daegu. It is famous for Donghwa Temple and Gatbawi. Gatbawi is a statue of Buddha. 
Apsan(Ap Mountain), also called Daedeok Mountain has many well known restaurants. It is a good place to hike. Many hikers visit the Apsan Mountain. The downtown area of Daegu is Dongseongro. There is a festival every year in June. It also is the shopping center of Daegu. Woobang Tower Land is an amusement park with many rides and roller coasters. Daegu is also famous for having Daegu Stadium where the World Cup tournament was held in 2002.

Daegu was the known for apples in Korea before 1990. Daegu has a herbal medicine market located in a street 1 kilometre long. The textile (cloth) industry was the primary industry from the 1960s but has seen drastic decline to the present day.. People in Daegu enjoy food. One example is ddeokbokki. Ddeokboki is a Korean rice cake with spicy red pepper sauce and vegetables. Foods in Daegu are usually more spicy and salty than in other cities.

Daegu is widely regard by majority of Koreans and its own residents as the most conservative in its approach to values and life. A fact that is widely broad up and which all of Daegu people are proud of. Every district within the city shares a similar theme in its collection of business- Phone Retails Shops, Ghim-bab cheap food shops, plant shops, Paris Bagguette or Tour Les Jours chain bakeries, Karaoke dens which sometimes double as "good-time" business clubs, family owned and operated pharmacies, Korean Barbecue eateries.

Non-Korean citizens do not open businesses of any size within the city because city legislation dictates that two or more Koreans are required be partnered to the businesses. The effect is every functioning business is owned and envisioned solely by a South Korean national.

Unlike more famous cities such as Seoul or Busan, there is a single, homogeneous dominant culture in Daegu - Right-wing orthodox South Korean ultra-conservatives.

Foreign nationals form only three classes of long-term residents:
In descending numbers: 
(1) US Army personnel and their families garrisoned within three giant military bases located in Daegu.
(2) Immigrant workers typically from Uzbekistan and Philippines hired to labour cheaply in Seo-Gu factories (all of West Daegu).
(3) Foreign English teachers from the USA or UK clustering together. The white-skinned is held by local Daegu beliefs in improved teaching quality derived, and also a point of bragging to others - a popular Daegu boast, "My son has a white-skinned English teacher.".

Short-term residents:
(1) Japanese & Chinese National exchange or language students (closest neighbours) who will find the racial climate: emotional & touchy. Japanese: averages 3 to 4 months before permanent departure. Chinese: 7–9 months before permanent departure, or VISA expiration and deportation.
(2) Adventurous backpackers passing through for two days as they tour the Korean Peninsula.

Interstate 10

Interstate 10 (or I-10) is a long Interstate Highway which the west side ends at Santa Monica, California (near Los Angeles), and the other side ends at Jacksonville, Florida. In Texas, it is one of the routes which the speed limit is per hour. The route is long and travels through 8 states. It is the fourth longest Interstate Highway in the United States after I-90, I-80, and I-40.


Ranked list of Dominican provinces

These are ranked lists of the Provinces of Dominican Republic. Population figures areas are taken from the report on the 2010 census.

The percentages (%) mean how much of the country the province has (population and area).

Miranda Cosgrove

Miranda Taylor Cosgrove (born May 14, 1993) is an American actress and recording artist. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She first started her career in 1998 in various commercials. She is best known for her roles as Megan Parker in "Drake and Josh", Summer Hathaway in "School of Rock" and her lead role as Carly Shay in Nickelodeon's "iCarly". She has also guest-starred in shows like "Zoey 101". She also had her debut soundtrack album called "Sparks Fly" in April 2010 and "High Maintenance" in March 2011. She is also best known for voicing Margo in the Despicable Me films.

Old Believers

In the Russian Orthodox church history, the Old Believers (, read "starovery" or "staroobryadtsy") became separated after 1666-1667. They split from the hierarchy of the Russian Orthodox Church as a protest against church reforms introduced by Patriarch Nikon. Old Believers continue liturgical practices which the Russian Orthodox Church followed before the reform. 
Russian-speakers refer to the schism itself as "raskol" (раскол). This word comes from a Russian word "расколоться", that means "to cleave apart").

Patriarch Nikon (1605-1681; 1651-1658 as patriarch) wanted to bring the Russian Orthodox Church and the Greek Orthodox Church closer together. For this reason, he changed a few rituals and texts in 1651. These changes were made to the Russian rituals to be closer to the Greek ones of Nikon's time. According to the Old Believers, Nikon did this without the support of the clergy. and without a council. When the changes were done, people who still practised the old rites were persecuted. 

81 (number)

Eighty-one is a number. It comes between eighty and eighty-two, and is an odd number. It is also a square number.

Province of Florence

The Province of Florence (in Italian: "Provincia di Firenze") was a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The province has an area of 3,514 sq. km and a population of 933,860 (2001) in 44 "comuni".

Much of the province is in the plain of the Arno river that became an urban centre around the city of Florence.

The city (in Italian "comune") of Florence is the capital of both the province and the region of Tuscany.


In Florence:

In Empoli:

In Castelfiorentino:

In Fucecchio:

In Bagno a Ripoli:



Province of Arezzo

Province of Arezzo (Italian: Provincia di Arezzo) is the eastern most province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of province of Arezzo is the city of Arezzo.

The province has an area of 3,232 km², and a total population of 323,288 (2001) in 39 "comuni" (singular: "comune").


Province of Grosseto

Province of Grosseto (Italian: "Provincia di Grosseto") is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Grosseto. In the province, there is The Natural Park of Maremma. It is in the famous area of Maremma.

The province has an area of 4,504 km² and a total population of 211,086 (2001). There are 28 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province

As of June 2005, the main comuni by population are:


Old Catholic Church

The Old Catholic Church is a name for a group of Christian churches. Most of them are from German-speaking countries. Their beliefs are close to that of the Anglican Church.

They split from the Roman Catholic Church in the 1870s. This was because the First Vatican Council had said the pope was infallible. The Council was from 1869 to 1870. The word Old Catholic was first used in 1853 for the See of Utrecht (who was not under the authority of the pope). Usually, these churches are part of the Union of Utrecht.

Province of Livorno

The Province of Livorno (Italian: "Provincia di Livorno") is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Livorno.

The province has an area of 1,218 km², and a total population of 326,444 (2001). There are 21 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province.


Province of Lucca

Province of Lucca () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Lucca.

The province has an area of 1,773 km², and a total population of 372,244 (2001). There are 35 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province.


Province of Massa-Carrara

The province has an area of 1,157 km² and a total population of 200,695 (2005). There are 17 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province. The main "comuni" by population are:

The economy of the province is based on the production of the famous white Carrara marble.



Province of Pisa

The Province of Pisa () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Pisa.

The province has an area of . In 2005, 394,101 people lived there. There are 39 "comuni" in the province.

Pisa is well known for the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa,which is in the city.


Wave–particle duality

Wave–particle duality is a concept in physics. It's the idea that there are things that are both waves and particles.

Physicists who studied light in the 1700s and 1800s had an argument about whether light was made of particles or waves. Light seems to act like both. At times, light seems to go only in a straight line, as if it were made of particles. But other experiments show that light has a frequency and wavelength, just like a sound wave or water wave. Until the 20th century, most physicists thought that light was either one or the other, and that the scientists on the other side of the argument were simply wrong.

Max Planck, Albert Einstein, Louis de Broglie, Arthur Compton, and Niels Bohr worked on this problem. Current scientific theory is that all particles act both like waves and like particles. This has been verified for elementary particles, and for compound particles like atoms and molecules. For macroscopic particles, because of their extremely short wavelengths, wave properties usually cannot be detected.

In 1909, a scientist named Geoffrey Taylor decided that he was going to settle this argument once and for all. He borrowed an experiment invented earlier by Thomas Young, where light was shone through two small holes right next to each other. When bright light was shone through these two small holes, it created an "interference pattern" that seemed to show that light was actually a wave.

Taylor's idea was to take a photo of the light coming out of the holes with a special camera that was unusually sensitive to light. When bright light was shone through the holes, the photo showed an interference pattern, just like Young showed earlier. Taylor then turned down the light to a very dim level. When the light was dim enough, Taylor's photos showed tiny pinpoints of light scattering out of the holes. This seemed to show that light was actually a particle. If Taylor allowed the dim light to shine through the holes for long enough, the dots eventually filled up the photo to make an interference pattern again. This demonstrated that light was somehow "both" a wave "and" a particle.

Louis de Broglie suggested that matter might act the same way. Scientists then performed these same experiments with electrons, and found that electrons too are somehow both particles and waves. Electrons can be used to do Young's double-slit experiment.

Today, these experiments have been done in so many different ways by so many different people that scientists simply accept that both matter and light are somehow both waves and particles. Scientists are still unsure about how this can be, but they are quite certain it must be true. Although it seems impossible to understand how anything can be both a wave and a particle, scientists do have a number of equations for describing these things that have variables for both wavelength (a wave property) and momentum (a particle property). This seeming impossibility is referred to as the wave–particle duality.

Wave–particle duality means that all particles show both wave and particle properties. This is a central concept of quantum mechanics. Classical concepts like "particle" and "wave" do not fully describe the behavior of quantum-scale objects.

An electron has a wavelength called the "de Broglie wavelength". It can be calculated using the equation

formula_1

formula_2 is the de Broglie wavelength.

formula_3 is Planck's constant

formula_4 is the momentum of the particle.

This made the idea that electrons in atoms show a standing wave pattern.

The photoelectric effect shows that a light photon which has enough energy (a high enough frequency), can cause an electron to be released off a metal's surface. Electrons in this case can be called photoelectrons.


Province of Pistoia

The Province of Pistoia () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.

The capital of the province is the city of Pistoia. The province has an area of 965 km² and a total population of 268,503 (2001). There are 22 "communes" in the province.


Province of Prato

The Province of Prato () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Prato. It was formed from part of the province of Florence in 1992.

The province has an area of 365 km² and a total population of 227,886 (2001). There are 7 comune (municipalities) in the province.



War of the Pacific

The War of the Pacific (or Saltpeter War) took place from 1879-1883. It grew out of a dispute between Bolivia and Peru against Chile over control of a part of the Pacific coast. The disputed area was part of the Atacama Desert that lies between the 23rd and 26th parallels. The territory contained valuable mineral resources, mainly potassium nitrate, which were exploited by Chilean companies and British interests. The Bolivian government decided to increase taxes to take advantage of the increasing income of the region, which led to a commercial dispute.

The early part of the war was mostly at sea, and the late part mostly on land. Chile won, and Bolivia lost its access to the ocean and became landlocked.

Province of Siena

The Province of Siena () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Siena.

The province has an area of 3,821 km² (1475 mile²) and a total population of 252,288 (2001). There are 36 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province. At June 30, 2005, the main "comuni" by population are:
The province is divided into seven historical areas:


Johannes Ockeghem

Johannes Ockeghem (born Saint-Ghislain, near Mons, Belgium about 1410; died Tours, France, 6 February 1497), was the most famous composer of the Franco-Flemish School (from around the area which is now Belgium) in the last half of the 15th century, and is often thought of as the most important composer between Dufay and Josquin des Prez. He was an excellent choirmaster and teacher. He spent most of his life working for the French royal court.

The name Ockeghem is found with many different spellings in old documents. He was almost certainly born in the town of Saint-Ghislain. His native language was probably French.

Like many composers in this period, he started to learn about music by singing in a church choir, quite possibly in Saint-Ghislain and then in Mons. 

His first important job was working for Charles I, Duke of Bourbon in Moulins, (France). Then in 1451 he went to work for King Charles VII of France. By this time he was well known as a singer and composer. He worked for the royal court for more than 50 years and was rewarded with promotions and honours. Charles VII gave him important jobs. After Charles VII’s death Louis XI became king. He reigned for a long time and Ockeghem was in favour with the king. He often travelled with the king, visiting places such as Cambrai and even as far as Spain. He met famous people including the composers Dufay and Binchois. He also had other jobs in Paris.

Louis XI died in 1483. We do not kinow much about where Ockeghem went after that, but he probably died in Tours because that is where he left his will.

Ockeghem was not a composer who wrote lots of music, but it is hard to tell as some of it might have got lost. There are 14 masses that survive and other vocal works. His "Missa pro Defunctis" is the earliest surviving polyphonic Requiem. Ockeghem based many of his masses on well-known tunes in a way that is called “cantus firmus technique”. Sometimes he put the borrowed tunes in the lowest part (he sang bass himself). This was rather unusual.

Ockeghem’s music influenced Josquin des Prez and other composers from Flanders and the Netherlands. 

When Ockeghem died Josquin Des Prez composed a motet called "La déploration de la mort de Johannes Ockeghem" in his honour. The music theorist Johannes Tinctoris described him as a great musician and one of the best singers he knew. Many younger composers used some of Ockeghem’s melodies as a base for their own compositions. In the Renaissance this kind of borrowing from the music ofc another composer was thought to be a great honour.


Group 16 element

Group 16 is the third last group in the periodic table. This group is called the oxygen family or the chalcogens. The elements in this group are oxygen, sulfur, selenium, tellurium, polonium and livermorium. The first two elements are nonmetals, elements are in between are metalloids and the last two are metals Polonium and livermorium are radioactive. Oxygen (as O) is a colorless gas. 

Magadino

Magadino was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Maggia

Maggia could mean:


Maggia (municipality)

Maggia is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The actual municipality was created in 2004 on April 27 by merger of the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Maggia, Moghegno and Someo.


Historikerstreit

The Historikerstreit (Historians' dispute) was an intellectual and political controversy in West Germany about the way the Holocaust should be interpreted in history. It took place between 1986-1989, and pitted left-wing intellectuals against right-wing intellectuals. Its embers flared up again briefly in 2000 when one of the leading figures, Ernst Nolte, was awarded a literary prize. "Die Vergangenheit, die nicht vergehen will" proposed by Ernst Nolte, had to be rejected as inadequate due to their lack of sufficient empirical substance.


Jury

A jury is a group of ordinary people, who aren't employees of the court, who decide the answer to a question in a court room. Usually, this question is whether a person is guilty or innocent of committing a crime. A jury may also be responsible for deciding a penalty for the person if they are found guilty. Normally, all members of the jury have to agree on the decision. Sometimes, the jury can still make a decision even if a few members don't agree with it. However, if the jury is quite clearly divided, the result is known as a "hung jury" and the case is not decided. A member of a jury is called a juror. A juror is supposed to be impartial. This means that he or she is to be fair and listen to both sides of the story without deciding what side they will take ahead of time. Some people can not become members of a jury and others have the right to ask not to be made a member. People who can not be members are those which have a mental illness and people who can ask not to be made a juror include doctors and religious persons.

Under the common law juries have a right that is not often used. If they think that the law under which a person is charged is wrong they can use jury nullification to set the person free. Whilst this is a right juries have it is unlawful for a lawyer to explain this to a jury, they must know about it on their own.

In the United States there are primarily two types of juries which are the finder of facts in a trial:

A jury in the United Kingdom is made up of 12 people for criminal cases and 10 people for civil cases (or 15 people in Scotland) these people are selected at random and are British citizens with no criminal record. Members are chosen from the electoral register for their local area and those chosen must attend jury duty.

In the United States, juries are made up of 12 regular people from the area in which the trial is held and are not members of the court system. They are paid a small amount for their service.

Pocahontas

Pocahontas (born around 1595buried on 21 March 1617) was a Native American. She maintained relations between the Indians of Virginia and the colonists who built a fort and settlement on the James River called Jamestown in 1607. Legend says she saved John Smith's life when her father, Powhatan, was about to kill him.

During a war with the Indians, she was captured and held for ransom. She was baptized Rebecca and improved her English language skills during captivity. In 1614 she married tobacco planter John Rolfe. They had a son Thomas. In 1616 the family went to London where Pocahontas became a celebrity. She died at Gravesend and was buried in England on 21 March 1617.

The year of Pocahontas's birth is unknown, but Camilla Townsend, author of "Pocahontas and the Powhatan Dilemma", suggests that she was born about 1597. Her father was Powhatan, the chief of an alliance of tribes in Virginia. Her mother was a woman of no social importance. Pocahontas was named Amonute. By the age of ten, the child was nicknamed Pocahontas, which means "playful one". She had a name known only to her parents. It may have been Makoata.

Her childhood was much like the childhood of others in the alliance. She took care of siblings, she cooked, she tanned hides, she searched for berries and other edible foods, she tended the corn, beans, and squashes in the gardens of her people. In the evenings, she listened to songs and stories about the gods and her people's past. She wove cords from fibers while sitting at the fireside with girls.

Pocahontas was about ten years old when, in April 1607, colonist Captain John Smith arrived in Virginia. He and his men built a settlement called Jamestown. In December 1607, Smith was captured by an Indian party. He was taken to Powhatan's village. He enjoyed a feast and a talk with Powhatan. He did not meet Pocahontas.

Pocahontas made friends with Smith and the colonists. She often went to the settlement. When the colonists were starving, Pocahontas supplied them with food. As the settlement grew, the Indians felt their lands were threatened. Conflicts arose. In late 1609, Smith returned to England. The settlers told the Indians that Smith was dead. Pocahontas stopped visiting Jamestown. She later learned that he was alive in England.

The story of Pocahontas saving Smith's life by placing her head upon his own as her father was about to kill him is a fiction created by Smith in 1616. He wrote "... at the minute of my execution, she [Pocahontas] hazarded the beating out of her own brains to save mine; and not only that, but so prevailed with her father, that I was conducted to Jamestown." A romance between Pocahontas and Smith is also a fiction created by mythmakers in the early 19th century.

As Jamestown expanded and settlements were built along the James, conflicts between the Indians and the English arose. In April 1613, Captain Samuel Argall learned Pocahontas was visiting a village on the Potomac River. He lured her aboard his ship and made her captive. Argall demanded the release of Powhatan's prisoners and the return of weapons and tools.

Powhatan took no action. Pocahontas's captivity lasted about a year. She improved her English skills during this time. She embraced Christianity and the way of life. When her father released his prisoners and returned some tools, Pocahontas rebuked him for valuing axes and firearms more than his daughter. She told her people that she would rather remain with the English.

Helen Rountree writes that Pocahontas began menstruating sometime in 1610. She then married a warrior and commoner named Kocoum. It is unknown where the couple lived or if they had children. This marriage ended by custom when she was captured by the English in 1613.

Pocahontas met 28 year old colonist John Rolfe during her captivity in Henricus. Rolfe was a widower and a successful tobacco planter. He was a gentle and pious man. He wrote a letter to the governor asking permission to marry Pocahontas. He expressed both his love for her and his belief that he would be saving her soul. He assured the governor that he was "motivated not by the desire of affection (attraction), but for the good of this plantation, for the honor of our country, for the Glory of God, for my salvation."

In early April 1614, Pocahontas declared herself a Christian. She was baptized. Her name would be Rebecca. Pocahontas and Rolfe were married on 5 April 1614 at either the church in Jamestown or in Henricus. The couple lived at Rolfe's plantation on Hog Island. This plantation was located across the James River from Jamestown. They had one child, Thomas Rolfe. His birthdate and birthplace are not known. He could have been born in either America or England. The marriage created peace between the colonists and Powhatan's confederacy of tribes for years.

The English wanted to promote investment in the colony. Pocahontas was taken to England in 1616 with a few Indians. She served as a symbol of the tamed New World "savage", and the success of the settlement. John Smith did not meet Pocahontas in London, but he urged Queen Anne to treat her with the respect due a visitor. He suggested that if she were mistreated, she might spurn Christianity. In addition, England might lose the chance to gain a kingdom through her means. Pocahontas was then treated to events, balls and entertainments, and the company of well ladies.

The Bishop of London entertained her with pomp beyond what he offered to other ladies. Although Pocahontas was not a princess, she was presented as a princess to the public. Many English at this time recognized Powhatan to be the ruler of an empire, and they accorded to his daughter what they considered status. The cleric Samuel Purchas recalled meeting Pocahontas in London. He wrote that she impressed those she met by her bearing.

In March 1617, the Rolfes boarded a ship bound for Virginia. Pocahontas became ill. As the ship approached Gravesend, it was obvious she was dying. She was taken to an inn on shore and died on 21 March 1617. Her funeral was held the same day at St. George's Church, Gravesend. Rolfe then set sail for Virginia. His two year old son Thomas was ill. Rolfe thought the boy would not survive a voyage. He left the boy in the care of Sir Lewis Stukely, an official at Plymouth, England. Thomas was picked up by Rolfe's brother Henry. The boy never saw his father again. Pocahontas was buried under the chancel of St. George's Church. In 1727, the church burned. The bones of Pocahontas were reburied in a grave in the churchyard. In the 1920s, attempts to identify Pocahontas's bones were unsuccessful.




Develier

Develier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Ederswiler

Ederswiler is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is the only German-speaking municipality in the canton, where all others are French-speaking.

Glovelier

Glovelier was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Glovelier, Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Soulce and Undervelier merged into the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.

Mervelier

Mervelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Korean

Korean can mean:


Prana

Prana is the vital air or breath of the human body in Hinduism. It is also the vital, life-sustaining force of both the individual body and the universe. Its was first written about in the Upanishads. Prana is in all living forms, but is not itself the soul.

The word prana means "breath" in Sanskrit.

In yoga, prana is divided into different type. There are said to be five pranas or vital currents. They are called prana, apana, vyana, udana and samana.

Sanga Monastery

The Sanga Monastery is a small Buddhist monastery near Lhasa, Tibet. Sanga Monastery was built in the ruins of the castle (or fort) Taktse (also Dagtse) Dzong (formerly Dechen Dzong) on the top of a hill. Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery to the east.

Sanga Monastery together with Ganden Monastery belong to the Geluk (Gelug-pa) order (also known as Yellow Hat Sect, lit. 'Virtuous'). The Yellow Hat Sect was started by Tsongkhapa (Tsong Khapa or Lobsang Drakpa), also known as Jé Rinpoché, 1357–1419. He was known as a writer and teacher.

Satguru

In some eastern religions, a Satguru (or Sadguru) is a person who is considered to have achieved enlightenment, and who can help others to achieve the same. The word means "true teacher" in Sanskrit (), "sat" meaning "true" and a guru meaning "teacher". The title means that his students have faith that the guru can be trusted and will lead them to moksha, nirvana or inner peace. It is based on a long line of Hindu understandings about the importance of the guru.

In the "Guru Gita", Shiva says to Parvati:


The Kularnava Tantra (XIV/65) states,
"It is very rare to find a Satguru who can give "Shaktipat" and rare to find a disciple worthy of receiving it. One gets such a Guru only as a result of past meritorious actions."

In the Upanishads, five signs of satguru (true guru) are mentioned.

In the presence of the satguru; Knowledge flourishes ("Gyana raksha"); Sorrow diminishes ("Dukha kshaya"); Joy wells up without any reason ("Sukha aavirbhava"); Abundance dawns ("Samriddhi"); All talents manifest ("Sarva samvardhan").

According to Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami, a Hindu Satguru is always a "sannyasin", an unmarried renunciate.


Physicist

A physicist is a scientist who studies physics.

Here are some famous physicists:


Western Roman Empire

The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire, which was divided by Diocletian in 286 AD. The other half of the Roman Empire became known as the Eastern Roman Empire.

The Roman Empire had been in difficulties since 190 AD, when large Gothic tribes began moving into areas under Roman control. The Empire had weak leadership, which caused instability. Various power groups in the Roman armies kept trying to install their own emperors and killed those who belonged to other groups. That helped the invasions by the Germanic tribes.

Ending Rome's crisis of the Third Century, Diocletian tried to bring back stable government by dividing the empire into sections. The Western Empire included Iberia, France, southern Britain, Italy, North Africa and parts of Germany. The Eastern Empire included the Balkans, Turkey, the Levant and Egypt.

Rome ceased to be the capital from the time of the division. In 286, the capital of the Western Roman Empire became Mediolanum (now Milan). In 402, the capital was again moved, this time to Ravenna.
The division did not help the Western Empire, which came under increasing invasions from the north: the Ostrogoths, Huns, Franks, Visigoths and Burgundians. Its armies were brought back towards Rome and abandoned Britain and France. The Empire's economy could not cope since the increased need for military spending caused inflation. Citizens were unhappy with the rising taxes and rising prices.

In AD 398, Alaric led the Visigoths and began making attacks closer and closer to the capital. By 410, he had sacked Rome. In 455, the Vandals captured the city. In 476, the Goths captured the city.

The fall of the Western Roman Empire took place in 476 AD, when the leader of the Goths, Odoacer, removed Emperor Romulus Augustus. Odoacer became King of Italy, and the Western Roman Empire ended. By then, however, the empire had existed in name only, and the Emperor no longer had military, financial or political power.



Ravenna

Ravenna is a city and "comune" in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. The city is inland, but is connected to the Adriatic Sea by a canal. Ravenna once was the seat of the Western Roman Empire and later the Ostrogothic kingdom. It is presently the capital of the province of Ravenna. At 652.89 km² (252.08 sq mi), Ravenna is the second-largest "comune" in land area in Italy, although it is only a little more than half the size of the largest, Rome.


Ravenna (disambiguation)

Ravenna is name of

Ravenna is the name of several places in the world:






Social democracy

Social democracy is a political ideology within socialism . The ideology is named from democracy where people have a say in government actions and it works to reform capitalist economy while also helping people in need by providing healthcare, education and social welfare. This makes it easier for people to support themselves in society by having more protection if they are unemployed or fall into poverty. As a ideology within socialism, it places an emphasis on equal rights for everyone, and there is plenty of government ownership or regulation of various industries to protect the public interest. The ideology's movement has seen some interest in other countries whose economic systems do not work this way, because it has worked well for those who have it. 

Social democracy is supportive of Keynesian economics, where the government should step in and help people in need or without jobs. Social democracy strives to achieve a balance between capitalism and socialism or a balance between the public sector and private sector in the economy.

Some would argue that neither were capitalist systems empty of help for the poor and the needy. An example is England, where relief for the poor was available in every parish in the land, long before there were any government social services. The practice was known as charity. Also, Britain saw the growth of an important middle class after industrialisation took hold. So it is not completely right to think of such societies as simply composed of owners and workers, or rich and poor.

Social democrats are divided in how they see their theory and it has been a subject of much debate around the world. Terms like "market socialism" and "the third way" are efforts to rethink what social democracy means today.


UEFA Europa League

The UEFA Europa League is a football tournament for teams that did not make the UEFA Champions League. They qualify by being not the best in the country and not making the best competition. For example in England, teams that finish after the first four teams can go to the Europa League. There is another option, which if you finish 3rd in the UEFA Champions League Group Stage, you will qualify for the last 32 in the Europa League, and the 3rd option is when a club which being eliminated from the UEFA Champions League 3rd round (Into the UEFA Europa League Playoff Round). In 2009, it was rebranded as the UEFA Europa League. It was previously known as the UEFA Cup. The winner of the UEFA Europa League plays the winner of the UEFA Champions League in the UEFA Super Cup.

Charlottenburg

Charlottenburg was an independent city to the west of Berlin until 1920. Then it was made part of Groß-Berlin (Greater Berlin) and turned into a borough.

As a part of the changes to the boroughs of Berlin in 2001 Charlottenburg was joined with Wilmersdorf to make the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf. In 2004, the new borough's districts were rearranged. The former borough of Charlottenburg was divided into the localities of Westend, Charlottenburg-Nord and Charlottenburg. In addition to that, Charlottenburg features a number of popular kiezes.

Charlottenburg is best known for Charlottenburg Palace, the largest surviving royal palace in Berlin.

Charlottenburg celebrated its 300th anniversary in 2005.

Charlottenburg is located along the river Spree within the Berlin-Warsaw glacial valley, west of the Tiergarten park. The "Straße des 17. Juni" (17th June Street), former "Charlottenburger Chaussee", which runs through the park, connects it with the historic centre of Berlin.

In 1695, Sophia Charlotte of Hanover got the district of Lietzow from her husband Elector Frederick III, in exchange for her estates in Caputh and Langerwisch, near Potsdam.

Frederick had a summer residence built for his wife by the architect Johann Arnold Nering between 1695 and 1699. In 1701, Frederick became the first Prussian King (Frederick I of Prussia), and he made the building much bigger

Just after the death of Sophie Charlotte, the village near the palace was called 'Charlottenburg' and the palace itself "Schloss Charlottenburg", and the settlement was chartered as a town. The king was the town's mayor until Lietzow was incorporated into Charlottenburg in 1720.

Frederick's successor, Frederick William I of Prussia, rarely stayed at the palace. Frederick William even tried to end the town's privileges. It was not until 1740, at the coronation of his successor Frederick II (Frederick the Great), that the town's became important again. The eastern New Wing was built by Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff between 1740 and 1747 as Frederick the Great's home. Later, Frederick II preferred the palace of Sanssouci, which he had partly designed himself.

When Frederick II died in 1786, his nephew Frederick William II succeeded him, and Charlottenburg became his favourite residence, as it was for his son and successor Frederick William III.

After the defeat of the Prussian army at Jena in 1806, Charlottenburg was occupied by the French. Napoleon occupied the palace, while his troops camped nearby.

In the late 18th century, Charlottenburg's development did not depend only on the crown. The town became a recreational area for the expanding city of Berlin. Its first real inn opened in the 1770s, in the street then called 'Berliner Straße' (now Otto-Suhr-Allee), and many other inns and beer gardens were to follow, popular for weekend parties especially.

Beside the palace, Charlottenburg is also home to the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church on the Breitscheidplatz, the fomer West Berlin landmark, the Kurfürstendamm and the Zoo railway station as well as the Deutsche Oper Berlin, one of the three Berlin opera houses.

Charlottenburg is twinned with

Magliaso

Magliaso is a municipality in the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Mairengo

Mairengo was a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Malvaglia

Malvaglia was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle. The reservoir Bacino di Val Malvaglia is found above the village.

Manno

Manno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Maroggia

Maroggia was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.

Massagno

Massagno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Medeglia

Medeglia was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010, the former municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino merged to form the new municipality of Monteceneri.

Melano

Melano was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.


Melide, Switzerland

Melide is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Melide is known world-wide for the famous Swissminiatur, a museum that shows famous buildings in Switzerland presented in miniature form.


Wilmersdorf

Wilmersdorf was a village near Berlin. In 1920 Wilmersdorf became a borough of Greater Berlin Groß Berlin. In 2001 it became a part of the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf. The Kurfürstendamm runs through the area. The former borough of Wilmersdorf included the localities Halensee, Schmargendorf and Grunewald.


Able Label

The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane, Australia.

Grant McLennan & Robert Forster of The Go-Betweens 
released their first two singles "Lee Remick" & "People Say" on it in 1978 and 1979. Later, it allowed other "Brisbane" groups, The Numbers (later to become The Riptides), The Apartments and the Four Gods to make their own records using the Able Label logo. 



Goosebumps

Goosebumps is a collection of children's horror fiction books written by R. L. Stine.

The "Goosebumps" series sometimes contained too much violence, so some American libraries disagreed with having the books there; the novels were fifteenth on the American Library Association's list of most frequently challenged books from 1990 to 1999.

After the series, many different spinoffs were made, also written by Stine, including "Give Yourself Goosebumps" and "Goosebumps: Series 2000" which appeared in 1995 and 1998.

Two board games were created after the "Goosebumps" series, these were called "Terror in the Graveyard" and "Escape from Horrorland". a 1996 PC game was also produced, entitled "Goosebumps: Escape from Horrorland".

Front covers and most other Goosebumps-related art was done by artist Tim Jacobus, while the covers for the later "Give Yourself Goosebumps" series were digitally created by Craig White.

In 2015, a movie based on the book was released starring Jack Black as R. L. Stine.

Azuli Records

Azuli Records is an independent record label, focusing on house music and other forms of electronic dance music. The label was founded by DJ Dave Piccioni in London, England in the early 1990s.

Releases include the Late Night Tales / Another Late Night DJ mix albums, and the "Choice" series.



Carluke

The town of Carluke is in the centre of the Scottish countryside in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, 5.4 miles North-West of Lanark and 5 miles South-East of Wishaw. Many people in Carluke are commuters, with a variety of small stores and supermarkets available at the centre of the town.

Three people who were born in the town have received the Victoria Cross. The inventor of "Slush Puppies" previously stayed on a street in Carluke. The famous ex-Motherwell striker Dougie Arnott lives in Carluke.

Marvel Universe

The Marvel Universe (MU) is a comic book fictional universe created by Marvel Comics. The MU is where most of the main stories published by Marvel Comics takes place. The MU is actually just one of an infinite number of different dimensions. Each one can be called a Marvel universe, but the term is commonly used for just one. This one is also called Earth-616 when looking at all the universes as a group. The other universes vary from very similar to the Earth-616 universe to completely different. This lets the writers create stories which have a large effect to the universe they take place in without affected the main universe used by all of the writers as a group. 

Runaways (comics)

Runaways is a Marvel Comics comic book series created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona. The series is about a group of teenagers who try to make up for the evil done by their supervillain parents by becoming superheroes. They are commonly called "the Pride's kids" or "those kids in L.A." by other characters in the Marvel Universe. This is because the team does not have an official name and the most of Marvel's characters are in New York.

In 2006, the series won the Harvey Award for best continuing/limited series.

In February 2007, series creators Vaughan and Alphona stopped making "Runaways" at issue #24 of the second series. In April 2007, long-time "Runaways" fan Joss Whedon (of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Angel" and "Firefly" fame) will take over the series for 6 issues. Marvel has said that Terry Moore, creator of "Strangers in Paradise" will take over after Whedon leaves, with Humberto Ramos on art.

"Runaways" was started in 2002 as part of Marvel Comics' "Tsunami" imprint. After Marvel cancelled the Tsunami imprint in January 2003, the series moved to the "Marvel Age" imprint. Because of this, the individual story arcs for "Runaways" are collected in small, manga-sized trade paperbacks. The hardcover collections are in normal sized books. In September 2004, the series ended at issue #18. Marvel started the series again in February 2005 and it has been published ever since.

The series is not usual in that it does not use the ideas of superhero names, uniforms, and team names. All the characters in the first series (except Alex) chose codenames, but they are used less and less throughout of vol. 1. In vol. 2, the codenames are mentioned once but never actually used. Molly is the only character who makes a costume but it is made from old bedsheets and clothes. She never wears the costume again after vol. 1 issue #8. During battle, the runaways mainly fight in their street clothes and call each other by their given names or nicknames. Also, the children never call themselves "The Runaways". Their team simply goes without a name. Other Marvel characters usually call the team "the Pride's kids" or "those kids in L.A." Vaughan even makes fun of common superhero sayings such as "Hulk smash!" or "Avengers assemble!" when Nico tells Victor that the team's rallying call is "Try not to die."




"Runaways" has been collected in the following digest-sized comic book collections trade paperbacks:

"Runaways" has also been collected in the following hardcovers:

Kreuzberg

Kreuzberg, south of Berlin-Mitte, was one of the best-known boroughs of Berlin, famous for its nightlife and its left-leaning electorate as well as its problems with crime the drug scene and a very high number of immigrants.

Kreuzberg consists of two different parts, the southeastern 'SO 36' (or simply '36') part and the southwest 'SW 61' (or simply '61'). Until the Berlin Wall fell, these were the last two numbers of the postal codes for the two areas.

It was a separate borough from 1920, when it became a part of Groß-Berlin, until the borughs were changed in 2001. Then it was joined with Friedrichshain to form the new borough of Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg. Since these two localities are linked only by a single bridge over the Spree river, the Oberbaumbrücke, this joining seemed awkward to many residents. The two areas could not agree on where the new borough's town hall should be. Friedrichshain was chosen by tossing a five-Mark coin.

Kreuzberg is known to many for numerous Turkish immigrants from eastern parts of Turkey, and the yearly May Day riots. This is because before the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, Kreuzberg was isolated. Its eastern parts were almost entirely surrounded by the Wall. This area consequently had cheap rents and lower-income families as well as squatters from the radical left. The western part of Kreuzberg also bordered onto the wall, and it was here where Checkpoint Charlie was.

Kreuzberg got its name is from its highest point, the Kreuzberg (literally, "cross hill"). It is of above sea level.. The hill was a traditional place for weekend trips, and had a lot of small restaurants for the visitors. The hill got its name from a monument built in 1821 by Karl Friedrich Schinkel. It was to remember the wars against Napoleon I of France.

After 1860 industry began moving into Kreuzburg. There was also an "Exportviertel" (export quarter) along Ritterstraße which had a lot of many profitable small businesses, and the "press quarter" along Kochstraße was the home of most of Germany's large newspapers as well as the Ullstein, Scherl, and Mosse book publishers.

Both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed during World War II, with the bombings of a single night from 3 February 1945. To remember old tradition, the Axel Springer press company built its new headquarters at Kochstraße again, right next to the Berlin Wall.

After World War II, Kreuzberg's housing rents were regulated by law, which made investments unattractive. As a result, housing was of low quality, but cheap, which made the borough a prime target for immigrants coming to Germany (and Berlin).


Civil War (comics)

Civil War was a large comic book story created by Marvel Comics. The story was the main focus of a seven issue series that started in May 2006 and ended in February 2007. It involved every major Marvel character and a large number of minor ones. Nearly every main Marvel title during this time dealt with this story. 

The story was about the United States dealing with an accident during a superhero battle that caused 613 deaths. To prevent this from happening again, the government created the Superhero Registration Act (SRA). This was a law that forced all people with superhuman powers to identify them self to the government. Many superheroes believed this was a good thing and that it would save lives. Others believed it was bad. They felt that if the government knew who they were, they would be in danger of others finding out. They believed that the SRA took away many of their freedoms. This caused the superheros to split into two groups. Those supporting the SRA were led by Iron Man. Those against it were led by Captain America.

Many people have compared the story of "Civil War" to that of the United States after 9/11 and the Patriot Act.

Brunstad Conference Center

Brunstad Conference Center (BCC) is a conference centre in Stokke, Vestfold in Norway. The centre is owned and managed by the Christian fellowship called "Den Kristelige menighet". They are often called "Smith's Friends". The Smith's friends bought the farm at Brunstad near Stokke in Melsomvik in 1956.

The center was used for their own conferences. In 2000 Smith's Friends, decided to let others use the building. The old meeting hall which seated 4,700 was replaced by a new meeting hall, with space for 6,800 people, and a tent camp with over 600 caravan spots was fixed and replaced with just as many cabins, which were rented by the members of the church.

Maintenance and development of Brunstad is still done by volunteers. During the building project and during arrangements, members are used as voluntary workers, or paid expenses. Money for the expansion project came for the most from the effort from the "A-lag" (A-team), where the church's youth from all over the world participate and do voluntarily work.

BCC is now a modern location for events and conferences. Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria style restaurant, a large coffee bar, and a grocery store.

BCC got a lot of stories in the media in 2004 when BCC bought Østre Bolærne island from the Norwegian Military. After a lot of media attention, BCC agreed to cancel the sale, and the town of Vestfold Fylkeskommune became the new owner. Instead, BCC was able to buy property on Syningen in Hallingdal.

Every year one of the biggest shows at Brunstad Conference Center is the Arctic Equestrian Games, Norway's biggest horse show. It was first held in February, 2006.


Stig Claesson

John Stig Claesson (June 2, 1928 – January 4, 2008) was a Swedish writer and illustrator. He also was known by his signature Slas.

Claesson was born on June 2, 1928 in Huddinge, south of Stockholm. He went to the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts between 1947 and 1952, when he began to illustrate Swedish classical books such as those written by Per Anders Fogelström. 

Claesson was the father of actor Leif Claesson. Stig died on January 4, 2008 in Stockholm.


Dagens Nyheter

Dagens Nyheter (DN) is a daily newspaper in Sweden. Based in the town of Stockholm, it was started on 23 December 1864.


Chihuahua (state)

Chihuahua is a state in Mexico.


Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom

Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom are part of the National Health Service (NHS) systems. They are run by local ambulance services, known in England and Wales as "trusts". Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have one ambulance service each; the Scottish Ambulance Service (a Special Health Board), the Welsh Ambulance Service, and the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service. England is divided into ten regional ambulance services.

NHS ambulance services must by law answer four types of requests for care, which are:

The ambulance services have getting more and more busy. There has been a big increase in the number calls in the last two decades, as shown in the table below:

The ambulance service's work has also been getting more complicated. In the past, the main job of an ambulance was to take people to hospital. This led to ambulance services being nicknamed the "Big White Taxi Service". Nowadays, ambulance staff do far more treatment with the patient. It is now common for patients to be left at home after being treated.

A similar service is NHS 111. This is a phone number for non-emergency medical advice. Many ambulance services employ the staff who answer 111 calls. In some cases, an ambulance may be sent to a 111 call if it is found to be more serious than expected.

Ambulance trusts may also carry out non-urgent patient transport services. This is done through a business agreement with local healthcare organisations. This service is free for patients to use. In some place private companies do this job instead, but it can be a big source of money for the trusts.

Before 1974 local councils would run the ambulance service. In 1974, they were merged into larger agencies that covered one or more counties. On 1 July 2006 the number of ambulance trusts fell from 29 to 13 and they were replaced by regional services.

Each of the 9 government regions of England are covered by a single NHS ambulance trust, with the exception of the South East region. This region is split between the South Central and South East Coast ambulance trusts, while the Isle of Wight has a special arrangement in which local hospitals provide the ambulance service.

The Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Government. In 2006 the service answered over 520,000 emergency calls.

Scotland also has Britain's only government-funded Air Ambulance service. It has two Eurocopter EC 135 helicopters (based in Glasgow & Inverness) and two Beechcraft B200C King Air planes (based at Glasgow & Aberdeen).

The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland, and was set up in 1995.

As with other ambulance services in the United Kingdom, it does not charge its patients directly for its services, but is funded through tax.

NIAS has over 270 ambulances and over 1,000 staff, based across 32 stations & sub-stations, 4 Control Centres and a Regional Training Centre.

The Welsh Ambulance Service NHS Trust (Welsh:"Ymddiriedolaeth GIG Gwasanaethau Ambiwlans Cymru") was set up on April 1, 1998 and has 2,500 staff providing ambulance and related services to the 2.9 million residents of Wales.

Its headquarters are at the HM Stanley Hospital, St Asaph, Denbighshire and it is divided into three regions:

Private ambulance services are becoming more common in the UK. They often provide medical cover at large events, either with, or instead of the voluntary sector providers. Some organisers use a private firm instead of a voluntary ambulance service because of wider availability during the week (sometimes difficult for a voluntary service to cover) or for a wider range of skills, such as provision of qualified Paramedics.

The most common use for private ambulances is for non-urgent patient transport. Many trusts and hospitals have chosen to use a private company for these tasks. NHS ambulance services may also pay the private ambulances to answer some of their 999 calls.

All ambulance companies and the NHS Ambulance trusts must follow the same laws, so a private ambulance must have the same equipment and same type of staff working in it.

In most of the United Kingdom, the main voluntary ambulance services are the British Red Cross and St John Ambulance. In Scotland, the main voluntary ambulance is St Andrew's First Aid. The Order of Malta Ambulance Corps. can sometimes be found in Northern Ireland also. These groups have been providing both emergency and non-emergency medical cover in the UK for over 120 years, including active service in both World Wars. This is before any government organised service.

The main activity of the organisations apart from training and education, is providing ambulance cover at events, as an extension of their first aid contract.

They may also treat and transport certain categories of patient to hospital, although for more serious incidents, such as cardiac arrest it is likely that they would call on the ambulance service. This is arranged through agreements with the local ambulance service.

Both organisations also provide 'reserve' or 'support' cover to some, though not all, of the ambulance trusts (dependent on the local MOU), where ambulance crews from one of the organisations (who are usually volunteers, but in some instances may be paid staff) will attend 999, GP Urgent or PTS calls on behalf of the ambulance trust. In these cases the organisation is paid by the trust. This service is most often called on during major incidents, when there is a high level of staff absence or when there is an unusually high call volume, although in some areas, voluntary crews are regularly used to supplement full-time trust cover.

Both organisations have also provided cover for the public when NHS ambulance trust staff have held strikes or walk outs.



Public administration

Public Administration is a field in which leaders serve communities to advance the common good and effect positive change. Public Administration professionals are equipped with skills to manage at all levels of government (LOCAL, STATE, and FEDERAL) as well as non profit organizations. Skills employed across the field or Public Administration such as PROJECT MANAGEMENT and PROGRAM MANAGEMENT are often transferable to the private sector.

Public Administration can also helps improve management and improve policies so that government can work better. Public Administrators manage public programs, translate politics into the programs and services that citizens use every day. In universities, professors of Public Administration study government decision making, analyze policies, and think about how to improve policies and programs.

Discuss Some Importance of Public Administration

The importance of Public Administration in modern times can be hardly over emphasized. It stands accepted as one of the most essential and important areas of human activity and concern. The complexities arising out of the modern age of industrialization and urbanization have enhance the socio-economic development role of the state. This has in turn invigorated and expanded the role and importance of public administration . Public Administration is indeed one of the essential condition of the civilised life of human beings in a society. There would be, as Burke rightly remark "no existence without administration". It is important not only as an instrument of governance but also as an important mechanism preserving and promoting the welfare of society.

The Importance of Public Administration can be analysed by examining the following points:

1.Role of Public Administration as a stablising force in society.

The role of Public Administration as a stabilizing force in society involves maintaining law and order, providing essential services, and ensuring effective governance. It contributes to the overall stability, development, and well-being of a society by managing public resources, implementing policies, and serving the needs of citizens. administrators are the establishers of the society and the guardians of traditions. The government may change, and in a democratic system, it actually changes after regular intervals but administration continues to be more or less the same. It ensures continuity and stability in governmental policies and plans.

2.Public Administration as an instrument of resolving the problems of society.

Public Administration has to do with getting things done and problem solved along with the accomplishment of defines objectives of the government. It is an instrument acting for solving the problems of poverty, underdevelopment, unemployment, communalism and extremism. Acting under the direction, guidance and control of the political executive of the state, public administration is always engaged revolving public problem and issues. It also acts as a dispenser of socio economic justice in accordance with the settled laws and policies of the state.

Public administration is an instrument for resolving the problems of society by implementing government policies and programs, managing public resources, and providing essential services to citizens. It plays a crucial role in maintaining law and order, promoting the well-being of citizens, and ensuring effective governance. By managing public resources, implementing policies, and serving the needs of citizens, public administration contributes to the overall stability, development, and progress of society.

3.Public Administration as a means to give service and protection.

Public administration is an important means for giving services and protection to the common man. Security, safety and order are the important basis of modern civilization and it is the important objective of public administration. Thus, it is a source of service to the people. It provides protection and relief to the people in the wake of social upheavals, epidemics, natural calamities, social disturbances, violence and economic hardships resulting from social evils, diseases and economic problems.

Public administration serves as a means to provide service and protection to the public. It ensures that essential services such as healthcare, education, transportation, and social welfare are delivered efficiently and effectively. Additionally, public administration plays a vital role in maintaining law and order, enforcing regulations, and protecting the rights and safety of citizens. By managing public resources and implementing government policies, public administration aims to serve and protect the interests of the public, contributing to the well-being and stability of society.

Public administration refers to the implementation of government policies and the management of public programs and services. It involves the planning, organizing, directing, coordinating, and controlling of government operations. Public administrators work in various sectors such as government agencies, non-profit organizations, and international organizations to ensure efficient and effective delivery of public services. They play a crucial role in policy-making, budgeting, human resources management, and decision-making processes. Public Administration is a field that combines elements of political science, management, and public policy.

Conclusion:

"These three keypoints highlight the important role played by public administration in every society. In fact, at times of both peace and war, and social harmony and social tension. Public administration has to act as the chief instrument of law, order, security, safety and well being of the society as a whole"

Canada

Hong Kong SAR, China

Europe

Holland

India

Philippines

Poland

Turkey

United Kingdom

United States


European Space Agency

European Space Agency or ESA (ESA; , ASE) is an international organisation with 22 member countries. Its job is to explore space. 

Its headquarters are in Paris, France. ESA has a staff of more than 2,000 with an annual budget of about €4.43 billion / US$5.51 billion (2015).

The member countries of ESA are Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

ESA's space flight programme includes 

The main European launch vehicle Ariane 5 is operated through Arianespace with ESA sharing in the costs of launching and further developing this launch vehicle.

On February 21, 2024, the agency's ERS-2 satellite came into the atmosphere of the Earth. The gravitational field (or gravity) of Earth [resulted] in the satellite ending up hitting the ocean. Earlier the satellite functioned (or worked) as a European Remote-Sensing Satellite.


Management

Management means directing and controlling a group of people or an organization to reach a goal. Management often means the deployment and manipulation of human resources, financial resources, technological resources, and natural resources. In other word Management can also mean the person or people who manage, the managers. European Management is specifically defined by academic Andreas M. Kaplan as a cross-cultural, societal management approach based on interdisciplinary principles.In the late 90s it used to be the only principal administration for one to operate in the business Field.


Republic of Texas

The Republic of Texas was a sovereign state in North America between the United States and Mexico that existed from 1836 to 1845. It was started on March 2 1836, when the people living in Texas declared themselves independent from Mexico. The Mexican army led by Santa Anna marched into Texas and attacked the new country. However the Mexican army was defeated and Santa Anna was captured at a battle near the site of Houston. The new republic did not have an easy time. It did not have a proper government, or any money. Its borders were often raided by Mexico, and there was fighting between the settlers and the Native Americans. The US government did not recognize the Republic of Texas.

In 1841, Santa Anna again became president of Mexico and the border attacks increased. By this time, thousands of new settlers had moved into Texas, and people in the US supported the people of Texas. The idea of annexation of Texas into the US became popular.

The Republic of Texas ended on December 29, 1845, when Texas became the 28th state of the United States of America.

Nuremberg Military Tribunals

The Nuremberg Military Tribunals are the follow up trials of war criminals held by the United States of America in Nuremberg.

The trial of the 24 Major War Criminals held by the International Military Tribunal (IMT) in Nuremberg is at Nuremberg Trials

The IMT only held one trial before disagreements between the four wartime allies stopped the series of trials that were planned. The four countries occupying Germany carried on with trials of many people in their own zone of occupation. Twelve that were held by the United States are the most famous of these trials. They involved some of the most important people to be prosecuted after the 24 Major War Criminals.

The twelve US trials in front of the Nuremberg Military Tribunal took place from December 9, 1946 to April 13, 1949. The trials were:

Anschluss

The Anschluss, or Anschluß, was the annexation of Austria by Nazi Germany in 1938.

After the First World War, both Austria-Hungary and the German Empire were abolished, and many hoped that the Republic of German Austria would be unified with the German Republic into a Greater Germany that would include all Germans.

That, however, was forbidden by the Treaty of Versailles without the permission of the League of Nations, and all of the major Allies needed to agree to make such a decision.
Adolf Hitler, who was born in Austria, met Austrian Chancellor Kurt Schuschnigg on 12 February 1938 in Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, and ordered him to end the ban on political parties, reinstate full party freedom, release all imprisoned members of the Nazi Party and let them take part in the government.

Hitler threatened an invasion as he wanted a union of Austria and Germany.

Schuschnigg did what Hitler had demanded and appointed Arthur Seyss-Inquart, a pro-Nazi lawyer, as Interior Minister and another Nazi, Edmund Glaise-Horstenau, as a Minister without Portfolio.

In January 1938, Schuschnigg had been told to remove the chief of staff of the Austrian Army, Alfred Jansa, who had with his staff made plans to defend Austria from a Wehrmacht attack.

Schuschnigg realised that his new ministers were trying to take over from him. To get support, Schuschnigg allowed socialists and communists to appear in public again. The parties had been banned on 12 February 1934, during the Austrian Civil War. The communists said that they supported the Austrian government. The socialists wanted more promises from Schuschnigg before they were willing to side with him.

On 9 March, Schuschnigg announced a plebiscite on the independence of Austria for 13 March.

To help him win, Schuschnigg set the minimum voting age at 24. Those who supported Nazism and union with Germany tended to be young and so the move stopped them from voting.

Also, supporters of independence were given ballots at the polls, but opponent had to bring their own.

Hitler said that the plebiscite would be subject to major fraud and that Germany would not accept it. Also, the German Ministry of Propaganda issued press reports that riots had broken out in Austria and many Austrians were calling for German troops to restore order. Schuschnigg immediately said publicly that the reports of riots were false.

Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March to hand over all power to the Austrian Nazis or face an invasion.

Schuschnigg resigned as chancellor that evening since he could not persuade France or the United Kingdom to help.

In a radio broadcast, he announced his resignation, said that he accepted the changes and allowed the Nazis to take over the government to avoid bloodshed.

Meanwhile, Austrian President Wilhelm Miklas refused to appoint Seyss-Inquart as chancellor and asked other Austrian politicians instead. However, the Nazis were well organised, and within hours, managed to take control of many parts of Vienna, including the Ministry of Internal Affairs, which controlled the police. As Miklas continued to refuse to appoint a Nazi government, and Seyss-Inquart still could not send a telegram in the name of the Austrian government to demand German troops to restore order, Hitler became furious. At about 10 p.m., well after Hitler had signed and issued the order for the invasion, Göring and Hitler gave up on waiting and sent a forged telegram that pretended to be a request by the Austrian government for German troops to enter Austria. Around midnight, after nearly all critical offices and buildings had fallen into Nazi hands in Vienna, and the main party members of the old government had been arrested, Miklas finally appointed Seyss-Inquart as chancellor.

On the morning of 12 March, the 8th Army of the German Wehrmacht crossed the German-Austrian border. It was not stopped by the Austrian Army, but its troops were greeted by cheering Austrian Germans with Hitler salutes, Nazi flags and flowers.

The annexation of Austria without a shot being fired is therefore sometimes called the "Blumenkrieg" (war of flowers).

Hitler's car crossed the border in the afternoon at Braunau, his birthplace. In the evening, he arrived at Linz and was welcomed at the city hall. Goering, in a telephone call that evening, said, "There is unbelievable jubilation in Austria. We ourselves did not think that sympathies would be so intense."

On 2 April 1938, 200,000 Austrians gathered on the Heldenplatz (Square of Heroes) to hear Hitler proclaim the Anschluss. Hitler later commented, "Certain foreign newspapers have said that we fell on Austria with brutal methods. I can only say: even in death they cannot stop lying. I have in the course of my political struggle won much love from my people, but when I crossed the former frontier (into Austria) there met me such a stream of love as I have never experienced. Not as tyrants have we come, but as liberators."

The Anschluss was given immediate effect by a law on 13 March that was subject to ratification by a plebiscite. Austria became the province of Ostmark, and Seyss-Inquart was appointed as its governor. The plebiscite was held on 10 April and officially recorded a support of 99.73% of the voters.

Most historians agree that the result was not fixed even though the voting process was neither free nor secret. Officials were present directly beside the voting booths and received the voting ballot by hand, unlike a free vote in which the voting ballot is inserted into a closed box. In some parts of Austria, the plebiscite on 13 March was held despite the Wehrmacht's presence in Austria since it took up to three days to occupy every part of Austria. For instance, in Innervillgraten, 95% of the village voted for Austria's independence.

Austria remained part of the Third Reich until the end of World War II, when a provisional government declared the Anschluss "null und nichtig" (null and void) on April 27 1945. After the war, the Allies occupied Austria, which was recognised and treated as a separate country, but sovereignty was restored only by the Austrian State Treaty and the Austrian Declaration of Neutrality, both in 1955, largely because of the rapid development of the Cold War and disputes between the Soviet Union and its former allies over foreign policy.

Nestorianism

Nestorianism is a movement within Christianity. The idea behind the doctrine was that there were two different persons of Jesus. One of them was the man Jesus, the other was the aspect of "son of God", or Logos. Perhaps the most prominent supporter of the idea was Nestorius, archbishop of Constantinople. Nestorius lived from about 380 to about 450 AD. The Council of Ephesus condemned this view in 431. This led to a split of the church, into the Assyrian Church of the East and the Byzantine Church. 

For this reason, the Assyrian Church of the East is sometimes called "Nestorian". The church holds the view that Christ has two "essences" ("qnome") that are united in one person ("parsopa"). 

The only two churches that teach Nestorianism today are the Assyrian Church of the East, and the Church of the East & Abroad.

Daikokuten

In Japan, Daikokuten (大黒天), is one of the Seven Lucky Gods. Daikokuten came from the Indian god, Shiva. Daikoku wears Japanese robes and has a happy and smiling personality.

Daikoku's pictures are found in the temples of Tibet and China and the god enjoys a high position as a household god in Japan. Daikoku's connection with wealth and success started a strange ritual known as Fuku-nusubi. This ritual started with the belief that the person who stole figures of gods and goddesses was promised good luck, if they were not caught while stealing. Eventually, stealing divine figures became so common that the Toshi-no-ichi or the ‘year-end-market’ held in the Asakusa Kannon temple became the main place where the sale of these images was held.
Daikoku is considered to be the god of wealth or the household, mostly the kitchen. He is recognised from his wide face, smile, and a flat black hat. He is often shown holding a golden mallet and sitting on bales of rice.

Seesaw

A seesaw (also known as a teeter-totter) is a long, narrow board which is fixed in the middle, a little way above the ground. When one end of the seesaw goes up the other goes down.

Children often like to play on seesaws. Two children sit on the seesaw, one at each end. The child who is down pushes the ground with his feet so that he goes up and his friend goes down. Then the friend pushes up so the first child goes down. They continue to go back and forth until they are ready to stop playing on the seesaw.

It works best with two children who are about the same size, or else the heavy person will make his end stay down. On some seesaws there is room for two or three children on each end. There is a handle for each child to hold on to so that they do not fall off.

In mechanics (a kind of physics) anything that is balanced in the middle and goes up and down like a seesaw might be described as something that "seesaws". 

Playground slide

Playground slides are slides for children to play on in playgrounds. The child climbs up a ladder or some stairs, then sits down at the top and slides all the way down. Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs. This can sometimes be dangerous on big slides.

Slides are made of metal, plastic or wood. They must have a smooth surface so that the child does not hurt himself. Sometimes, in amusement parks, there are giant slides called "helterskelters".

There are slides at swimming pools where people can slide down into the water with a splash. These are called "water slides" or "shutes".

Antipsychotic

Antipsychotic drugs or Neuroleptics are drugs that act on the central nervous system, and that usually have sedating properties. The name "neuroleptic" was introduced in 1955. From the 1990s, the term "antipsychotic" is the name that is more commonly used instead. Neuroleptics make the patient calm. In many of the conditions they are used for, the patients "lose touch with reality." This is called psychosis. As the name suggests, antipsychotics are also used to lessen the symptoms of psychosis. Today, they are mostly used for the treatment of psychosis, as it occurs in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. They can also be used to treat depression and mood swings. 

Commonly they are also used for the following classes of conditions: 


The first inventor of this drug was William Perkin whom at the time (1856) was 18 when he made it, when the chemical group was first made, it was only a dye which was coloured blue or mauve. W. Perkins began "the aniline dye industry". 

At a place named Rhône-Poulenc Laboratories either Charpentier, Courvoisier, Koetschet or Paul Charpentier invented chlorpromazine during 1951, or, during December of 1950 He created this drug that has saved hundreds of people with schizophrenia.

Antipsychotics were previously described as "major tranquilisers" but the use of this name was stopped because the effect isn't infact to make people experience tranquility.

Antipsychotics were the first drugs that allowed to treat people with psychoses. Beforehand, people with an acute psychose would be given cold showers, against their wlll, or they might be chained to a wall. In the Middle Ages, they would be whipped. Sometimes, people might say that they were possessed, and they might then be burned at the stake. Up to the middle of the 20th century, people would be put in a psychiatric hospital. The only "trearment" available was locking them up and sedating them. They would then no longer pose a threat to themselves, or to others. Especially in the United States, lobotomy was done. This is a special knd of surgery to the brain. It has the problem that it often fundamentally changes the way the person behaves.

Anything and everything anti of psychotic began after Canstatt created the word psychosis for 1841. 

Eve Online

EVE Online is a 2003 Space science fiction MMORPG computer game. It was made by CCP Games. The game is very similar to the 1980s game ELITE. Players in EVE earn money called "InterStella Kredits" (ISK) to buy new spacecraft, skills or equipment. Several ways to earn ISK include mining, exploration, doing missions, trading, piracy, and bounty hunting (hunting criminals for money). 

EVE is hosted on 1 server cluster. Unlike most MMORPG games, it is not split up based upon geographical location or how busy the servers are. 

There are four races in the Eve universe that are playable by subscribers, there is a fifth race, but only Eve Online employees can get them.

Amarr

The Amarr is a race centered around religion. They were the first of the four races to develop ships capable of travelling space. Their main weapon type is a laser, which fire high-energy beams to the enemy to deal damage. They do not use ammunition like the other races, but instead use a type of ammunition called a crystal in order to focus the laser. There are two subgroups of lasers: Beam (long range), and Pulse (short range).

Caldari

The Caldari is a race centered around corporations. They are a very military driven race, and specialize in both missiles and hybrid turrets (which require both ammunition to fire, and energy to fire it), railguns in particular, and can shoot further than other races.

Gallente

The Gallente happened to be located in the same place the Caldari were, and were the first race to create a democracy. Like the Caldari, they specialize in hybrid turrets, but prefer the short-ranged "blasters", and do not specialize in missiles, instead using drones (small robot ships) to good effect.

Minmatar

The Minmatar was the last race to develop space flight. The Amarr quickly enslaved them, however they were able to gain their freedom with the help of the Gallente. Their main weapon is projectile turrets, pretty much regular guns, with the subgroup being artillery (long range), and auto-cannons (short range).

Gameplay in Eve is known to be complex, since there are so many things for a player to do. A player can do many things, with three of the main categories being:

Missions

Missions involves talking with an NPC (computer player), who will assign you with a task. This can include: killing other NPCs, hauling an item from one location to another, or a combination of both. The rewards from doing these missions include money, standings (better standings means you can do better missions), and Loyalty Points (which can be spent to get certain types of items that can not normally be bought.

Mining/Industry

Mining and Industry are the backbone of the Eve Universe. Almost everything that a player flies, or item he uses was made by another player. Except for certain items, everything is made through industry. There are certain ores (which give minerals when refined) that can only be found in certain areas. Players that find these ores and bring them back to the market will be sure to make quite a bit of money.

PVP

Although PVP (player-vs-player fights) is not a very good way to make money for new players, it is by far one of the most exciting things to do in the Eve Universe. The Eve industry is primarily focused around providing ships to PVP players. Many big corporations (groups of players that share a common goal), can form gigantic alliances to take control of certain areas, which are rich in a wide variety of ways. 

Kintarō

Kintarō (金太郎, Kintarō? sometimes means "Golden Boy") is a folk (story) hero from Japanese folklore. A child born really strong. He was raised by a girl ogre in a mountain called Mount Ashigara. He became friendly with the animals and imaginary things of the mountain. Later, after catching the terror of the region around Mount Ooe, Shutendouji, he became a great follower of Minamoto no Yorimitsu under the new name Sakata no Kintoki (坂田公時, Sakata no Kintoki?).

490 Veritas

490 Veritas is a big asteroid, which may have been involved in one of the more huge asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years.

At 115 and 125 km in diameter, Veritas and 92 Undina are the biggest of the 300-strong Veritas family of asteroids. David Nesvorný of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder traced the orbits of these bodies back in time, and calculated that they formed in a collision of a body at least 150 km in diameter with a smaller asteroid some 8 million years ago. Veritas and Undina would have been the biggest pieces of that collision.

The thought Veritas collision would have been too far from Jupiter for the pieces to have been slung into a collision course with Earth. However, solar radiation would have caused the resulting dust to drift inward to Earth orbit over a time span consistent with the record of dust in the ocean sediment.

Today continuing collisions among Veritas-family asteroids are estimated to send five thousand tons of cosmic dust to Earth each year, 15% of the total.

It was found by Max Wolf in 1902. Its provisional name was 1902 JP.



Cart

A cart is a vehicle with two wheels and usually pulled by one horse. Other animals such as ox, cattle or donkeys are sometimes used instead of a horse. A handcart is pulled or pushed by a person.

Carts have been used for over 4,000 years around the world. Today we use the shopping cart. Shopping carts first made their appearance in Oklahoma City in 1937.

Lanark Grammar School

Lanark Grammar School is a medium-sized secondary school in Lanark, South Lanarkshire which has over 1000 students.


The school library has lots of books on all the subjects studied at the school. It also has a wide range of fiction books for juniors and seniors. There are 15 computers in the library which can be used by any of the students who need to do work.

Johannes Vermeer

Johannes Vermeer or Jan Vermeer (baptised 31 October 1632, died December 1675) was a Dutch Baroque painter. He spent his life in the town of Delft. Vermeer came from a Protestant family but he married a Catholic, named Catherina Bolnes, in April 1653. They had eleven children.

Vermeer mainly painted people in daily life. He painted people in detail and used rich colors. He kept the backgrounds simple. This contrast makes the viewer focus on the main point. 

He used perspective technique to draw lines from one dot on the canvas. He used this technique on his 17 paintings. Those paintings have a little dot which may be used for perspective. 

Vermeer’s painted women often wear blue clothes. This color blue is made from a natural mineral called lapis lazuli.

There is no self portrait of Jan Vermeer. His face may be in some other paintings, especially "The Art of Painting" ("De Schilderkunst") and "The Procuress" ("De Koppelaarste"), but there is no proof that the man is Vermeer.

When Vermeer died his family had financial troubles, and after his death many of his paintings were sold at auction.

Vermeer became more famous after being rediscovered by art historians and art collectors in the 1800s.



