Los Alamitos Army Airfield

Los Alamitos Army Airfield is a military airport. It is one mile (2 km) southeast of central Los Alamitos, California, and within its city limits.

Los Alamitos Army Airfield has two runways:

In the 1930s the Long Beach Airport was owned by that city and was also used as a Naval Reserve air station. In the late 1930s and early 1940s, the United States Navy perceived as a hostile attitude on the part of the City of Long Beach regarding improvements and maintenance of Long Beach Airport. Without telling the Long Beach officials, the Navy began looking for a new place for its flight operations. Admiral Ernest J. King, then the Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, and Admirals William D. Leahy, Joseph K. Taussig, and Allen E. Smith pointedly requested that the city of Long Beach repair the runways and reminded the city that the Pacific Fleet, then laying offshore in both Long Beach and San Pedro harbors, had a payroll of more than $1 million a month. Eventually the city complied with the Navy's requests.

Still, the city continued to show a hostile attitude toward approving a lease on any additional land that the Naval Reserve required.

The Navy was fed up with the city of Long Beach. It decided upon the purchase of some property owned by Susanna Bixby Bryant, a fact made known by the commander of the base, Commander Thomas A. Gray, to the Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Admiral John H. Towers. The circumstances behind the purchase were revealed to James V. Forrestal, Under Secretary of the Navy, and by him to the House Naval Affairs committee who approved the purchase. Although Comdr. Gray had offered Mrs. Bryant $350 an acre, in the best patriotic spirit she sold the property at $300 an acre. The land is 4 miles east of the Long Beach Airport.
With the site acquired, in 1941, construction funds soon followed and Naval Reserve Air Base (NRAB) Los Alamitos began to take shape. The new base provided many jobs and spurred modest growth. On 1 June 1941, operations moved from Long Beach to Los Alamitos.

By May 1942, Los Alamitos was operating with a complete physical plant including administrative office, sick bay, a synthetic training facility, central files, classroom, and an assembly & repair department. With a station complement of about 2,500 officers and men, the initial aviation cadets began their training. The first graduating class numbered 729 cadets, 180 having washed out. By the end of the year, the base's 36 planes had increased to 140, and in 1943, five outlying fields were acquired, Training was carried out mostly in plywood planes. When changed from the command of the Naval Primary Training Command to that of Naval Air Center, Eleventh Naval District, on 15 August 1943, it was used to station carrier air groups. Renamed a naval air station, its flight operations were conducted by a Fleet Air Detachment, with station complement dropping from about 250 officers and 2000 men to 40 officers and 500 men and the Assembly and Repair Department discontinued but still used by the CASU on board. Many CASUs and ARGUSs (groups to establish forward air bases) were formed at and dispatched from Los Alamitos during the war. With additional construction undertaken after mid-1943, the total investment at the station to 1 January 1945 was $4,827,014.64. Growing from one officer, one man, and one plane in 1928, Los Alamitos in 1945 had become one of the Navy's most important air stations.

On 15 August 1943 it became an operational training base for training of fleet units and was reclassified as a Naval Air Station. In addition to providing training, the base serviced aircraft from the battle fleet, including carrier air groups from USS Lexington, Saratoga, and Langley.

NRAB Los Alamitos was initially under the command of the naval operating base at San Pedro, California. Like other Naval Reserve Air Bases established during the 1930s, it fell under the command of the Naval Air Primary Training Command on 1 October 1942; Naval Air Center, Eleventh Naval District, San Diego, on 15 August 1943; and finally Naval Air Bases, Eleventh Naval District, on 10 August 1944. As an NRAB, the mission of Los Alamitos was to instruct, train and drill Naval Reserve aviation personnel living in the Eleventh Naval District.

Many former military personnel chose to stay on in the City of Los Alamitos after the war, living in such neighbourhoods as Carrier Row, where streets are named for World War II aircraft carriers.

As was the case with other naval air stations retained in operating status following the war, Los Alamitos suffered a period of transitions and changes. Under the command of the Chief of Naval Air Training at NAS Pensacola, its missions were to train reservists and service the fleet. On 1 March 1946, while it provided training, CASU 33 supported Air Group 98, but the devotion of activity could be measured by the fact that, as of 28 February 1946, it had only ninety-seven V-6 personnel on active duty as station keepers, yet until the end of September this group provided proficiency flying for more than 1,500 inactive reserve pilots. Meanwhile, CASU 706 supported Patrol Squadron 908 (VP-908), Escort Carrier Air Groups 779 and 778, and Carrier Air Group 716. On 16 August 1946, the first group of aviation cadets in the Selective Training Program came on board, and after 1 September, the station would be used by the Naval Air Transport Service (NATS). On 13 October, the record-making Truculent Turtle, which had flown nonstop for almost 4,500 miles, paid the station a visit. By the end of 1946, with 243 reserve pilots, 1,375 volunteer reserve pilots, 255 inactive reserve enlisted men, and 368 active duty station keepers, Los Alamitos was one of the busiest Naval Air Reserve Stations. Between January and March 1947, the station became the largest in the entire Naval Reserve air training program.

On 17 May 1947, the administration of NAF Litchfield Park, southwest of downtown Phoenix, Arizona, was placed under Los Alamitos to serve volunteer reserve aviation personnel in the Phoenix-Tucson area. With 1,300 organized reservists, 1,682 inactive reservists, 12 over-aged reservists, 7 women reservists, and 583 station keepers, Los Alamitos remained the largest Naval Air Reserve Station in the United States.

On board during the first quarter of 1948 were a light carrier aircraft group (CLG); two carrier air groups; two escort carrier air groups; two patrol plane squadrons; three transport squadrons; four fleet aircraft service squadrons; two Marine fighting squadrons and a Marine ground control interceptor unit; two volunteer units, one at Litchfield, one on the station proper; a NATS Unit; GCA; and an all-weather station. Until it was decided that there were not enough personnel to continue associated volunteer units at Bakersfield Municipal Airport and Santa Barbara, Los Alamitos assumed administrative responsibilities for them. At the station full operations were carried on for five days a week from 0730 to 1630. Saturday night was reserved for night flying. Operations were limited on Mondays and Thursdays; weekends were madhouses as the "weekend warriors" came on board.

On 7 November 1949, Los Alamitos received its first jet aircraft, an FJ-1 Fury. With all FGs replaced with F6F Hellcats, a reorganisation occurred on 1 December 1950 in which there was provided a wing staff with twenty-five squadrons. During the summer of 1950, 105 midshipmen from the United States Naval Academy reported for four days of an air cruise and 112 seamen reported for eight weeks of training duty. Meanwhile, there was a waiting list for pilots and ground officers. When the naval aviation cadet programme, which had opened on 1 July, closed on 25 October 1950, Los Alamitos had obtained a tenth of the cadets recruited in the entire nation. Meanwhile, in answer to President Truman's request for reservists to volunteer for duty during the Korean War, VG-781 requested mobilization as a complete unit, and was accepted – the first squadron in the nation to do so. Three Marine Corps Organized Reserve units were ordered to active duty, and so was VP-772. To speed up training, on 6 March and again on 16 May 1951 ninety-day trainees reported on board. The third group of trainees came on board for training 16 June and many of them and station personnel helped saved lives and property during heavy rains and floods that damaged the nearby town of Los Alamitos. On 15 January 1952, the first helicopter unit came to the base. Also in 1952, a reserve air intelligence unit came to the base.

On 16 July 1957, then-Major John H. Glenn, Jr., USMC, set the Transcontinental air speed record, flying a F8U-1 Crusader from NAS Los Alamitos to Floyd Bennett Field, New York, in 3 hours, 23 minutes, and 8.4 seconds. Project Bullet, as the mission was called, provided both the first transcontinental flight to average supersonic speed, and the first continuous transcontinental panoramic photograph of the United States. Glenn was awarded his fifth Distinguished Flying Cross for the mission.

For the next decade, operations at Los Alamitos were routine. In 1970, however, the Navy closed the station as a Naval Air Reserve training facility and let it serve merely as a Naval Air Station. In 1972, helicopter elements of both the California Army National Guard and United States Army Reserve moved from leased facilities at commercial airports to NAS Los Alamitos. Following approval of an environmental impact statement filed in August 1973, the base was designated an Armed Forces Reserve Center for which the Navy was designated host, and the California Army National Guard was charged with operating the airfield.

The senior command on post is the 40th Infantry Division (Mechanized), headquartered in the large, prominent building facing the flagpole and main entrance artery.

On 23 August 1977, 'ownership' of the base was transferred from the U.S. Navy to the U.S. Army. The U.S. Army 'licensed' the operation of the base to the California Army National Guard. The base was commanded by BG James Benson. Los Alamitos Army Airfield was commanded by LTC James C. Ghormley, III.

In July 2000, Los Alamitos Armed Force Reserve Center was renamed Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Center.

This place served as the starting line for the 14th season of the hit CBS Reality TV Show "The Amazing Race". The base's status as an alternate landing area for Air Force One was mentioned in a West Wing episode.


Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility

Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility (TJNAF), commonly called Jefferson Lab or JLab, is a U.S. national laboratory in Newport News, Virginia. It is near exit 256 of Interstate 64. Since June 1, 2006, it has been operated by Jefferson Science Associates, LLC, a joint venture between Southeastern Universities Research Association, Inc., and CSC Applied Technologies, LLC. Until 1996 it was known as the Continuous Electron Beam Accelerator Facility (CEBAF). This name is still used a lot for the main accelerator.

Founded in 1984, JLab employs over 675 people. Over 2,000 scientists from around the world have conducted research using the facility. Its mission is "to provide forefront scientific facilities, opportunities and leadership essential for discovering the fundamental structure of nuclear matter; to partner in industry to apply its advanced technology; and to serve the nation and its communities through education and public outreach."

The facility is being rebuilt to increase its energy from 6 GeV to 12 GeV. To do this, more powerful magnets and power supplies are added to the accelerator. Also, a new experimental hall will be added. The CEBAF is shut down from May to December 2011 for installation and construction will be completed by 2013. Full operations will begin in 2015.

The laboratory's main research facility is the CEBAF accelerator, which consists of a polarized electron source and injector and a pair of 7/8 mile (1400 m) long superconducting RF linear accelerators. The ends of the two linear accelerators are connected to each other by two arc sections with magnets that bend the electron beam in an arc. So, the beam path is a race-track shaped oval. (Most accelerators, such as CERN or Fermilab, have a circular path with many short chambers to speed up the electrons spread along the circle.) As the electron beam makes up to five successive orbits, its energy is increased up to a maximum of 6 GeV. Effectively, CEBAF is a linear accelerator (LINAC), like SLAC at Stanford, that has been folded up to a tenth of its normal length. It acts as if it were a 7.8 mile long linear accelerator.

The design of CEBAF allows the electron beam to be continuous rather than the pulsed beam typical of ring shaped accelerators. (There is some beam structure but the pulses are very much shorter and closer together.) The electron beam is directed onto three potential targets (see below). One of the distinguishing features of JLab is the continuous nature of the electron beam, with a bunch length of less than 1 picosecond. Another is JLab's use of superconducting RF (SRF) technology, which uses liquid helium to cool niobium to approximately 4 K (−452.5°F), removing electrical resistance and allowing the most efficient transfer of energy to an electron. To achieve this, JLab uses the world's largest liquid helium refrigerator, and was one of the first large-scale implementators of SRF technology. The accelerator is built 8 meters, or approximately 25 feet, below the Earth's surface, and the walls of the accelerator tunnels are 2 feet thick. 

The beam ends in three experimental halls, called Hall A, Hall B, and Hall C. Each hall contains a unique spectrometer to record the results of collisions between the electron beam and a stationary target. This allows physicists to study the structure of the atomic nucleus, specifically the interaction of the quarks that make up protons and neutrons of the nucleus.

Each time around the loop, the beam passes through each of the two LINAC accelerators, but through a different set of bending magnets. (Each set is designed to handle a different beam speed.) The electrons make up to five passes through the LINAC accelerators.

When a nucleus in the target is hit by an electron from the beam, an "interaction", or "event", occurs, scattering particles into the hall. Each hall contains an array of particle detectors that track the physical properties of the particles produced by the event. The detectors generate electrical pulses that are converted into digital values by analog to digital converters (ADCs), time to digital converters (TDCs) and pulse counters (scalers). 

This digital data must be gathered and stored so that the physicist can later analyze the data and reconstruct the physics that occurred. The system of electronics and computers that perform this task is called a data acquisition system.

As of June 2010, construction has begun an additional end station, Hall D, on the opposite end of the accelerator from the other three halls, as well as an upgrade which doubles the beam energy to 12 GeV. Concurrently, an addition to the Test Lab, (where the SRF cavities used in CEBAF and other accelerators used worldwide are manufactured) is being constructed.

JLab houses the world's most powerful tunable free-electron laser, with an output of over 14 kilowatts. The United States Navy funds this research to develop an laser that could shoot down missiles. Because the lab does classified military research, it is closed to the public except for an open house held once every two years.

The JLab free-electron laser uses an energy recovery LINAC. Electrons are injected into a linear accelerator. The fast-moving electrons then pass through a wiggler which produces a bright laser light beam. The electrons are then captured and steered back to the injection end of the LINAC where they transfer most of their energy to a new batch of electrons to repeat the process. By reusing the electrons and most of their energy, the free-electron laser requires less electricity to operate. The JLab is the first energy recovery LINAC to produce ultravoliet light. Cornell University is now trying to build one to produce X-rays.

Since CEBAF has three complementary experiments running simultaneously, it was decided that the three data acquisition systems should be as similar as possible, so that physicists moving from one experiment to another would find a familiar environment. To that end, a group of specialist physicists was hired to form a data acquisition development group to develop a common system for all three halls. CODA, the CEBAF Online Data Acquisition system, was the result 

CODA is a set of software tools and recommended hardware that helps build a data acquisition system for nuclear physics experiments. In nuclear and particle physics experiments, the particle tracks are digitized by the data acquisition system, but the detectors are capable of generating a large number of possible measurements, or "data channels".

The ADC, TDC and other digital electronics are typically large circuit boards with connectors at the front edge that provide input and output for digital signals, and a connector at the back that plugs into a backplane. A group of boards are plugged into a chassis, or "crate", that provides physical support, power and cooling for the boards and backplane. This arrangement allows electronics capable of digitizing many hundreds of channels to fit into a single chassis.

In the CODA system, each chassis contains a board that is an intelligent controller for the rest of the chassis. This board, called a ReadOut Controller (ROC), configures each of the digitizing boards upon first receiving data, reads the data from the digitizers, and formats the data for later analysis.


Veszprém

Veszprém (ˈvɛspreːm; ) is one of the oldest urban areas in Hungary, and a city with county rights. The city is not far from Lake Balaton. about 15 km (9 mi). It is the administrative center of the county (comitatus or 'megye') of the same name.

Veszprém lies on both sides of the Séd creek, approximately from Budapest (via the M7 highway and Road 8). It can also be reached from Győr via Road 82 and from Székesfehérvár via Road 8.

1870: 14279<br>
1880: 14726<br>
1890: 14807<br>
1900: 16223<br>
1910: 16864<br>
1920: 17513<br>
1930: 19991<br>
1941: 24025<br>
1949: 20682<br>
1960: 28222<br>
1970: 40415<br>
1980: 57249<br>
1990: 63867<br>
2001: 62851<br>
2011: 64339<br>

Ethnic groups (2001 census)

Religions (2001 census)


Veszprém is twinned with:



Colo-Colo

Club Social y Deportivo Colo-Colo is a Chilean football club. They play in the Primera División. They are the top-flight football league in Chile. Their home ground is the Estadio Monumental David Arellano in the commune of Macul, Santiago. They are the most successful football club in their country.










Club Deportivo Universidad Católica

Club Deportivo Universidad Católica is a football club in Santiago de Chile now playing in the Primera División.

It is one of the most successful and popular football clubs in Chile as one of the three "big teams". The most traditional rival is the Universidad de Chile, frequently called the "Clásico Universitario".


Club Universidad de Chile

Club Universidad de Chile is a football club in Santiago de Chile playing in the Chilean Primera División.


Mia Kihl

Maria Kihl or Mia Kihl (born April 23, 1979 in Stockholm), is a Swedish voice actress.



William Golding

Sir William Golding (19 September 1911 – 19 June 1993) was an English writer. He was a novelist, poet, playwright, and teacher. He is famous for his novel "Lord of the Flies". He received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1983. In 2008, "The Times" ranked Golding third on its list of "The 50 Greatest British writers since 1945".

Golding was born in Newquay, Cornwall, England on 19 September 1911. He grew up in Marlborough, Wiltshire. His father, Alec Golding, was a schoolmaster at Marlborough Grammar School. Golding and his older brother, Joseph, went to their father's school. In 1930, Golding went to Brasenose College at the University of Oxford. He studied Natural science and then English literature there. Golding graduated with an MA in 1935.

Golding then worked as an actor, producer and a writer. Then he became a teacher at Bishop Wordsworth's School, Salisbury. Golding joined the Royal Navy in 1940. When World War II ended, Golding continued teaching and writing. He left Bishop Wordsworth's School in 1961 and began writing full-time.

Golding's first published novel was "Lord of the Flies". Golding used his experience of the Second World War and his teaching knowledge of children to write the book. "Lord of the Flies" is a story about a group of school boys who are trapped on a desert island. The children quickly become savages and begin to murder each other. The novel gained widespread interest because of its political message.

Golding went on to write many more books, including "The Inheritors", "Rites of Passage" and many others. He had a rather pessimistic view of humanity. His novels are often set in closed communities, such as islands, villages, monasteries, groups of hunter-gatherers, ships at sea or a pharaoh's court.

Golding was knighted for his work in 1988. He died five years later, on 19 June 1993, of heart failure in Cornwall.


Verse-chorus form

Verse-chorus form is a musical form that is common in popular music. Verse-chorus forms have been the basis for rock music since the 1960s.


Homesickness

Homesickness is a feeling of unhappiness a person may have when away from home or from familiar surroundings or people. It has a similar meaning to the word "nostalgia".

Homesickness is not about how much you miss your home. It is about how much dependent you are on other people or your parents, how much pampered you are or how much difficult it is for you to be in a different place. People sometimes become homesick when they travel. They miss their own home and desperately want to go back. Children may often feel homesick, especially when they are away from their parents for the first time. Usually these feelings will go away as one gets used to the new environment, but sometimes homesickness can make a person depressed.

People may easily feel homesick if they travel to an environment in which the culture is very difficult to what they are used to, and especially if a foreign language is being spoken. Children who are sent away to boarding school will very often feel homesick.

A good way to help children overcome (or avoid) homesickness is to start with being away from home just for short periods, staying with people they know well, e.g. grandparents or good friends.

George Crabbe

George Crabbe (born Aldeburgh, Suffolk, 24 December 1754; died Trowbridge, Wiltshire, 3 February 1832) was an English poet and naturalist. His poem "The Borough" which describes life in a small town in Suffolk, inspired Benjamin Britten to compose his opera "Peter Grimes".

George Crabbe was born in Aldeburgh, Suffolk. His father was a tax collector. As a child he loved poetry. In 1768, he was apprenticed to a local doctor, but he did not learn much from him. In 1771 he changed masters and moved to Woodbridge. There he met Sarah Elmy, who was to become his wife. She had the patience to wait until he had finished his medical studies before marrying him. She encouraged him in his verse writing. In 1775 he published his first work: "Inebriety". In 1780 he decided to give up being a doctor. He borrowed some money and went to London where he tried to become known as a poet. It took several years, during which time he became a clergyman. He became chaplain to the Duke of Rutland at Belvoir Castle in Leicestershire.

Crabbe became well-known when he wrote a poem called "The Village" (1783). It was a long poem which described life in the country as he had known it. In 1783, he married Sarah. In 1814, he became Rector of Trowbridge in Wiltshire, where he stayed. Now that he had a family he did not feel any more need to write poetry and so he wrote nothing for 22 years. He then wrote more poems about the village community, including "The Borough" (1810). By the time of his death, he was well known and a friend of William Wordsworth, Sir Walter Scott and other important literary figures of the time.

Crabbe also knew a lot about insects and made a detailed study of beetles.

Like George Crabbe, the composer Benjamin Britten (1913-1976) also came from Aldeburgh. When he was in America during World War II he read Crabbe's poem "The Borough". It made him homesick and he decided to return to England. He wrote an opera "Peter Grimes" which was based on Crabbe's poem. It is one of the greatest operas of the 20th century.

Near-Earth object

A near-Earth object (NEO) is a Solar System object whose orbit brings it close to the Earth. 

Their least distance from the Sun, their perihelion, is less than 1.3 AU. NEOs include near-Earth asteroids (NEAs) and near-Earth comets.

They include more than ten thousand near-Earth asteroids (NEAs), near-Earth comets, some solar-orbiting spacecraft, and meteoroids large enough to be tracked in space before striking the Earth. Collisions in the past have had a significant role in shaping the geological and biological history of the planet. 

In some cases NEOs hit the Earth. Most of these meteors explode harmlessly in the upper atmosphere. But some NEOs are dangerous. We try to find out when one is going to hit Earth using impact prediction. On 30 June 1908, a meteorite of around 45 metres in diameter exploded over the basin of the Podkamennaya Tunguska River. It released an energy of 10–15 megatons of TNT and destroyed roughly 2,000 square kilometres of forest. 

Because the location was remote, no deaths were recorded. The Association of Space Explorers estimates that a Tunguksa-like event happens two or three times every thousand years on average. An asteroid roughly 10 km in diameter is thought to have hit Earth 66 million years ago and caused the K/T extinction event, including the extinction of all non-avian dinosaurs.

Such an explosion, similar to one of the biggest nuclear weapons, could have razed London about as far out as the M25 ring road.

Cyclopia

Cyclopia (also called cyclocephaly or synophthalmia) is a birth defect. Cyclopia is characterized by a failure of the prosencephalon to separate the two orbits (eyes). This leads to the formation of a central deformed eye and an absence of a nasal cavity. It causes can be either genetic, or as a result of an exposure to poisons. The term "cyclopia" comes from Cyclops, a giant one-eyed creature the Greek Greek mythology.

Babies with Cyclopia rarely live longer than one day.

Hōki Province

The province had borders with Inaba, Mimasaka, Bitchū, Bingo, and Izumo Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Kurayoshi. A major castle town was at Yonago.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Shitori jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hōki. 


Free-electron laser

A free-electron laser, or FEL, is a laser that produces a very bright beam of light. It is basically a super flashlight. It shares the same optical properties as conventional lasers such as emitting a beam consisting of coherent electromagnetic radiation which can reach high power. The FEL used operating principles to form the beam that are very different operating principles of a conventional laser. Unlike gas, liquid, or solid-state lasers such as diode lasers, in which electrons are excited while bound to atoms, FELs use a relativistic electron beam as the lasing medium which moves freely through a magnetic structure, hence the term "free electron." The free-electron laser has the widest frequency range of any laser type, and can be widely tunable, currently ranging in wavelength from microwaves, through terahertz radiation and infrared, to the visible spectrum, to ultraviolet, to X-rays.

Free—electron lasers were invented by John Madey in 1976 at Stanford University. The work builds on research done by Hans Motz and his coworkers who made the first undulator at Stanford in 1953 using the wiggler magnetic configuration which is at the heart of a free-electron laser. Madey used a 24 MeV electron beam and 5 m long wiggler to amplify a signal. Soon afterward, other laboratories with accelerators started developing such lasers.

Free-electron lasers use a lot of electricity when they operate. To reduce the energy needed to keep them operating, scientist use an energy recovery linear accelerator to recycle the high-energy electron beam that activates the laser.


Janet Baker

Dame Janet Baker, CH, DBE, FRSA (born 21 August 1933) is an English mezzo-soprano. From the 1950s to the 1980s she was one of the best known classical music singers in opera, concert, and lieder. She sang a lot of Baroque music including early Italian opera as well as works by modern composers, especially those of Benjamin Britten.

Janet Baker was born in Hatfield, South Yorkshire in the north of England. Her father was an engineer who sang in a male voice choir. She went to York College for Girls and then Wintringham Girls' Grammar School in Grimsby. In her early years she worked in a bank. She went to London in 1953 where she had singing lessons from Meriel St Clair and Helene Isepp, whose son Martin became her regular accompanist. She was knocked down by a bus in 1956 and had concussion and a back injury which often gave her pain. That same year, she came second in the Kathleen Ferrier Memorial Competition at the Wigmore Hall, which started to make her famous.

In 1956, Baker sang in opera for the first time with the Oxford University Opera Club as Miss Róza in Smetana's "The Secret". That year, she also sing at Glyndebourne. In 1959, she sang Eduige in the Handel Opera Society's "Rodelinda"; other Handel roles included "Ariodante" (1964), of which she later made an excellent recording with Raymond Leppard, and "Orlando" (1966), which she sang at the Barber Institute, Birmingham.

With the English Opera Group at Aldeburgh, Baker sang Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas" in 1962, Polly (Benjamin Britten's version of "The Beggar's Opera") and Lucretia (in Britten's "The Rape of Lucretia"). At Glyndebourne she appeared again as Dido (1966) and as Diana/Jupiter in Francesco Cavalli's "La Calisto", and Penelope in Monteverdi's "Il ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria". For Scottish Opera she sang Dorabella in Mozart's "Così fan tutte", Dido, Octavian in Richard Strauss's "Der Rosenkavalier", the Composer in "Ariadne auf Naxos" and the role of Orfeo in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice". She sang that role everywhere and she is often associated with it.

In 1966, Baker made her first appearance as Hermia at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, and went on to sing Berlioz's Dido, Kate in Britten's "Owen Wingrave", Mozart's Vitellia and Idamantes, Cressida in William Walton's "Troilus and Cressida" and the title role in Gluck's "Alceste" (1981) there. For the English National Opera, she sang the title role in Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea (1971), Charlotte in Massenet's "Werther", and the title roles in Donizetti's "Maria Stuarda" and Handel's "Giulio Cesare".

As well as opera, Janet Baker often sang oratorio roles and gave solo recitals. Among her best recordings are her singing of the Angel in Elgar's "The Dream of Gerontius", made with Sir John Barbirolli in December 1964 and Sir Simon Rattle over twenty years later; her 1965 performances of Elgar's "Sea Pictures" and Mahler's Rückert-Lieder, also recorded with Barbirolli; and, also from 1965, the first commercial recording of Ralph Vaughan Williams's Christmas oratorio "Hodie" under Sir David Willcocks. In 1976, she gave the first performance of Britten’s the solo cantata "Phaedra" which had been written for her.

Dame Janet Baker's last operatic appearance was as Orfeo in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice", on 17 July 1982, at Glyndebourne. She published a memoir, "Full Circle", in 1982. In 1991, Baker was elected Chancellor of the University of York, a position she kept until 2004.

Baker received many awards, including a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1976 and a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour (CH) in 1993.

She married in 1957.


Jingo-keiun


The "Jingō-kaihō"' was a copper coin issued from 765 to 796. It had a diameter of about 23 mm and a weight of between 3.4 and 4.5 grams.



Inaba Province

The province had borders with Harima, Hōki, Mimasaka, and Tajima Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was at Tottori city. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Inaba Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ube jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Inaba. 


Iwami Province

In the Edo period, silver was discovered and mined. The was added to the World Heritage List in 2007.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iwami Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Mononobe jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iwami. 


Oki Province

The province was the Oki Islands in the Sea of Japan. The islands are near the provinces of Izumo and Hōki. 

The capital city of the province was near Saigō.

In 1221, Emperor Go-Toba was exiled to Oki.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Oki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Mizuwakasu jinja" and "Yurahime jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Oki. 


Les nuits d'été

Les nuits d'été ("Summer Nights"), Op. 7, is a song cycle by the French composer Hector Berlioz. It is a setting of six poems by Théophile Gautier. Berlioz finished composing the songs in 1841. At first they were just for a singer with piano accompaniment. The singer could be either baritone, contralto, or mezzo-soprano. Later Berlioz changed the work, making the voice a soprano and arranging the accompaniment for orchestra. The first song to be orchestrated was "L'Absence". He wrote this version for a singer called Marie Recio who went with him on a concert tour of Germany. All six songs were published in their orchestral version in 1856. That is how the work is nearly always performed nowadays. The titles of the songs are:



Iggy Azalea

Amethyst Amelia Kelly (born 7 June 1990), known professionally as Iggy Azalea, is a Australian-American rapper. She was born in Sydney and raised in Mullumbimby, New South Wales. She moved to the United States at age 16. In September 2011, she released her first mixtape "Ignorant Art". It made two promotional singles, "My World" and "Pu$$y".

Azalea's first album, "The New Classic", was going to be released in September 2013. It was later released in 2014. The single "Fancy" from the album, featuring British singer-songwriter Charli XCX, reached number one in the United States and Canada, while becoming the fourth-best performing song of 2014 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The next single, "Black Widow", features British singer Rita Ora and reached the top three of the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album was rereleased with the title "Reclassified" in late 2014 and featured the singles "Beg for It" featuring Danish singer MØ and "Trouble" featuring American R&B singer Jennifer Hudson.



Nexus S

The Nexus S is the second Google smartphone in the Google Nexus series. It is the first phone with Android 2.3.



Tajima Province

The province had borders with Harima, Inaba, Tamba, and Tango provinces.

The ancient provincial capital city was near Hidaka. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tajima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izushi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tajima.



Tamba Province

, also known as Tanba, was an old province of Japan in the area of Hyōgo Prefecture on the island of Honshū. Along with Tango Province, it was sometimes called . 

The province had borders with Harima, Ōmi, Settsu, Tajima, Tango, Wakasa, and Yamashiro Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was in the area of modern Kameoka.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), Tamba was separated from Tango.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tamba Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izumo daijinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tamba.



Tango Province

The province had borders with Tajima, Tamba, and Wakasa provinces.

Maizuru or Miyazu was the capital city of the province.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), Tango was separated from Tamba province. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tango Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Tango faced the Sea of Japan.

"Kono jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tango.



Echigo Province

The province had borders with Uzen, Iwashiro, Kōzuke, Shinano, and Etchū Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Echigo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Echigo faced the Sea of Japan.

"Iyahiko jinju" and "Koko jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Echigo.



Echizen Province

The ancient capital city of the province was at Echizen. 

The boundaries of Echizen were formally established during the reigns of Empress Genshō and Empress Kōken.

Before the boundaries were established, this area including Etchū and Echigo were called Koshi.

In the Edo period, the daimyo of Fukui Domain lived at Fukui.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Echizen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Echizen Provincial office" was established in Nyū (丹生郡, Nyū-gun).

"Kehi jingū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Echizen.

"Ōmushi jinja" was estublished in Suishin emperor 7. It is written in “Engishiki Jinmyoutyou” and the old status of a Shinto shrine is prefectural shrine. 



Kirkpatrick Sale

Kirkpatrick Sale (born in Ithaca, New York, June 27, 1937) is an independent scholar and author who has written about political decentralism, environmentalism, luddism and technology. People say he has a "philosophy unified by decentralism" and as being "a leader of the Neo-Luddites,", an "anti-globalization leftist," and "the theoretician for a new secessionist movement."

Sale grew up in Cayuga Heights, Ithaca, New York, and would later say of the village that he "spent most of my first twenty years there, and that has made an imprint on me–on my philosophy, social attitudes, certainly on my politics–that has lasted powerfully for the rest of my life." He graduated from Cornell University, majoring in history, in 1958. 

He served as editor of the student-owned and managed newspaper, the "Cornell Daily Sun". Sale was one of the leaders of the May 23, 1958 protest against university policies forbidding male and female students fraternizing and its "in loco parentis" policy. Sale and his friend and roommate Richard Farina, and three others, were charged by Cornell. The protest was described in Farina's 1966 novel, "Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me."

In 1958 he collaborated with Thomas Pynchon on an unproduced futuristic musical called "Minstrel Island."

Upon graduating in 1958, Sale married Faith Apfelbaum. She later worked as an editor with Thomas Pynchon, Kurt Vonnegut, Joseph Heller and Amy Tan. Faith died in 1999.

Sale worked initially in journalism for the leftist journal "New Leader", "a magazine founded in 1924 in part by socialists Norman Thomas and Eugene Debs," and the "New York Times Magazine". He then became a freelance journalist. He spent time in Ghana and wrote his first book about it. His second book, "SDS", was about the radical 1960s group Students for a Democratic Society, of which he was a founder. The book "is still considered one of the best sources on the youth activist organization that helped define 1960s radicalism." In 1968, he signed the “Writers and Editors War Tax Protest” pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War. 

Subsequent books explored radical decentralism, bioregionalism, environmentalism, the Luddites and similar themes. He "has been a regular contributor to progressive magazines like "Mother Jones" and "The Nation" for the better part of his writing career," and has continued to write for those publications, as well as for "The American Conservative", "CounterPunch", "The New York Review of Books", and the "Utne Reader". Sale presented public affairs programming for WBAI in the early 1980s and has made appearances on alternative radio over the years.

In his 1990 book, "The Conquest of Paradise: Christopher Columbus and the Columbian Legacy", Sale argued that Christopher Columbus was an imperialist bent on conquest from his first voyage. In a "New York Times" book review, historian and member of the Christopher Columbus Quincentenary Jubilee Committee William H. McNeill wrote about Sale: "he has set out to destroy the heroic image that earlier writers have transmitted to us. Mr. Sale makes Columbus out to be cruel, greedy and incompetent (even as a sailor), and a man who was perversely intent on abusing the natural paradise on which he intruded." The book "Taking Sides: Clashing Views on Controversial Issues in American History" presents a debate between Sale and Robert Royal, vice president for research at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, who insisted that Columbus was a courageous risk-taker who advanced knowledge about other parts of the world.

Sale "has written extensively and skeptically about technology," and has said he is "a great admirer" of anarchoprimitivist John Zerzan. He has described personal computers as "the devil's work" and in the past started public speeches by smashing one. During promotion of his 1995 book "Rebels Against the Future: The Luddites and Their War on the Industrial Revolution", Sale debated with "Newsweek Magazine" senior editor and technology columnist Steven Levy "about the relative merits of the communications age".

Sale has said that he does not "care much for popular music outside some of the Tin Pan Alley era tunes of the early 20th century." For example, "he once heard a 'racket' in a nightclub during ... the 1960s from some 'young man' everyone told him was a 'big deal.' That 'young man' turned out to be Bob Dylan." Kirk recalls that "he’d never heard anything so awful in his life."

In 1995, Sale agreed to a public bet with Kevin Kelly that by the year 2020, there would be three disasters: global currency collapse, significant warfare between rich and poor, and environmental disasters of some significant size. The bet was turned into a claim on the FX prediction market, where the probability has hovered around 25%.

Sale believes that people should be able to break apart large nation-states into small pieces (secession). Sale has been called "one of the intellectual godfathers of the secessionist movement." He argues that the major theme of contemporary history, from the dissolution of the Soviet Union to the expansion of United Nations membership from 51 in 1945 to nations today, is the breakup of great empires. People on both left and right call for smaller, less powerful government.

In 2004, Sale and members of the Second Vermont Republic formed the Middlebury Institute which is dedicated to the study of separatism, secession, and self-determination. Sale is director of the institute. In 2006, Middlebury sponsored the First North American Secessionist Convention, which attracted 40 participants from 16 secessionist organizations and was described as the first gathering of secessionists since the American Civil War. Delegates issued a statement of principles of secession which they presented as the "Burlington Declaration".

In October 2007, the "New York Times" interviewed Sale about the Second North American Secessionist Convention, co-hosted by the Middlebury Institute. Sale told the interviewer, "The virtue of small government is that the mistakes are small as well." He went on to say, "If you want to leave a nation you think is corrupt, inefficient, militaristic, oppressive, repressive, but you don't want to move to Canada or France, what do you do? Well, the way is through secession, where you could stay home and be where you want to be.” The convention received worldwide media attention.

News stories about the Second North American Secessionist Convention in 2007 mentioned the controversial Southern Poverty Law Center's allegations that the other co-sponsor, The League of the South, was a "racist hate group." Sale responded, "They call everybody racists. There are, no doubt, racists in the League of the South, and there are, no doubt, racists everywhere." The Southern Poverty Law Center later criticized the New York Times' October 2007 Peter Applebombe interview of Sale for not covering its allegations.

Sale wrote the foreword to Thomas Naylor's 2008 book "Secession: How Vermont and all the Other States Can Save Themselves from the Empire." Sale continues to speak on secession and other issues around the nation.




Etchū Province

The province had borders with Echigo, Shinano, Hida, Kaga, and Noto provinces. 

The capital city of the province was Takaoka. 

The Noto Peninsula and Noto Province was separated from Etchū during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Etchū Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Takase jinja", "Keta jinja" and "Oyama jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Etchū.



Kaga Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kaga Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Shirayamahime jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kaga. 


Royal New Zealand Navy

The Royal New Zealand Navy is the navy of New Zealand. It is the maritime arm of the New Zealand Defence Force. As of 2023, the Navy have nine ships and fly eight naval helicopters from the Royal New Zealand Air Force. The Navy was formed during World War II on 1st October 1941. Prior to that the Royal Navy had protected New Zealand.

"WIP"

The Navy's fleet is grouped into four groups (also called forces).
Air support uses the SH-2G Seasprite helicopter. They are operated by both the Navy and Air Force. They are part of No. 6 Squadron RNZAF. The helicopters mainly serve on HMNZS Canterbury, the frigates and the Offshore Patrol Vessels (OPVs).
The Navy has one base in Auckland Harbour called the Devonport Naval Base. It is named after the naval base in Plymouth, Britain. The base includes harbour facilities for the whole fleet. It also includes a dry-dock, once the biggest in the Southern Hemisphere, and the Navy's school.

On 1 July 2007 the RNZN had a total of 2,034 Regular Force personnel, 237 Naval Reserve personnel and 378 civilian employees, totalling 2,699. Around 1800 of that total are based at the Devonport Naval base in Auckland.

On 1 January 2011 the RNZN consisted of 2,135 Regular Force personnel, 332 Naval Reserve personnel and 375 civilian staff. 

"This is not a complete list of all Royal Navy vessels. It is a simplified version of only the major units for simplicity."
HMNZS Te Kaha (F77) is one of the navy's two frigates. She entered service in 1997. Her name means "strength" in Maori. She has served in the Persian Gulf and Solomon Islands.

HMNZS Te Mana (F111) is one of the navy's two frigates. She entered service in 1999. Her name means "authority" in Maori. She is regularly sent to the Persian Gulf and Gulf of Oman on patrol.

HMNZS Canterbury (L421) is the navy's flagship. She entered service in 2007. She is named after one of the big cities in New Zealand, Canterbury. The last HMNZS Canterbury was a famous ship in the Navy. She can do a variety of roles to support the Navy and Army. She has responded to all of the major disasters in Australia and New Zealand since her commissioning.

Androidland

Androidland is the first Android retail store, opened by the company Telstra on Bourke Street, Melbourne, Australia, in December 2011. Two more Androidland stores opened in India in 2013. 



Android store

Android store might mean:


Leka, Crown Prince of Albania

Leka, Crown Prince of Albania was Albanian (also known as "King Leka I"; 5 April 193930 November 2011), was the only son of King Zog I of Albania. Leka was also called King Leka of Albania, but he was never the ruler of the country.

He was born in Tirana in 1939. Two days later, the family was forced to leave Albania after Italy invaded the country. When his father died in exile in 1961, Leka was crowned king in a hotel in Paris. He returned to Albania in 1993, but was not allowed to stay in the country. He made a second visit in 1997. The country held a vote to decide whether they wanted to go back to a monarchy or stay as a republic. The country voted for a republic, but Leka said the vote had been changed. His supporters created demonstrations against the government. Several people were killed in the demonstrations. Leka again had to leave Albania. 

In 2002, he made an agreement with the government and came back to Tirana.

He died on 30 November 2011 in Mother Teresa Hospital, Tirana from heart and lung illnesss. He was buried next to his wife’s and mother’s grave at the public Sharra cemetery in a Tirana suburb. Later he was buried in the royal mausoleum.


Prime Minister of Thailand

The Prime Minister of Thailand (; ) is the head of government of Thailand. The Prime Minister is also the chair of the Cabinet of Thailand. The office was created after the Revolution of 1932. This was when the country became a constitutional monarchy. The current prime minister is Srettha Thavisin since 2023.


Graphene

Graphene is one of the forms of carbon. Like diamonds and graphite, the forms (or 'allotropes') of carbon have different crystal structures, and this gives them different properties. Graphene is the basic 2D (two dimensional) form of a number of 3D allotropes, such as graphite, charcoal, fullerene and carbon nanotubes.

The term "graphene" was coined as a combination of graphite and the suffix '-ene' by Hanns-Peter Boehm, who described single-layer carbon foils in 1962. Graphene is like a honeycomb or 'chicken wire' structure, made of carbon atoms and their bonds. Graphite is many graphene sheets stacked together.

Three million graphene sheets stacked to form graphite would be only one millimetre thick.

The Nobel Prize in Physics for 2010 was awarded to Sir Andre Geim and Sir Konstantin Novoselov "for groundbreaking experiments regarding the two-dimensional material graphene".

Graphene supercapacitors are among the possible applications.

An international team from the University of Manchester made a membrane of graphene oxide. They showed it blocked many gases and liquids but let water through. Sir Andre Geim said: "Helium gas is hard to stop. It slowly leaks even through a millimetre-thick window glass but our ultra-thin films completely block it. At the same time, water evaporates through them unimpeded. Materials cannot behave any stranger".

Membranes of graphene will make pretty good bullet-stoppers. Research shows that an atom-thick layer absorbs a hit better than steel. The research team suggests that combining graphene with one or more additional materials to form a composite might be the way forward.

1. Internal Structure

The internal structure of a graphene battery is quite similar to that of a standard lithium-ion battery pack. There are 2 electrodes and an electrolyte solution to enable flow of charge. The difference is that one of the electrodes in graphene-based batteries, mostly the cathode, is replaced with a hybrid composite material (solid-state metal + graphene) used in place of a standard solid-state metal

2. Advantages

Smaller, slimmer battery: Graphene being a two-dimensional material is only a single layer of atoms. To help understand this better, when you stack 3 million layers of graphene is that you get 1 mm thickness. This means that graphene would allow smartphones to be slimmer than ever and provide more space from additional electronics and allow to place higher capacity batteries.

Higher capacity: Graphene has a higher energy capacity for the same size as compared to lithium-ion batteries. While Lithium-ion batteries are known to store up to 180 Wh per kilogram, graphene based batteries capable of storing up to 1,000 Wh per kilogram. So, the same size of graphene battery pack has a higher charge capacity than lithium-ion or other commonly used batteries.

Faster charging times: Graphene is an excellent conductor of electricity. Its two-dimensional honeycomb structure doesn’t offer any resistance to the flow of electrons. So, it can charge quickly and also provide greater endurance compared to lithium ion batteries.

The invention of graphene has led to many patents for its practical application. In 2013 the score was: 

South Korean electronics giant Samsung stands out as the company with most graphene patents to its name.

Toulouse Tech

Toulouse Tech, also known as the Toulouse Institute of Technology is one of the collegiate universities in France. It was created in 2007. It gathers 16 of the best French schools, covering engineering science, management, architecture and veterinary, aiming to be of comparable status to the most famous universities of technology around the world.


From the official website:



Rory Williams

Rory Williams is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".He was played by Arthur Darvill. Rory was first seen at the start of the 5th series. He joined the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith) as a companion in the middle of Series 5. Rory began as Amy Pond's fiancé. He was uncomfortable around the Doctor at first. This was because he believed that Amy cared more for the Doctor than she did for him. Later, he shows that he is truly a hero. Amy learns that she has always loved him and they get married. They conceive Melody Pond inside the TARDIS while it is travelling through time. Their baby is kidnapped at birth. Rory and Amy learn that their daughter is River Song, and become related to the Doctor when he marries River in The Wedding of River Song.

Rory Williams has been a close friend of Amelia "Amy" Pond since they were children. They grew up in Leadworth, a fictional village near Gloucester, in South West England, along with their friend Mels. Mels secretly knows that she is their future daughter, Melody and is, oddly enough, who Melody is named after. (Yes, she is named after herself. Time is all "wibbily-wobbly" like that where the Doctor is involved) The kids often played dress up. Amy makes Rory dress as her "imaginary friend" the "Raggedy Doctor".

Amelia first kisses Rory while dancing the macarena. Amelia grew up thinking of herself as "counting as a boy" and Rory was afraid to ever tell her his feelings toward her. She never thought that Rory was in love with her. Because he had never shown any romantic interest in other girls, she thought he was gay. Because of this, she never acted on her own feelings towards him. A year or two before the Doctor returns to Leadworth, Mels tells Rory and Amy that they have feelings for each other. This starts their relationship and in the end causes herself to actually be born.

Rory is first seen in "The Eleventh Hour" (2010). At this point he is in a romantic relationship with Amy (Karen Gillan). In 2008, he works as a nurse at the local hospital. He is curious about coma patients that he sees in the village. He is shocked to meet Amy's 'imaginary' "Raggedy Doctor" (the Eleventh Doctor - Matt Smith). Although meeting him is confusing, he know it is the Doctor without being told.

During the next two years, the Rory and Amy decide to get married. The Doctor returns the night before Rory and Amy's wedding. She travels in time with him but only after the Doctor promises to return her before the next morning. After Amy tried to seduce the Doctor, the Doctor takes her and Rory to 1580s Venice to fix the couple's relationship. Rory has always a problem with the Doctor because of his connection with Amy and her interest in him. He grows more annoyed and even paranoid with the relationship. It gets worse when the Doctor tells Rory that she kissed him. When Rory says that they should go back to Leadworth, Amy asks him to travel with them. The Doctor agrees and Rory accepts. In the episode "Amy's Choice", They have a shared dream in which they are married and Amy is pregnant. As Rory is about to die, he tells Amy to look after their baby. This causes Amy to see how much she loves him. Rory travels with the Doctor and Amy until "Cold Blood". In that episode, he is shot dead after saving the Doctor. He is then absorbed by a crack in time and space. The crack removes him all of time. As he is a part of Amy's history, she does not remembers him any more because he never existed He was removed from existence completely.

He is seen again in "The Pandorica Opens". He is a Roman soldier in AD 102. It is shown that it is not really him but a plastic duplicate with Rory's memories. He tried to fight his programming, but still shoots Amy. In the last episode of series 5, "The Big Bang", the false Rory frees the Doctor from the Pandorica. He puts Amy inside the Pandorica to keep her safe. The Pandorica is said to be the greatest prison. It was built to keep the person inside it healthy forever. The fake Rory guarded the Pandorica (and Amy) for 1,894 years. He became known as the "Last Centurion". He guarded the Pandorica wherever it was taken. He moved it to safety when the warehouse in London it was being kept in was destroyed during The Blitz. Finally, he helped a young Amy open the Pandorica and set free the adult Amy who had been fully healed over time. The Auton Rory helped the Doctor, Amy, and River Song (Alex Kingston) save the universe from the explosion that caused the cracks in time.

After the cracks were fixed, Rory was returned to his timeline. Everyone's memories were returned and he and Amy got married. When the Doctor went to the reception, he called Rory "Mr Pond". Rory did not like the name at first but accepted that is basically the truth. The Doctor left Rory and Amy for their honeymoon.

In series 6, Rory is a full-time companion. After the Doctor saves the cruise ship they were on during their honymoon from crashing, Rory and Amy join him again in the TARDIS. After some time travelling with the Doctor, Rory and Amy return to Leadworth for two months.

Rory and the Doctor are friends but their relationship is troubled by Rory's feelings that Amy may love the Doctor more than him. In "Day of the Moon", he thinks that some of the things he hears Amy say are about the Doctor and not about him. He later learns that the comments were about him. He also gets concerned when he hears Amy tell to the Doctor that she never told Rory that she thought she was pregnant. He forgives this when he learns that she was worried that would be a problem with the baby because of traveling in the TARDIS so much.

Sometime before "The Rebel Flesh", the Doctor learns that the Amy with them is not the real Amy. She is a "Flesh" avatar. The real Amy had been kidnapped. At the end of "The Almost People", Rory did not know it was not the real Amy. When the Doctor tells him to move away from Amy, Rory does not want to but finally trusts the Doctor. Rory lets the Doctor destroy the false Amy just as the real Amy begins to give birth to her baby. Amy gives birth to their daughter Melody Pond, between "The Almost People" and "A Good Man Goes To War". The baby is kidnapped and replaced by a Flesh version as Rory and the Doctor fight to get to them. Rory shows courage against a group of Cybermen. He destroys their fleet with help from the Doctor. Rory's memories of being a centurion in the alternate timeline help him to fight the Headless Monks. After the battle, Rory helps a dying Sontaran nurse. In his final words, the Sonaran speaks of Rory and himself both being a warrior and a nurse. At the end of the episode River Song appears and it is learned that she is the daughter of Amy and Rory. In the alien language of the people who raised her there are no words for Melody or Pond. The closest translation of "Melody" and "Pond" is "River" and "Song". In "Let's Kill Hitler", it is learned that Rory and Amy named their daughter Melody after their childhood friend Mels. Rory and Amy later learn that Mels is also Melody. They also see her regenerate into River Song.

As they travel, Rory sees that it can be dangerous to be on the TARDIS. He gets to the point in his travels that he tells the Doctor he does not want to travel any more if they are going to always be as risk.

In "The God Complex" Rory is the only person on the TARDIS is not hunted by the creature that feeds on faith. The Doctor thinks this is because Rory has no faith of his own. Rory also says that after traveling in the TARDIS there was very few things he was afraid of any more. The Doctor sees the danger he is putting his friends in. He takes Amy and Rory back to Earth and gives them a house and a car as a gift.

When River creates an alternate reality by not killing the Doctor at Lake Silencio, Rory is now "Captain Williams". He is a soldier working for Amy Pond. They are not a couple in this version of history but Rory is still in love with Amy. He almost dies fighting the Silence, but is saved by Amy. The two are at River's marriage to the Doctor. In the now-fixed (main) timeline, Rory and Amy are still married and Amy has become a model/spokeswoman for a line of perfume. They are visited by their daughter River, who tells them that the Doctor is still alive.

The fact that Rory dies often has been criticized. Digital Spy reviewer Morgan Jeffery wrote, "One of the key elements in Doctor Who is obviously the sense of danger and the lingering presence of death, but Rory's repeated demises and resurrections are now becoming so frequent that comparisons to "South Park's" Kenny seem almost inevitable." "SFX" gave Rory the third spot in the top 10 resurrections of science fiction TV. It said "it's becoming a cliché. But it's not one we mind too much, mainly because it's always done with such gusto. Except, perhaps, in the pirates episode which was a fairly gusto free zone all round".

However, critics have liked that Rory has had many times to be heroic in series 6. After "A Good Man Goes to War" as broadcast, io9's Charlie Jane Anders compared the character to Wesley Wyndam-Pryce (Alexis Denisof). That character's story in American television programmes "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" showed him changing from comic relief to a warrior. Anders said: "Yes, we're thrilled that Rory is getting his Wesley Wyndam-Pryce on. Badass Rory is, as we already observed, totally badass. But this episode exemplified the recent trend towards Amy being reduced to a bystander, victim, or worse." 
Rory's change into a heroic character has also led to a series of "Rory Williams Facts" in the style of the popular Chuck Norris Facts internet meme.


Queen's Gambit Declined

The Queen's Gambit Declined is a chess opening which starts with 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6. It is an old opening, and one of the most important. It is often used in top-class play. In this opening, called QGD for short, the struggle for the centre is the strategy of both players. Unlike the Queen's Gambit Accepted, Black keeps his pawn on d5 protected. A simple example:

Here White has more space, and Black has to decide how to develop his pieces. It is easier to play the white pieces in this kind of position. However, overall, black players do as well with this defence as with most others. Best for Black in this position is 10...Ne4 or 10...Re8.

Connie Talbot

Connie Victoria Elizabeth Talbot (born 20 November 2000) is an English singer-songwriter. She became famous after competing in "Britain's Got Talent". She lost at the finals.

In "Britain's Got Talent", she sang "Somewhere Over the Rainbow". This led her to the semi-finals. She then competed in but was defeated at the finals.

After her success, Talbot began posting Youtube videos since 2008. Most of them were videos of her singing. Some gained over 10 million views.

She is also a professional mermaid.

Talbot released three albums, with the first one released in 2007, and the second and third ones in 2008 and 2009.


Slovene language

Slovene (or "Slovenian") is a language. It is the official language of Slovenia.

Experts estimate that 2.5 million people can understand and speak Slovene. It is a Slavic language, written for more than 1000 years. The earliest written records are the Freising manuscripts.

In 2004, it became an official language of the European Union (there are 24 official languages in total). The standard Slovene alphabet has 25 letters. The letters come from the Latin alphabet. Slovene words are usually pronounced how they are spelled.

Examples : 

Evgeny Tomashevsky

Evgeny Tomashevsky, born 1 July 1987 in Saratov, is a Russian chess grandmaster. In 2001 he won the U18 Russian championship in Rybinsk with 9/10 and in 2004 he became second in the U18 World Youth Chess Championship. In 2007 he became second in the Aeroflot Open.

In 2009 Tomashevsky won the 10th European Individual Chess Championship after tie-breaks. The decisive match against Vladimir Malakhov went into armageddon, where Malakhov blundered a rook in a winning position. 

He was a member of the gold-medal-winning Russian team at the World Team Chess Championship 2009 in Bursa. In 2011, he tied for 1st-3rd with Nikita Vitiugov and Le Quang Liem in the Aeroflot Open.

Tomashevsky's style of play is described as being mostly positional.


International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools

The International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools (IAAPS) is an association of pilot training organizations created in 1995. IAAPS is recognized by national and international aviation authorities. IAAPS is part of the rulemaking group of the European Aviation Safety Agency. (EASA)

In 1990, the so-called "Cyprus Agreement" caused the European Joint Aviation Authority (JAA) to be established.

In 1995, the European Association of Airline Pilot Schools (EAAPS) was established.

The EAAPS was active in the pan-European project to define and standardize the depth and scope of flight training within the JAA. One of the results was the "Joint Aviation Requirement Flight Crew Licensing code" (JAR-FCL).

In 2009, the EAAPS became a worldwide association. The name or the organization was changed changed to IAAPS.

As a global pilot shortage grows, IAAPS members work together to maintain and improve the quality standards of pilot training. Aviation training improves air safety standards.

IAAPS is recognized by the EASA as the representative of the training industry. IAAPS activities include 

IAAPS helped to develop "learning objectives" for aircraft and helicopters. These were published by the JAA and then by EASA.

The membership is comprised of aviation training organizations. Each member organization is certified nationally. The international membership is expanding.















Institute of Space, its Applications and Technologies

The Institut au service du spatial, de ses applications et technologies (ISSAT) is the French name for the Institute of Space, its applications and technologies. Supported by French Ministry of Education, the organisation was created in 1995 to develop aerospace activities in Toulouse. It also helps promote the distribution of aerospace expertise in France and Europe.

The ISSAT has 13 members:


Super Bowl XXXVIII

Super Bowl XXXVIII was the thirty-eighth Super Bowl. The teams in the game were the Carolina Panthers from the NFC and the New England Patriots from the AFC. New England won the game 32-29. The performers at the halftime show were Spirit of Houston, Janet Jackson, Justin Timberlake, OutKast, P. Diddy, Kid Rock, and Nelly. The halftime show created controversy when Janet Jackson's breast was shown by Justin Timberlake to everyone who was watching the show.

Super Bowl XXXIX

Super Bowl XXXIX was the thirty-ninth Super Bowl. The teams in the game were the Philadelphia Eagles from the NFC and the New England Patriots from the AFC. New England won the game 24-21. Paul McCartney performed in the halftime show.

Charles George Gordon

Charles George Gordon (28 January 1833 – 26 January 1885) was a British Army officer and mercenary. He served the Khedive of Egypt as Governor of the Sudan. He was killed by supporters of Muhammed Ahmed, the Mahdi, a rebel against Egyptian rule in the country.

Gordon was born in London in 1833, where his father was a major in the Royal Artillery. While still a very small child the family moved to Dublin so his father could work on modernising the guns at the Pigeon House Fort. In 1837 they moved to Edinburgh when his father was posted to Leith Fort. The family were then sent to the island of Corfu where his father had to arrange for the guns to be placed in new positions. Gordon 's parents wanted him to have an English education so he was sent to Fullands School at Taunton. When he turned 14 he attended the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich. He was often bullied, and he would become quiet and withdrawn. He go for several days without speaking to anyone. He would stand still and stare at the bullies until they felt uncomfortable and stopped. Gordon was accused of having bullied other students, and was punished by having to stay at the college for another term. He passed his exams and joined the Royal Engineers on the 23 June 1852.

Gordon worked as an engineer repairing various army buildings in Chatham, and repairing the fort at Pembroke. In 1855 he was sent to the Crimean War and took part in the siege of Sebastopol. After the war, Gordon was sent to survey and map the border between Russia and the Romanian principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia. In May 1857 he was sent to map the border between Russia and Turkey. He was awarded a Turkish war medal and the French Legion of Honour. Gordon returned to England at the end of 1858, where he was promoted to major, and took up a post at Chatham.

At the end of the Second Opium War in 1860, Gordon was sent to China with a force of soldiers to protect British interests. In 1863 he was put in charge of the "Ever Victorious Army", a mercenary army under the command of European officers. This army was to fight the Niang rebellion against the Manchu, and later the Taiping Rebellion. Gordon was able to create a highly disciplined and successful fighting force. By careful planning he was able to lead the Ever Victorious Army to victory of the rebels. The Chinese Emperor made him a Field Marshall in the Imperial Army and presented him with China's highest award, the peacock feather. The British Army promoted him to Lieutenant Colonel and he was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath. He returned to England at the end of 1864.

Gordon was made Commandant of Engineers at Gravesend. He had the job of repairing the forts guarding the Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury. Gordon was horrified by the number of poor people, especially old people and children. A man of strong religious belief, Gordon felt is was his duty to God to help provide food, clothing and education for these people. He spent about 90% of his army pay on the poor. The poor boys he called "Wangs", after the Chinese Princes of the Heavenly Kingdom of Great Peace.

Rhythmite

A rhythmite is layers of sediment or sedimentary rock laid down in a repeated pattern. This pattern may be varves, which are an annual pattern, or shorter or longer-term rhymites. Tides in some places have left rhythmites.

Rhythmites can show long-term prehistoric events, such as periodic floods, sea level changes, glaciation changes, earth's orbital variations, and other periodic climate changes.

Many rock formations show repeating patterns of strata. For example, clay layers may alternate with sandstone layers; or carbonate layers alternate with shales. This is usually caused by repeating cycles of climate. In warmer times the sea rises, and carbonate rocks are deposited in shallow subtropical seas. Later, ice builds up at the poles and the sea level drops. Then the same area is close to shore, and gets sand and mud washed down by rivers.

Deposits on land show patterns for similar reasons. A low-lying area will be a lake or a swamp during hot, wet periods, and maybe a desert or a mudflat during dry periods. Erosion takes place during the dry periods, and deposition takes place during the wet periods.

However, temperature and sea-level changes are not the only causes of rhythmites. In volcanic areas a pattern of deposition in lakes may be regularly interrupted by eruptions of volcanic ash, so that in the record of the rocks shales and mudstone alternates with tuff.

Varve

A varve is a pattern in sediment which is made by annual processes (deposits which vary during the year). Varves are amongst the smallest-scale events in stratigraphy. They form only in fresh or brackish water. Varves are important in palynology, and can be fossilized as rhythmites.

The classic varve archetype is a light/dark-coloured couplet deposited in a glacial lake. The light layer is usually silt and fine sand deposited when spring meltwater brings sediment into the lake. 

During winter, when meltwater and its sediment is reduced and the lake surface freezes, fine clay-size sediment is deposited forming a dark-coloured layer.

Varve formation needs the absence of bioturbation (lake bottom disturbed by animals). Therefore, varves usually form under anoxic conditions.

Sundown town

A sundown town is a town that is or was purposely all-white. The term is widely used in the United States in areas from Ohio to Oregon and well into the South. The term came from signs that were allegedly posted stating that people of color had to leave the town by sundown. The minority people could not visit after sunset or spend the night in the town (even as a paying hotel customer). Such towns are also sometimes called “sunset towns” or “gray towns”.
Some towns placed signs at the town's boundary with statements similar to the one posted in Hawthorne, California, which read "Nigger, Don't Let The Sun Set On YOU In Hawthorne" in the 1930s.

In some cases, keeping minorities out was official town policy, through restrictive covenants written in land deeds, or by agreement between the real estate agents of the community. In others, the policy was enforced through intimidation. For example, law enforcement officers could stop all minorities found after sunset.

Though no one knows the number of sundown towns in the United States, the largest estimate was that the nation had several thousand. The highest proportion of confirmed sundown towns are in the state of Illinois. It is difficult to confirm sunset towns because the towns did not keep, or do not want to show, official documents stating their status as sundown towns. For example, "One Hundred Years of Progress: The Centennial History of Anna, Illinois," although more than 400 pages long, never mentions Anna's 1909 expulsion of African Americans, the sundown signs at the northern and southern city limits in 1954, or anything else about race. 

Since the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and especially since the Civil Rights Act of 1968 prohibited racial discrimination concerning the sale, rental, and financing of housing, the number of sundown towns has decreased. However, as sociologist James Loewen writes in his book on the subject, it is impossible to precisely count the number of sundown towns at any given time, because most towns have not kept records of the ordinances or signs that marked the town's sundown status. His book, "Sundown Towns: A Hidden Dimension of American Racism", notes that hundreds of cities across America have been sundown towns at some point in their history.

Loewen's book mentions that sundown status meant more than just African-Americans not being able to live in these towns. Essentially any African-Americans (or sometimes other groups) who came into sundown towns after sundown were subject to harassment, threats, and violent acts—up to and including lynching.

In addition to the expulsion of African Americans from some small towns, Chinese Americans and other minorities were also driven out of some of the towns where they lived. Loewen says one example is that in 1870, Chinese made up one-third of the population of Idaho. Following a wave of violence and an 1886 anti-Chinese convention in Boise, almost none remained by 1910. The town of Gardnerville, Nevada, is said to have blown a whistle at 6 p.m. daily alerting Native Americans to leave by sundown.
In addition, Jews were excluded from living in some sundown towns, such as Darien, Connecticut.

James Loewen's book, "Sundown Towns" describes sundown towns. Several other books also show the existence of sundown towns. Sundown towns are mentioned in "Following the Color Line", by Ray Stannard Baker; "Free But Not Equal", by V. Jacque Voegeli; "Black Ohio and the Color Line", by David Gerber; "The Negro in Indiana", by Emma Thornbrough; "Mobile Americans: Residential and Social Mobility in Omaha", by Howard Chudacoff; "Race and Kinship in a Midwestern Town", by James DeVries; "The Sociogenesis of a Race Riot" by Roberta Senechal. Visual treatments include Robby Heason, "Trouble Behind" (Cicada Films, 1990), and Marco Williams, "Banished" (banishedthefilm.com/).


Punta Gorda, Belize

Punta Gorda (called P. G. by the locals) is a city in the southern part of Belize. It is the capital of the district (state) of Toledo. About 6,400 people live there. Punta Gorda has a tiny airport. Every Saturday, people come to Punta Gorda from all over Toledo District to buy and sell items in an open-air market.

Punta Gorda is a seaport and fishing town on the Caribbean Sea. It was a small fishing village before being settled by a number of Garifuna who came from Honduras in 1823. The town is about fifteen feet above sea level.

Well-known people from Punta Gorda include paranda musician Paul Nabor and Belize's 'Queen of Brukdown', Leela Vernon.

Deaths in 2012

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2012.










Noto Province

The province had borders with Etchū and Kaga provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Nanao.

Noto Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Noto Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Keta jinja" was the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Noto. 


Sado Province

Sado Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In 1221, Emperor Juntoku was sent into exile on Sado Island. The former emperor is sometimes identified as because his last years were spent at Sado. Juntoku remained at Sado until his death in 1242. 

In the Edo period, Gold was discovered and mined. The Sado mines were added to the tentative World Heritage List in 2010.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Sado Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Sado is an island in the Sea of Japan. It was off the coast of Echigo Province.

"Watatsu-jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Sado. 


Louise I. Shelley

Louise I. Shelley is a professor at George Mason University in Virginia. She is also founder and director of the Terrorism, Transnational Crime and Corruption Center (TraCCC).

She graduated from Cornell University "cum laude" in Penology and Russian literature in 1972. While there, she co-founded the Risley Residential College. She served on the Cornell Board of Trustees. She got a M.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in Criminology in 1973. In 1973/74, she held a Columbia University, International Research and Exchanges Board (IREX) Fellowship used to study in the Sociology Department, Law School and the Russian Institute. In 1977, Shelley earned a Ph.D. in Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania.

She joined the American University as an Assistant Professor in 1977. She became a full professor in 1986. In 2007, she moved to George Mason University. Shelley has studied at Moscow State University as a Fulbright-Hayes Fellow.

She studied the prison system of Russia and other nations. She studies how criminals make their money hard to trace (money laundering).



Wakasa Province

The province had borders with Echizen, Ōmi, Tamba, Tango, and Yamashiro Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Obama.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Wakasa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Wakasahiko jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Wakasa. 


Bob Anderson

Robert James Gilbert Anderson (September 15, 1922–January 1, 2012) was an English athlete who represented Great Britain in the fencing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He choreographed the sword fights for many movies including Star Wars and The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy.

He was born in Hampshire on September 15, 1922, and during World War II he was a member of the British Royal Marines. He used his sword fighting skills in many movies starting with "The Master of Ballantrae", based on the book by Robert Louis Stevenson. During the filming he accidentally stabbed Errol Flynn in the leg. Anderson was the person dressed as Darth Vader in the sword fights in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi". He also arranged the sword fights in all three of the Lord of the Rings movies. Other movie credits included the James Bond movies, "From Russia With Love" and "Die Another Day", "The Princess Bride", "The Three Musketeers (1993 movie)", "The Mask of Zorro", and "The Legend of Zorro".

Geli Raubal

Geli Raubal (June 4, 1908–September 18, 1931), sometimes known as Angela Raubal was Adolf Hitler's half-niece. She was born in Linz, Austria-Hungary. She shot herself dead in Hitler's apartment in Munich, Weimar Republic. She is buried in Zentralfriedhof, Vienna, Austria.



Tamara Toumanova

Tamara Toumanova ( March 2, 1919 – May 29, 1996) was an American ballerina and actress of Georgian descent. Toumanova is notable for ballet, and she also acted in several movies.

Tournova became an American citizen in 1943. She married her second husband, Casey Robinson, a Hollywood script writer and producer, in 1944.

Shortly after the Russian Revolution of 1917, Toumanova's mother, Eugenia Toumanova, left Georgia, Russia looking for her first husband, Konstantin Zakharov. She was pregnant at the time. She gave birth to Toumanova in Siberia. It has been verified that Toumanova is of Georgian ancestry.

Toumanova's parents became separated during the revolution. Toumanova was 18 months old before her parents were found each other. The family went from Russia to Shanghai, China. They lived there for a year. They then moved to Cairo. After living in refugee camps, the family moved to Paris. There was a large Russian émigré community there.

After moving to Paris, Toumanova was given piano lessons and studied ballet with Olga Preobrajenska. Toumanova said she was her "first and only permanent teacher" and an "immortal friend". She made her debut at the Paris Opera at the age of ten in the children's ballet "L'Éventail de Jeanne". George Balanchine saw her in ballet class and hired her for de Basil's Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo as one of the three "baby ballerinas".


Faizal Yusof

Faizal Yusof (1979 - 1 January 2011) was a Malaysian actor. He acted in the popular television series "Tiramisu and Manjalara". He died from heart failure, and was buried in the Batu Mudu Muslim Cemetery in Kuala Lumpur.

Valery Rozhdestvensky

Valery Ilyich Rozhdestvensky (February 13, 1939–August 31, 2011) was a USSR cosmonaut.

Rozhdestvensky was born in Leningrad and studied engineering at the Higher Military Engineering School of the Soviet Navy in Pushkin. From 1961 to 1965 he was commander of a deep sea diving unit in the Baltic Sea War Fleet. 

He was chosen to be a cosmonaut on October 23, 1965 and flew as Flight Engineer on Soyuz 23 in 1976. After his space flight he continued to work with the space program at the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center. He retired on June 24, 1986 and worked with Metropolis Industries.

Awa Province (Tokushima)

Awa had borders with Tosa, Sanuki, and Iyo Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Awa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōasahiko jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Awa. 


Teapot Rock

Teapot Rock is a rock formation in Natrona County, Wyoming. A nearby oil field is named after the rock. The oil field was the focus of a bribery scandal during the administration of Warren G. Harding, the Teapot Dome scandal. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

The eroded sandstone formation is tall and is about in circumference. It is a few hundred yards east of Wyoming Highway 259, about north of Casper, Wyoming in the Powder River Basin near Teapot Creek. 

The outline of the rock once resembled a teapot and gave its name to several man-made and natural features, including a geologic structural uplift known as the Teapot Dome, and an oil field about east.

In 1915, U.S. Navy was converting its ships to oil-fired boilers. The Navy bought the Teapot Dome Oil Field. It was called "Naval Petroleum Reserve Number Three" as part of a program to ensure that the Navy would have sufficient fuel reserves in an emergency. It was one of several related fields in the area, the largest of which was the Salt Creek Oil Field. By comparison with the Salt Creek Field's peak production of of 1923, the Teapot Dome field had about 64 wells, with few producing more than 150 barrels per day (24 m/d).


Ghost Adventures

Ghost Adventures is a weekly American paranormal television series that started on October 17, 2008 on the Travel Channel. Produced by MY-Tupelo Entertainment, the program follows and stars ghost hunters Zak Bagans, Nick Groff, and Aaron Goodwin, as they investigate locations that are reported to be haunted. Hosted and narrated by Bagans, the show airs new episodes on Fridays at 9 p.m. Eastern Time on the Travel Channel. Nick Groff of the Ghost Adventures crew confirmed there will be a sixth season that will premier in 2012.


Paranormal television

Paranormal television is a genre of popular reality television programming. It is about real investigations of paranormal phenomena, instead of fictional representations found in such shows as "The Ghosts of Motley Hall" and "Ghostbusters", or cartoon/children's series such as "Scooby Doo" and "Rentaghost".

Awaji Province

Awaji Island is between Honshū and the island of Shikoku. Awaji means literally "Road to Awa". It was the route for traveling to Awa Province from the central part of Japan. 

In 764, Emperor Junnin was sent into exile on Awaji. He died on the island in 765. The former emperor was known as "Awaji no Haitei."

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Awaji Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izanagi jingu" was the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Awaji. 


Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars

Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars (released as "Circle of Blood" in the US) is a point-and-click adventure game released to the PC on November 5, 1996. It was released on the PlayStation in December that same year and on the Game Boy Advance March 19, 2002. It has also been released to the Mobile phone, and re-released to the Wii, PC, Mac OS X, Nintendo DS and iOS as a "director's cut". According to Charles Cecil, it sold around a 1,000,000 copies in the mid-1990s. The game follows George Stobbart - a young American patent lawyer, who is a eye witness and victim of a bomb attack on a small Parisian cafe.

In 1994,Charles Cecil, Noirin Carmody and Sean Brennan invented the game while having dinner together and talking about the mythology of the Templars. The game is serious in tone, but also has plenty of humor and graphics animated in a style of classic animated movies. The game takes place in both real and fictional locations. "The Shadow of the Templars" was the third game built with the Virtual Theatre engine.

Critics praised "The Shadow of the Templars" for its story, puzzles, voice acting, dialog and gameplay. The Game was spawned by a number of sequels. They are known as the Broken Sword series. Cecil also led the development of the sequel, "Broken Sword II: The Smoking Mirror". Revolution released a remake in 2009, which also got very good reviews from the gaming press.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" is a 2D adventure game played from a third-person perspective. Through a point-and-click interface, the player takes the role of George Stobbart through the game's world. A player interacts with the environment by selecting from multiple commands.

Players must properly construct action combinations between commands and the world's objects in order to successfully solve puzzles and progress in the game.

While talking with other characters, the player can choose between topics for discussion, such as objects from your inventory (on top of the screen), or other (on the bottom of the screen). 
The in-game action is often interrupted by cutscenes, non-interactive animated sequences that are used to provide information about character personalities and advance the plot. Like other Revolution Software's Games, in "The Shadow of the Templars", the player character's death is possible.

The audio of the game includes recorded sound effects, orchestral music and recorded voices of voice actors. The game graphics are animated in a style of classic animated films. The game was directed by Charles Cecil and the original score was composed by Barrington Pheloung.

Judging by the likes of the surroundings (and the opening quote: "Paris in the Fall. The last months of the year, and the end of millennium..."), "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" is supposedly set at the time of the release of the game. The game follows George Stobbart (voiced by Rolf Saxon), an American patent lawyer on vacation, travelling Europe, in Paris who is knocked out by the explosion caused by man dressed as a clown. Throughout the game you meet many other characters, including Nicole Collard (voiced by Hazel Ellerby), Khan, Flobbage, André Lobineau, Sergeant Moue, Inspector Rosso, Flap and Guido, Lady Piermont, Sean Fitzgerald, Countess de Vasconcellos, The Hendersons, Plantard, Nigel Peagram (a.k.a. Molly Peagram), Jacques Marquet, Pierre Carchon, Bruno Ostvald, Eklund, Klausner, The Grand Master etc.

The game starts of in Paris, France. Later in the game you also visit many other countries, including Ireland, Syria, Spain and Scotland.

The game opens in Paris with journalist Nicole Collard receiving a request to go to Palais Royale to interview a famous media tycoon and potential candidate for President of France, Pierre Carchon, also famous for his lecherous behaviour. A mime hangs around outside Carchon's home, whom Nico ignores and carries on inside the house. She meets Carchon's wife, Imelda, and Carchon reveals he knew Nico's father very well, Thierry Collard. Soon, there is a noise in the drawing room, Carchon investigates only to be shot. Nico rushes to the scene to see the mime over Pierre's corpse. She is knocked to the ground before she can do anything and wakes up to find Imelda going to call the police.

After persuading her that she wants to find the truth and help, Imelda allows Nico to access Carchon's room, which contains an elephant carving exactly the same as that of Nico's father and a stone cylinder, which contains a hidden code of letters. On Carchon's corpse, Nico discovers a ticket stamped "Bateaux de la Conciergerie" and goes to investigate the dock. By using the letters on the cylinder, she discovers a secret office area where Carchon and many others met for business. After writing her story up and publishing it, her editor tells her to drop the story at which Nico becomes angry. However, she receives a mysterious phone call from a man called Plantard who tells her he needs to speak to her about her story.

The next day, an American tourist George Stobbart enjoys a coffee at a Parisian cafe and sees an old man entering the cafe with a briefcase. Almost immediately, a clown arrives with an accordion, who steals the man's briefcase and drops his accordion. The accordion detonates and blows the cafe up. George manages to survive and investigates the cafe. He is soon interrogated by Augustin Rosso, a renowned police inspector who utilizes psychic techniques to question witnesses. George then meets Nico outside the cafe taking pictures, who explains that she was meant to meet the old man, Plantard. After agreeing to help with her story, George traces the clown's steps to the nearby sewers. Acquiring the clown's nose and a scrap of material, he exits the sewers and meets a war veteran, who explains a man exited the sewers before with a briefcase. Showing the scrap of material prompts the veteran to reveal the killer dropped his jacket and gives George the tailor's name and phone number. George attempts to find out more from the tailor, Todryk, but without the killer's name, Todryk is uncooperative.

George goes to Nico's apartment and she discovers an address inside the clown's nose for the costume shop where it was purchased. George goes there and learns the killer's name, Khan and that he hired both a clown and a pixie costume. Todryk then tells George of the Hotel Ubu, the killer's accommodation. Outside the hotel are two shady characters, Flap and Guido, who search George's pockets searching for something important. With the help of an English aristocrat, Lady Piermont, George obtains an ancient manuscript from the hotel safe, which Khan deposited. While infiltrating Khan/Mourlin's hotel room, he also finds a matchbook from the Club Alamut, which seems Middle Eastern. After evading Flap and Guido who are searching for the manuscript and returning to Nico, she deduces the manuscript is related to the Knights Templar, a wealthy and powerful order of knights wrongly accused of heresy and burned at the stake by the Inquisition. The plan was hatched by Philip IV of France and Pope Clement V in a bid to gain the Templars' amassed wealth but the treasure remained hidden. On the manuscript, there are several pictures: A knight with a sword and a bull, between them a gem is balanced on a tripod; A knight with a crystal ball; A man weaving on a loom with a ship in the background; a woman looking at a looking glass to see three bearded faces. Seeking help at the Crune Museum, George discovers the tripod on the manuscript is in the museum itself, being discovered in Lochmarne, Ireland. Nico explains a professor named Peagram had an excavation in the village.

George travels to Lochmarne, Ireland and questions a man named Sean Fitzgerald about working at Peagram's dig. Fitzgerald reveals they found a hidden Templar chapel beneath the local castle ruins and Peagram entrusted a package to him, to be delivered to a 'Jacques Marquet'. Fitzgerald panics and attempts to flee, only to be run over by a Ferrari driven by a man in a pixie costume (Khan). George offers to fix the landlord's beer pumps and goes into the cellar, discovering Sean's package, a gleaming gem that Peagram discovered, identical to the one on the manuscript. Making his way inside the castle, George uses some plaster of Paris to open a secret door where he discovers a mural of a hanged man with 'Montfaucon' underneath. Meanwhile, Nico attempts to find out more about her father's involvement with Carchon. She deduces quickly that Imelda is in danger and rushes to Palais Royale to save her. Nico is too late but the dying Imelda gives Nico a key, which fits the box her father gave her. Nico opens the box and finds out the truth. Her father and Imelda were lovers and her father worked for the government as a sort of spy against Carchon's secret organization.

Back in Paris, George tracks down Jacques Marquet to the Hagenmeyer clinic. Posing as a doctor George gains access to Marquet's ward and finds him suffering from serious wounds. Marquet reveals he has hired Flap and Guido to steal the tripod from the Crune Museum. Another doctor soon intercedes and George exits. Soon, Marquet's ECG machine goes haywire, prompting security to bust open the door. They discover Marquet has been suffocated and the bogus doctor has escaped. George then asks Nico's old colleague, Andre Lobineau at the Crune Museum for his help with the manuscript. He also reveals Montfaucon is a place in Paris. George hides in an Egyptian sarcophagus until nightfall when Flap and Guido attempt to steal the tripod. George is successful in distracting them until he loses consciousness, when another unidentified thief breaks through the skylight and steals the tripod. Back at Nico's, Nico reveals she herself was the thief and gives George the tripod. George goes to Montfaucon and enters the sewers, where he discovers a secret meeting of important people including a Nobel Prize winner George met at the hotel, claiming to be the Templars. They discuss that they are looking for the Sword of Baphomet and that one of them, Klausner has gone to Syria to get a lens. George deduces that Plantard and Peagram were members of this organisation as well. The player also assumes Carchon was involved too. As they leave, George uses the tripod and gem, which splits a beam of light and lights up letters spelling 'Marib'. Nico explains Marib is a village in Syria.

George travels to Syria and discovers that Khan has already been here and asked about George and Klausner. A taxi driver named Ultar offers to drive to Bull's Head where Khan requested to go. Exploring Syria, George meets Duane and Pearl Henderson, an American couple looking for ancient souvenirs. He also deduces that the crystal ball on the manuscript is in fact the lens that Klausner was meant to obtain. George finds a statue on a stand belonging to a boy, Nejo. George sells this to Duane for $50, allowing George to pay to go to Bull's Head Hill. At the Bull's Head, George finds Klausner's corpse and takes the lens. He also discovers an idol with three bearded faces (Baphomet) and a Latin inscription describing Britain. Khan then arrives and holds George at gunpoint but George manages to escape jumping off the cliff onto Ultar's truck.

Back in Paris, Andre has deciphered part of the manuscript and it leads to the De Vasconcellos family in Spain, who were once connected with the Templars. George travels to the Villa of the family, discovering only the Countess and her gardener Lopez remain. Sneaking past Lopez, George manages to convince the Countess of his intentions and she leads him to the De Vasconcellos mausoleum, where George discovers a chessboard puzzle. Solving it opens up a panel with the De Vasconcellos chalice inside. The Countess entrusts it to George and wants him to find her missing ancestor Don Carlos.

Back in Paris, George travels to Montfaucon where the local priest polishes the chalice. Meanwhile, George uses the lens on the statue in the church and looks through it to discover a hidden image of a burning man. The image on the chalice matches a tomb in the church, and George deduces that it is in fact Don Carlos' tomb. Andre reveals that an idol of Baphomet has been discovered in Paris. George visits the site, and manages to create a copy of the guard's key using the remaining plaster of Paris, soap and paint. He gains access to the excavation and puts the chalice near the idol where the reflection shows the image of a church with a square tower. George visits the Countess again with Biblical references on Carlos' tomb. They show the way to a secret area inside a well where George discovers a chessboard mural with a river running through it.

With the clues they have (the river, the church and the Latin phrase), George, Nico and Andre work out that the Templars are heading for Bannockburn in Scotland. George and Nico catch a train there, but Flap and Guido are aboard having followed them. George discovers Nico along with an old woman are missing. He reaches the guard's carriage where the old woman (Khan) throws Flap out of the carriage while Eklund (the bogus doctor who killed Marquet) is knocked out after shooting Khan. George and Nico reach the church in Bannockburn and witness the Grand Master of the Templars acquiring a strange power from two huge Baphomet idols (the Sword of Baphomet). Inspector Rosso is revealed to be in league with them as well. After trying to tempt George into their ranks, the Grand Master orders Eklund to kill them, but Eklund is killed by Rosso, who is then killed by the Grand Master. The couple try to escape but are blocked by Guido. Nico saves the day when she throws a handbag of C4 (from Khan) onto some burning gunpowder. They manage to escape as the church explodes which kills Guido and the Templars and presumably the Grand Master.

Afterwards, George and Nico return to Paris and go on their first date on the Eiffel Tower.

The idea of making the Broken Sword game came about in 1994, like many other ideas, over a dinner with plenty of wine, with Charles Cecil, Noirin Carmody, and Sean Brennan, who was then head of publishing at Virgin Interactive. They started talking about the mythology of the Templars, and what rich historical background it would create a game. And so, "Broken Sword was born".

Charles Cecil was the director and designer of the game, Tony Warriner and David Sykes were the designer-programmers, and Noirin Carmody was the commercial director. The game uses the Virtual Theatre engine, which is also used for the second Broken Sword game, and all of Revolution's previous games.

The team at Revolution had very high ambitions for the game, but there was a lot of competition. Revolution had a team which created some very successful adventures, but to move to the next level, they needed to bring the best from other creative industries. Charles Cecil convinced a layout artist, Eoghan Cahill to join the project. He and his friend Neil Breen, who had both worked at the Don Bluth studios in Dublin, drew all the backgrounds in pencil, and the team then digitally colored them in Photoshop.
The main characters and the introduction were created by an animator, Mike Burgess, who worked for Red Rover animation studio. Tragically, Burgess, who was about 20 years old, died a few months later.

The development process was very exhilarating, but often fraught. On its release, "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" was received very good both critically and commercially.

A few years earlier, Charles Cecil played for a cricket team with the composer Barrington Pheloung. They had since lost contact, but when Charles contacted him to suggest that he might like to write the music, he took the offer.

Revolution already cast Hazel Ellerby as Nicole Collard, but had trouble finding an actor for George Stobbart. Hazel, who went to Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, suggested her former schoolmate from Guildhall, Rolf Saxon as George. Charles offered him the job and he accepted it. However, according to the credits, they were 2 actresses voicing Nico - Hazel Ellerby, and Rachel Atkins. The rest of the credited voice actors in the original are David Bannerman, Rosy Clayton, Jack Elliott, Steve Hodson, David Holt, Peter Kenny, Richard Mapletoft, Matthew Marsh, Colin McFarlane, Don McCorkindale, Gavin Muir, Paul Panting, and Andrew Wincott. In the German version of the game, George Stobbart is voiced by Alexander Schottky.

On March 21, 2009, Ubisoft released a special edition of "Shadow of the Templars" for the Wii and Nintendo DS. According to Charles Cecil, "The Director's Cut" came about, thanks to a group of "Broken Sword" fans, who started an online petition, beging him to bring the series back to the Wii and the Nintendo DS. The special editions are extended versions of the original. The game was programmed by Tony Warriner and Joost Peters. In "The Director's Cut", Hazel Ellerby returns to voice Nicole Collard in the new sections, for the first time since the original. Rolf Saxon, like in every sequel, also returns to voice George Stobbart.

After releasing the original game to the GBA, Cecil thought it was time to reward fans with something new and different by making "The Director's Cut". So, he decided the game would start a day before the famous Parisian cafe explosion in the original game, and it fills in some of the back-story of Nicole Collard, a pivotal character in the game. To this end Charles Cecil also drafted in the acclaimed comic book artist, Dave Gibbons, with whom Revolution worked previously on their 1994 cult classic adventure, "Beneath a Steel Sky". In edition to working on the visual references for the game, Gibbons has also produced a comic book, to accompany the game's DS release (see ). Gibbons said that he decided to return to work on this video game, because he knew producing character shots with a range of expressions would be a challenging thing to do, but he knew he would enjoy it because of his involvement in the past.

Unlike in the original, players control Nico in some parts of the game. New puzzles were designed for each platform. Besides the new character artwork by Dave Gibbons, "The Director's Cut" also had a new first person view for certain puzzles.

Unlike the original game, the updated version also allows for multiple solutions to puzzles and a new co-operative mode for two players. In the DS version, there is no voice acting, only subtitles. A version for iPhone and iPod touch was released on January 20, 2010. In May 2010, a version with higher resolution and a digital comic was released on the iPad. A PC version was released on August 27, 2010 on various digital distribution services.

Revolution made a comic book for the DS release of "The Director's Cut" in 2009 (see ), and also a launch trailer. On the release of "The Director's Cut" on iPhone and iPod touch on January 24, 2010, Revolution released the launch trailer on their YouTube channel, revolutionbevigilant. On the 8th day of Apple's "12 Days of Christmas", Revolution made "The Director's Cut" free for download for 24 hours.

The original is currently available from Sold Out Sotware and Good Old Games (if you buy "The Director's Cut"). 
The iPhone version of "The Director's Cut" can be purchased from the iPhone/iPod Touch AppStore. The iPad version is also available on the iPad AppStore. The Mac version is available from Steam and the Mac AppStore. The PC version can be purchased from Intel Appup, Steam and Good Old Games, and also as part of the "Broken Sword Complete" package from Mastertronic. The Wii and DS versions are currently available in stores.

The "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut Original Soundtrack" was released on the iTunes Store on December 28 December, 2009. If you buy "The Director's Cut" on Good Old Games, you also get the original game, original manual, HD wallpapers, the soundtrack, 11 avatars, and the comic book.

The comic book of the same name was created by Charles Cecil and very well known artist Dave Gibbons for the DS release of "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director’s Cut" in March 2009. The short comic provides a further glimpse back into Nico’s past, leading readers right up to the events of her playable segments in the game.

The game was a commercial success. Charles Cecil said that it sold around a 1.000.000 copies in the mid 90's. He also said that the sales of Revolution's games are going slightly back up again.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" got very good reviews from critics. "Adventure Gamers" praised the game's story, puzzles, art, voice acting and interface, and called it a true masterpiece and adventure gaming at its absolute finest. However, the magazine stated that long conversations may put some players of. Joe Antol of "Adventure Classic Gaming" stated that it's one of the best adventures he has played in a number of years, and that it's a "must play and experience" adventure title for any adventure game lover. "Game Over Online" praised the GBA version, saying that Revolution did a great job redrawing the game's visuals, and that its patience, maturity and depth are some things that are rarely seen on the GBA. "RPGFan" stated that even if the GBA version can be buggy at times, it's still a worthy addition to any GBA library, and is one of the finest examples of how a well-crafted graphic adventure should be done. James Gordon of "HonestGamers" praised the games graphics, sound and story, and even called it one of the best GBA games to date, he stated that you may not want to play it more than once, even though he did. "PC Gamer" praised the game's story, puzzles and art. However, unlike most critics, the reviewer has criticized the voice acting, saying that it is not quite professional, and at times annoying. He also criticized the puzzles, stating that they were good, but some required to much pixel-hunting. "Mr. Bill and Lela" of "Mr. Bill's Adventureland" stated that it's a "winner" and a totally addictive game, which combines the very best aspects of traditional adventure games and mystery thrillers, with even a little romance thrown in for good measure, and a suspenseful and slowly evolving story that will keep you glued to your seat.

Like the original release, "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut" also got very good reviews from critics. "App Spy" praised the game's great looking visual presentation, excellent touch screen controles and challenging puzzle gameplay, and called it a must own games, even for newcomers to the genre, but stated that the hint system can make things too simple, and that the auto-save function is not the greatest. "Touch Arcade" said: "Whether you're an old fan of the original game, a newcomer to the series, or even someone who's never played a point-and-click adventure before, Broken Sword is a game with mass appeal that will draw you in" and called it "A Point-and-Click Classic Made Even Better". "Slide to Play" gave both, the iPhone and iPad a 4 out of 4 stars, and called it a real winner, even among other classic adventures. Nigel Wood of "Touchgen" praised the game's great visuals, sound, and well implemented interface, but called story the winner in the game, as it can "like a good book, keep you glued to your little screen". "LEVEL" stated that even 13 years after its first appearance, Broken Sword lost nothing of its powers, and called it a fantastic adventure game with lovely characters, strong story and DS-enhanced puzzle solving. "Just Adventure" stated that the game consists of a rich plot, fun characters and puzzles, and great art and soun. Francis Rizo III of "Video Game Talk" stated that Broken Sword with its engagingly deep storyline, gorgeous art, fun writing, entertaining puzzles and terrific vocal cast, just raised the bar to a level that will be incredibly hard to meet for any game, and that people should buy it, as it is fun and its success may spur developers to take another look at this somewhat dormant genre, supplementing the wave of Wii ports with something new and original.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut" was nominated for a "British Academy Video Games Award" 2010 for "Story", but lost to "Uncharted 2: Among Thieves". In 2010, "The Director's Cut" won the award for "Best European Adventure" at the "European Games Awards".

In 2004, "Adventure Gamers" ranked "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" at #4 on their list of "Top 20 Adventure Games of All-Time". "Adventure Classic Gaming" ranked it at #3 on their list of "Top 10 retro graphic adventure games of all time from PC to consoles", in 2006. "Metacritic" ranked it at #9 on their list of "25 Best iPhone and iPad Games of 2010". In 2011, "Adventure Gamers" ranked it at #4 again on their list of "Top 100 All-Time Adventures". In 2011, the first two Broken Sword games have been downloaded by over 4 million people.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" spawned three sequels. The first, "Broken Sword II: The Smoking Mirror" was released in 1997 and is the only game in the series that does not follow the Knights Templar story line. It uses the same engine as the first "Broken Sword" game. Six years later, Revolution released "Broken Sword: The Sleeping Dragon", which moved to 3D graphics, and is the only game in the series that uses a direct control mechanism. It uses the RenderWare engine. In 2006, the company "Broken Sword: The Angel of Death" (released as "Secrets of the Ark: A Broken Sword Game"' in North America), which returns to the point 'n' click system used in the first two games, and is the only game in the series not released on any console. The game uses Sumo Digital's engine. In 2009, Revolution released a director's cut of the first game, named "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut". The company released a remastered edition of the second, named "Broken Sword: The Smoking Mirror - Remastered", in 2010. Revolution has confirmed that there will be a new "Broken Sword" game in the future, and in 2D, but did not confirm they are currently making one.


Iyo Province

Iyo had borders with Awa, Sanuki, and Tosa Provinces. 

The ancient capital city of the province was near modern Imabari. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iyo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōyamazumi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iyo. 


Much Ado About Nothing

Much Ado about Nothing is a comedy by William Shakespeare. It is set in Messina, Sicily (which is in Italy) and is a comedy/love story about two pairs of lovers, Hero and Claudio and Benedick and Beatrice. This story is one of William Shakespeare's more popular plays. 

The villain in this story is called Don John and he convinces Claudio that Hero is cheating on him and then he refuses to marry her whilst Benedick and Beatrice are tricked into confessing their true love for each other. In the end the Constable accidentally sorts everything out and everyone celebrates both marriages.

Don John (the villain) can't bear anyone else to be happy. He is an illegitimate child meaning his upbringing has been rocky and he is insecure, leading to his selfish behaviour getting the better of him throughout the play. 

Kii Province

, or , was an old province of Japan in the area of Wakayama Prefecture and Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū. 

Kii had borders with Ise, Izumi, Kawachi, Shima, and Yamato Provinces. 

During the Edo period, the Kii branch of the Tokugawa clan held the castle at Wakayama.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kii Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hinokuma-Kunikakasu jinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kii. 


AWA

AWA may be an acronym for:

Awa may mean:

Justus Liebig

Justus Liebig (12 May 1803 – 18 April 1873) was a German chemist who made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry, and worked on the organization of organic chemistry. 

Liebig was one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time. 
At 21 he was appointed professor of chemistry at Giessen, recommended by Alexander von Humboldt. There he established the world's first major school of chemistry. He invented the chemical laboratory, and used it for teaching. He founded and edited the "Annalen der Chemie", the leading German-language journal of chemistry.

Liebig invented new methods for the analysis of organic materials. He showed that, to grow, plants need (as well as water and sunlight) carbon dioxide, minerals and nitrogen compounds. He discovered that nitrogen was an essential plant nutrient, and invented the first nitrogen-based fertiliser. His Law of the Minimum stated that a plant's development is limited by the one essential mineral that is in the shortest supply. He described the effect of individual nutrients on crops. 

Where others thought that organic chemicals were entirely separate fron inorganic ones, Liebig thought diffferently:

In 1835 he invented a process of silvering that greatly improved the quality of mirrors.

Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extracts, and founded a company, Liebig Extract of Meat Company, that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef cube.

Liebig's work was closely followed in Britain, and he was awarded the Royal Society's Copley Medal in 1840. His own country made him a Baron in 1845.


Awa Province (Chiba)

The province was on the tip of the Boso Peninsula (房総半島). 

Awa Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Awa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Awa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Awa. 


Spaceflight

Spaceflight is when an object (or spacecraft) made by man flies into outer space. A spaceflight can occur with or without humans on board. 

The Russian Soyuz program, the American Space Shuttle and the International Space Station are examples of manned missions. (Manned means the spacecraft has humans on board.) On the other hand, examples of unmanned flights are space probes which fly into deeper space, and satellites which travel around and orbit the Earth or other planets. (Unmanned means the spacecraft does not have any people on board.) Space probes and satellites are both machines that work either by radio control from Earth or are fully automatic.

Spaceflight is used for space exploration such as manned missions to the Earth's moon or unmanned missions to other planets in the solar system. Spaceflight can also be used for tourism and satellite telecommunications. A spaceflight begins with a rocket launch, which provides enough energy to get out of Earth's atmosphere and to orbit the Earth. Once the rocket is in space, the activity of the rocket is watched and studied by scientists back on Earth. Some rockets may remain in space forever, some break apart when they re-enter Earth's atmosphere. Some spacecraft are made to land on other planets, and most manned spacecraft are made to land back on Earth, most of the time using a parachute to land safely. 
On October 3, 1942, a German V-2 missile crossed the Kármán line ( above the Earth) on October 3, 1942. This was the first spaceflight. The first man-made satellite to travel around Earth was the Russian Sputnik 1 on October 4, 1957. 

Some examples of manned spacecraft are Soyuz, Starship, Starliner, Gemini, Apollo, Crew Dragon, Mercury (It is both the name of a spacecraft and a planet), the Space Shuttle, and Orion. 

Unmanned spacecraft include communications satellites, space telescopes, space probes and planet rovers. 

Sanuki Province

The province had borders with Awa and Iyo Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Sanuki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Sanuki faced the Seto Inland Sea.

"Tamura jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Sanuki. 


Tosa Province

The province had borders with Iyo and Awa Provinces.
The ancient capital city of the province was near modern Nankoku. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tosa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Tosa faced the Pacific Ocean.

"Tosa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tosa. 


555 timer IC

The NE555 is a common IC (or integrated circuit) introduced in 1972. It is used in timers. It is popular among hobbyists and can be found in many electronics stores that sell bare components, such as RadioShack.

VGA connector

A VGA connector is a type of computer plug. It is used to send analog video signal to an output device like a television screen or a computer monitor. Most VGA connectors have 15 pins; 3 rows of 5 pins. Some of them are a bit different, and have 18 pins; 3 rows of 6 pins.

21st century equipment more often uses digital plugs, mainly by High-Definition Multimedia Interface.

Microbial cyst

A microbial cyst is a resting or dormant stage of a microorganism, usually a bacterium or a protist or rarely an invertebrate animal, that helps the organism to survive in unfavorable environmental conditions. It can be thought of as a state of suspended animation in which the metabolic processes of the cell are slowed down and the cell ceases all activities like feeding and locomotion. "Encystment" also helps the microbe to spread easily, from one host to another or to a better environment. When the encysted microbe reaches an environment good for its growth and survival, the cyst wall breaks down by a process known as "excystation".

Unfavorable environmental conditions trigger the making of a cyst. These include the lack of nutrients or oxygen, extreme temperatures, lack of moisture and presence of toxic chemicals, which are not good for the growth of the microbe.

Different organisms have cyst walls made of different things. The cyst walls of bacteria are formed by the thickening of the normal cell wall with added peptidoglycan layers. The walls of protozoan cysts are made of chitin, a type of glycoprotein. Nematode cyst walls are made of chitin reinforced by collagen.

Content delivery

Content delivery describes the delivery of media content such as audio, video, computer software and video games over a delivery medium such as broadcasting or the Internet.

Content delivery has two parts:

Specialist networks known as content delivery networks have distribute digital content on the Internet. Alternative technologies for content delivery include peer-to-peer file sharing technologies. Content can only be delivered if it exists. If it does not exist, several techniques and methods can be used for content creation or content regeneration. Alternatively, content delivery platforms create and syndicate content remotely, acting like hosted content management systems.

Kitano Tenman-gū

, also called Kitano Tenjin-jinja and Kitano Temmangū, is a Shinto shrine in Kamigyō-ku, Kyoto, Japan. 

The shrine was built in 947, to appease the angry spirit of Sugawara no Michizane. He had been wrongly sent into exile.

The shrine became the object of Imperial patronage during the early Heian period. 

The current buildings date from the early 17th century. 


From 1871 through 1946, the Kitano Tenman-gū was officially designated one of the , meaning that it stood in the second rank of government supported shrines.


Tommy Jackson

Tommy "Hurricane" Jackson (1931-1982) was an American boxer. He fought from 1951 until 1961. He had a total of 44 fights. His statistics were 34 wins (16 by knockout), 9 losses and 1 draw. He fought Floyd Patterson in June 1956 to see who would be the heavyweight champion after Rocky Marciano retired and gave up the title. Jackson lost in a 12-round split decision. He fought Patterson again in July 1957, when Patterson was the champion. Patterson beat him in 10 rounds when the referee ended the match. 


Pentium F00F bug

The Pentium F00F bug is a hardware bug (design flaw) found in most original Pentium computer processors (but not in Pentium II, III, or 4). The bug allows a malicious program running as an unprivileged (non-root) user to crash the computer by running the instructions (in hexadecimal) F00FC7C8. In assembly language, this represents "lock cmpxchg8b eax". If the system has crashed because of this bug, the only way to fix it is to reboot the computer, usually by unplugging it and plugging it back in. It does no permanent damage to the computer, but it may cause data loss. The bug was discovered in November 1997. Many operating systems made since 1997 have protection against this bug.

Locker

A locker is a small compartment that is used to store things such as books, coats, etc. They are commonly found in schools. They are usually locked with a padlock or a built-in lock. Usually there is an array of lockers. Each user has his/her own key (or combination) and can not open other people's lockers. There is sometimes a master key used only by the manager which can open all of the lockers. The typical maximum padlock shackle thickness is 5/16 inch (8 mm), and the typical door thickness is 0.8 mm. High-security lockers typically have a 10 mm or more maximum shackle thickness and a 1.2 mm door thickness.

Skeleton key

A skeleton key (also master key or pass key) is a key that can open all of the locks in a set. 

For example, in an office building, each employee would have a key that only opens his/her office, and the manager or owner would have a key that opens all of the offices in that building. 

More complicated setups are also possible. For example, if there are cleaners in the office building, and each cleaner only cleans one floor, the cleaner for a each floor could have a "sub-master" key that opens only the offices on that floor, while each employee still has a key that opens only his/her office and the manager still has a key that opens all of the doors. The exterior doors might also be configured so that they can be opened by any employee key, cleaner key, or the manager's master key. The more complicated the setup, the more important it is to use locks that have a large number of key possibilities. Disc-detainer locks are especially suitable for master keying due to their large number of key possibilities.

Patent attorney

A patent attorney is an attorney who has the specialized skills and training necessary for representing clients in obtaining patents and acting in all matters and procedures relating to patent law and practice. For example, the patent attorney can not only file an application for a new patent but he can also try to stop the patent office from giving the patent to somebody else. The term is used differently in different countries, and thus may or may not require the same legal qualifications as a general legal practitioner (i.e., a lawyer).

The titles patent agent and patent lawyer are also used in some jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions the terms are interchangeable. In other countries, a patent lawyer must also be qualified as a lawyer.

Each patent office regulates the people who make filings. Patent attorneys can do this, but the patent office will not accept filings from other attorneys. Each patent office has its own rules about what a person has to do to become a patent attorney.

In Europe, requirements for practicing as patent attorney before national patent offices differ from those needed for practicing before the European Patent Office (EPO). On the national level, the requirements are not harmonized across the European Union, except that the EU makes sure that respective professional qualifications are mutually recognized to some degree. In the United States, the patent attorney must pass a special examination to test his knowledge of patent office procedures. Some countries allow lawyers who are not citizens to practice. Some countries will allow lawyers from a second country to make filings if the second country will do the same for lawyers from that first country. Many times, a patent attorney from a foreign country will work with a local attorney to make sure that the patent application for that country is filed correctly and quickly.







Bungo Province

Bungo had borders with Buzen, Hyūga, Higo, Chikugo, and Chikuzen Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Bungo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Sasamuta-jinja" and "Yusuhara Hachiman-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Bungo.



Aberystwyth

Aberystwyth (Mouth of the River Ystwyth) is a historic market town, administrative centre and holiday resort. It is in the area of Ceredigion in West of Wales. Locals call the area 'Aber'.

The people who live there mostly speak English, though many are also fluent in the Welsh language. It is a university town. The small town of over 13,000 grows by another 10,000 in term time when the students are there. The nearby suburb of Llanbadarn Fawr has another 3,400 people.

Aberystwyth has a train station at the western end of the Cambrian Line from Shrewsbury. 

Aberystwyth is twinned with :

Transition-minimized differential signaling

Transition Minimized Differential Signaling (or TMDS) is a standard that is used to transport uncompressed data to a digital device. The data transmitted is digital. By using a digital signal instead of an analogue signal, the impact of Electromagnetic interference on the signal is reduced. This mode of transmission is mainly used for audio and visual data.

TMDS uses 8b/10b encoding. The code set is different from the original, developed by IBM. Encoding is a two-stage process that uses XOR and XNOR gates. Whether to use XOR or XNOR operation is selected, so that the number ofsignal transitions is minimal; this is where the name is from.

S/PDIF is a similar standard, used in consumer audio equipment.

Hazel

Hazel is a genus of trees and shrubs, in the birch family. There are 50 to 80 species, in four genera. They are native to the temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.

Maxi single

A maxi single is a CD single that contains more than two tracks. The first maxi-single was released during the 1970s. There are also cassette maxi singles that began in the 1990s.

Electric piano

A electric piano is a piano that makes sounds mechanically. The sounds are turned into electrical signals by pick ups. Electric pianos are usually seen in live performances in popular music.

Refrain

A refrain is a verse or group of verses that is repeated at intervals in a piece of music or poetry. In song, it is often called the chorus. The refrain is often very different from the verse in melody, rhythm, and harmonics. It usually has a higher level of dynamics and activity, often with added instrumentation.

In music, a refrain has two parts: the lyrics of the song, and the melody. Sometimes refrains use slightly different words as they are repeated. Such lines are still able to be recognised as part of the refrain by the fact that it is always has the same tune or melody. The rhymes, if present, are also kept even if the words are sometimes different. In popular music, the chorus contrasts with the verse, which leads into it, while the bridge contrasts with and leads into both. Many popular songs from the middle of the 20th century consist only of a chorus.

The word comes from the Vulgar Latin word "refringere", and later from the Old French "refraindre", both of which mean "to repeat".


Willimantic, Connecticut

Willimantic, Connecticut is a census-designated place and former city. It is in the town of Windham, Windham County. About 18,149 people lived there at the 2020 census. Eastern Connecticut State University and the Windham Textile and History Museum are in Willimantic.

Windham, Connecticut

Windham is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States. It contains the city of Willimantic and the villages of Windham Center, North Windham, and South Windham. The city of Willimantic was made part of the town in 1983. The population was 24,428 at the 2020 census.

Eastern Connecticut State University

Eastern Connecticut State University (ECSU) is a public liberal arts university. It is located in Willimantic, Connecticut. Eastern Connecticut State University is ranked in the top 100 regional universities in the North (of the United States) in the 2011 edition of the "U.S. News and World Report" list of Best Colleges. There are 5,671 students attending Eastern. The campus is suburban. The school's athletic department are called the "Warriors".

Windham County, Connecticut

Windham County is a county in the northwest of the US state Connecticut. 



Ashford, Connecticut

Ashford is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. The town had a population of 4,191 at the 2020 census. Ashford was founded in 1714. Eastford was a part of Ashford until 1848 or 1847. Eastford split into its own town. Ashford has the largest Boy scout camps in the US state of Connecticut.

Jadeite Cabbage

The Jadeite Cabbage (), or Jadeite Cabbage with Insects, is a Chinese sculpture. It is a piece of jadeite carved into the shape of a Chinese cabbage head. It also has a locust and a katydid hiding in the leaves.

The work is part of the collection of the National Palace Museum in Taipei, Taiwan.

The Jadeite Cabbage is a small sculpture. It measures only . It is think. It is "hardly larger than a human hand".

Jade is translucent: it lets light pass through the sculpture. The combination of several colors in the jade gives the leaves the various colors of a real cabbage. The sculpture was made from one piece of half-white, half-green jadeite. The piece of jade has many imperfections. These include cracks and patches of different colors. These were used as the veins in the cabbage's stalks and leaves.

The sculpture is seen as a symbol of female virtue. The white stalk is a symbol of purity, the leaves show fertility and the locust and katydid symbolize children.

The sculptor of the Jadeite Cabbage is not known. It was first shown in the Forbidden City's Yonghe Palace. This is the home of the Qing Empire's Guangxu Emperor's Consort Jin. She likely got the sculpture as part of her dowry for her wedding to Guangxu in 1889. After the end of the Qing Empire in the Chinese Revolution of 1911, the sculpture became part of the collection of the Palace Museum in the Forbidden City. The piece survived the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II) and the Chinese Civil War. It was finally made a part of Taiwan's National Palace Museum.

The Jadeite Cabbage has been called the "most famous masterpiece" of the entire National Palace Museum. It is said the be one of the "Three Treasures of the National Palace Museum". The other two are the Meat-Shaped Stone and the Mao Gong Ding. It was picked by the public as the most important item in the museum's entire collection. People thought it was a bad thing in 2009 when it was learned that souvenir copies of the sculpture were being made in China and not in Taiwan. These copies were being sold at the museum.


Brooklyn, Connecticut

Brooklyn is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. The population was 8,450 at the 2020 census. East Brooklyn is listed as a census-designated place and is located on the east side of Brooklyn. The town was founded in 1786.

East Brooklyn, Connecticut

East Brooklyn is a census-designated place in Windham County, Connecticut. The population was 2,205 at the 2020 census. East Brooklyn is next to Danielson. East Brooklyn is the urban side of Brooklyn. The racial makeup of the city was 85.49% White, 1.36% African American, 0.18% Native American, 2.31% Asian, 2.40% from other races, and 8.25% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.71% of the population.

Canterbury, Connecticut

Canterbury is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. The population was 5,045 at the 2020 census. The racial makeup of the town was 89.45% White, 1.27% African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 1.47% from other races, and 6.92% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.16% of the population.

The town was founded in the 1680s as Peagscomsuck until 1703. In 1832, Prudence Crandall, a school teacher, opened the first school for African American girls. The "Black Law" did not allow the education of black people. However, Crandall taught until she was sent to prison in 1832 for a short time. Angry mobs forced the school to close in 1834. Crandall later married and moved out of the state. Connecticut ended the "Black Law" in 1838. They also gave Crandall a small pension in 1886, four years before her death. The school is now the Prudence Crandall Museum.

Chaplin, Connecticut

Chaplin is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. Chaplin was named after Deacon Benjamin Chaplin, an early settler. The Chaplin Museum, Chaplin Historic District and the Witter House are located in Chaplin.

Surface tension

Surface tension is an effect where the surface of a liquid is strong. The surface can hold up a weight, and the surface of a water droplet holds the droplet together, in a ball shape. Some small things can float on a surface because of surface tension, even though they normally could not float. Some insects (e.g. water striders) can run on the surface of water because of this. This property is caused by the molecules in the liquid being attracted to each other (cohesion), and is responsible for many of the behaviors of liquids.

Surface tension has the dimension of force per unit length, or of energy per unit area. The two are equivalent—but when referring to energy per unit of area, people use the term surface energy—which is a more general term in the sense that it applies also to solids and not just liquids.

In materials science, surface tension is used for either surface stress or surface free energy.

The cohesive forces among the liquid molecules cause surface tension. In the bulk of the liquid, each molecule is pulled equally in every direction by neighboring liquid molecules, resulting in a net force of zero. The molecules at the surface do not have other molecules on all sides of them and therefore are pulled inwards. This creates some internal pressure and forces liquid surfaces to contract to the minimal area.

Surface tension is responsible for the shape of liquid droplets. Although easily deformed, droplets of water tend to be pulled into a spherical shape by the cohesive forces of the surface layer. In the absence of other forces, including gravity, drops of virtually all liquids would be perfectly spherical. The spherical shape minimizes the necessary "wall tension" of the surface layer according to Laplace's law.

Another way to view it is in terms of energy. A molecule in contact with a neighbor is in a lower state of energy than if it were alone (not in contact with a neighbor). The interior molecules have as many neighbors as they can possibly have, but the boundary molecules are missing neighbors (compared to interior molecules). So, the boundary molecules have a higher energy. For the liquid to minimize its energy state, the number of higher energy boundary molecules must be minimized. The minimized quantity of boundary molecules results in a minimized surface area.

As a result of surface area minimization, a surface will assume the smoothest shape it can. Any curvature in the surface shape results in greater area and a higher energy. So, the surface will push back against any curvature in much the same way as a ball pushed uphill will push back to minimize its gravitational potential energy.

Studying water shows several effects of surface tension:

A. Rain water forms beads on the surface of a waxy surface, such as a leaf. Water adheres weakly to wax and strongly to itself, so water clusters into drops. Surface tension gives them their near-spherical shape, because a sphere has the smallest possible surface area to volume ratio.

B. Formation of drops occurs when a mass of liquid is stretched. The animation shows water adhering to the faucet gaining mass until it is stretched to a point where the surface tension can no longer bind it to the faucet. It then separates and surface tension forms the drop into a sphere. If a stream of water were running from the faucet, the stream would break up into drops during its fall. Gravity stretches the stream, then surface tension pinches it into spheres.

C. Objects denser than water still float when the object is nonwettable and its weight is small enough to be borne by the forces arising from surface tension. For example, water striders use surface tension to walk on the surface of a pond. The surface of the water behaves like an elastic film: the insect's feet cause indentations in the water's surface, increasing its surface area.
D. Separation of oil and water (in this case, water and liquid wax) is caused by a tension in the surface between dissimilar liquids. This type of surface tension is called "interface tension", but its physics are the same.

E. Tears of wine is the formation of drops and rivulets on the side of a glass containing an alcoholic beverage. Its cause is a complex interaction between the differing surface tensions of water and ethanol. It is induced by a combination of surface tension modification of water by ethanol together with ethanol evaporating faster than water.

Surface tension is visible in other common phenomena, especially when surfactants are used to decrease it:


Surface tension, represented by the symbol "γ" is defined as the force along a line of unit length, where the force is parallel to the surface but perpendicular to the line. One way to picture this is to imagine a flat soap film bounded on one side by a taut thread of length, "L". The thread will be pulled toward the interior of the film by a force equal to 2"formula_1L" (the factor of 2 is because the soap film has two sides, hence two surfaces). Surface tension is therefore measured in forces per unit length. Its SI unit is newton per meter but the cgs unit of dyne per cm is also used. One dyn/cm corresponds to 0.001 N/m.

An equivalent definition, one that is useful in thermodynamics, is work done per unit area. As such, in order to increase the surface area of a mass of liquid by an amount, "δA", a quantity of work, "formula_1δA", is needed. This work is stored as potential energy. Consequently surface tension can be also measured in SI system as joules per square meter and in the cgs system as ergs per cm. Since mechanical systems try to find a state of minimum potential energy, a free droplet of liquid naturally assumes a spherical shape, which has the minimum surface area for a given volume.

The equivalence of measurement of energy per unit area to force per unit length can be proven by dimensional analysis.

If no force acts normal to a tensioned surface, the surface must remain flat. But if the pressure on one side of the surface differs from pressure on the other side, the pressure difference times surface area results in a normal force. In order for the surface tension forces to cancel the force due to pressure, the surface must be curved. The diagram shows how surface curvature of a tiny patch of surface leads to a net component of surface tension forces acting normal to the center of the patch. When all the forces are balanced, the resulting equation is known as the Young–Laplace equation:

where:

The quantity in parentheses on the right hand side is in fact (twice) the mean curvature of the surface (depending on normalization).

Solutions to this equation determine the shape of water drops, puddles, menisci, soap bubbles, and all other shapes determined by surface tension. (Another example is the shape of the impressions that a water strider's feet make on the surface of a pond).

The table below shows how the internal pressure of a water droplet increases with decreasing radius. For not very small drops the effect is subtle, but the pressure difference becomes enormous when the drop sizes approach the molecular size. (In the limit of a single molecule the concept becomes meaningless.)

It is hard to find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using just mathematics. Yet by fashioning the frame out of wire and dipping it in soap-solution, a locally minimal surface will appear in the resulting soap-film within seconds.

The reason for this is that the pressure difference across a fluid interface is proportional to the mean curvature, as seen in the Young-Laplace equation. For an open soap film, the pressure difference is zero, hence the mean curvature is zero, and minimal surfaces have the property of zero mean curvature.

The surface of any liquid is an interface between that liquid and some other medium. The top surface of a pond, for example, is an interface between the pond water and the air. Surface tension, then, is not a property of the liquid alone, but a property of the liquid's interface with another medium. If a liquid is in a container, then besides the liquid/air interface at its top surface, there is also an interface between the liquid and the walls of the container. The surface tension between the liquid and air is usually different (greater than) its surface tension with the walls of a container. Where the two surfaces meet, the geometry will balance all forces.

Where the two surfaces meet, they form a contact angle, formula_5, which is the angle the tangent to the surface makes with the solid surface. The diagram to the right shows two examples. Tension forces are shown for the liquid-air interface, the liquid-solid interface, and the solid-air interface. The example on the left is where the difference between the liquid-solid and solid-air surface tension, formula_6, is less than the liquid-air surface tension, formula_7, but is still positive, that is

In the diagram, both the vertical and horizontal forces must cancel exactly at the contact point, known as equilibrium. The horizontal component of formula_9 is canceled by the adhesive force, formula_10.

The more important balance of forces, though, is in the vertical direction. The vertical component of formula_9 must exactly cancel the force, formula_13.

Since the forces are in direct proportion to their respective surface tensions, we also have:

where

This means that although the difference between the liquid-solid and solid-air surface tension, formula_20, is difficult to measure directly, it can be inferred from the liquid-air surface tension, formula_17, and the equilibrium contact angle, formula_5, which is a function of the easily measurable advancing and receding contact angles (see main article contact angle).

This same relationship exists in the diagram on the right. But in this case we see that because the contact angle is less than 90°, the liquid-solid/solid-air surface tension difference must be negative:

Observe that in the special case of a water-silver interface where the contact angle is equal to 90°, the liquid-solid/solid-air surface tension difference is exactly zero.

Another special case is where the contact angle is exactly 180°. Water with specially prepared Teflon approaches this. Contact angle of 180° occurs when the liquid-solid surface tension is exactly equal to the liquid-air surface tension.

Because surface tension manifests itself in various effects, it offers a number of paths to its measurement. Which method is optimal depends upon the nature of the liquid being measured, the conditions under which its tension is to be measured, and the stability of its surface when it is deformed.


An old style mercury barometer consists of a vertical glass tube about 1 cm in diameter partially filled with mercury, and with a vacuum (called Torricelli's vacuum) in the unfilled volume (see diagram to the right). Notice that the mercury level at the center of the tube is higher than at the edges, making the upper surface of the mercury dome-shaped. The center of mass of the entire column of mercury would be slightly lower if the top surface of the mercury were flat over the entire crossection of the tube. But the dome-shaped top gives slightly less surface area to the entire mass of mercury. Again the two effects combine to minimize the total potential energy. Such a surface shape is known as a convex meniscus.

We consider the surface area of the entire mass of mercury, including the part of the surface that is in contact with the glass, because mercury does not adhere at all to glass. So the surface tension of the mercury acts over its entire surface area, including where it is in contact with the glass. If instead of glass, the tube were made out of copper, the situation would be very different. Mercury aggressively adheres to copper. So in a copper tube, the level of mercury at the center of the tube will be lower than at the edges (that is, it would be a concave meniscus). In a situation where the liquid adheres to the walls of its container, we consider the part of the fluid's surface area that is in contact with the container to have "negative" surface tension. The fluid then works to maximize the contact surface area. So in this case increasing the area in contact with the container decreases rather than increases the potential energy. That decrease is enough to compensate for the increased potential energy associated with lifting the fluid near the walls of the container.

If a tube is sufficiently narrow and the liquid adhesion to its walls is sufficiently strong, surface tension can draw liquid up the tube in a phenomenon known as capillary action. The height the column is lifted to is given by:

where

Pouring mercury onto a horizontal flat sheet of glass results in a puddle that has a perceptible thickness. The puddle will spread out only to the point where it is a little under half a centimeter thick, and no thinner. Again this is due to the action of mercury's strong surface tension. The liquid mass flattens out because that brings as much of the mercury to as low a level as possible, but the surface tension, at the same time, is acting to reduce the total surface area. The result is the compromise of a puddle of a nearly fixed thickness.

The same surface tension demonstration can be done with water, lime water or even saline, but only if the liquid does not adhere to the flat surface material. Wax is such a substance. Water poured onto a smooth, flat, horizontal wax surface, say a waxed sheet of glass, will behave similarly to the mercury poured onto glass.

The thickness of a puddle of liquid on a surface whose contact angle is 180° is given by:

where

In reality, the thicknesses of the puddles will be slightly less than what is predicted by the above formula because very few surfaces have a contact angle of 180° with any liquid. When the contact angle is less than 180°, the thickness is given by:

For mercury on glass, γ = 487 dyn/cm, ρ = 13.5 g/cm and θ = 140°, which gives h = 0.36 cm. For water on paraffin at 25 °C, γ = 72 dyn/cm, ρ = 1.0 g/cm, and θ = 107° which gives h = 0.44 cm.

The formula also predicts that when the contact angle is 0°, the liquid will spread out into a micro-thin layer over the surface. Such a surface is said to be fully wettable by the liquid.

In day-to-day life we all observe that a stream of water emerging from a faucet will break up into droplets, no matter how smoothly the stream is emitted from the faucet. This is due to a phenomenon called the Plateau–Rayleigh instability, which is entirely a consequence of the effects of surface tension.

The explanation of this instability begins with the existence of tiny perturbations in the stream. These are always present, no matter how smooth the stream is. If the perturbations are resolved into sinusoidal components, we find that some components grow with time while others decay with time. Among those that grow with time, some grow at faster rates than others. Whether a component decays or grows, and how fast it grows is entirely a function of its wave number (a measure of how many peaks and troughs per centimeter) and the radii of the original cylindrical stream.


The Suite Life on Deck

The Suite Life on Deck was an American television series on Disney Channel. It premiered on September 26, 2008. It is a sequel to "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody". The series is about twin brothers Zack and Cody Martin and hotel heiress London Tipton in a new setting, the SS "Tipton". The group goes to classes at a school on the boat that is called "Seven Seas High". On the boat, they meet Bailey Pickett. Mr. Moseby manages the ship. The ship travels around the world to Italy, Greece, India, Sweden and the United Kingdom. In the places where the ship travels, the characters experience different cultures, adventures, and situations.




The show's first episode premiered on the Disney Channel in the US on September 26, 2008. Around 5.7 million people watched it on the night of its premiere.. The series premiere in Canada was also the most watched series premiere on Family channel. In December 2008, Business Wire reported that the show was 2008's #1 scripted television series for children between the ages 6 to 11 and older children between the ages 9 to 14, beating the older series "Hannah Montana" and "Wizards of Waverly Place" in the ratings.<ref name="Disney Channel/DisneyChannel.com Highlights For 2008"></ref> The show was in the #1 spot for the best rated children's television series for many months. The show has been one of the best 4 live-action television series for many months. Since then, “The Suite Life on Deck” had a large lead in the time slot (Friday 8:00 p.m.), ranking as TV's #1 program among the important children's age groups. The series is also #1 in total viewers on all cable, doing better than #2 rank (Fox News and Nickelodeon) by 800,000 more viewers.

As of August 2009, the highest rated episode of "The Suite Life on Deck" was "Double-Crossed," the second part of "Wizards On Deck with Hannah Montana", three episodes where guest stars from "Wizards of Waverly Place" and "Hannah Montana" came onto the show. It premiered on July 17, 2009 on Disney Channel. The special episode was viewed by more than 10.6 million people. It is one of the highest-rated episodes for a Disney Channel original series.

In early October 2009, the one hour special episode "Lost at Sea" became the most watched episode of the series. It had 7.6 million total viewers. In 2009, the series was the most watched scripted series in the children and older children group of viewers (6-14). The series second season's ratings were 25% higher than the show's season one ratings. The second season has averaged around 5.1 million viewers.

Before the series officially started airing, the first episode named "The Suite Life Sets Sail" was made available as a free download on iTunes. All series have since been made available.

Atmospheric chemistry

Atmospheric chemistry is a branch of science in which the chemistry of the Earth's atmosphere and that of other planets is studied. It is a multidisciplinary field of research and draws on environmental chemistry, physics, meteorology, computer modeling, oceanography, geology and volcanology and other disciplines. Research is connected with other areas of study such as climatology.

Studying the atmosphere includes studying the interactions between the atmosphere and living organisms. The composition of the Earth's atmosphere changes as result of natural processes such as volcano emissions, lightning and bombardment by solar particles from the Sun's corona. It has also been changed by human activity. Some of these changes are harmful to human health, crops and ecosystems. Examples of problems include acid rain, ozone depletion, photochemical smog, greenhouse gases and global warming. Atmospheric chemists study the causes of these problems. Atmospheric chemists offer theories about these problems, then test the theories and possible solutions. Atmospheric chemists also note the effects of changes in government policy.

Notes: the concentration of CO and CH vary by season and location. The mean molecular mass of air is 28.97 g/mol.

The ancient Greeks regarded air as one of the four elements. The first scientific studies of atmospheric composition began in the 18th century. Chemists such as Joseph Priestley, Antoine Lavoisier and Henry Cavendish made the first measurements of the composition of the atmosphere.

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries interest shifted towards trace constituents with very small concentrations. One important discovery for atmospheric chemistry was the discovery of ozone by Christian Friedrich Schönbein in 1840.

The concentrations of trace gases in the atmosphere have changed over time and so have the chemical processes which make and destroy compounds in the air. Two important examples of this were the explanation by Sydney Chapman and Gordon Dobson of how the ozone layer is created and maintained, and the explanation of photochemical smog by Arie Jan Haagen-Smit. Further studies on ozone issues led to the 1995 Nobel Prize in Chemistry award shared between Paul Crutzen, Mario Molina and Frank Sherwood Rowland.

In the 21st century the focus is now shifting again. Atmospheric chemistry is increasingly studied as one part of the Earth system. Before, scientists focused on atmospheric chemistry in isolation. Now, scientists study atmospheric chemistry as one part of a single system with the rest of the atmosphere, biosphere and geosphere. A reason for this is the links between chemistry and climate. For example, changing climate and the recovery of the ozone hole affect each other. Also, the composition of the atmosphere interact with the oceans and terrestrial ecosystems.

Observations, lab measurements and modeling are the three central elements in atmospheric chemistry. All three methods are used together. For example, observations may tell that more of a chemical compound exists than previously thought possible. This will stimulate new modelling and laboratory studies which will increase scientific understanding to a point where the observations can be explained.

Observations of atmospheric chemistry are important. Scientist record data about the chemical composition of air over time to watch for any changes. One example of this is the Keeling Curve - a series of measurements from 1958 to today which show a steady rise in of the concentration of carbon dioxide. Observations of atmospheric chemistry are made in observatories such as that on Mauna Loa and on mobile platforms such as aircraft, ships and balloons. Observations of atmospheric composition are increasingly made by satellites giving a global picture of air pollution and chemistry. Surface observations have the advantage that they provide long term records at high time resolution but provide data from a limited vertical and horizontal space. Some surface based instruments such as LIDAR can provide concentration profiles of chemical compounds and aerosol but are still restricted in the horizontal region they cover. Many observations are shared on-line.

Measurements made in the laboratory are essential to our understanding of the sources and sinks of pollutants and compounds found in nature. Lab studies tell which gases react with each other and how fast they react. Scientists measure reactions in the gas phase, on surfaces and in water. Scientists also study photochemistry which quantifies how quickly molecules are split apart by sunlight and what the products are. Scientists also study thermodynamic data such as Henry's law coefficients.



Buzen Province

Buzen had borders with Bungo and Chikuzen Provinces.
The ancient capital city of the province was near Toyotsu, Fukuoka. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Buzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Usa-jinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Buzen. 


Chikugo Province

Chikugo had borders with Hizen, Chikuzen, Bungo, and Higo Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Kurume, Fukuoka.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Chikugo Province were reformed in the 1870s.


"Kōra taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Chikugo. 


Chikuzen Province

Chikuzen had borders with Buzen, Bungo, Chikugo, and Hizen Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Dazaifu.

At the end of the 13th century, Chikuzen was the landing point for a Mongol invasion force. But the main force was destroyed by a typhoon which was later called "kamikaze".

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Chikuzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Sumiyoshi-jinja" and "Hakosagi-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Chikuzen.



Windows Live Mail

Windows Live Mail is an email client made by Microsoft. It is part of the Windows Live set of products. The application takes over Outlook Express on Windows XP and Windows Mail on Windows Vista. You can download Windows Live Mail for free as part of the Windows Live Essentials suite.

Higo Province

Higo Province (肥後国; Higo no kuni) was an old province of Japan in the area that is today Kumamoto Prefecture on the island of Kyūshū. Along with Hizen Province, it was sometimes called . 

Higo had borders with Chikugo, Bungo, Hyūga, Ōsumi, and Satsuma Provinces.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Higo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Aso-jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Higo.



Hizen Province

Hizen had borders with the provinces of Chikuzen and Chikugo.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Saga.

The name "Hizen" dates from the Nara Period, when the province was divided from Higo Province. The name appears in the "Shoku Nihongi".

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Hizen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kawakami jinja" and "Chiriku Hachiman-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Hizen.



Hyūga Province

Hyūga had borders with Bungo, Higo, Ōsumi, and Satsuma Province.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Saito.

In Kojiki and Nihon Shoki, Hyūga is called in Tsukushi-no-shima, with Tsukushi, Toyo and Hi Province.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), the province of Hyūga was separated from Ōsumi.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Hyūga Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tsuno jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hyūga.



Apollo 4

Apollo 4 was the first unmanned test flight mission of the Saturn V launch vehicle. This was the rocket used in the Apollo program to send the first men to the Moon. The rocket was launched on November 9, 1967 from the Kennedy Space Center. NASA said that the mission was a complete success, and it helped the Apollo program very much.

Alfred Maurer

Alfred Henry Maurer (April 21, 1868 – August 4, 1932) was an American modernist painter. He exhibited his work in avant-garde circles during the early 20th century.

Maurer was born in New York City, the son of a German lithographer. At the age of sixteen, Maurer quit school to work at his father's lithographic firm. In 1897 Maurer left for Paris, where he stayed the next four years, joining a circle of American and French artists. At the time, Maurer's style was realist. 

Briefly returning to New York, he was determined to show his skeptical father that he could paint. Maurer painted what arguably is his most famous painting "An Arrangement", using a woman next door as a model and completing the work (on a borrowed piece of cardboard) in a matter of hours. The painting received first prize at the 1901 Carnegie International Exhibition. Other awards received by Maurer included the Inness Jr. prize of the Salmagundi Club in 1900 and a bronze medal at the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo, New York in 1901. In 1905 he won the third medal at the Liège International Exposition and a gold medal at the International Exposition in Munich. 

At the age of thirty-six, in Paris, Maurer changed his methods sharply. From that point on he painted only in the cubist and fauvist manner. By 1909 he was an important American avant-garde painter. He had a two-man exhibition with John Marin in New York City at the 291 Gallery. Four of his paintings were included in the Armory Show of 1913.

Leaving Paris shortly before World War I, he returned to his father's house, but was denied support. For the next 17 years, Maurer painted in a garret in his father's house, and gained no critical acclaim. However, he took part in exhibitions at the Anderson Galleries and others. He exhibited regularly at the New York Society of Independent Artists and was elected their director in 1919. In 1924 the New York dealer Erhard Weyhe bought the contents of Maurer's studio and represented the artist for the remainder of his career.

Virgin Interactive

Virgin Interactive was a British video game publisher. It was formed as Virgin Games Ltd. in 1981. The company became much larger after purchasing the budget label, Mastertronic in 1987. It was part of the Virgin Group. In 1994 it was renamed Virgin Interactive.

It published games for PC and systems, including the Amiga, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, C64, Sega Master System, Sega Mega Drive, Sega Game Gear, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Saturn, Sony PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Dreamcast. 

It helped the career of many developers, including Westwood Studios (who developed Command & Conquer Series and the PC port of Resident Evil) and Synergistic. Also, many workers for Shiny Entertainment, including David Perry, worked for Virgin before splitting off to create "Earthworm Jim".
Also among Virgin Interactive alumni are famed video game composer Tommy Tallarico, artist Doug TenNapel, designer David Bishop, animator Bill Kroyer, animator/artists Andy Luckey and Mike Dietz and programmer Andy Astor.

In 1993 Virgin Interactive created the "Digicel" process, originally for an unpublished game called "Dynoblaze". Key to developing the process were Dr. Stephen Clarke-Willson, David Perry, designer David Bishop, animator Bill Kroyer, animator artists Andy Luckey, animator Mike Dietz and programmer Andy Astor. The technology was first released to the public in "Disney's Aladdin" for the Sega Mega Drive/Sega Genesis, and subsequently on such projects as "The Lion King" video game.

The worldwide operations were acquired in a management buyout backed by Mark Dyne who became its Chief Executive Officer in 1998. Tim Chaney, the former Managing Director, was named as President. The U.S. operations were spun out to Electronic Arts as part of its acquisition of Westwood Studios that same year.

The Company's assets were acquired by the French publisher Titus Software — its name was changed to Avalon Interactive on July 1, 2003.

In May 2002, the Spanish division of Virgin Interactive, known as Virgin Interactive España, was purchased by Tim Chaney along with former Spanish president and founder Paco Encinas. The branch was then separated from the main Virgin Interactive company, already part of Titus Software, and kept its own identity as a Virgin brand. Renamed Virgin Play in October 2002, this Spanish publisher remains as the sole representation of the Virgin Group in the video game industry. 



Charles Cecil

Charles Cecil MBE (born 11 August 1962) is an English video game designer. He has worked in the interactive entertainment industry for 25 years. He is currently the Managing Director for UK based company Revolution Software which has released such critical and commercial hits as "Beneath a Steel Sky" and the "Broken Sword" series. Cecil is on the advisory panel of the Edinburgh Interactive Entertainment Festival, and Develop Conference and regularly talks at events and to mainstream press about creative and commercial aspects of the video games industry. He is also a co-founder and director of Game Republic, an alliance of game developers, and is a Board member of Screen Yorkshire, a regional agency that supports movie, television and interactive entertainment in Yorkshire. In 2006, Cecil was awarded the status of ‘industry legend’ by Develop, Europe’s leading development magazine.

Barrington Pheloung

Barrington Somers Pheloung (10 May 1954 – 1 August 2019) was an Australian composer. He lived in England. He is one of the most prolific television and movie composers in the UK, known for his wide range of compositional genres.

Best known for the theme and incidental music to the "Inspector Morse", for which he was nominated for 'Best Original Television Music' at the British Academy Television Awards in 1991, the sequel " Lewis", and the prequel "Endeavour". He has also composed for dance companies, such as the London Contemporary Dance Theatre, and for events, including the opening night of the Millennium Dome.. Pheloung also wrote the theme music for the BBC television series Dalziel & Pascoe.

His film work, includes "Hillary and Jackie", based on the life of the cellist Jacqueline du Pré, for which he was nominated for the 'Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music' at the 52nd British Academy Film Awards. Other works include "A Previous Engagement", "The Little Fugitive", "Shopgirl", "Touching Wild Horses", "Twin Dragons", "Shopping" and "The Mangler". He also made the music to Revolution Software's adventure games In Cold Blood and the first two Broken Swords.

Pheloung's other work includes music for the Sydney Opera House's Twentieth Birthday Celebrations and he contributed to the music for the movie, "Truly, Madly, Deeply" in which he also appeared. He composed the incidental music for the first series of "Boon".

In 2009 he composed the music for "1983", the concluding episode of the acclaimed Channel 4 drama series "Red Riding".

He died in August 2019 at the age of 65 of respiratory failure.




Don Bluth

Donald Virgil "Don" Bluth (born September 13, 1937) is an American animator and independent studio owner. He is best known for leaving The Walt Disney Company in 1979 and later directing of animated movies such as "The Secret of NIMH" (1982), "An American Tail" (1986), "The Land Before Time" (1988), "All Dogs Go to Heaven" (1989), "Anastasia" (1997), and "Titan A.E." (2000), as well as his work on the laserdisc game "Dragon's Lair". 

He is also often credited for providing competition to Disney, and making them improve from their streak of less-successful movie efforts to the movies that would make up the Disney Renaissance.



Manierre Dawson

Manierre Dawson (December 22, 1887, Chicago, Illinois – August 15, 1969, Sarasota, Florida) was an avant-garde painter and sculptor. He was born and raised in Chicago, but lived most of his life in Michigan. 

Manieerre's work been called "surprising and prophetic". During a tour of Europe in 1910, he started painting true abstract works. Back in America, he became convinced that he could not earn a living at art, and became a farmer. He was forgotten until a rediscovery in 1963. He may have been the first person to paint a completely abstract work. He was probably the earliest American abstract artist, slightly ahead of Arthur Dove. 

After working for a year with a firm of architects, he was granted a six-month leave-of-absence for an educational tour of Europe. He departed in mid-June 1910 for his only trip abroad. He made his way across England to France, south through Germany, across Switzerland to Italy, back north for a second stay in Paris, and around northern Germany before embarking from Bremerhaven in late-November. In Sienna, he met and exchanged ideas on painting with John Singer Sargent. During his return visit to Paris he attended a Saturday evening soirée at the apartment of Gertrude Stein and he saw paintings by Paul Cézanne in the gallery of Ambroise Vollard.

1911 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career. In 1914, Dawson participated in two group exhibitions. Summers spent at the family’s retreat in Mason Country, Michigan were his most productive periods during his early career and provided rudimentary knowledge of growing and marketing fruit. He met Lilian Boucher, the daughter of a local farmer, and fell in love. They married in July 1915 and three children were born over the next five years.

Living in rural Michigan and struggling financially he made art from what was available (Portland cement, scraps of lumber, pieces of plywood). Sheets of composite wood (brand names Novoply and Timblend) were laminated together for thickness and carved into freestanding sculptures. 
The first real recognition of his work began in 1966 with a retrospective exhibition mounted by the Grand Rapids Art Museum. An exhibition organized by the John and Mable Ringing Museum in Sarasota and shared with the Norton Gallery in West Palm Springs followed a year later. This exhibition brought Dawson to the attention of Robert Schoelkopf, who showed his work in New York in April 1969 and March 1981. 
When Dawson was diagnosed with cancer in 1968, he sold the Michigan farm and moved to Sarasota permanently. He died on August 15, 1969. 





Pierre Guéry

Pierre Guéry (born 1965) is a French writer, poet and performer.

Born in Marseille (France), he studied music, drama and modern dance and gained a doctorate in literature and phonetics.

These various strands merge together in his poetic work. He is a performance poet, for whom very different places can be stages for his reading. Illness, madness and mourning are the main subjects of his sound poetry. He uses his voice in many different ways in his performances, from whispering to screaming, from sounds that are not words to formal reciting.

Since 2006 he has been taking part in various poetic and artistic events in France, Belgium, Canada, Germany and Lebanon.

In 2009 he translated the "Poems of Guantanamo" into French, and he has translated some work of important beat poets and spoken word artists such as Anne Waldman and Lawrence Ferlinghetti, from the American.




Arthur Dove

Arthur Garfield Dove (August 2, 1880 – November 23, 1946) was an American artist. An early American modernist, he was the first American abstract painter to be shown publicly. In recent years it has become clear that Manierre Dawson was probably slightly ahead of Dove and Kandinsky in producing pure abstracts.

Dynamical systems theory

Dynamical systems theory is a field of applied mathematics that studies objects that change over time. Mathematicians in this field study equations that define these objects. A classic example includes equations of motion, which have been used to learn about basic behavior of mechanical systems. Equations can either describe changes across finite periods of time (or difference equations) or changes with time being continuous time (differential equations). When differential equations are used, the theory is called "continuous" dynamical systems theory. When difference equations are used, it is called "discrete" dynamical systems theory.

The theory looks at the long-term behaviour of dynamical systems. The study also includes the motion of planets, or electronic circuits. 

Sol Linowitz

Sol Myron Linowitz (December 7, 1913 – March 18, 2005) was an American diplomat, lawyer, and businessman born in Trenton, NJ.

He was a graduate of Trenton Central High School, Hamilton College and Cornell Law School. Early in his law career, he helped Xerox get patents on office copier inventions.

Linowitz helped negotiate the return of the Panama Canal to Panama under the direction of President Jimmy Carter. Besides being a career diplomat, lawyer, and one time chairman of Xerox, he wrote two books, "The Making of a Public Man: A Memoir", and "The Betrayed Profession".
He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He served on the Cornell University Board of Trustees.

William P. Carey

William Polk Carey (May 11, 1930 – January 2, 2012) was an American businessman. He was the first person to apply leaseback financing to things other than automobiles. Carey started W. P. Carey & Co. LLC. It is a corporate real estate financing company. The headquarters of the company are in New York City in 1973. The company is the largest publicly traded limited liability company in the world. , the company owns more than 1,300 properties in 24 countries. It owns more than of space.

Carey was born May 11, 1930 in Baltimore, Maryland. He is a direct descendant of the 11th US President, James K. Polk. Carey's family has long ties in Baltimore. His great-great-great-grandfather James Carey was an 18th- and 19th-century Baltimore shipper, the chairman of the Bank of Maryland, a member of Baltimore's first City council, and a relative of Johns Hopkins. His grandmother, Anne Galbraith Carey, started the Gilman School for boys in the Baltimore suburb of Roland Park in 1897. As a young man, Carey left the Gilman School to go to the Pomfret School in Connecticut. After this, he studied at Princeton University and the University of Pennsylvania. He served in the Air Force for two years. He then worked at his stepfather's car dealership to repay his college expenses. He learned about leaseback financing while he worked there. He then moved to New York City. Carey lived in New York City and Rensselaerville, New York. In 1988, Carey started the W.P. Carey Foundation. In 1999, he served as the Executive in Residence at the Harvard Business School.

Carey was a benefactor to the Arizona State University College of Business. In 2002, Carey gave million to the College of Business. Because of this, the University renamed its business school the W. P. Carey School of Business.

Carey talks with Johns Hopkins University about a proposal to start a business school in the 1950s. John Hopkins was not interested. In December 2006, it was announced that Carey gave $50 million to Johns Hopkins University. He was a trustee emeritus at the school and donated the money through his W.P. Carey Foundation. It was the largest gift given to Hopkins in support of business education. John Hopkins school of business is now called the Carey Business School. The Hopkins business school was renamed after William Carey's great-great-great-grandfather, James Carey. The school offers a Master of Science in Real Estate program. It is one of the first in the Baltimore/Washington, D.C. area.

On April 25, 2011, Carey gave $30 million to the University of Maryland School of Law. The gift was given to increase the school's endowment. The school was renamed after Carey's grandfather, Francis King Carey, He was a graduate of the Law School in 1880.

In the mid-1990s, the Gilman School started discussing the renovations of Carey Hall. It was the school's main building and housed the Upper School students. Carey Hall was named after Carey's grandmother. It was built in 1910. The building had remained the same until late 2006. Carey gave $10million to the school's capital campaign fund. This amount was twenty percent of the total amount of money raised for the renovation of Carey Hall. On December 10, 2007, Carey Hall was re-opened.
Carey is a direct descendent of Bishop Leonidas Polk, the founder of Sewanee, the "University of the South." Sewanee named an undergraduate business program in Carey's honor. Carey also funded the Carey Fellowships for honor business students. In 2006, Carey received an honorary degree from Sewanee.


Teddy Stadium

Teddy Stadium (, "Itztadion Teddy") is a football stadium in Jerusalem, Israel. It is the home ground of Beitar Jerusalem F.C. and Hapoel Jerusalem F.C. It is named after the long time Jerusalem mayor Teddy Kollek. For Beitar the stadium was important. They played at the YMCA Stadium. That stadium was nicknamed "The Sandbox" because of its bad ground conditions.

Originally only the west and east sides of the stadium were built giving it a capacity of 13,000. In 1999 work was finished on a north side. Now the capacity is 31,733.

The stadium itself is one of the newest in Israel and meets all European standards. The stadium has 5,000 parking spots and is connected to the Malha Mall and its parking facilities by a pedestrian bridge. The stadium is located at the Begin Expressway and the Malha Train Station. So people can go to the stadium either by car or rail.

Teddy Stadium has hosted international football matches. It was also the place for the Maccabiah Games opening ceremony and other public events.

Infinitesimal

Infinitesimals are quantities that are too small to measure. 

Newton and Leibniz developed the calculus based on an intuitive notion of an infinitesimal. In 1870, Karl Weierstraß provided the first rigorous treatment of the calculus, using the limit method. But in 1960, Abraham Robinson found that infinitesimals also provide a rigorous basis for the calculus. Many calculus courses still begin with the difficult limit concept, but others now adopt the easier to understand infinitesimal concept.

In differential calculus, in both the limit and infinitesimal versions, the velocity of a particle is represented by formula_1, where "s" is the position of the particle and "t" the time at which the velocity is measured. In infinitesimal calculus, d"s" and d"t" are simply very small quantities. In general, the term formula_2 is called the differential of the variable formula_3.

Assume that "s" = "t", we have that at time "t" + d"t", "s" + d"s" = (t + d"t"). From these equations, we can determine d"s" in terms of d"t" by using simple algebra as follows:

which means that:

Because d"t" is infinitesimal, one can just ignore it, so the instantanous velocity is "v" = 2"t". One gets the same result using the limit version, with greater rigour. The infinitesimal derivation can also be made more rigorous.



Linzer Stadion

The Stadion der Stadt Linz (City of Linz Stadium) is the largest stadium in Upper Austria. It is also known as Gugl stadium after the hill it is situated on. It was built in 1952. It was renovated and adapted often since this year. At the moment there are adaption works. After this the stadium is for 20 000 people.

The stadium is owned by LIVA. The LIVA is the event agency of the City of Linz. The stadium is the homeground of LASK Linz and Blau Weiß Linz. Beetween 1988 and 2008 there was an annual track and field athletics meeting. 

The stadium was demolished in 2021. The Raiffeisen Arena was built in its place.

Second Battle of Ypres

The Second Battle of Ypres was a battle of the First World War. It was fought for control of the town of Ypres in western Belgium. It happened in the spring of 1915. It was the first time that Germany successfully used chemical weapons on a large scale on the Western Front. It was also the first time a former Colonial power defeated a major European power in European soil. The battle was the beginning of a new danger; gas, which will cost both sides thousands of casualties the rest of the war.

During the months of April and May 1915, the two sides fought over Hill 60. The allies captured the hill five days before the Second battle of Ypres began. Hill 60 was on the southeast edge of the Ypres Salient. It was an excellent Observation post to see the salient. Hill 60 would also be involved in the battle that followed. 

The Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907 had not allowed "projectiles" that carried poison gas. Before the second battle at Ypres, the Germans had placed 5,700 chlorine gas cylinders in front of their trenches. For weeks before the battle, the allied high command picked up intelligence the Germans intended to use poison gas. However, they didn't believe the Germans would do it.

The first casualties of the chlorine gas attack in World War One were the French (mostly Algerian soldiers). They were not trained for this kind of attack. When the first Chlorine gas was released into the air, the French began to retreat in massive numbers. This left the Canadians without any French support. It also left their center open to any German attack. But the Germans were unprepared for the results of the gas attack. Their reserves of manpower were low and they failed to take advantage of the French withdrawal. Canadian and British troops quickly filled the gap in the lines to stop the Germans from attacking.

Some Germans were exposed to the gas as well. By the end of the battle the Allies and Germans had suffered massive casualties. The Canadians alone suffered over 6000 casualties. Gas masks were rare at the time, and the Allied troops did not have them. A Canadian ceramic maker was able to recognize the color of the gas. He immediately told the soldiers to urinate on a towel and put it over their face. This isolated (separated) the gas components and stopped the gas from killing the Canadian soldiers.

This was actually the second time the Germans had used gas against enemy troops. The first attempt was at the Battle of Bolimov, Russia in February 1915. The freezing temperatures caused the gas to fall to the ground harmlessly.

European Aviation Safety Agency

The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) is a working group of the European Union (EU). The agency offices are in Cologne, Germany. EASA which has been given regulatory and executive tasks in the field of civilian aviation safety. The current Head of the EASA is Luc Tytgat.

EASA was created on 15 July 2002. The agency took over functions of the JAA (Joint Aviation Authorities) in 2008.

The Agency’s responsibility and jurisdiction include
The EASA is the European point of reference in aviation safety. The agency has taken over functions of the National Aviation Authorities (NAAs). This is part of the process of standardisation across the EU. EASA assists the European Commission in international harmonisation agreements.

EASA is tasked by Article 15(4) of Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 February 2008 to provide a review of aviation safety each year. The "Annual Safety Review" presents statistics on European and worldwide civil aviation safety.



École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées

École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées, commonly named EPITA, is a French private, non-profit university. It is in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre (close to Paris), Rennes, Lyon, Strasbourg, Toulouse and La Défense, France. The school was created in 1984.
EPITA is specialized in the different fields of IT. The school is part of IONIS Education Group and "Conférence des Grandes Écoles". Since 1997, the head is Joël Courtois.



Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris

Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris, commonly named Sup'Biotech, is a French private, non-profit university establishment. It is in Villejuif (close to Paris), and in Lyon, France. The school was created in 2003. Sup'Biotech specialises in Biotechnology. The school is part of IONIS Education Group.


North Downs

The North Downs are a group of hills in southeast England. The contain a large amount of chalk. The North Downs stretch from The White Cliffs of Dover in Kent to Farnham in Surrey. There are many beautiful places in the area which are called Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONBs).

National Historic Landmark

A National Historic Landmark (NHL) is a building, site, structure, object, or district with historical importance. The United States government marks them as NHLs only if they have high historical significance. Out of more than 80,000 places on the National Register of Historic Places only about 2,430 are NHLs.

A National Historic Landmark District (NHLD) is a historic district that is recognized as an NHL. It may include contributing properties that have buildings, structures, sites or objects, and it may include non-contributing properties.

On October 9, 1960, Secretary of the Interior Fred Andrew Seaton announced 92 properties as NHLs. The first of these was a political nomination, Sergeant Floyd Grave and Monument in Sioux City, Iowa as officially designated on June 30 of that year, but for various reasons the public announcement of the first several NHLs was delayed.

NHLs are designated by the United States Secretary of the Interior because they are:

Of the 2,442 or so current NHLs, 3 states, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and New York account for nearly 25 percent of the nation's NHLs. In addition to these states, cities within these states, Boston, Philadelphia, and New York City (each separately) alone have more NHLs than 40 out of the 50 states. There are NHLs in all 50 states. There are 74 in the District of Columbia, 15 in Puerto Rico and other U.S. commonwealths and territories, five in U.S.-associated states such as Micronesia, and one in Morocco.

There are 128 ships or shipwrecks that are NHLs.

About half of the National Historic Landmarks are privately owned. The National Historic Landmarks Program relies on suggestions for new designations from the National Park Service, which also assists in maintaining the landmarks. The National Historic Landmark Stewards Association is a friends' group of owners and managers who works to preserve, protect and promote National Historic Landmarks.

If not already listed on the National Register of Historic Places, an NHL is automatically added to the Register upon designation. About three percent of Register listings are NHLs.


Iki Province

The province was Iki Island. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Iki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Amanotanagao jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iki. 


McAfee

McAfee, Inc. is a computer security company. Its headquarters are in Santa Clara, California, United States. It sells software and services to home users, businesses and the public sector. It was founded in 1987. Intel bought McAfee in 2010.

Ōsumi Province

Ōsumi had borders with Hyūga and Satsuma Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Kokubu.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), the land of Ōsumi Province was separated from Hyūga.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Ōsumi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Japan's first satellite was named "Ōsumi". It was launched February 11, 1970.

"Kagoshima jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Ōsumi. 


Satsuma Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Satsuma Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hirasaki jinja" and "Nitta Hachiman-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Satsuma.



Tsushima Province

The province was the Tsushima Islands, which is today part of Nagasaki Prefecture.

The capital city of the province was located at Izuhara.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Tsushima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kaijin jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tsushima. 


Duo Dickinson

George "Duo" Dickinson (born August, 21, 1955) is an American architect. He has built over 500 projects in over 10 states, with budgets ranging from $5,000 to $5,000,000. He maintains an office of 10 staff members in Madison, Connecticut.

Dickinson graduated from Cornell in 1977 with a Bachelor's degree in Architecture and opened his own architectural practice in 1987. He is licensed in Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Texas, Florida, Arizona, Oklahoma, Minnesota and Tennessee.

His work has received more than 30 awards, including the "Architectural Record" Record House, the "Metropolitan Home" Met Home Award, and the Connecticut and New York American Institute of Architects design awards. He is the first non-member award-winner of the Society of America Registered Architects' 2009 Special Service Award. He is the co-Founder of The Congress of Residential Architecture (CORA), the first national organization of residential designers. CORA has grown to over 20 chapters and 1,000 members in seven years.

Dickinson's design work has been published in over 70 publications including the "New York Times", "Architectural Record" and "House Beautiful". He has written seven books, including "The Small House" and "Expressive Details" for McGraw-Hill and "The House You Build", published by Taunton Press and as a paperback entitled "House On A Budget". His last book, "Staying Put", was released by Taunton Press in November 2011.

Dickinson is a commissioned blogger for the "New Haven Register", and his blog, "Saved By Design" has been up since the summer of 2010. He is a contributing writer on home design for "Money Magazine". Additionally he is the architecture critic for the "New Haven Register" and contributing writer in home design for "New Haven" magazine. Dickinson has written articles for more than a dozen national publications including "Residential Architect", "Home" and "Fine Homebuilding" and was a contributing writer for the “By Design” column for "This Old House" magazine.


Dickinson has taught at Yale College, Roger Williams University and at the Harvard Graduate School of Design Summer Program. Additionally he has lectured at dozens of universities, AIA associations, and at national conventions and gatherings.

Dickinson was the co-host of the CNN/Money Magazine web series "Home Work". He was under contract with Lightworks Producing Group to create production ideas for cable television programming focusing on residential design and is in production with Bruce Barber on a regional radio program "The Real Life Survival Guide" scheduled to begin airing in 2011. He has appeared on a variety of national media platforms, including Heritage Radio Network's "Burning Down the House", CNN’s "Open House", NPR’s "Studio 360" and "Weekend Marketplace".

Dickinson sits on the board of seven not-for-profit organizations, including the New Haven Chapter of Habitat for Humanity, the Katherine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center, and Madison Cultural Arts. Additionally, 20-30% of the ongoing work in his office is dedicated to "pro bono" or at-cost work for not-for-profits, totaling over 50 projects for over 30 organizations over the last 25 years.


Aki Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Aki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Itsukushima jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Aki. 


Bingo Province

The province had borders with Bitchū, Hōki, Izumo, Iwami, and Aki Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was in the area of Fuchu. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Bingo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kibitsu jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Bingo. 


Thelton Henderson

Thelton Eugene Henderson (born November 28, 1933, Shreveport, Louisiana) is a federal judge in the Northern District of California. He has played an important role in civil rights as a lawyer, educator, and jurist.

Henderson received his undergraduate and law degrees from University of California, Berkeley. In 1962, he became the Justice Department's first African-American lawyer in the Civil Rights Division. He was sent to the South to monitor local law enforcement for any civil rights abuses, a role that included investigating the 1963 16th Street Baptist Church bombing which killed four girls. In this capacity, he met Martin Luther King and other leaders of the Civil Rights Movement, after winning over their initial skepticism of being a government attorney.

After time in private practice, he served as director of a Legal Aid Society of San Mateo County office in East Palo Alto, California. In 1969, he became assistant dean at Stanford Law School, where he started the minority recruiting program and helped diversify the student body. He also assisted in creating Stanford's clinical program. During this time, he also was a consultant to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, Office of Economic Opportunity, Carnegie Corporation, and Ford Foundation. In 1977, he left Stanford to start a law firm which specialized in civil rights, civil liberties and other issues of constitutional law. He also was a law professor at Golden Gate University.

In June 1980, President Jimmy Carter appointed Henderson as U.S. District Court Judge. From 1990 to 1997, Henderson served as Chief Judge for the Northern District of California. Since 1998, he has served as Senior Judge.

In the late 1980s, Henderson presided over a long-running case over the fishing industry's practice of snaring dolphins in its tuna nets. Environmental groups charged that millions of dolphins had drowned because of the industry's refusal to follow existing safety regulations. He
also rejected attempts by the Clinton and Bush administrations to relax legal standards on fishing practices and loosen dolphin safe labeling on tuna.

In a landmark 1995 civil rights case, "Madrid v. Gomez", Henderson found the use of force and level of medical care at the Pelican Bay State Prison unconstitutional. During its subsequent federal oversight process, Henderson visited the prison.

In a 1997 decision, he struck down Proposition 209, the anti-affirmative action California initiative, as unconstitutional. Many supporters of Proposition 209 criticized his decision, and the next year a three-judge Court of Appeals panel overturned his decision.

In 2005, Henderson found that substandard medical care in the California prison system had violated prisoners' rights under the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment. Bad medical care had led to unnecessary deaths in California prisons. In 2006, he appointed Robert Sillen as receiver to take over the health care system of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation; he replaced Sillen with J. Clark Kelso in 2008.

In addition to his official work, he went to South Africa in 1985 with fellow judge Leon Higginbotham as a judicial observer and guest of the nation's black lawyers association. While there he was briefly detained and interrogated by white policemen.

Among his awards are the State Bar of California's Bernard Witkin Medal, the Pearlstein Civil Rights Award from the Anti-Defamation League, the Distinguished Service Award by the National Bar Association, the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. Award for Professionalism and Ethics from the American Inns of Court, the Judge Learned Hand Award from the American Jewish Committee and the 2008 Alumnus of the Year Award from the California Alumni Association at the University of California, Berkeley.

Additionally, the Thelton E. Henderson Center for Social Justice at Boalt Hall is named for him.

A documentary on his life, "Soul of Justice" by Abby Ginzberg, was released in late 2005.


Caitlyn Jenner

Caitlyn Jenner (born William Bruce Jenner, October 28, 1949) is an American former track and field athlete, television personality and politician.

After her Olympic career, her professional career changed into being a television celebrity. By 1981, she had starred in several television movies. 

Jenner married the socialite Kris Jenner. The couple has two daughters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner. Since 2007, she is best known for the reality television program "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". She is the stepmother of the Kardashian sisters.

In 2015, Jenner came out as transgender. In June 2015, Jenner had completed her transition and changed her name to Caitlyn Jenner.

She was a candidate for Governor of California in the 2021 recall election as a Republican. She received one percent of the votes, and she finished in 13th place. She was later hired by Fox News as an on-air contributor.

Jenner is from Mount Kisco, New York. She studied at Newtown High School in Newtown, Connecticut. Jenner got a football scholarship to Graceland College (now Graceland University) in Iowa. A knee injury caused her to stop playing football. She changed to the decathlon. Jenner first decathlon was at the Drake Relays in 1970. She finished in fifth place.

Jenner placed third in the decathlon at the 1972 U.S. Olympic trials. She finished in tenth place at the 1972 Munich games. Because she did so well in getting to the Olympics, she chose focus her time almost entirely on training. She sold insurance when not training. In the years before professionalism was allowed in athletics, this kind of full-time training was unusual. During that time, she spent eight hours a day at the San Jose City College track. San Jose at the time was a main place for training Olympic athletes. Millard Hampton, Andre Phillips, John Powell, Mac Wilkins, Al Feuerbach and others also trained there. In 1974 and 1976, Jenner was the American champion in the decathlon.

At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, she won the gold medal in the Decathlon. She set the world record of 8,618 points. Her record was broken by just 4 points by Daley Thompson in 1980. In 1985, the IAAF Decathlon scoring table was changed. Using the new table, Jenner's score was 8634 when comparing her to modern athletes. As of 2011, Jenner is #25 on the world all-time list and #9 on the American all-time list.

Jenner was a national hero due to winning the Olympic decathlon. She won the 1976 James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States. Jenner was also the Associated Press Male Athlete of the Year in 1976. She was made a part of the Olympic Hall of Fame in 1986 and the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame, the Connecticut Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1980.

In the 1970s, Olympic athletes were required to be amateur. They were not allowed to be paid as a sports celebrity. In 1972, three major Olympic sports (basketball, 100 meters and decathlon), were won by Soviet athletes. Winning the decathlon title made Jenner an American hero. After this, Jenner wanted to earn money because of her celebrity. If she did this, she could not take part in the Olympics again. She left her equipment in the stadium. She did not expect to ever use them again. Shortly after the Games, Jenner's picture was used on the front of Wheaties brand breakfast cereal as a "Wheaties champion." Since then, photographs of several hundred athletes have been used on the boxes. Jenner is one of only seven Wheaties "spokesmen." She was asked to go to the White House to meet with President Gerald R. Ford.

On November 22, 1977, Jenner went to San Francisco to testify in court against complaints that General Mills, the makers of Wheaties, had been using false advertising about her eating Wheaties. Jenner said that she liked the cereal and ate it two to three times per week. Two days later the court case was stopped.

In 1977, the Kansas City Kings picked Jenner with the 139th pick of the NBA Draft. Jenner had not played basketball since high school. She did not play for them.

Jenner decided to try for a television career. She had some success. Jenner starred in the television movies ""The Golden Moment: An Olympic Love Story"" (1980) and ""Grambling's White Tiger"" (1981). In 1981–82, she began acting on the police series "CHiPs". She played the role of Officer Steve McLeish. She was a short time replacement for Erik Estrada. Estrada was in a contract dispute with NBC and MGM at the time. Jenner was in a half-dozen episodes before Estrada returned.

Jenner also appears in the video games "Olympic Decathlon" (1981) and "Bruce Jenner's World Class Decathlon" (1996).

Jenner has appeared as herself on many game shows and reality TV programs. In the early 1990s, she was the host of an infomercial for a stair-climbing exercise machine called the "Stair Climber Plus".

In January 2002, Jenner was in an episode of the American series of "The Weakest Link". In February and March 2003, she was part of the cast of the American series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!". She made a cameo appearance on a season three episode of "The Apprentice" in May 2005. She skated with Tai Babilonia for "Skating with Celebrities" in January–March 2006. Jenner has as also been a guest judge on "Pet Star" on Animal Planet, and appeared on NBC's game show "Identity". She was also on "Celebrity Family Feud" with her family.

Since 2007, Jenner has been in the E! reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". She is on the series with her wife Kris Jenner, stepdaughters Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, and stepson Rob Kardashian and daughters Kylie and Kendall Jenner. The Kardashian members of the family are from Kris' marriage to attorney Robert Kardashian. Season two had an average of 1.6 million viewers.

At the start of its fourth season in late 2009, "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" set ratings records. Its second episode had a total of 4.2 million people watch it.

"Kardashians" ended its fifth season on October 24, 2010. It had 4.1 million viewers at that time. This was less than record 4.8 million viewers for its fourth-season finale on February 28, 2010.

Jenner's company, Bruce Jenner Aviation, sells aircraft supplies.

When Jenner was a young child, she learned she had dyslexia. In an episode of the sitcom "Silver Spoons", she told the Stratton family about her condition. This was after she retired from sports, built a successful career as a motivational speaker and television sports commentator.

On February 7, 2015, Jenner was involved in a multiple-vehicle collision on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, California. The accident caused one death, and eight others were injured. Jenner was able to walk away from the accident.

Politically, Jenner is conservative and is a Republican. She is also a Christian.

On September 23, 2013, Jenner said that she underwent surgery of her nose skin because of cancer.

In April 2015, Jenner publicly came out as transgender in a two-hour television interview. She said that she wants to be referred to with male pronouns while transitioning. Jenner will star in an eight-part documentary about her transition. It will be broadcast starting in July 2015. On June 1, 2015, Jenner revealed her new name, Caitlyn, and her use of female pronouns officially. Many news sources have described Jenner as the most famous openly transgender American.

Jenner has a younger sister named Lisa. Her younger brother, Burt was killed in a car accident shortly after Jenner's success in the Olympics. Jenner's first son is named after her brother.

Jenner's first marriage was to Chrystie Crownover (December 15, 1972 – January 2, 1980). They had two children, Burton William "Burt" Jenner (born September 6, 1978) and daughter Cassandra Lynn "Casey" Jenner (born June 10, 1980). In 2009, Jenner became a grandmother to Francesca, her daughter Casey's first child.

Jenner's second marriage was from 1981–1985 to actress Linda Thompson. Their two sons Brandon Thompson (born June 4, 1981) and Brody (born August 21, 1983) appeared in their own reality show "The Princes of Malibu". Brody was also on the reality show "The Hills".

Jenner's third marriage was to Kris (née Houghton). After dating for five months, they married on April 21, 1991. Kris was previously married to lawyer Robert Kardashian. Jenner has two daughters with Kris, Kendall Nicole (born November 3, 1995) and Kylie Kristen (born August 10, 1997). During Jenner's third marriage, she was the stepfather of Kim, Khloé, Kourtney and Rob Kardashian.

Bruce and Kris Jenner announced their separation in October 2013, though they had actually separated a year earlier. Their divorce was finalized in March 2015.

In July 2017, Jenner announced that she was contemplating running in the 2018 race for the US Senate to represent California. She decided not to run in the elction.

In early April 2021, it was reported that Jenner was considering running for Governor of California in the 2021 recall gubernatorial election as a Republican. On April 23, she announced she would run.


Bitchū Province

The province had borders with Hōki, Mimasaka, Bizen, and Bingo Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Soja. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Bitchū Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kibitsu jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Bitchū. 


Clay Mathematics Institute

The Clay Mathematics Institute (CMI) is a private, non-profit foundation, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The institute is dedicated to increasing and disseminating mathematical knowledge. It gives out various awards and sponsorships to promising mathematicians. Boston businessman Landon T. Clay and his wife, Lavinia D. Clay started it in 1998. Harvard University mathematician Arthur Jaffe was the first president of CMI.

The institute is best known for its Millennium Prize Problems, a list of the seven most important unsolved mathematical questions. Of these, only the Poincaré conjecture has since been solved. The Clay Institute also does other things, including a postdoctoral program (ten Clay Research Fellows are supported each year) and an annual summer school, the proceedings of which are published jointly with the American Mathematical Society.

Bizen Province

The province had borders with Mimasaka, Harima, and Bitchū Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Okayama.

In 713 ("Wadō era 6, 3rd month"), the land of Bizen"-no kuni" was separated from Mimasaka Province (美作国).

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Bizen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kitbitsuhiko jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Bizen. 


Lauderhill, Florida

Lauderhill is a town in south Florida. It is in Broward County, ten miles from the Atlantic Ocean.

In 2020, 74,482 people lived there. More than 75% of the population is black. Many are Jamaicans and other Caribbean people who immigrated in the last 40 years. About 9% are white, mostly old people retired from New England.


Monica Iozzi

Monica Iozzi de Castro (November 2, 1981 in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress and reporter. Currently she integrates the TV Show "Custe o Que Custar" of the Rede Bandeirantes.

Socialite

A socialite is a wealthy and famous person who takes part in social activities and spends a large amount of time entertaining and being entertained at upper-class events. 

The term includes many people who are "famous because they are famous". These people are not famous because of something they have done. They are famous most often because of which family they are a member of and/or how they are talked about by the media.

In history, many socialites were aristocrats who attended gatherings of other wealthy people. Many of them also had close ties to the British royal family and the House of Lords. Some modern socialites include Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian.

American socialites used to be listed in the Social Register. It was a list of names and addresses of the people who were thought to be more socially acceptable in the socially important families in the 19th century. In 1886, Louis Keller had the idea of combining these lists and selling them. Mr. Keller had great success. By 1918 there were 18 yearly volumes that covered 26 cities.


Magnetic moment

The magnetic moment of a magnet is a quantity that determines the force that the magnet can exert on electric currents and the torque that a magnetic field will exert on it. A loop of electric current, a bar magnet, an electron, a molecule, and a planet all have magnetic moments.

Both the magnetic moment and magnetic field may be considered to be vectors having a magnitude and direction. The direction of the magnetic moment points from the south to north pole of a magnet. The magnetic field produced by a magnet is proportional to its magnetic moment as well. More precisely, the term "magnetic moment" normally refers to a system's magnetic dipole moment, which produces the first term in the multipole expansion of a general magnetic field. The dipole component of an object's magnetic field is symmetric about the direction of its magnetic dipole moment, and decreases as the inverse cube of the distance from the object.

In text books, two complementary approaches are used to define magnetic moments. In pre-1930's textbooks, they were defined using magnetic poles. Most recent textbooks define it in terms of Ampèrian currents.

Physicists represent sources of magnetic moments in materials as poles. The North and South poles are an analogy to the positive and negative charges in electrostatics. Consider a bar magnet which has magnetic poles of equal magnitude but opposite polarity. Each pole is the source of magnetic force which weakens with distance. Since s always come in pairs, their forces partially cancel each other because while one pole pulls, the other repels. This cancellation is greatest when the poles are close to each other i.e. when the bar magnet is short. The magnetic force produced by a bar magnet, at a given point in space, therefore depends on two factors: on both the strength formula_1 of its poles, and on the vector formula_2 separating them. The moment is defined as

It points in the direction from South to North pole. The analogy with electric dipoles should not be taken too far because magnetic dipoles are associated with angular momentum (see Magnetic moment and angular momentum). Nevertheless, magnetic poles are very useful for magnetostatic calculations, particularly in applications to ferromagnets. Practitioners using the magnetic pole approach generally represent the magnetic field by the irrotational field formula_4, in analogy to the electric field formula_5.

Suppose a planar closed loop carries an electric current formula_6 and has vector area formula_7 (formula_8, formula_9, and formula_10 coordinates of this vector are the areas of projections of the loop onto the formula_11, formula_12, and formula_13 planes). Its magnetic moment formula_14, vector, is defined as:

By convention, the direction of the vector area is given by the right hand grip rule (curling the fingers of one's right hand in the direction of the current around the loop, when the palm of the hand is "touching" the loop's outer edge, and the straight thumb indicates the direction of the vector area and thus of the magnetic moment).
If the loop is not planar, the moment is given as

In the most general case of an arbitrary current distribution in space, the magnetic moment of such a distribution can be found from the following equation:

where formula_18 is the position vector pointing from the origin to the location of the volume element, and formula_19 is the current density vector at that location.

The above equation can be used for calculating a magnetic moment of any assembly of moving charges, such as a spinning charged solid, by substituting

where formula_21 is the electric charge density at a given point and formula_22 is the instantaneous linear velocity of that point.

For example, the magnetic moment produced by an electric charge moving along a circular path is

where formula_18 is the position of the charge formula_25 relative to the center of the circle and formula_22 is the instantaneous velocity of the charge.

Practitioners using the current loop model generally represent the magnetic field by the solenoidal field formula_27, analogous to the electrostatic field formula_28.

A generalization of the above current loop is a multi-turn coil, or solenoid. Its moment is the vector sum of the moments of individual turns. If the solenoid has formula_29 identical turns (single-layer winding),

The unit for magnetic moment is not a base unit in the International System of Units (SI) and it can be represented in more than one way. For example, in the current loop definition, the area is measured in square meters and formula_6 is measured in amperes, so the magnetic moment is measured in ampere–square meters (formula_32). In the equation for torque on a moment, the torque is measured in Newton.meters and the magnetic field in tesla, so the moment is measured in N.m per Tesla (formula_33). These two representations are equivalent:

In the CGS system, there are several different sets of electromagnetism units, of which the main ones are ESU, Gaussian, and EMU. Among these, there are two alternative (non-equivalent) units of magnetic dipole moment in CGS:

and (more frequently used)

The ratio of these two non-equivalent CGS units (EMU/ESU) is equal exactly to the speed of light in free space, expressed in cm/s.

All formulas in this article are correct in SI units, but in other unit systems, the formulas may need to be changed. For example, in SI units, a loop of current with current I and area A has magnetic moment I×A (see below), but in Gaussian units the magnetic moment is I×A/c.

For relation between the notions of magnetic moment and magnetization see magnetization.

Bedworth

Bedworth is a small market town in Warwickshire, England. It is northwest of London, east of Birmingham, and north of the county town of Warwick. The town is home to many sights including The Bedworth Water Tower and The Nicholas Chamberlaine Almshouses. It was also known for mining, which is not done anymore. They also are known for the vast amount of Charity Shops which are located in most parts of the town.

The town is pronounced "Beduf" by the people that live there.

Thomas Schaaf

Thomas Schaaf (born 30 April 1961 in Mannheim) is a former German football player. Schaaf was a defender. He is now coach of SV Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga.
After the death of his father the Schaaf family went to Bremen. They lived near the Weser Stadion. And so Thomas Schaaf came to SV Werder. He spent all his active and manager time with SV Werder. In 1972 he came to Werder Bremen's youth academy. 1978 he turned professional. Till 1994 he played 281 matches for Werder Bremen. He was with Bremen two times German Champion (1988, 1993) and two times Cup winner (1991, 1994). He also won the UEFA Cup in 1992. As player he played two times for the German U21 national team.

Schaaf began his coaching career during his active career. He was then coach of Werder's youth teams U17 (1987/88) and U19 (1988 - 1995). 1993 till 1995 he was assistance coach in the first team. After four years as coach with the second team he became coach of the first team in 1999. He is still coach. He is the longest serving coach in today's German Bundesliga. As coach of the first team he won the German Bundesliga in 2004 and was three times Cup winner (1999, 2004, 2009). From 2004 his team qualified 5 times for the UEFA Champions League.

Thomas Schaaf is married and has a daughter. He is also engaged in social issues. He is ambassador for the "Zentrum für trauernde Kinder und Jugendliche " (center for mourning children and youths).

Rockefeller family

The Rockefeller family () is the Cleveland family of John D. Rockefeller (1839–1937) and his brother William Rockefeller (1841–1922). They are an American industrial, banking, and political family that originally came from Germany. They made one of the world's largest private fortunes in the oil business during the late 19th and early 20th century. This was mainly through the Standard Oil Company.

The family has a long association with and financial interest in the Chase Manhattan Bank, now JPMorgan Chase. They as one of the most powerful groups inside the United States and are well connected to the banking industry. Their ancestor, Johann Peter Rockefeller, moved to North America in 1723 from what is today Westerwald, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.


Mimasaka Province

The province had borders with Bitchū, Bizen, Harima, Hōki, and Inaba Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Tsuyama. 

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), the land of Mimasaka was separated from Bizen Province. 

Mimasaka was the home of the samurai Miyamoto Musashi who is known for writing "The Book of Five Rings".

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Mimasaka Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Nakayama jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Mimasaka. 


Nagato Province

, often called , was an old province of Japan in the area of Yamaguchi Prefecture on the island of Honshū. 

The province had borders with Iwami and Suō Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Shimonoseki.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Nagato Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The Japanese battleship "Nagato" was named after this province.

"Sumiyoshi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Nagato. 


Suō Province

The province had borders with Aki, Iwami, and Nagato Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Hōfu. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Suō Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tamanoya jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Suō. 


Alexander Zickler

Alexander "Alex" Zickler (born 28 February 1974 in Bad Salzungen, then German Democratic Republic) is a German football manager and former football player. He played as a striker. During his career he played for FC Bayern Munich.

He started playing at the age of six with Dynamo Dresden. He played in all youth ranks. His debut in the first team was on 23 October 1992 against 1. FC Nuremberg. In July 1993 Zickler went to FC Bayern Munich where he stayed as a player for 11 seasons. During this time he was often injured. He scored 18 goals as substitute which is record in the German Bundesliga.

In June 2005 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg together with his team mate Thomas Linke. With Red Bull Salzburg he won three Austrian titles. 2006 he was elected Austrian footballer of the year by the coaches of the Austrian Bundesliga. 2010 he went to LASK Linz. After the end of the 2010/11 season he retired from football. He went back to Red Bull Salzburg where he works as contact partner for fans and partner firms.

Alexander Zickler played 17 times for Germanys U21 national team and scored 7 goals. In 12 matches for the German national football team he scored two goals.




Apollo 5

Apollo 5 was the first unmanned test flight of the Apollo Lunar Module. The Apollo Lunar Module was the lander part of Apollo spacecraft. The module was launched on January 22, 1968 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.

Hallucigenia

Hallucigenia is an extinct genus of animal found as fossils in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale formation of British Columbia, Canada. Another species is found in the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shale of China. 

"Hallucigenia" was thought by Stephen Jay Gould to be unrelated to any living species, but most palaeontologists now believe that the species was a velvet worm, a relative of modern arthropods.

Unlike its contemporary "Aysheaia", "Hallucigenia" has very little resemblance to modern Onychophora. The elongated, and clawed legs bear little resemblance to the paired annulated legs of the Onychophora. It is unknown what the spines were made of and how much 'protection' they offered. It is not easy to explain why 30 or more specimens — each thought to have seven pairs of rather long, flexible legs — do not show even one example of paired legs. But at least this reconstruction of the animal can plausibly walk, and the spines serve a reasonable purpose. A picture of this reconstruction as well as a photograph of an actual fossil can be seen on the Geological Survey of Canada's website.

Jōgan







A collection of laws issued after 811 was published during this era. It was called the "Jōgan kyaku-siki".



Software testing

Software testing takes place during software engineering. It is done before the release to the final audience.

Software testing is meant to see how the software works under different conditions. These conditions might be different depending on what the audience is. Testing is done to understand if it will work correctly, partially fail to work properly, or totally fail to work properly. Each test may be used to see how one, or many, parts of the software work at a point in its development.

Proper performance may be based on specific (written) requirements or standards (which might, for example, be usability). Bad performance, or poor quality, might cause an unhappy audience. This could cause more work needing to be done on the software and higher costs.

A review of the results of tests may show that some parts of the software system may need to be done again, or may work well. Some bad performances or software bugs may need to be fixed. After more work on the software, testing may be done again.

For larger software systems, tracking may take place checking completeness of the set of tests, test results, and how quickly any problems are fixed. All this information can be used for decision making about how ready the software is, and when it could be released to the final audience.

Software testing may be done with separate parts of the software, with a group of these parts, or with the entire software. Software testing may be done by allowing the software to be used by a small number of people who the software is meant for, under controlled settings. It is then tested with a larger group of people under less controlled settings (beta testing).

Some related terms are unit testing, white box testing, black box testing, regression testing, manual testing, automated testing, testing tools, test plan, test case, test data and test coverage.

Josef Skvorecky

Josef Škvorecký (September 27, 1924 – January 3, 2012) was a Czech writer and publisher based in Canada. He left Czechoslovakia after the Soviet invasion in 1968. Skvorecky helped banned Czech writers have their books printed and then smuggled back in to the country.

He was born at Nachod. During World War II he worked in a factory making Messerschmitt airplanes. After the war he studied philosophy at Charles University in Prague. He worked for a government publisher. His job there was to translate books by authors such as Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner, and Raymond Chandler. He began to write his own detective stories based on a character called Lieutenant Boruvka.

His first novel, "The Cowards" (1958), was banned because it did not agree with the government about the communist resistance to the Nazis in the war. The book did not talk about heroism and sacrifice. The characters are interested in girls and jazz. He was about to publish his second novel, "The Tank Battalion" (1968), when the Soviet Union invaded Czechoslovakia in 1968. Skvorecky and his wife left the country and moved to Canada where he had been offered a job at the University of Toronto. With his wife they set up their own publishing company. They reprinted "The Tank Battalion". Copies were sold to Czech people living in exile. Some copies were smuggled back into Czechoslovakia. His publishing company specialized in printing books by banned Czech writers.

He was awarded the Order of the White Lion, by Vaclav Havel in 1990, and in 1992 was appointed to the Order of Canada.



Heiji



The "Tale of Heiji" is about this era. The work tells the story of the samurai who were part of the Heiji Rebellion. Along with the "Tale of Hōgen" and the "Tale of Heike", these three war stories tell about the rise and fall of the Minamoto clan and the Taira clan.



Left-wing anarchism

Left-wing anarchism is an extreme kind of left-wing libertarianism. It is a kind of politics that believes capitalism and the government both need to be removed. These anarchists want to end private property because they believe people who own it have unfair power over others. They want a future based on people working to help each other, instead of for money. But they want to make these things happen without using a government. It wants a society where there is no one in charge. Each person does what they need to without others to lead them. Left-wing anarchism often means the same as socialist anarchism and libertarian socialism. Left-wing anarchists have been a part of anti-globalization protests. For example, the protest in 1999 against the World Trade Organization in Seattle.

Ulrike Heider, a syndicalist, grouped anarchism into left-wing anarchism, right-wing anarchism (anarcho-capitalism), and green anarchism. People who study anarchists, including Bryan Caplan and Murray Bookchin, do not agree with her. They say her research was not good enough. Left-wing anarchism is distinguished from free-market anarchism and right-wing anarchism (such as that of Murray Rothbard).



Cristiano da Silva

Cristiano da Silva (; born 12 January 1987), sometimes known as just Cristiano, is a Brazilian football player for J2 League club, Ventforet Kofu, on loan from V-Varen Nagasaki.

He started playing football with Adap Galo. His first professional team was Coritiba FC in 2005. After playing for different teams he came to CA Metropolitano. He was then out on loan for Associação Chapecoense und EC Juventude. In 2011 he had a test with Red Bull Salzburg. He statisfied coach Moniz and signed a contract till 2015.


Aggrotech

Aggrotech is a type of electronic dance music. It is a form of electro-industrial music It combines the music with an aggressive style. The German band Funker Vogt is known for this genre of music.

Wiener FC 1898

Wiener FC 1898 (Vienna Football Club 1898) was one of the first football clubs in Austrias capital Vienna. The club existed from 1897 till 1903.
The club was the football section of the "Deutsch-Österreichischen Turnverein Wien" (German-Austrian gymnastic club). The Turnverein was founded by Jewish members of the "Ersten Wiener Turnverein 1861" (First Vienna gymnastic club). In the 1880s the club allowed only members of German origin to be members. So did other sports clubs. The Jewish members formed the Deutsch-Österreichischen Turnverein.

In 1898 the football section became a club of its own. In the first year they reached the final of the Challenge-Cup, a football competition for clubs from the Austrian- Hungary Empire. They lost 7-0 to Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. In the next editions the club reached the semi finals. In 1900/01 the Österreichischen Fußball-Union organized a league and Wiener FC was put in the 1. Klasse. They played for the Tagblatt-Pokal (Tagblatt-Cup, "Tagblatt" was a newspaper from Vienna)

The reason for quitting the league was that the club suffered often from a lack of players. 

Hōgen (era)







The "Tale of Hōgen" is about this era. The work tells the story of the samurai who were part of the Hōgen Rebellion. Along with the "Tale of Heiji" and the "Tale of Heike", these three war stories tell about the rise and fall of the Minamoto clan and the Taira clan.



Teleology

Teleology is a philosophical idea that things have goals or causes. It is the "view that developments are due to the purpose or design which is served by them".

An example would be Aristotle's view of nature, later adopted by the Catholic Church. The word ""teleological"" comes from the Ancient Greek "telos", which means "end" or "purpose". A simpler example would be a tool such as the clock, which is designed by people to tell the time.

Whether or not an entity (person or god) is needed to cause teleology to happen is one of the most important questions. All cultures we know of have creation stories in their religions. However, much of science operates on the principle that the natural world is self-organising. This applies particularly to astronomy and biology, which were once explained as the action of a deity, and are now seen as natural and automatically self-organising. Cybernetics is the basic science of self-organising systems.

The general issue of whether the original sense of teleology applies to the natural world is still a matter of controversy between religion and science.


Non sequitur

Non sequitur means "does not follow." It is a type of logical fallacy: a bad argument that makes no sense. 

It is defined as a deductive argument that is invalid. The argument could have true premises, but still have a false conclusion.

The term ""non sequitur"" usually refers to those types of invalid arguments which are not named formal fallacies (e.g. post hoc ergo propter hoc). In other words, in practice, ""non sequitur"" refers to an unnamed formal fallacy. 

A non sequitur argument takes something that people accept is true, and says that because this is true, the conclusion is right. The problem is that the conclusion has nothing to do with the premise (original statement that people agree on).

People often have difficulty applying the rules of logic. For example, a person might say this syllogism is valid:

It would only be true if all winged animals were birds (which is not so).

Oracle of Delphi

The Oracle of Delphi was an institution in Ancient Greece, dedicated to the god Apollo. Only one priestess operated at Delphi at any one time, and the name given to her was 'the Pythia'. The woman gave up her own name when she became priestess.

The Temple of Apollo was at Delphi, on the slopes of Mount Parnassus in Greece. According to legend, the god answered questions through the medium of the priestess, who was famous for her ambiguous predictions. Scholars from time to time have suggested that burning Oleander or volcanic gases played their part in her strange utterings.

In 560 BC Croesus, King of Lydia in 580 BC, went to the Delphic Oracle and the Oracle at Thebes for advice. He asked if he should make war on the Persians. Both oracles gave the same response, that if Croesus crossed the river (made war on the Persians), "a mighty empire would be destroyed". They also advised him to seek out the most powerful Greek peoples and make alliance with them.

An example of her ambiguity is "You will go you will return never in war will you perish". This can be read with a comma either before or after the word "never". Thus it covers both outcomes.

Cuban Revolution

The Cuban Revolution (1953-1959) was an armed revolt in the mid-1950's. It was led by Fidel Castro against the government of Fulgencio Batista. The revolt took place between 1953 and 1959. Batista was finally removed from office on January 1, 1959. He was replaced by a revolutionary government led by Castro. This government changed to communism, d became the Communist Party of Cuba in October 1965.

The revolt began with the assault on the Moncada Barracks on July 26, 1953. It ended on December 31st, 1958, when Batista was forced to leave the country and Santa Clara and Santiago de Cuba were taken by rebels. Che Guevara and Fidel Castro, Raúl Castro and Huber Matos led the rebels. Guevara led the group at Santa Clara. Raúl Castro and Matos led the rebels at Santiago de Cuba. Castro used guerilla warfare methods. 

The United States of America tried to sabotage the new government (Led by Fidel Castro) Cuba. The U.S tried to send them and more soldiers to the Bay of Pigs to try and create a surprise attack. Somehow, Fidel Castro got wind of their attack and sent his army to the bay to fight. The U.S force was outnumbered, and faced defeat. Many soldiers were captured and killed in public. 

George Stephanopoulos

George Robert Stephanopoulos (; born February 10, 1961) is an American television journalist and a former political advisor.

Stephanopoulos is the chief political correspondent for the news division at ABC-TV– and a co-anchor of ABC-TVs morning news program, "Good Morning America" ("GMA"). He returned as host of ABC-TV's "This Week" in January 2012, a Sunday morning news program produced by ABC-TV's news division. He is the main replacement anchor for ABC-TV's newscast program, "World News with Diane Sawyer".

In recent years, he has co-hosted ABC Newss special live coverage of political events with Charles Gibson and Diane Sawyer. He and has often been on "GMA" and "World News". He launched "George's Bottom Line", an ABCNews.com blog.

Before he started working for ABC News, he was a senior political adviser to the 1992 U.S. presidential campaign of Bill Clinton. He later became the White House Communications Director for two years. He was replaced by David Gergen. This change came after the Republican party getting control of the U.S. House and Senate in the mid-term elections of 1994.

In April 2020, Stephanopoulos was diagnosed with COVID-19.



Platt (surname)

Platt is a surname, and may refer to:




Scared Shrekless

Scared Shrekless is a television Halloween special. It was first shown on the American television network NBC on Thursday, October 28, 2010. The special is once again based on the characters from the "Shrek" franchise. While some of the actors reprised their roles, others don't return (such as Patrick Stewart, who is the new voice of Donkey).

It is Halloween night, and Shrek's family is celebrating by scaring trick-or-treaters. Inside their house, Donkey, Pinocchio, The Three Little Pigs, Wolf and Gingy fail to scare the ogres, and Shrek claims that nothing can scare an ogre because ogres are "the kings of Halloween". To prove him wrong, Donkey proposes a challenge to see who can tell the scariest story, but Shrek amps it up by choosing to hold their contest in Lord Farquaad's abandoned castle, Duloc. Gingy starts first with a story about his girlfriend dumping him and asking the muffin man for a new girlfriend, made with loads of sugar, thus giving her the name Sugar as revealed in the credits. Gingy becomes happy with her but ends up becoming freaked out of all her love for him. After running away and pushing her in a big container of batter, he finally becomes free of her and decides to go home, but the batter that Sugar was dropped in ended up creating thousands of zombie-like versions of herself, surrounding Gingy and eating him. The Three Little Pigs get scared and run away with Wolf who claims they are his ride. Shrek comments on the falsehood of Gingy's ""true"" story, saying that he cannot be here if he was eaten, and he runs off as well.

Next, Donkey and Puss tell a story about them taking shelter from a thunderstorm at Boot's Motel. It starts off well but they end up fighting over whose story is better and generally making each other look bad. Donkey gets Pinocchio to spray Puss with water, making him run away. At last, Shrek tells the final story about him as a baby-sitter trying to sort out a crazed, seemingly possessed, Pinocchio, but after continuously getting beaten up by the living puppet, Shrek tries to catch him but Pincocchio jumps out of the window. After landing on the streets, a talking cricket pops out of Pinocchio's head, claiming to be his conscience and the voice in his head making him go crazy, only to be squashed under Pinocchio's foot.

Pinocchio denies that the story is true, but when Shrek shows him a Real Cricket, he screams and runs out. Now alone, Donkey and Shrek hear the wind moving about, and a walking suit of armour calling Donkey's name. Scared out of his wits, the Donkey admits defeat and runs away. Fiona reveals it was her and the babies who planned the ghost act and then they, along with Shrek, celebrate by egging the seven dwarves.



"Scared Shrekless" got its DVD release on September 13, 2011 and a double DVD release on September 27, 2011, along with "".

Norbit

Norbit is a 2007 movie directed by Brian Robbins, and starring Eddie Murphy. It was released on February 9, 2007 and was a box-office success and was acclaimed from audience, although it received poor reviews from film critics.

Norbit Albert Rice (Eddie Murphy) and Kate Thomas (Thandie Newton) are best friends at the Golden Wonton Orphanage and Chinese restaurant run by Mr. Wong (Murphy), until Kate is adopted and they are separated. While being bullied by twins at a playground one day, Norbit is saved by Rasputia Latimore (Murphy), an overweight tough girl who, in return for scaring him to be her boyfriend, protects him from other bullies and frightens the other children into playing with him. When they reach adulthood, Rasputia becomes an overbearing, moody, vindictive woman.

Eventually, the two marry due to pressure from Rasputia and her three coarse, thuggish older brothers and henchmen Big Black Jack (Terry Crews), Blue (Lester "Rasta" Speight), and Earl (Clifton Powell) who the whole town (except Mr. Wong) live in fear of and also make Norbit their bookkeeper at their building company. The town's fear of the Latimore brothers comes from their fear of Rasputia. During their marriage, Rasputia bullies, tyrannises, and insults Norbit to keep him to herself until she eventually resents him and has an affair with her dance instructor Buster (Marlon Wayans). Norbit calls her out on this and she becomes angered and chases him throughout the neighborhood. He escapes her and throws away his wedding ring due to her deception.

During a puppet show at the orphanage, Norbit vents out his anger at Rasputia's cheating when he unexpectedly sees Kate for the first time in years. Stunned by her return, he falls in love with her again when she reveals that she is buying the Golden Wonton; the following Tuesday, while out to lunch with Kate, he is dejected to find out she has become engaged to a man named Deion (Cuba Gooding, Jr.).

With help from his ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus (Eddie Griffin) and Lord Have Mercy (Katt Williams), Norbit eventually manages to go on a date with Kate without Rasputia's knowledge. Deion is revealed to be a gold digger and a crooked businessman, who is helping the Latimore brothers in their plans to convert the orphanage into a strip club called Nipplopolis and they dupe Norbit into getting Kate to sign the papers which will renew the liquor licence and put it in their name. When Norbit meets Kate that evening, it leads to him help her reciting her wedding vows, and the two kiss, leading Kate to reconsider her wedding. When Norbit returns home, he learns that Rasputia witnessed the whole thing and she threatens to kill Kate if Norbit ever sees her again.

The next morning, Norbit is locked in the basement by Rasputia, who is the mastermind of the orphanage plot and had her brothers carry it out. When Kate confronts Norbit about the deal, he reluctantly insults her to stop Rasputia following through with her threat of violence. Rasputia then adds that ever since Kate came back to town, Norbit has played her, making her run away in sadness while Rasputia laughs and mocks her. Norbit decides to leave town for good, but not before tries in vain to warn Kate about Deion.

After that, Norbit is caught by Rasputia and her brothers (who were alerted by Rasputia) and they reveal their plans for the orphanage before imprisoning him in the basement again. Blue is chosen by Rasputia to stay and keep watch due to being the smartest of the brothers, but Norbit escapes and races to the church by bicycle. Although the Latimores try to stop him, Norbit arrives at the church and tells Kate about Deion's gold-digging, but his proof of Deion's divorce settlements were destroyed after he fell into a pond. However, Deion's ex-wives arrive with their children by him, each with conflicting tales about him as arranged by Norbit to help him find more proof of Deion's wrongdoings.

Deion runs away with his ex-wives in pursuit, effectively ending his marriage to Kate. Furious, Rasputia and her brothers try to kill Norbit for ruining their plans, but the townspeople unite and protect him. In a blind fury, Rasputia fights her way through the crowd armed with a spade. She orders her brothers to get out of the way as she tries to kill Norbit, but is harpooned in the backside by Mr. Wong. She and her brothers are chased out of town, and Kate reconciles with Norbit, and the two share a kiss. Norbit then ends his marriage to Rasputia, on the grounds of her affair with Buster, her attempted murder of him, and her plan to take over the orphanage.

Norbit and Kate buy the orphanage and marry under the same tree where they played in childhood. Meanwhile, Rasputia and her brothers flee to Mexico where they open their strip bar El Nipplopolis, where Big Black Jack becomes their bartender and Rasputia becomes their most lucrative stripper.

Ciara Bravo

Ciara Quinn Bravo (born March 18, 1997 in Alexandria, Kentucky) is an American actress, singer, and voice actress. She is best known for her role in "Big Time Rush" as Katie Knight. Bravo is also known for voicing Giselita in "Open Season 3" and Peaches in "".





Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run

Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run is a 2006 American computer-animated short movie from Sony Pictures Animation. The movie is a spin-off of the movie "Open Season" and stars Boog and Elliot, the main characters of the "Open Season" franchise.

One summer night, Bob and Bobbie (Georgia Engel) leave the trailer to go skinny-dipping, leaving Mr. Weenie (Cody Cameron) to guard the cinnamon buns they left on the counter. Boog (Martin Lawrence) and Elliot (Ashton Kutcher) sneak into the camp and discover there's buns in trailer. Unfortunately, Weenie is guarding the door.

To avoid the waking Weenie, Boog and Elliot climb onto the roof and Boog ties Elliot to the end of a rope and lowers him through the open skylight. Unfortunately, Elliot is distracted by the buns and salivates, waking Mr. Weenie, who bites his backside, accidentally pulling Boog into the trailer. Bob and Bobbie is hear noises from outside and think that Weenie is being nightmarely attacked. Bobbie puts on a towel to go investigate. Shocked by what she sees, she accidentally drops her towel, revealing her bare tattooed buttocks (as well as everything else her breasts, abdomen, and crotch, which are off-screen) to the passing police car, whose driver pulls over, startled away by the screaming and naked woman. Elliot runs out of the window looking for a place to hide, leaving Boog incriminatingly holding Weenie by the tail when the police officer, Gordy (Gordon Tootoosis), breaks into the RV camper. Then Mr. Weenie laughs to Boog, "You are so busted?!" and Boog responds, "Tell me about it?.."


"Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run" was exclusively released on December 15, 2006, as a special feature on the "Open Season" DVD and Blu-ray.

The DVD copy of the short film was released on May 9, 2007 in China and the DVD copy of the short film was released on March 18, 2008 in Japan. The DVD copy of the short film was debuted on TV in Sweden on December 27, 2009.


Karley Scott Collins

Karley Scott Collins (born December 14, 1999) is an American actress and voice artist. She is the voice of Gisela in the "Open Season" franchise.


Robert M. Berdahl

Robert Max Berdahl (born March 15, 1937) is an American historian, author and the interim President of the University of Oregon (OU). He was chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley from 1997 to 2004. He was president of the Association of American Universities (AAU) from May 2006 to June 2011. In addition to his duties as interim President, he serves on the Board of Directors of Lam Research Corporation. 

Berdahl was born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota in 1937. He received his B.A. degree from Augustana College (South Dakota). Berdahl got an M.A. degree from the University of Illinois. He earned a Ph.D. in history from the University of Minnesota in 1965.

Berdahl taught history at OU from 1967 to 1986. During that time he was dean of the College of Arts and Sciences from 1981 to 1986 while Paul Olum was OU president. Olum also was forced to retire in a fight over resources for the university. Berdahl then was vice chancellor for academic affairs at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for seven years. He then was president of the University of Texas for four years.

On December 9, 2011, Berdahl announced that he had been asked by the Oregon State Board of Higher Education to serve as the interim president of the University of Oregon. On November 28, 2011, the board gave Richard W. Lariviere 30 days to leave his office. Berdahl had written an editorial supporting Lariviere. Berdahl took office on December 29, 2011 and will serve until fall 2012 when his successor is named.


Richard W. Lariviere

Richard W. Lariviere was President of the University of Oregon (OU) from 2009 to 2011. He is a Life Member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
He became president of OU in 2009. Lariviere's contract was not renewed in 2011 amid a racketeering scandal in the OU Dean of Students office. 
Lariviere has stated that he will remain at OU as a tenured faculty member.
Lariviere was Visiting Lecturer in the South Asia Regional Studies Department of the University of Pennsylvania from 1978-79. He was a Visiting Professor at the University of Iowa from 1980-1982. Lariviere was dean of the College of Liberal Arts at the University of Texas at Austin from 1999 to 2006. He was executive vice chancellor and provost at the University of Kansas from 2006 to 2009.

As OU president, Lariviere answered to a number of different groups. He ran into two problems: OU salaries and OU governance. Before Lariviere arrived at OU, salaries were frozen for several years. OU could not compete with other colleges. In February 2011, Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber asked all the public universities in Oregon to limit payroll increases to six percent. But Lariviere found OU money that did not come from Oregon to give bigger pay increases to faculty and staff. This caused the unions to demand a pay increase from OU for their members.

All seven public colleges in Oregon are run by a single Oregon state board of higher education. Lariviere agreed to work with other public colleges to seek more independence in a plan that resulted in Senate Bill 242. Governor Kitzhaber signed that law on July 20, 2011 to give public college more control over how they spend money. At the same time, OU developed a separate legislative proposal (the "New Partnership") to start a separate 15-person board of trustees for OU and a $800 million state bond issue to match private donations to a new OU endowment fund. The governor and state board asked Lariviere to delay pushing for the OU legislation while Senate Bill 242 went through the legislature first. Because Lariviere and OU seemed to be working separately from the Governor and state board, the board voted to fire him on November 28, 2011. He was given 30 days to leave his office. The board hired Robert M. Berdahl as interim president.



Oxford Movement

The Oxford Movement was a religious movement within the Church of England, based at the University of Oxford, which began in 1833. Members of this movement were known as 'Tractarians' (from "Tracts for the Times", a collection of books, pamphlets and essays that described their beliefs). Opponents of the movement called them Newmanites (before 1845) and Puseyites (from 1845), after John Henry Newman and Edward Bouverie Pusey, two leading Tractarians. The members of the movement tried to bring back Catholic doctrine and forms of service into the Church of England. The Oxford Movement wanted to make services more like a Catholic Mass. They also believed the Anglican church was an 'apostolic' church, connected directly to the Church of Saint Peter and the other Apostles. John Keble was another leader of the movement.

After publishing ninety Tracts, Newman decided, in Tract 90, that the Branch Theory (that the Anglican, Eastern Orthodox and Roman Churches were all part of the one Church) was not enough, and he converted to Catholicism, and later became a Cardinal. Enemies of the Movement thought this proved that they were trying to reunify with Rome. Others followed Newman to Rome (Henry Edward Manning, another important Tractarian, converted in 1851) while others, such as Pusey and John Keble, remained in the Anglican Church to continue the work of reforming it.

Today, it is represented in the 'Anglo-Catholic' or High Church (more Catholic, as opposed to Low Church, more Protestant) part of the Anglican Church, the smaller, conservative part. Recently, with the Anglican Church debating if female clergymen should be allowed, some Anglo-Catholics, such as Bishop Burnham, Bishop Newton and sixty priests left the Church and converted to Rome in protest, as they do not believe female bishops or female priests should be allowed.



Ninpei

, also romanized as Nimpyō, was a after "Kyūan" and before "Kyūju." This period started in January 1151 and ended in October 1154. During this time, the emperor was .






Graphics Interchange Format

Graphics Interchange Format (often shortened to GIF) is a file format for images.

It is a raster graphics format; that is the image has a fixed size. CompuServe developed and introduced the format in 1987. Today, it is widely used on the World Wide Web.The format supports up to 8 bits per pixel, or 256 colors. It also supports animations. Each frame of an animation can have its own set of 256 colors. GIF is not used to show photographs very much, because having only 256 colors is limiting for such a task.

To reduce their size, images are compressed using Lempel–Ziv–Welch compression. Lempel-Ziv-Welch, or LZW, is a lossless compression. No information is lost when compressing or uncompressing. There were some problems with the patent of the LZW compression. That patent was not held by CompuServe, but by Unisys. These issues led to the development of another format, called PNG. This is no longer a problem, because the patents have expired.

A GIF may often represent a small clip of a favorite scene from a show or video.

The creators of the format pronounced the word as "jif" with a soft "G" /dʒɪf/ as in "gin". says that the intended pronunciation deliberately echoes the American peanut butter brand Jif, and CompuServe employees would often say "Choosy developers choose GIF", spoofing this brand's television commercials.

The disagreement over the pronunciation led to heated Internet debate. On the occasion of receiving a lifetime achievement award at the 2013 Webby Award ceremony, Wilhite rejected the hard-"G" pronunciation, and his speech led to 17,000 posts on Twitter and 50 news articles.

Kyūan

, also romanized as Kyū-an, was a after "Ten'yō" and before "Ninpei." This period spanned the years from July 1145 through January 1151. The reigning emperor was .










Tabuaeran

Tabuaeran is one of the Line Islands of the central Pacific Ocean. It is an atoll. Tabueran is part of Kiribati. The highest point on the island is about 3 m (10 ft) above high tide.

Tabuaeran is the name in Gilbertese language. The island is also called Fanning Island or Fanning Atoll in English.


Augustana University

Augustana University is a private liberal arts college in South Dakota. It is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. The school is in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States. The 100-acre (40 ha) campus makes the school the largest private university in South Dakota. Some people call the college “Augie.”

It was first called "The Lutheran Normal School". It was started for the purpose of educating teachers. In 1918, the college got its current name after joining with Augustana College in Canton. This happened because synod officials worried about having enough money to run two institutions so close together. The schools were only 20 miles (32 km) apart. The college claims its founding as 1860, the same as its sister-school (which shares the same name) in Rock Island, Illinois. Augustana gets its name from the "Confessio Augustana", the Latin name for the Augsburg Confession of 1530.

Augustana regularly gets high rankings among other Midwestern schools. Publications such as "The Princeton Review" named Augustana a "Best Midwestern College" and "U.S. News & World Report" listed Augustana as a "Best Buy" in 2009. "U.S. News & World Report" has listed the school a top tier baccalaureate college in the Midwest for 13 years in a row, with Augustana placing third as of 2009. It got this ranking again in 2010.


Chiodos

Chiodos (pronounced ) is an American post hardcore band. They formed in Davison, Michigan in 2001. The band was first known as "The Chiodos Bros." This was a tribute to the filmmakers Stephen, Charles, and Edward Chiodo. Chiodos released their first full-length album on July 26, 2005. It was titled "All's Well That Ends Well". Their second album was titled "Bone Palace Ballet". 

It was released in North America on September 4, 2007. Later on, Warner Bros. Records released "Bone Palace Ballet" in the United Kingdom on January 26, 2009. It debuted at number 5 on the "Billboard" 200. 

It also reached number 1 on the Independent Albums chart. In 2010, they released their third studio titled "Illuminaudio". This is the first album without lead vocalist Craig Owens. Chiodos has not said why they let Owens leave the band. On February 2, 2010, Chiodos announced Brandon Bolmer from Yesterday's Rising would be their new lead vocalist. Illuminaudio has received very positive reviews. It reached #37 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on Top Alternative Albums.




Davison, Michigan

Davison is a city in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and a suburb of Flint. The population was 5,143 at the 2020 census. Davison is located within Davison Township. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , which is all land. Davison was first settled in 1842 by Eleazer Thurston. Davison was named after Judge Norman Davison, who founded a nearby town formerly known as Davisonville, now known as Atlas.

The Chiodo Brothers

The Chiodo Brothers (Stephen, Charles & Edward Chiodo, all born in Bronx, New York) are a group of sibling special effects artists. They are best known for their movie "Killer Klowns from Outer Space" and for making puppets and effects for movies such as "Critters", "Ernest Scared Stupid", and "". They made the detailed dioramas seen in the 2010 movie "Dinner for Schmucks". The post-hardcore band Chiodos (originally called The Chiodos Bros) is named after them as a tribute.

Their studio has also made several clay animation segments on "The Simpsons"


The Saturdays

The Saturdays are a five person Anglo-Irish girl group. They were formed in 2007 in London. They released their first single, "If This Is Love" in 2008. The group consists of Una Healy, Mollie King, Frankie Sandford, Vanessa White and Rochelle Humes. They have sold over four million singles in the UK and Ireland.


Viber

Viber is an application for iOS, Windows Phone and Android OS. It lets users make free phone calls and send free text messages to anyone who has the application installed. Viber works on both 3G and Wi-Fi networks. A version for BlackBerry devices is in the works, according to Viber. 

As of March 2017, this application is said to have 800 million registered users worldwide. In 2017, the app introduced a new feature "secret chats" wherein, the users are given an option to start conversations that self-destruct after a certain time limit.



Computer museum

A computer museum is a museum for the study of historic computer hardware and software. The International Council of Museums defines a "museum" as a "permanent institution in the service of society and of its development, open to the public, which acquires, conserves, researches, communicates, and exhibits the tangible and intangible heritage of humanity and its environment, for the purposes of education, study, and enjoyment".

Some computer museums are a part of larger institutions. For example, the Science Museum in London and the Deutsches Museum in Munich. Others, such as the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, the MuseumsForum in Paderborn, and The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park, deal only with computing. Some deal mainly in the early history of computing. Others focus in the era that started with the first personal computers such as the Apple I, Altair 8800, Apple IIs, older Apple Macintoshes, Commodore Internationals, Amigas, IBM PCs and more rare computers such as the Osborne 1. Some deal more on research and conservation. Some museums are for computer education and entertainment. There are also private collections.

The term 'museum' has grown in common usage to include online collections, in much the same way other activities have made the change ('Online shopping', 'Online Gallery' etc.). Online Museums range in type and quality from those that collate and preserve material to those that simply show photographs of hardware from other sources. They are different from traditional museums mainly in that the exhibits can not be touched or interacted with in the traditional sense.






Portfolio management

Portfolio management refers to earning money by putting assets into different types of investments. The idea of portfolio management comes from the portfolio theory. This theory says that a person can reduce the risk of investment by having a diversified portfolio that has different types of securities of which some of them may cause a great return on the investment.

Keio

Keio may refer to:


Koan

Kōan is a story, dialog, question, or statement in the context of Zen Buddhism.

Kōan may mean:

Code Geass

Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion (コードギアス 反逆のルルーシュ, Kōdo Giasu: Hangyaku no Rurūshu?), often called simply Code Geass, is a 2006 Japanese animeseries. It was created by Sunrise. The series was directed by Gorō Taniguchi and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi. The character designs were made by manga artist group Clamp. The series was broadcast from October 5, 2006 until July 28, 2007.

The main character, Lelouch vi Britannia, used to be a prince of the Holy Empire of Britannia. He is a genius strategist. He meets a female named CC (referred to as C2). She gives him the power of "geass", which works differently for each person. His power is to force a person to do whatever he tells them to do. The power only works once per person and he must look them in the eyes for it to work. He wants to destroy Britannia. His only childhood friend, Suzaku Kururugi, is the main person stopping him from doing this because he thinks that Britannia can be changed from the inside. Lelouch and Suzaku are at Japan. Britannia conquered Japan after Lelouch was disowned for disrespecting his father, the king. Britannia stripped Japan of its prestige and renamed it Area 11. Lelouch's goal is to destroy Britannia. Suzaku does not agree with how Lelouch plans to do this. Suzaku joins the Britannian army to change the country from the inside. They fight each other—Lelouch's brains versus Suzaku's fighting talent.

His real name is Lelouch vi Britannia. He is the eleventh prince of the empire of Britannia. His mother, Marianne vi Britannia was murdered when he was child. Then his younger sister Nunnally became blind and could not walk by herself. She needed a wheelchair. Therefore, he hated Britannia and decided to create the kind world where Nunnally can live safely. He obtained Geass from C.C. and leaded a group of terrorists he united as the Black Knights with his well-known identity as Zero towards his revenge against Britannia and to create a better world for Nunnally. He latter wields the Knightmare Gawain with C.C. and Shinkirō in R2.
He is the son of the former Japanese prime minister and friend of Lelouch in childhood before he joined the Britannian military hoping to change Britannia from the inside. He wields the Knightmare Lancelot. 
She gives Lelouch the power of Geass. She is immortal because she bears the code.
She is half Japanese and half Britannian. She is the pilot of the Knightmare Guren Mk-II. She is an important member of the Black Knights.

"Code Geass" premiered on the Mainichi Broadcasting System (MBS) television station at 25:25 on October 5, 2006. Its satellite television premiere across Japan on Animax was on November 7, 2006. Its sequel, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2" was first announced on the March 2007. "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2" premiered on all Japan News Network (JNN) member stations on April 6, 2008.

Another OVA anime titled was made known through the anime's official website. Takahiro Kimura did the character designs of the series. Makoto Baba was assigned as the director of the OVA. In the story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass for his little sister Nunnally. The Blu-ray was released by Bandai Visual on July 27, 2012 with English subtitles.

A 3-part theatrical movie remake of the first 2 seasons of the anime was released with the first movie released on October 21, 2017. The second movie titled was released on February 10, 2018. The third compilation movie, titled was released on May 26, 2018.

"Code Geass: Lelouch of the Re;surrection" was announced on November 27, 2016. It will be released in Japan in February 9, 2019. Funimation announced that they licensed the movie for its North American release in 2019.

Official "Code Geass" website

Yun Seon-do

Yun Seon-do (; June 22, 1587 June 11, 1671) was a Korean politician, philosopher, and poet during the Joseon Dynasty. He was also called Gosan (고산, 孤山), Haeong (해옹, 海翁), or Yaki (약이, 約而).




Kōan

The kōan (; ) are groupings of related questions and answers which are a paradox. The "kōan" may be a story which cannot be understood or explained easily.

The "kōan" can be a special kind of metaphor with a hidden meaning, such as "the sound of one hand clapping".

"Kōans" originate in the sayings and events in the lives of wise men and legendary figures. 
A "kōan" can refer to a story selected from Buddhist historical records and sutras.

The "kōan" is a fundamental part of the history and practice of Zen Buddhism.




Facepalm

A facepalm (sometimes also face-palm or face palm) is when someone places their hand flat across their face or puts their face into their hand or hands. This gesture is found in many cultures. It can be done as a display of frustration, embarrassment, shock, or surprise.

Cinematic Sunrise

Cinematic Sunrise was an American rock band signed to Equal Vision Records. The members of the band were Craig Owens (vocals), Bradley Bell (piano), Bryan Beeler (guitar), Marcus VanKirk (bass), Nick Martin (guitar), and Dave Shapiro (drums). Their only released work, "A Coloring Storybook and Long Playing Record" included a coloring book and four colored pencils with the purchase of the EP. "Basically, the whole idea - everything about Cinematic Sunrise - is just happy and fun. And there's nothing more fun than coloring," explains vocalist Craig Owens about the decision to include the coloring book with the EP.

Owens and Bell were both in Chiodos at the time Cinematic Sunrise formed. The group differs majorly from Chiodos's post-hardcore sound, as Cinematic Sunrise plays more of pop rock and pop punk. The group's debut EP, titled "A Coloring Storybook and Long Playing Record", was released on May 13, 2008. Beeler recorded, and produced the EP. The EP barely reached the Billboard charts, at #196. The EP also hit #8 on the Top Heatseekers chart. It also got to #26 on the Top Independent Albums chart. The EP was re-released in late October 2008, with two new songs. This was because they ran out of the original copies, selling past 10,000 copies.

"A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record" is the first and only EP by the band Cinematic Sunrise, who is a side project of Chiodos' Bradley Bell and Craig Owens. The pair's pop rock project is all about having a good time and making music that is and fun to play. The record was first released with four color pencils. These would be used in a book that includes drawings of animals with pictures of the band members hidden somewhere in the coloring page. Craig Owens said in an interview that he wanted crayons, not colored pencils. He was supposedly not happy with Equal Vision's mistake.

On October 14, 2008, Equal Vision Records re-released "A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record". The re-release includes two bonus tracks. They were titled "If Lilly Isn't Back by Sunset" and "Crossing Our Fingers for Summer".

Source: Amazon


Adaptive unconscious

The adaptive unconscious is a set of unconscious mental processes influencing judgment and decision making. It is different from conscious processing: it is faster, effortless, more focused on the present, but less flexible. It can be described as a quick sizing up of the world which interprets information and decides how to act very quickly and outside the conscious view. 

In some theories of the mind, the unconscious is limited to "low-level" activity, such as carrying out goals which have been decided consciously. In contrast, the adaptive unconscious is thought to be involved in "high-level" cognition such as goal-setting as well.

The term 'adaptive unconscious' suggests it has survival value and hence is an adaptation which was strongly selected in the past. Indeed, for much of vertebrate evolution, all mental activity was unconscious. No-one supposes that fish have consciousness. Thus our consciousness is added to an already-existing set of mechanisms which operate but whose operation is normally not felt by us.

Implicit (or 'tacit') learning is when a person learns without knowing it happens. 

An important point made by Reber is that "implicit learning is a fundamental 'root' process, one that lies at the very heart of the adaptive behavioral repertoire of every complex organism". What that means is that implicit learning is very much more ancient than the conscious type of learning that we, as humans, normally notice.

This is an expanding field of research. 
The classic examples are the acquisition of language and the process of socialization. Children learn to speak their native language and become socialized to their society without being conscious of the principles which guide their behaviour.

There has been much debate on the bare existence of implicit learning because of the fact that knowledge gained is not verbalizable. Little research has been conducted on the requirements for the process of implicit learning to take place.

The evidence for there being such a thing as the adaptive unconscious is a series of case studies which are hard to explain any other way.

After many scientific tests were done on an early Greek statue, the Getty Museum was about to buy it. However, a small group of experts looked at it and said immediately "It's a fake". Eventually, it was found to be a fake. The question was, how could anyone beat the battery of scientific tests just by looking at it? The sceptics were asked how they did it. One said "It doesn't look old, as if it had been centuries under the ground. Another said "Its fingernails don't look right". Apparently they had all seen something which triggered a doubt. Psychologists thought this might be an ancient mental mechanism which has survival value.

A firefighter in Cleveland answered a routine call with his men. It was in a kitchen in the back of a one-story house. The firefighters broke down the door, laid down their hose, and began dousing the fire with water. This had little effect. As the fire lieutenant recalls, he suddenly thought to himself, "There's something wrong here", and he immediately ordered his men out. Moments after they fled, the floor they had been standing on collapsed. The fire had been in the basement, not the kitchen as it appeared. When asked how he knew to get out, the fireman thought it was ESP. What is interesting is that the fireman could not immediately explain how he knew to get out. From the 'locked door' in our brains, the fireman just 'blinked' and made the right decision. In fact, had he thought consciously about the situation, he would probably have lost his life and the lives of his men.

In a similar way, there are people who can repeatedly do something which seems amazing. It really is possible to spot who is lying, for instance, and it is a skill which can be trained and improved. It is possible to predict which couple will divorce and which will not. The time taken for each decision is short, and (to an observer) the amount of information available to the person making the decision seems very little.

'Thin slice' decisions based on limited information are one end of a scale. At the other end is the confusion caused by too much unorganised information: 'analysis paralysis'. There are many examples of the latter state being bad for decision taking.

A number of experiments have been done which strongly support the idea of an adaptive unconscious. The basic idea is to bias the unconscious, and see if it affects behaviour.

Subjects sort out four-word sentences from sets of five word. They concentrate on getting the sentences right. Unknown to them the unused word gives their minds a subtle bias. From one set, with extra words Florida, old, lonely, forgetful, wrinkle (and some neutral words) the experimental group "walked more slowly away from the experimental room". The priming words had biased them to "think elderly". The idea is that of John Bargh.

Priming significantly affects test results. A group being tested about the Trivial Pursuit game were split in two. One group was first asked to think about what it would mean to be a professor. They got 55.6% of the questions right. The other half were first asked to sit and think about soccer hooligans. They scored 42.6%. Other tests indicated that the two groups had similar mental ability. The difference between the results is highly significant.

Another test was even more startling. Black college students were given 20 questions from the Graduate Record Examination, a standard test used for entry to graduate schools in the U.S.A. Students were given a pretest questionnaire. One group were asked to identify their race; the other was not. The first group scores were "half" that of the second group. The experimenters later asked whether the question about their race affected them. They all said 'no' and added something like "You know, I just don't think I'm smart enough to be here". Of course, this is of the greatest significance socially. Notice that, once again, the individuals did not notice consciously what had happened unconsciously.

The ventromedial area of the cerebral cortex is a small bit at front behind the nose. Neurologist Antonio Damasio studied patients who had damage to this area of the brain. 
People with damage to this area are still rational and as intelligent as before. But they lack judgement, and find it very difficult to make decisions. In fast-moving situations, the ability to make fairly good decisions rapidly is more important than making perfect decisions after lengthy thought. It can be a matter of survival.

Unconscious processes have a number of typical features which are quite different from the conscious processes.

Obviously, by definition, unconscious processes are less available than conscious processes. Yet there is traffic between the two. For example, there is a well-known tendency for all training to move from halting, difficult conscious steps to smooth, semi-automatic performance. That, as Anderson recognised, is a shift from conscious to unconscious control as mastery is achieved. Anderson's key distinction is between 'declarative knowledge' (knowledge we are aware of and can talk about) and 'procedural knowledge', which guides action and decision-making, but which happens outside of conscious 'view'.

Learning also takes place in ways which are entirely unconscious to us at the time. A classic example is the way children learn their native language between the ages of about 18 months and four years. They do not study language the way an older person does. It happens automatically. Another example: people under anaesthetic can hear and be influenced by what they hear.

Access to memory also happens unconsciously: even when we try to remember, the actual process is unconscious. It can happen entirely unconsciously. An early experiment by Korsakoff on patients with loss of conscious memory showed this. He gave one patient mild electric shocks. Later, when Korsakoff returned, the patient had forgotten all about it. Yet when he saw the apparatus, the patient showed anxiety, and accused him of wanting to give him an electric shock. The experiment has been repeated since in various ways.

It is easy to show that our snap judgements can also be quite wrong, especially when we are overwhelmed with information, or when we come to the decisions with unconscious bias and prejudice.

In experiments, subjects give verbal explanations of their own mental processes—for example why they chose one thing rather than another—as if they could directly introspect (look inside) the causes of their ideas and choices. This 'introspection illusion' may cause differences between the self and other people, because people trust these unreliable introspections when forming attitudes about themselves but not about others.



Kōji (Heian period)




Eiji

Eiji can be written using different kanji characters which can mean:






Civic Star

The Civic Star () is a French award.

It was established by the Académie française in 1930.

The star distinguishes those who contribute to the enrichment of the community, improvement of social life,and the progress of Humanity. It is particularly for those whose lives are of hard work, sacrifice and would remain unknown without this award. It is divided into four degrees: Bronze, Silver, Gold and Silver-gilt.

The star's motto is "" ('To honor the civic virtues - Serving national prestige').

Augustana College (Illinois)

Augustana College is a private liberal arts college in Rock Island, Illinois, United States. The college has about 2,500 students. Its campus is on of hilly, wooded land, adjacent to the Mississippi River. Ninety-one percent of the full-time faculty hold Ph.D.s or the terminal degrees in their field.

Graduates of the universities of Uppsala and Lund in Sweden started the college in 1860 in Chicago. In 1863, Augustana moved to Paxton, Illinois. In 1875, it moved to Rock Island, Illinois to be near a large Swedish Lutheran community. After 1890 an increasingly large Swedish American community in America promoted new cultural institutions, including a lively Swedish-language press, many new churches, several colleges, and a network of ethnic organizations. The result was to build a sense of Swedishness in the United States. This made a self-confident Americanized generation. Augustana College put itself in the lead of the movement to affirm Swedish American identity. In the early years, all the students had been born in Sweden but by 1890 the second generation of American-born students predominated. They typically had white-collar or professional backgrounds; few were the sons and daughters of farmers and laborers. These middle class youth developed an idealized view of Sweden, characterized by romanticism, patriotism, and idealism. The new generation was especially proud of the Swedish contributions to American democracy and the creation of a republic that promised liberty and ended slavery.

Augustana ranks among the top forty U.S. liberal arts colleges in the sciences, based on the number of graduates earning Ph.D.s. Students accepted to Augustana typically rank in the top 10% of their high school classes. The middle 50 percent of enrolled students for the class of 2012 scored 24-29 on the ACT, well above the national averages. Augustana College is considered highly selective.

Augustana has about sixty academic programs including nine pre-professional and eight interdisciplinary programs:

Accounting, Africana Studies, Anthropology, Art, Art History, Astronomy, Biochemistry, Biology, Business Administration, Chinese, Chemistry, Classics, Communication Sciences & Disorders (including Speech Pathology and Audiology), Communication Studies, Computer Science, Creative Writing, Economics, Education, Engineering, Engineering Physics, English, French, Geography, Geology, German, Graphic Design, History, International Business, Japanese, Landscape Architecture, Mathematics, Multimedia Journalism, Music, Neuroscience, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Scandinavian, Sociology, Spanish, Theatre, World Literature

Dentistry, Law, Medicine, Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Optometry, Pharmacy, Physical Therapy, Veterinary Medicine

Africana Studies, Asian Studies, Environmental Management and Forestry, Environmental Studies, Latin American Studies, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, Neuroscience, Women's and Gender Studies

Old Main was constructed between 1884 and 1893. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Hanson Hall of Science was dedicated in 1998 is the largest academic building serving about 700 students in 17 majors, minors and concentrations. The Hanson Hall of Science's facilities and resources include seven classrooms, thirty-five laboratories (including a cadaver lab), a 400 MHz liquid-and solid-state NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) spectrometer, scanning electron microscope, instrumentation for X-ray powder crystallography and a 40-foot greenhouse.

Augustana has five traditional residence halls: Andreen Hall, Erickson Residence Center, Seminary Hall, Swanson Commons, and Westerlin Residence Center. All five of these residence halls are coeducational. The majority of first year and sophomore year students live in one of these five residence halls. For upperclassmen, Augustana also offers Transitional Living Areas (TLAs) in which Augustana students live in either apartment-like buildings or traditional off-campus houses administered by the college's Office of Residential Life. The school takes care of basic maintenance in these areas, some of which are House on the Hill, Naeseth, and Arbaugh Apartments. These areas usually have 2-6 students who share a bathroom, a kitchen, and other living spaces.

Augustana provides several services to attending students. Services include: campus ministries, career center, student counseling, academic advising, student employment, business office, food services, safety office, campus security, computer services, and campus recreation.

The Augustana Vikings compete in the NCAA Division III College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin (CCIW). The Vikings compete in a combined total of 22 male and female team sports, and five out of seven students compete in some form of varsity, club, or intramural sport. The Augustana College football team won four NCAA Division III national championships in a row from 1983 - 1986 under Coach Bob Reade. Coach Reade's overall winning percentage of 87% is second only to Larry Kehres and Knute Rockne on the all-time list. Augustana College was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference from 1912 to 1937.

Current varsity sports include: baseball, basketball (m/w), cross country (m/w), football, golf (m/w), lacrosse (m/w), soccer (m/w), softball, swimming (m/w), tennis (m/w), track and field (m/w), volleyball, wrestling.


Augustana

Augustana may refer to:

In religion:

In education:

In music:

Concord, California

Concord is the largest city in Contra Costa County, California, US. In the 2020 census, 125,410 people lived there. Concord was founded in 1869. It was named Todos Santos at first, but the name was soon changed to Concord. The city is east of San Francisco.

Concord is at . It is northeast of San Francisco, northeast of Oakland, southwest of Sacramento, and north of San Jose.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The center of downtown Concord is Todos Santos Plaza. The plaza takes up an entire city block. It is known for its farmers market, free summer concerts, and many restaurants. There are new apartments and condominiums near the plaza.

Concord was first named Todos Santos. In the 19th century, most people in Pacheco moved to Concord to get away from fires and floods. Concord became a city on February 5, 1905.

The area around Concord in the Ygnacio and Clayton Valleys was a big farming area. To the east, where the Concord Naval Weapons Station was later built, there were big wheat ranches over . They covered the land all the way to the marshes by Suisun Bay. During Prohibition, many vineyards were removed and replaced with walnut trees.

The first Concord post office opened in 1872.

On July 17, 1944, the weapons on a United States Navy ship exploded. This caused the highest number of deaths at a time among African Americans during World War II. The explosion killed 320 people. The explosion was felt 30 miles away. Later, 258 African American sailors refused to load any more weapons. That was the start of the Navy's biggest-ever mutiny trial. In that trial, 50 men were found guilty. Future Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall was at the trial. He said that he saw a prejudiced court.

On December 23, 1985, a small airplane crashed into the roof of Sunvalley Mall. The pilot and two people on the plane were killed. 84 people in the mall were hurt, mostly from burning fuel. Four of the people in the mall later died from their injuries. The accident made more people be against the local airport. Pacific Southwest Airlines delayed starting passenger service there that had been planned for the new year.

North of the city of Concord is the Concord Naval Weapons Station. It was opened in 1942. During World War II, weapons were kept there. The weapons were for warships at Port Chicago. The Concord NWS helped war efforts during the Vietnam War and through the end of the Gulf War, taking care of equipment and supplies.

The station has two main areas. One is the Inland Area, , which is inside the Concord city limits. The other is the Tidal Area, . Because of changes in military operations, parts of the Inland Area stopped being used. By 1999, the station had only a few military people working there. In 2007 the United States government decided to close the inland part of the station. The Tidal area of the base stayed open. The city of Concord is working on a plan for how to use the land. Their plans will have to be approved by the Navy.

Until 1995 the city was the eastern end of the Concord line of Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) commuter train system. Since then, more track was built. BART now goes farther than Concord. Bus service runs in the city and other points in the county.

Interstate 680 goes through Concord. So do state highways 4 and 242.

Buchanan Field Airport is a public county-owned airport in the City of Concord. It currently does not have any scheduled passenger service. It was once served by WestAir, Pacific Southwest Airlines, and later U.S. Airways for a short time. In 1977, Buchanan Field reached its peak of activity with 357,000 total operations making it the 16th busiest airport in the nation that year.

Concord has several public high schools:

There are also two private Catholic high schools:

California State University, East Bay has a campus in Concord.

The Concord Jazz Festival is held every year..

Concord is also home to the 14-time World Champion Blue Devils Drum and Bugle Corps. The corps is made up of talented musicians from around the world. The Concord Blue Devils are the most decorated drum and bugle corps in the history of Drum Corps International.


In 1974 Concord became a sister city with Kitakami, Iwate, in Japan. The city built a small park in the city, and put half of a sculpture, "The Communion Bridge", in it. The other half of the bridge is in Kitakami.


Concord

Concord may refer to:












Mathematical model

A mathematical model is a description of a system using mathematical concepts and language. The process of building a mathematical model is termed mathematical modeling. Mathematical models are used in the natural sciences (such as physics, biology, earth science, meteorology) and engineering disciplines (e.g. computer science, artificial intelligence). They are also used in the social sciences (such as economics, psychology, sociology and political science). Physicists, engineers, statisticians, operations research analysts and economists use mathematical models a lot.

Mathematical models can take many forms. The types of models include: 
These and other types of models can overlap, with a given model involving a variety of abstract structures. Mathematical models can include logical models. In many cases, the quality of a scientific field depends on how well the mathematical models built on theory agree with results of repeatable experiments. When theoretical mathematical models do not match experimental measurements, scientists try to correct the model. Such corrections lead the way to better theories to explain the facts.





Natalie Cassidy

Natalie Ann Cassidy (born 13 May 1983) is an English actress and television personality from London. She is best known for her role as Sonia Jackson in "EastEnders".

Cassidy was a contestant in the 2009 series of the reality programme "Strictly Come Dancing". She was a housemate in Celebrity "Big Brother" 2012 (UK).

Galactose

Galactose (from the Greek stem γάλακτ– "galakt–", "milk") is a sugar. It has almost the same chemical structure as glucose. 

Large amounts of pure galactose do not exist in nature. Instead, galactose is usually found with glucose in lactose, a sugar found in milk and other milk products. After lactose is digested and absorbed, galactose arrives in the liver. There it is changed into either glucose or glycogen.

We Came to Kill

We Came to Kill is the second album of German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Thanks for Nothing

Thanks for Nothing is the first studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Killing Time Again

Killing Time Again is the third studio album of German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Execution Tracks

Execution Tracks is the fourth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Maschine Zeit

Maschine Zeit is the fifth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Survivor (album)

Survivor is the seventh studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Apuleius

Apuleius was a philosopher and rhetorician tried for using magic to win an older and richer bride. He's better known for his novel about the cult of Isis, the tale of Cupid and Psyche, and the adventures of its hero, Lucius.

Apuleius was born in about 125, in Madauros, Numidia. It is not known what his first name was, although writers in the Middle Ages often called him "Lucius Apuleius" because the hero of his novel was called Lucius. Apuleius was educated in Carthage and Athens, and then traveled around the Mediterranean learning about religious cults. In 158 he delivered a speech recorded as "Apologia Apuleii" 'The Apology of Apuleius' in the town of Sabratha, Tripolitania (modern Libya), as a defense against the charge of using magic to win a richer and older bride called Pudentilla. Apuleius, in his Apology, provides a glimpse into second century Roman law, the economic and social conditions of Roman North Africa, and the attitude towards magic.

Apuleius died in about 175 A.D., having written his novel, known as either "The Golden Ass" or "The Metamorphoses" (also Transformations of Lucius), and the Apology, as well as books on Plato, Socrates, and Aristotle.


2011 England riots

Rioting took place in several English cities, and towns, between 6 and 10 August 2011. Looting and arson also took place at this time. The riots started when a demonstration took place, on 6 August, about the police's shooting of Mark Duggan in Tottenham, North London. It turned into a riot. Over the next few days, the riots spread to other places in London and then to other areas of England. The riots caused five deaths. 186 police officers were hurt. The University of Nottingham found that British people became more racist after the riots. 

On 4 August, a police officer shot and killed 29-year-old Mark Duggan during a traffic stop on the Ferry Lane bridge next to Tottenham Hale station. Friends and relatives of Duggan said that he was unarmed, but he was carrying a gun which a man was convicted of supplying to him.

On 12 August, historian David Starkey blamed black gangster culture. He said that "whites have become black". Max Hastings of the "Daily Mail" blamed a culture of welfare dependence.

Chutney

Chutneys are a condiment used in South Asian cuisine. They can be made as a tomato relish, a ground peanut relish, yoghurt, curd, or mint dipping sauce. They contain spice and vegetable or fruit mix.

Hitachi Province

The province had borders with Iwashiro, Iwaki, Shimōsa, and Shimotsuke Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Ishioka.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Hitachi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kashima jinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hitachi. 


Izu Province

Izu had borders with Sagami and Suruga Provinces. 

During the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road passed through northern Izu. Travelers from Edo to Kyoto stopped at the post town ("shuku-eki") at Mishima. 

In the 1850s, Shimoda was opened to American trade. The first American Consulate in Japan was opened at the temple of Gyokusen-ji in Shimoda. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s. 

The Izu Peninsula is today the eastern portion of Shizuoka Prefecture. The Izu Islands are considered part of Tokyo.

"Mishima taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Izu. 


Yamato Province

The ancient capital city of the province was Wakigami in Katsujō District. When the capital of Japan was moved to Heijō-kyō, the capital of the province was established in Takaichi District. The exact locations are not known.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Yamato Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The battleship "Yamato" was named after this ancient province. The "Yamato" was the flagship of the Imperial Japanese Navy fleet during World War II, 

"Ōmiwa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Yamato.



Billy Connolly

Sir William "Billy" Connolly CBE (born 24 November 1942) is a Scottish actor, comedian and musician. Sometimes, he is known as "The Big Yin" ("The Big One" in Scottish).

Connolly was born at home in Anderston, Glasgow. He grew up in a tenement in the same inner-city area. Connolly has five children. He is married to Pamela Stephenson, the mother of his three youngest children. 

In 2013, he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and had surgery for prostate cancer. In January 2019, Connolly said he was "nearing the end of his life" as his Parkinson's advanced.

Connolly has acted in many movies including: "Indecent Proposal" (1993), "Mrs. Brown" (1997), "The Boondock Saints" (1999), "The Debt Collector" (1999), "The Man Who Sued God" (2001), "The Last Samurai" (2003) and "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" (2004). He provided his voice for the movies "Open Season" (2006) and "Brave" (2012). 

Connolly has been repeatedly voted Britain's best comedian by television viewers. He is also a folk musician and television presenter. 

Connolly was nominated for a BAFTA award for his role in the movie Mrs. Brown. He was given a CBE in 2003.


Kai Province

, also known as , is an old province in Japan in the area of Yamanashi Prefecture on the island of Honshū.

During the Sengoku period, the warlord Takeda Shingen ruled Kai from his stronghold at Kōfu. After the Takeda, the area was controlled by the Tokugawa clan.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kai Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The area was briefly renamed Kōfu Prefecture; and it was renamed Yamanashi Prefecture in 1871.

Kai is west of Tokyo. The province is landlocked. It is in a mountainous region that includes Mount Fuji along its border with Shizuoka Prefecture.

"Asama jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kai.


Dewa Province

In 708, Dewa"-no kuni" was separated from Echigo. 

In 712, Dewa and Mutsu Province were reorganized 

Shiba Kaneyori received the Dewa Province as a fief from Ashikaga Takauji in 1335.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Dewa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōmonoimi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Dewa. 


Jack Abramoff

Jack Abramoff (; born February 28, 1958) is an American former lobbyist and businessman. In 2006, courts found him guilty of mail fraud and conspiracy. He was the center of very large corruption investigation. The investigation led to the conviction of White House officials J. Steven Griles and David Safavian, U.S. Representative Bob Ney, and nine other lobbyists and Congressional aides. He served three years, six months of a six-year sentence in federal prison before being released early to a Baltimore halfway house on June 8, 2010.

Abramoff was College Republican National Committee National Chairman from 1981 to 1985. He was a founding member of the International Freedom Foundation. He later became a lobbyist for the firm of Preston Gates & Ellis and later the firm of Greenberg Traurig. He served as a director of the National Center for Public Policy Research, a conservative think tank, and Toward Tradition. His wife Pam and their five children live in Maryland.

Abramoff's lobbying and the scandals and investigation are the subject of two 2010 movies. These first movie was the documentary "Casino Jack and the United States of Money". It was released in May 2010. The second movie was "Casino Jack". It was released on December 17, 2010 and starred Kevin Spacey as Abramoff.

In late 2004, the Senate Indian Affairs Committee began to investigate Abramoff's lobbying for American Indian tribes and casinos. In September he was called before the committee to answer questions about that work. He did not answer their questions and pleaded the fifth. In August 2005, Abramoff and Kidan were indicted by a federal jury in Miami for wire fraud in their dealings with SunCruz Casinos.

On January 3, 2006, Abramoff said he was guilty of three criminal felonies related to the defrauding of American Indian tribes and corruption of public officials in a Washington, D.C., federal court. The four tribes Abramoff and his associates had been involved with included Michigan's Saginaw Chippewas, California's Agua Caliente, the Mississippi Choctaws, and the Louisiana Coushattas. It was said that Abramoff defrauded the tribes of tens of millions of dollars.
The next day, he said he was guilty of two criminal felonies in a separate federal court, in Miami. These felonies involved the SunCruz deal.

On September 4, 2008, a Washington court found Abramoff guilty of trading expensive gifts, meals and sports trips for political favors. He was given a four-year term in prison. This time was to be served concurrent ("at the same time") with his earlier sentences.

Abramoff served three and a half years of a six-year sentence for conspiracy, honest services fraud, and tax evasion. He could have spent up to 11 years in prison for the mail fraud, conspiracy, and tax evasion charges because of the influence-peddling scandal in Washington. U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle sentenced Abramoff to four years in federal prison on September 4, 2008. Abramoff helped in a bribery investigation involving lawmakers, their aides, and members of the George W. Bush administration.

Jack Abramoff was born in Atlantic City, New Jersey into a wealthy and well known Jewish family. His father, Franklin Abramoff, was president of the Franchises unit of Diners Club.

In 1968, when Abramoff was 10, his family moved to Beverly Hills, California. Abramoff studied at Beverly Hills High School. In high school he played football and was a member of the wrestling team.

As an undergraduate at Brandeis University, Abramoff was Chairman of the Massachusetts Alliance of College Republicans. That group organized student volunteers for Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential campaign. He graduated with a B.A. in English in 1981. He took six years to finish his degree. Abramoff got his Juris Doctor from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1986.

After graduating from Brandeis, Abramoff ran for election as chairman of the College Republican National Committee (CRNC). His campaign cost over $10,000 and was managed by Grover Norquist. Abramoff won the election after his main competitor was persuaded to drop out. Norquist was executive director of the committee under Abramoff. He later recruited Ralph Reed, a former president of the University of Georgia College Republicans chapter, as an unpaid intern. Reed was invited to sleep on Abramoff’s couch. At the CRNC, Abramoff created political alliances with College Republican chapter presidents across the nation. Many of these people later had key roles in state and national politics and business. Some of them would later work with Abramoff as a lobbyist. Some of those relationships were a main part of the federal investigation.

In 1984, Abramoff and other College Republicans formed the "USA Foundation". It was a non-partisan tax-exempt organization that held two days of rallies on college campuses around the United States. These rallies celebrated the first anniversary of the invasion of Grenada. In a letter to campus Republican leaders, Abramoff said:
In 1985, Abramoff joined Citizens for America. It was a pro-Reagan group that helped Oliver North build support for the Nicaraguan Contras. Citizens for America had a meeting of anti-Communist rebel leaders known as the Democratic International in Jamba, Angola. This conference included leaders of the Mujahedeen from Afghanistan, UNITA from Angola, the Contras, and opposition groups from Laos. Out of this conference came the International Freedom Foundation. Abramoff helped to organize, and also went to the conference. Abramoff's membership ended badly when Citizens for America's sponsor Lewis Lehrman, a former New York gubernatorial candidate, said that Abramoff had spent his money carelessly.

In 1986, Reagan made Abramoff a member of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council.

Abramoff became a full-time lobbyist and used his CRNC friends to gain access to members of the Bush Administration. He represented indian tribes and on-line gambling interests. To get the gaming interest to hire him to fight against new laws to control gambling, Abramoff had his friends start efforts against gambling. Abramoff bought a restaurant in Washington, D.C. He used it to impress clients and government officials. Abramoff got press coverage and was known for wearing a fedora hat. Abramoff started a charity called the "Capital Athletic Foundation". In 2002, Abramoff started an Orthodox Jewish school in Maryland called "Eshkol Academy".

The lawmakers, lobbyists, Bush administration officials, congressional staffers, and businessmen in the Jack Abramoff public corruption probe were:

Abramoff and his partner Michael Scanlon (a former Tom DeLay aide) conspired to bilk Indian casinos of about $85 million. The lobbyists also created lobbying against their own clients to force them to pay for lobbying services. These actions were the subject both of criminal prosecution and hearings by the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. On November 21, 2005, Scanlon pleaded guilty to conspiring to bribe a member of Congress and other public officials.

On January 3, 2006, Abramoff pleaded guilty to three felony counts (conspiracy, fraud, and tax evasion) involving his lobbying activities in Washington on behalf of Native American tribes. Abramoff and other defendants had to pay back at least $25 million that they took from clients. Abramoff also owes the Internal Revenue Service $1.7 million because of the tax evasion. In the agreement, Abramoff said he bribed public officials, including Ney. Also included: the hiring of congressional staffers and conspiring with them to lobby their former employers. This included members of Congress.

Later in 2006 Abramoff lobbyists Neil Volz and Tony Rudy pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges. In September 2006, Ney pleaded guilty to conspiracy and making false statements.

On August 11, 2005, Abramoff and Kidan were indicted by a federal grand jury in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on fraud charges from a 2000 deal to buy SunCruz Casinos from Konstantinos "Gus" Boulis. Abramoff and Kidan were said to have used a fake wire transfer to make people believe that they had made a $23 million down payment needed to qualify for a $60 million loan. Kidan received the same sentence as Abramoff—5 years, 10 months—which he began serving at Fort Dix Federal Penetentiary, in Fort Dix, New Jersey, on October 23, 2006. Ney also was implicated in helping to make the deal.

After the partners bought SunCruz in September 2000, the business relationship with Boulis got bad. It ending in a fight between Kidan and Boulis in December 2000. In February 2001 Boulis was murdered in his car. The murder is currently not solved. SunCruz is now owned by Oceans Casinos Cruises.

On March 29, 2006, Abramoff and Kidan were both sentenced in the SunCruz case to the minimum amount of 70 months. They also had to pay US$21.7 million in restitution. The judge, U.S. District Judge Paul C. Huck, got over 260 pleas for leniency from people. These included "rabbis, military officers and even a professional hockey referee." The defendants are still helping with federal investigators and will be sentenced later in the Indian lobbying case.

In 2002, Guam Superior Court hired Abramoff to lobby against a bill wanting to put the Superior Court under the authority of the Guam Supreme Court. On November 18, 2002, a grand jury issued a subpoena demanding that the administrator of the Guam Superior Court release all records dealing with to the contract. On November 19, 2002, U.S. Attorney Frederick A. Black, the chief prosecutor for Guam and the person who caused the indictment, was removed from the office he had held since 1991. The federal grand jury investigation was quickly ended and took no more action. In 2005 Public Auditor Doris Flores Brooks started a new investigation of the Abramoff contract.

In 2006 California attorney and Marshall Islands lobbyist Howard Hills, and Tony Sanchez, a former administrator of the Guam Superior Court, were indicted for unlawful influence, conspiracy for unlawful influence, theft of property held in trust, and official misconduct. It is believed that they allowed 36 payments of $9,000 in connection with a contract between Hills and the Guam Superior Court. These payments were written out to Hills, but went to Abramoff. Hills trusted Sanchez as a court official. Hills believed that this was temporary and agreed to help with the transition for what he thought was a standard government contract between Abramoff and the court. For this Hills got nothing. Before indictments or investigations were started, Hills ended his temporary contract with Abramoff and reported what he thought was unusual behavior to public officials when he thought that something may be wrong. In 2007, indictments were issued against Hills and Sanchez. In 2008 more indictments were handed down against Abramoff and Abramoff's firm at the time, Greenberg Traurig. The charges against both attorney Howard Hills and Greenberg Traurig have since been dismissed.

On November 15, 2006, Abramoff began serving his term in the minimum security prison of Federal Correctional Institution, Cumberland, Maryland, as inmate number 27593-112. The Justice Department asked that he serve his sentence there so that he would be closer to agents in Washington to help with the investigations of his associates.

On June 8, 2010, Abramoff was transferred to a halfway house in Baltimore, Maryland. While there, he worked for kosher pizza firm Tov Pizza. He earned between $7.50 and $10.00 per hour.

He was released from the halfway house on December 3, 2010. On December 13, 2010, it was said that Abramoff ended working at Tov Pizza.

On 8 December 2011 Abramoff was on The Colbert Report. He promoted his book "Capitol Punishment: The Hard Truth About Corruption From America's Most Notorious Lobbyist".

Revivor

Revivor is the eighth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Navigator (album)

Navigator is the ninth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Shinano Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Matsumoto. 

The boundaries of Mutsu were formally established during the reigns of Empress Genshō and Empress Kōken.

In 713, the road between Mino Province and Shinano Province was widened. There were increasing numbers of travelers on this road.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Shinano Province weres reformed in the 1870s.

The World War II–era Japanese aircraft carrier "Shinano" was named after this old province.

"Suwa taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Shinano. 


Rafinha Bastos

Rafael Bastos Hocsman, better known by his stage name Rafinha Bastos (born December 5, 1976 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a Brazilian comedian, journalist and television personality.


Matt Lucas

Matthew 'matt' Richard Lucas (born 5 March 1974) is a British actor, comedian, and writer. He is best known for "Little Britain", a comedy sketch programme he and David Walliams wrote and performed.

Lucas was born and raised in London. He is from a Jewish family and is openly gay. He has alopecia.

On 16 June 2022, he appeared on the BBC television programme "Who Do You Think You Are?" and discovered that many of his grandmother's cousins had been killed in the Holocaust. In Amsterdam in 1942, his grandmother's cousin Werner Goldschmidt rented a room from Anne Frank's father, Otto Frank. He was living with them just before the family went into hiding.

Wendy Richard

Wendy Richard born Wendy Emerton, (20 July 1943 – 26 February 2009) was a British actress. She is best known for her roles as Miss Brahms in "Are You Being Served?" and as Pauline Fowler in "EastEnders".

She was born in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire. She lived in London for most of her life. She died of metastatic breast cancer there.

Alasdair MacIntyre

Alasdair Chalmers MacIntyre (born 1929) is a Scottish philosopher. He is best known for work on moral and political philosophy. He is also known for his work in history of philosophy and theology. He is Senior Research Fellow at the Centre for Contemporary Aristotelian Studies in Ethics and Politics (CASEP) at London Metropolitan University, and an Emeritus Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame.


Palace of Culture and Science

The Palace of Culture and Science is the second-tallest building in Poland. It is in Warsaw. It is 237 metres high.

An agreement about the building was signed between the governments of the Polish People's Republic and the Soviet Union on 5 April 1952. The tower was an imposed and unwanted "gift" to the people of Poland. It was erected with great propagandist fanfare and named after Joseph Stalin upon its completion in 1955. Stalin's name was later removed from the colonnade, interior lobby and one of the building's sculptures.

To decide on the height of the building, Soviet and Polish architects gathered in the area of the Śląsko-Dąbrowski Bridge on the east bank of the Vistula river. Over the site of the future skyscraper flew a small plane pulling a balloon behind it. The group standing near the bridge had radio contact with the pilot of the plane. First, the balloon flew at an altitude of , then higher at and . The Soviets, led by Lev Rudnev, decided that was enough for the highest point of the city. The Poles, led by the plenipotentiary for the construction of the building and chief architect of Warsaw, Józef Sigalin, began to shout "Higher!" after every of balloon height increase. Finally, the tower was set at a height of , with a main structure, a turret and a spire.

In 2024 it is used as an exhibition centre and office complex. There is a multiplex cinema with eight screens, four theatres , the Museum of Evolution and the Museum of Technology, offices, bookshops, a large swimming pool, an auditorium hall for 3,000 people called Congress Hall, and a university, Collegium Civitas, on the 11th and 12th floors of the building. The terrace on the 30th floor, at , is a well-known tourist attraction with a panoramic view of the city. The Warsaw City Council and city offices are located in the building. 


Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows

Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows (also known as D.R.U.G.S.) is an American post-hardcore band. They formed in 2010. D.R.U.G.S released their debut self-titled album on February 22, 2011. It was met with generally positive reviews. AbsolutePunk gave the album a 78%.

On November 11, 2010, Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows released their first song, "If You Think This Song Is About You, It Probably Is." On December 6, 2010, they released their second song, "Mr. Owl Ate My Metal Worm." This was followed by "Sex Life", released on January 18, 2011, which is the first single from the album. The album sold 14,000+ copies and peaked at #29 on the Billboard 200. Since then, it has hit #1 on Billboards Hard Rock charts.

List of islands of Japan

The List of islands of Japan may be grouped by type or location. Japan is a country of islands.

Japan has four main islands running from north to south. The general shape of the island grouping looks like the body of a dragon with its head erect.

Japan has 6,000+ smaller islands and people live on 430+ of these islands.







Most of these are in the East China Sea.

The northern half is administratively part of Kagoshima Prefecture and Kyūshū.
The North-Eastern Group:
The North-Western Group:

The Shichi-tō:


The Southern Half, Okinawa Prefecture
The Central Group or Ryukyu proper:

Also known as the Further Isles:




These are the four disputed Kuril Islands, also known as the Chishima Islands.



Denise Welch

Jacqueline Denise Welch (born 22 May 1958) is an English actress, television personality, writer and broadcaster. She is most famous for portraying the roles of Natalie Barnes in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1997–2000), and Steph Haydock in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2010). Welch is also known for her appearances as a regular panellist on the ITV chat show "Loose Women" (2000–2002, 2005–2013, 2018–present). From 2021 to 2022, she appeared as Trish Minniver in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks".

Welch's other acting roles include the television dramas "Spender" (1991–1993), "Soldier Soldier" (1993–1995), and "Down to Earth" (2004–2005). In 2011, she was a contestant on the sixth series of "Dancing on Ice", where she was partnered with professional skater Matt Evers and in 2012, she won the ninth series of "Celebrity Big Brother". 

Welch was born in Tynemouth, Northumberland and currently lives in Cheshire.

Welch confessed that her marriage was nearly ruined because of her mental illness, as well as an affair she had during her depression. In April 2010, her 320-page autobiography "Pulling Myself Together" was published, in which she describes how she overcame her problems with alcohol, drugs and depression. It became a best-seller in the UK.

Joel McHale

Joel Edward McHale (born November 20, 1971) is an Italian-American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, writer, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known as the host of "Talk Soup" and as Jeff Winger in "Community". He has acted in movies including "" as Wilbur Wilson, "Open Season 2" as the voice of Elliot (taking Ashton Kutcher's place), and "Ted" as Rex.

McHale, the middle of the three brothers, was born Joel Edward McHale in Rome, Italy on November 20, 1971. His mother, Laurie, is from Vancouver, British Columbia, and his father, Jack, is from Chicago. McHale and his brothers were born in Rome, where their father worked for an American university. He grew up in the Seattle area, graduating from Mercer Island High School in 1991. Also he participated at Youth Theatre Northwest.

He received a bachelor's degree in History from the University of Washington in 1995. While at the University of Washington, McHale briefly belonged to the Theta Chi Fraternity. He was recruited to be on the rowing team, but later walked onto the football team, playing tight end for two years. McHale received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the Professional Actors Training Program at the University of Washington.

McHale was part of the "Almost Live!" cast, a local sketch-comedy TV show produced by Seattle's KING-TV (Channel 5). From 1993 until 1997, McHale was a member of the improv comedy group at Unexpected Productions, participating in Theatersports! at the Market Theater located in Pike Place Fish Market in downtown Seattle.

After earning his master's degree in acting, McHale moved to Los Angeles and landed small roles in "Oliver Beene", "", and "Will & Grace". He played a TV reporter in the biopic "Lords of Dogtown". He guest-starred as a cast member on the NBC improv comedy show "Thank God You're Here" during the pilot episode and had a guest role on an episode of "Pushing Daisies". McHale also appeared in "Spider-Man 2" in a small role as Mr. Jacks, a bank manager.

In 2004, McHale began hosting "The Soup", a satirical weekly television show on the "E!" television network. Throughout the show, he takes the audience through the oddities and ridiculous happenings of the week in television. He frequently appears as a co-host on "Loveline". He has also had a long association with Circle X Theatre, where he has done several plays. McHale was a weekly guest on "The Adam Carolla Show" and "Mickey and Amelia", and occasional guest on the "Opie and Anthony Show". He has been a judge on "Iron Chef America". He was involved in the American version of the British TV show "The IT Crowd". McHale made a guest appearance on the finale of "Last Comic Standing" sixth season, when he recapped the show's events in his typical format of jokes made popular on "The Soup". He usually appeared in "Countdown with Keith Olbermann" in a humor sequence closing the show.

McHale played FBI Agent Robert Herndon in "The Informant!" (2009), alongside Matt Damon. 
He currently stars in "Community", which premiered in fall 2009. He also continues to host "The Soup".

McHale voiced the mule Elliot in "Open Season 2" (the direct-to-video sequel to "Open Season") since Ashton Kutcher didn't come back; but in "Open Season 3", McHale didn't return himself and got replaced by Matthew W. Taylor, who was replaced by Will Townsend in "".

McHale married Sarah Williams in 1996. They have two sons: Edward Roy, "Eddie" (born 2005) and Isaac Hayden (born 2008). McHale and Williams live in the Hollywood Hills.


Georgia Engel

Georgia Bright Engel (July 28, 1948 – April 12, 2019) was an American actress. She was the voice of Bobbie in the "Open Season" franchise. She was also on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and on "Everybody Loves Raymond". She had two Emmy nominations for both shows. She was born in Washington, D.C..

She played a good witch in the 2007 recurring role of Esmeralda on the NBC soap opera "Passions".

Engel died of unknown causes in Princeton, New Jersey on April 12, 2019 at the age of 70.

Kazusa Province

The ancient capital city of the province was in or near Ichihara, Chiba.

Kazusa was originally part of a larger territory known as , which was divided into Kazusa Province and Shimōsa Province during the reign of Emperor Kōtoku (645-654). Part of Kazusa was made into Awa Province during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kazusa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tamasaki jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kazusa. 


Equal Vision Records

Equal Vision Records is a record label based in Albany, New York. The record label focuses in metal or punk-based rock genres. Equal Vision Records was founded in the early 1990s by Ray Cappo. In July 2009, Equal Vision Records made a sub-label named "Mantralogy." This sub-label will feature bands that "deliver edgy, Krishna-conscious music."

Gary Sinise

Gary Alan Sinise (born March 17, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, voice artist, and comedian. He as in the movies "Of Mice and Men", "Forrest Gump", "George Wallace", and "Open Season". Since 2004, Sinise has starred in CBS's "" as Detective Mac Taylor.

Sinise has won many awards including an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award. He was awarded the Presidential Citizen Medal by George W. Bush for work he did supporting the U.S. Military and supporting Iraqi children.

Sinise has been married to actress Moira Harris since 1981 and they have three children: Sophie Anne (b. 1988), McCanna Anthony (b. 1990), and Ella Jane (b. 1992).

Jon Favreau

Jonathan Kolia "Jon" Favreau (; born October 19, 1966) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, screenwriter, voice artist, and comedian. He appeared in such movies as "Elf" (in which he was also the director) and "Open Season" (but got replaced by Matt Taylor for the rest of the series). He is also known for directing "Iron Man" and "The Jungle Book".

Steve Schirripa

Steven Ralph "Steve" Schirripa (born September 3, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, voice artist, and comedian in such movies and TV series as "The Sopranos" as Bobby Baccalieri, "Nothing Personal" (in which he is the host), and the "Open Season" series as Roberto.


Crispin Glover

Crispin Hellion Glover (born April 20, 1964) is an American actor. He has acted in such movies as "Back to the Future", "Epic Movie" (where he did a parody of the Willy Wonka played by Johnny Depp) and the "Open Season" series as Fifi. 

In the late 1980s, Glover started his company, Volcanic Eruptions. The company publishes his books and also is the production company for his movies, "What Is It?" and "It is Fine. Everything is Fine!".

Glover has written between 15 and 20 books. He makes the books by reusing old novels and other publications which are in the public domain due to their age. He rearranges text, blacks out certain standing passages, and adds his own prose and sometimes images.

His father is actor Bruce Glover. His mother was Betty Glover who died in 2016.

Associação Sportiva Sociedade Unida

Associação Sportiva Sociedade Unida is a football club which plays in Brazil.

Dave Garroway

David Cunningham "Dave" Garroway (July 13, 1913 – July 21, 1982) was the founding host of NBC's "Today" from 1952 to 1961. He had an easygoing and relaxing style. Yet, Garroway suffered from depression. He has been honored for his contributions to radio and television with a star for each on the Hollywood Walk of Fame as well as the St. Louis Walk of Fame, the city where he spent part of his teenage years and early adulthood.

He was born in Schenectady, New York. By the time Garroway was 14, he had moved with his family 13 times before settling in St. Louis, Missouri. In St. Louis, he attended University City High School. He earned a degree from Washington University in St. Louis in abnormal psychology. Before going into broadcasting, Garroway worked as a Harvard University lab assistant, as a book salesman, and as a piston ring salesman. After not being able to successfully sell either, Garroway decided to try his hand in radio.

Garroway began his broadcasting career modestly. Starting at NBC as an page in 1938, he went on to graduate 23rd in a class of 24 from NBC's school for announcers. Following graduation, he landed a job at Pittsburgh radio station KDKA in 1939. As a station reporter, he went about the region filing reports from a hot-air balloon, a U.S. Navy submarine in the Ohio River, and from deep inside a coal mine. His early reporting efforts earned Garroway a reputation for finding a good story, even if it took him to unusual places. The "Roving Announcer", as he was known, worked his way up to become the station's special events director, while still attending to his on-air work. After two years with KDKA, Garroway left for Chicago.

When the United States entered World War II in 1941, Garroway enlisted in the U.S. Navy. While stationed in Honolulu, he hosted a radio show when off duty, playing jazz records and reminiscing about the old days back in Chicago. After the war, Garroway went to work as a disc jockey at WMAQ (AM) in Chicago. Over time, Garroway hosted a series of radio programs such as "The 11:60 Club", "The Dave Garroway Show", and "Reserved for Garroway". One oddity Garroway introduced on his radio shows was having the studio audience respond to a song number not by applauding but by snapping their fingers. Garroway also worked to organize jazz concerts, creating a "Jazz Circuit" of local clubs in 1947, bringing back interest in this form of music. His fellow disk jockeys voted him the nation's best in the 1948 and 1949 "Billboard" polls. He won the award again in 1951.

Leaving the Midwest again for New York, Garroway was the first "communicator" on NBC Radio's "Monitor" when the program first aired on June 12, 1955. He continued as the Sunday evening host of the news/music program from 1955 to 1961. Garroway worked on the air at WCBS radio in 1964 and briefly hosted the afternoon drive shift at KFI in Los Angeles in late 1970 and early 1971.

Garroway was introduced to the national television audience when he hosted the experimental musical variety show "Garroway at Large", telecast live from Chicago. It was carried by NBC from June 18, 1949, to June 24, 1951.

Garroway's relaxed, informal style when on the air became part of his trademark. In 1960, "New York Times" reviewer Richard F. Shepard wrote, "He does not crash into the home with the false jollity and thunderous witticisms of a backslapper. He is pleasant, serious, scholarly looking and not obtrusively convivial." On television, Garroway was known for his signoff, saying "Peace" with an upraised palm.
Along with Arthur Godfrey, Arlene Francis, and Jack Paar, Garroway was one of the pioneers of the television talk show. Television commentator Steven D. Stark traces the origins of the style to Chicago. Garroway, Studs Terkel, and Hugh Downs all hosted relaxed, talkative, impromptu shows in that city in the early 1950s. Earlier radio and television voices spoke with an authoritative "announcer's" intonation, resembling public oration, often dropping about a musical fifth on the last word of a sentence. Garroway was one of the broadcasters who introduced conversational style and tone to television, beginning some broadcasts as though the viewer were sitting in the studio with him, as in this November 20, 1957, introduction for the "Today" show: "And how are you about the world today? Let's see what kind of shape it's in; there is a glimmer of hope." 

NBC president Sylvester "Pat" Weaver picked Garroway to host his new morning news-and-entertainment experiment, the "Today" show, in 1951. Garroway soon was joined by news editor Jim Fleming and announcer Jack Lescoulie as television's first loose "family" of the airwaves when the show debuted on Monday, January 14, 1952. Though initially panned by critics, Garroway's style attracted a large audience that enjoyed his easygoing presence early in the morning. His familiar "cohost," a chimpanzee with the puckish name of J. Fred Muggs, didn't hurt his genial manner, but his concurrent seriousness in dealing with news stories and ability to clearly explain abstract concepts earned him the nickname "The Communicator" and eventually won praise from critics and viewers alike.

At the same time he did "Today", Garroway also hosted a Friday night variety series, "The Dave Garroway Show", from October 2, 1953, to June 25, 1954, and on October 16, 1955, he began hosting NBC's Sunday afternoon live documentary "Wide Wide World", continuing with that series until June 8, 1958. Another Friday evening variety show, "Dave's Place", was on the air in 1960. He also hosted a radio show, "Dial Dave Garroway", that went on the air as soon as "Today" wrapped up each morning. "Dial Dave Garroway" began in 1946 when Garroway was still working for WMAQ in Chicago.

Garroway took "Today" to various locations as its host: Paris in 1959 and Rome in 1960; car shows and technology expos; plays and movies; and aboard an Air Force B-52 for a practice bombing run. Through television, Garroway gave viewers access to a variety of people that included politicians, writers, artists, scientists, economists, and musicians.

In late 1960, Garroway hosted a special filmed program for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association that traced Billy Graham's crusades from 1949 to 1960.

Garroway suffered from depression. Toward the end of his professional career, he began to have disagreements with staff members; some days Garroway would disappear in the middle of the "Today" broadcast, leaving colleagues to finish the live program. Then, on April 28, 1961, Garroway's second wife, Pamela, died of causes related to drug-use. Causing emotional turmoil, Garroway went further into depression and emotional and mental instability. In late May 1961, Garroway resigned, announcing his intention to leave "Today" either at the end of October when his contract was finished or sooner, if possible. He wanted to spend more time with his children. His last "Today" show was on June 16, 1961.

Garroway returned to television on National Educational Television (the forerunner of PBS) with a science series called "Exploring the Universe" in late 1962. Later he went back to working in radio, doing "split shift" shows called "Garroway AM" (mid mornings) and "Garroway PM" (mid afternoons) for WCBS (AM), New York. Garroway also started a magazine, "National FM-Radio". The venture was a costly failure. Garroway realized he was not cut out to be a businessman. While he was in the publishing business, Garroway began reading various law books in an effort to try to understand what his lawyer was saying. His attorney told him that he had done enough legal reading to pass the New York State bar exam. On a bet, Garroway sat for and passed the written exam.

Garroway did other local radio and television shows. Garroway appeared sporadically on other television programs without achieving anywhere near the success and recognition levels he enjoyed on "Today". The most viewers saw of him for the rest of the 1960s and 1970s was whenever he reemerged for "Today" anniversaries. His final such appearance was on the 30th anniversary show, on January 14, 1982.

He was very interested in astronomy, and during a tour of Russian telescopes he met his third wife, astronomer Sarah Lee Lippincott. In his final years, he attended astronomy symposia at Swarthmore College and spent time at Sproul Observatory.

In his role as "Today" host, Garroway acted as pitchman for several of the show's sponsors. Among them were Admiral television sets, Alcoa and Sergeant's dog food. Most of the appearances were in the form of print ads in newspapers and magazines. By 1960, there was also a board game called "Dave Garroway's "Today" Game".

Garroway, an amateur drummer and inveterate music lover, lent his name to a series of recordings of jazz, classical, and pop music released in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Among them were "Wide, Wide World of Jazz", 1957's "Some of My Favorites" and 1958's "Dave Garroway's Orchestra: An Adventure in Hi-Fi Music". In a lighter vein, Garroway narrated a compilation of romantic songs performed by the Boston Pops Orchestra, "Getting Friendly with Music," in 1956.

Garroway also served as narrator for special albums, including 1964's "The Great Campaigners, 1928–1960" and 1960's "Names From the Wars."

In 1960, Garroway penned "Fun on Wheels," an activity book for children on road trips. The book was revised and reissued in 1962 and 1964.

Toward the end of his life, Garroway planned to write an autobiography. The book never made it past the research stage; the surviving notes, manuscripts, audio tapes, and news clippings were sent to former "Today" researcher Lee Lawrence. Upon Lawrence's death in 2003, the boxes were turned over to the Library of American Broadcasting, Special Collections, University of Maryland Libraries, where they resided as of 2009.

After having undergone heart surgery, Garroway was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at his Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, home on July 21, 1982. He had one son, David Jr., and a daughter, Paris. When he married Pamela in 1956, he adopted her son, Michael, whom he raised as his own after her death.

The July 22 edition of "Today" was mainly a remembrance of Garroway. Sidekick Jack Lescoulie, news editor Frank Blair, and former consumer reporter Betty Furness offered tributes on the show. Garroway's passing was noted on "NBC Nightly News" with John Chancellor, the man who replaced Garroway on "Today" 21 years earlier. On "NBC News Overnight," host Linda Ellerbee closed the program with "Peace" instead of her usual "And so it goes."

Because of Garroway's dedication to the cause of mental health, his third wife, Sarah, helped establish the Dave Garroway Laboratory for the Study of Depression at the University of Pennsylvania. Garroway is buried in West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.

Robert McKimson's 1960 cartoon "Wild Wild World" depicts "Cave Darroway" presenting footage from the Stone Age.

"Mad" spoofed him in one issue as "Dave Garrowunway."

In Robert Redford's 1994 film "Quiz Show", Garroway was portrayed by Barry Levinson.



Gemma Arterton

Gemma Christina Arterton (born 12 January 1986) is a British actress. She was born and raised in Gravesend, Kent and lives in London.
Gemma was born on 1986 and studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She starred in St Trinian's, was a Bond girl in Quantum of Solace and played the title character in Tamara Drewe. She co-starred with Justin Timberlake in the 2013 film Runner Runner.

She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2011.

Kia Corporation

Kia Corporation formerly known as Kia Motors (, ) is a car company. The headquarters are in Seoul, South Korea. It is the second-largest automobile manufacturer in that country, after Hyundai Motor Company. Kia sold of over 1.4 million vehicles in 2010. The company is partly owned by the Hyundai Motor Group. Hyoung-Keun (Hank) Lee has been president since August 2009.

The word "Kia" comes from Korean words meaning "to arise from Asia to the world". 1944




Hyundai Motor Company

Hyundai Motor Company (Hangul : 현대 자동차 주식회사; Hanj : 現代自動車株式會社; , "Hyŏndae", ) is a Korean car company. It is based in Seoul, South Korea. Along with Kia, it makes up the Hyundai Kia Automotive Group. The group is the world's fourth-largest maker of cars as of 2009. As of 2011, it is the world's fastest growing automaker for two years in a row. In 2008, Hyundai (without Kia) ranked as the eighth-largest automaker. In 2010, Hyundai sold over 3.6 million vehicles worldwide. In 2015 Hyundai announced it would spin off its Genesis car as a separate luxury brand, that will compete with other luxury brands like Buick, Lexus, Acura etc. 1968





Paedophryne

Paedophryne is a genus of microhylid frogs from Papua New Guinea. All six species known so far are amongst the smallest frog and vertebrate species.

Paedophryne amauensis is a recently discovered species of frog from Papua New Guinea. Only long, it is the world's smallest known vertebrate.

The frog species was discovered in August of 2009 by Christopher Austin when exploring Papua New Guinea. The National Science Foundation sponsored the exploration.

The frog is a millimeter smaller than the previous record holder for being the world's smallest vertebrate – a species of carp ("Paedocypris progenetica") from Indonesia. The frog mainly lives on land. According to its discoverers, the life cycle of the frog does not include a tadpole stage.

Travis Lane Stork

Travis Lane Stork, MD (born March 9, 1972, in Fort Collins, Colorado) is an American emergency physician and television personality. He is best known for being "The Bachelor", and as the host of the syndicated daytime talk show, "The Doctors".

Stork graduated "magna cum laude" from Duke University, and earned his M.D. from the University of Virginia. He completed his emergency medicine residency at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville, Tennessee. Before returning to Vanderbilt as a faculty physician, he worked as an attending physician in a private hospital system in Colorado. Dr. Stork currently splits his time between Nashville and Los Angeles, where he hosts the syndicated television show "The Doctors".

While Stork was finishing his residency program, he met the producers of "The Bachelor" by chance. They invited him to interview for the show. In 2006, Stork was the bachelor during season 8 of "The Bachelor." During the season finale of the show, Stork chose school teacher, Sarah Stone, who coincidentally lived only a few blocks away from his residence. He proposed a relationship instead of marriage. After the series ended, they broke up. In May 2011 Travis got engaged to his girlfriend of two years, Dr. Charlotte Brown, a Nashville native.

In 2007 Stork was selected to serve as the lead host on "The Doctors", a Los Angeles-based daytime medical/talk show, produced by Jay McGraw, son of Dr. Phil McGraw, which debuted in September 2008. On the show, Stork heads a panel of three other physicians from different fields (pediatrics, plastic surgery and obstetrics) as they discuss health issues and answer audience questions. The idea came about from a series of "Dr. Phil" show segments. Stork has been a frequent contributor on "Dr. Phil".

Brad Womack

Stephen Bradley Womack (born November 10, 1972 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American entrepreneur. He is the co-owner of Austin, Texas bars Dizzy Rooster and Chugging Monkey. Brad has an identical twin brother named Chad. He is best known to the American television audience as the bachelor of the eleventh season of the reality dating show "The Bachelor" in which he became the first Bachelor not to choose either of the two finalists. In 2011, Womack returned for a second turn as "The Bachelor".


Nika Futterman

Nika Futterman (born October 25, 1969) is an American voice actress. She is the voice of Adam Lyon in My Gym’s Partner’s a Monkey, Rosie in the "Open Season" series, Stamps in "Back at the Barnyard", one of the dung beetles in "The Wild", Lady Jaye in "", Chum Chum in "Fanboy and Chum Chum", Lola Caricola in "CatDog" and Luna Loud in "The Loud House". She was born in New York City. 

She did the vocals "Give it to me, baby" in The Offspring hit single "Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)."






Hida Province

In the late 1580s, Kanamori Nagachika occupied Hida Province. Kanamori's heirs held the province through the Edo Period when it came under direct rule by the Tokugawa shogunate.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Hida Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hidaichinomiya-Minashi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hida. 


Kōzuke Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Maebashi. 

In the Nara period, Kōzuke was part of Keno Province. This was changed in the reforms of the Taihō Code in 701.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kōzuke Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ichinomiyanukisaki jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kōzuke. 


Mino Province

, one of the List of Provinces of Japan, encompassed part of modern-day Gifu Prefecture on the island of Honshū. It was sometimes called . 

Mino had borders with Echizen, Hida, Ise, Mikawa, Ōmi, Owari, and Shinano Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Tarui. The main castle town was at Gifu.

In 713, the road crossing through Mino and Shinano provinces was widened to accommodate increasing numbers of travelers.

In 1600, the Battle of Sekigahara took place at the western edge of Mino, near the mountains between the Chūbu region and the Kinki region.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Mino Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Shitori jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Mino. 


Cody Cameron

Cody Cameron (born October 12, 1970) is an American voice actor, writer, animator, director, artist, and screenwriter. He is the voice of many characters; this includes Pinocchio and the Three Little Pigs in the "Shrek" series and Mr. Weenie in the "Open Season" series.

Cameron first started his career at DreamWorks Animation and wrote dialogue and storyboarding for the "Shrek" movies, "Shark Tale", and the 2005 "Madagascar" movie.

In 2004, he decided to leave DreamWorks to join a brand new job at Sony Pictures Animation, where he worked as an actor in the "Open Season" series as Mr. Weenie, directed "Open Season 3" and "The ChubbChubbs Save Xmas" (in which he also co-wrote), and worked as a story artist on "Surf's Up" and the "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" movies.

Patrick Warburton

Patrick John Warburton (born November 14, 1964) is an American actor and voice artist. He has been in many movies such as the "Emperor's New Groove" series, the "Space Chimps" movies, the "Open Season" franchise and the "Buzz on Maggie" series. He was on "Family Guy". He played Jeff Bingham in "Rules of Engagement".

Fred Stoller

Frederick "Fred" Stoller (born March 19, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist and writer. He is best known for recurring role on "Everyone Loves Raymond". He has been in many movies such as the "Open Season" franchise and "Austin Powers in Goldmember". Stoller has been very active as a guest star on many Television series. He has been on "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Hannah Montana", "Dharma & Greg", "Seinfeld", and "Scrubs" as well as many others. He wrote two episodes of "Seinfeld".


Ryūkyū Domain

In 1609, Japanese forces invaded the Ryūkyū Kingdom. After this, the Ryukyuan kings were forced to pay annual tribute to the Shimazu clan of Satsuma Province.

After the Meiji Restoration, the kingdom was replaced by the Ryūkyū Domain which existed from 1872 through 1879.

In 1879, Okinawa Prefecture was established.

"Naminoue Shrine" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the Ryukyu Islands. In 1890, the shrine was recognized in the system of State Shinto. It is among the ranked, nationally significant shrines or which includes five sanctuaries.



Tane Province

Kofun burial mounds are found on Tanegashima. Two very old Shinto shrines on Yakushima suggest that these islands were the southern border of the Yamato state.

Annals of the Nara period regard Tane-no-kuni as the name for all the Ryukyu Islands, including Tanegashima and Yakushima. 





Michelle Murdocca

Michelle Murdocca (born September 20, 1963) is an American actress, producer, voice artist, and comedienne. She is the voice of Maria in the "Open Season" series. She produced the 2012 movie series "Hotel Transylvania".

Combination lock

A combination lock is a lock that is opened with a set of secret numbers instead of a key. Mechanical combination locks usually have a dial that is rotated to three different numbers (four numbers on some safe locks) to open the lock. Electronic combination locks usually have a keypad where the combination can be entered like a telephone number.

The mechanical combination lock usually has three discs inside. The last disc is connected directly to the dial, and a notch on this disc rotates the second disc. A notch on the second disc in turn rotates the first disc. The lock is usually opened by rotating the dial clockwise to the first number, counterclockwise past the first number and to the second number, and clockwise to the third number (some locks use the reverse directions, and most safe locks require a return to 0 after entering the combination). This type of lock is popular on safes and padlocks. It is available for entry doors, but is not popular due to the amount of time required to enter the combination. The combination is usually set at the factory and can not be changed easily (if at all).
The electronic combination lock uses a keypad that looks similar to a telephone keypad. The combination is entered one number at a time, like a telephone number. When the number is entered, a motor opens the lock. This type of lock is popular on safes and doors, but is almost never seen on padlocks. These locks require batteries or another source of electricity. There is sometimes a key backup in case the batteries die or the electronics fail. Most safe locks do not have a key backup, as a key backup can be picked. Most electronic locks allow the user to set the combination.

Combination locks can not be picked (as long as there is no key backup), and the user does not have to carry a key. There is little chance of getting locked out as long as the user is good at remembering the combination.

Mechanical combination locks can be difficult to use for people who have never used one before. The most common mistakes are forgetting to pass the first number when dialing the second number, and rotating the dial backwards. In an electronic combination lock, the batteries can die, preventing the lock from opening until the batteries are replaced. With most combination locks, it is possible for a thief to obtain the combination by watching a legitimate user entering it. On an electronic combination lock, a thief can sometimes guess the combination based on the amount of wear on the buttons. An example of worn buttons can be seen in the photo on the right. More-modern keypad locks require the user to press one or two other buttons indicated by LEDs after the combination is entered. This causes the other buttons that are not part of the combination to wear down as well, preventing a thief from determining which numbers are part of the combination based on wear marks.


Jeff Cardoni

Jeffrey E. "Jeff" Cardoni (born January 1972) is an American composer. He can play many different instruments. He studied classical piano before playing drums and guitar in many bands. He was in the rock band Alien Crime Syndicate for a short time. After graduating James M. Coughlin High School, Cardoni studied engineering at Pennsylvania State University between 1988 and 1991.

He is best known for his work on television projects such as "", "The Defenders", "The League", and movie scores, such as "Just Friends", "Firehouse Dog", "Miss March", "Open Season 3" and "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay". Cardoni performed the music for "Open Season 3".

Cardoni was born in January 1970.


He has won many awards from the American Society of Composers, Artists and Publishers (ASCAP) for his musical scores on television.

Diedrich Bader

Karl Diedrich Bader (born December 24, 1966), better known as Diedrich Bader, is an American actor and voice actor.

Many know him for his roles as the self-defense instructor Rex from "Napoleon Dynamite", Oswald Harvey from "The Drew Carey Show", Charlie Davies from "Outsourced " and his voice portrayal of Batman on "". Bader is also well remembered in his voice roles as the android Zeta in the "Batman Beyond" spinoff, "The Zeta Project", Warp Darkmatter in "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command", the Fiskerton Phantom in "The Secret Saturdays", and his recurring role as Hoss Delgado in "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy".

Jennifer Saunders

Jennifer Jane Saunders (born 6 July 1958) is an English comedienne, actress and writer. She was born in Sleaford, Lincolnshire. She co-starred with Dawn French in comedy sketch show "French and Saunders". She stars in "Absolutely Fabulous" with Joanna Lumley, Julia Sawalha, Jane Horrocks and June Whitfield.

She has guest starred in the American sitcoms "Roseanne" and "Friends". She won the American People's Choice Award for voicing the wicked Fairy Godmother in DreamWorks' animated "Shrek 2".

Saunders married Adrian Edmondson on 11 May 1985 in Cheshire. They have three daughters: Eleanor "Ella" Rose (born 22 January 1986, Hammersmith, London), Beatrice "Beattie" Louise (born 19 June 1987, Kensington and Chelsea, London), and Freya Domenica (born 16 October 1990, Wandsworth, London).

Saunders currently owns a £1 million property with of land in Chagford, Devon and a home in London. Edmondson and Saunders were estimated to be worth £11 million in 2002. 

In July 2010, she said that she had breast cancer. She knew about it since October 2009. She is in remission following a lumpectomy, chemotherapy and radiotherapy.

Along with Dawn French, Saunders declined an OBE in 2001. In 2003, she was listed in "The Observer" as one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy. Saunders was 93rd out of E!'s 100 Sexiest British Stars. She also was 18th for "Best British Role Models for teenage girls in Britain" by "Good Housekeeping" magazine. 






Iwaki Province (718)

Iwaki Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō.



Iwaki Province (1868)

During the Edo period and early Meiji period, the Date clan were daimyo in the area. 


United Kingdom parliamentary expenses scandal

The United Kingdom parliamentary expenses scandal was a major political scandal in the United Kingdom. It was caused by leaked expense claims made by members of the United Kingdom Parliament over several years. "The Daily Telegraph" leaked the claims in 2009. The claims showed that MPs had misused the expenses system to gain money. This made the British public very angry. The scandal made lots of MPs leave or be sacked, and it made them apologise and pay money back. Some people were prosecuted and put in prison.

Jane Krakowski

Jane Krakowski (; born October 11, 1968) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her performance as Elaine Vassal on "Ally McBeal", for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award, and for her role as "Jenna Maroney" on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock", for which she was been nominated for three Emmy Awards. She also regularly performs on the stage and won a Tony Award for her performance in the Broadway revival of "Nine" and an Olivier Award for "Guys and Dolls" in London's West End.

Krakowski was born Jane Krajkowski in Parsippany, New Jersey. Her mother, Barbara (née Benoit), is a college theater instructor and producing artistic director for the Women's Theater Company, and her father, Ed Krajkowski, is a chemical engineer. She has an older brother. Krakowski's father's family is entirely Polish and comes from Kraków, and although she only knows a few words in Polish, her father and grandparents are fluent. Krakowski was a childhood classmate of astronaut Garrett Reisman.

Krakowski grew up immersed in the local theater scene as a result of her parents' activities, saying in one interview, "Instead of hiring baby sitters, they brought me along with them." She took ballet lessons from age four, but later stopped because she was the wrong body shape, instead moving more towards Broadway dancing. She attended the Professional Children's School in New York City.

She dropped the "j" from the family last name when she began working as an actress.

In her first major television role, Krakowski joined the soap opera "Search for Tomorrow" in 1984, playing the role of Theresa Rebecca (T.R.) Kendall, a role she played until the show ended in 1986. She was nominated for two consecutive Daytime Emmy Awards for the role in 1986 and 1987.

In 1996, she made an appearance on the television series "Early Edition" as Dr. Handleman (season 1, episode 3 "Baby").

In 1997, she played office assistant Elaine Vassal on the television series "Ally McBeal" for five seasons until 2002; her role earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress in 1999. In 2003, Krakowski guest-starred in the TV drama "Everwood" as psychologist Dr Gretchen Trott, a love interest for Treat Williams' Dr Andrew Brown. In 2003, she guest starred on "" as Emma Spevak, a serial killer of elderly women. In 2006, Krakowski was cast in the NBC sitcom "30 Rock", where she plays Jenna Maroney, a cast member of the fictional late night sketch show "TGS with Tracy Jordan". In 2009, 2010 and 2011, she received Emmy nominations for her role in "30 Rock".

Krakowski made her movie debut in "National Lampoon's Vacation"; she has also appeared in "Fatal Attraction", "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas" (where she played Betty Rubble), "Marci X", "Alfie", "Go", "", "Dance with Me", "Stepping Out", "Pretty Persuasion", "", and "Mom at Sixteen". Krakowski was originally cast in the horror movie "Sleepaway Camp", but dropped out just before filming began because she felt her character's death scene with a curling iron was so violent. She appeared in "When Zachary Beaver Came to Town" as a mother who wants to become a singer. In 2004, she starred in Alan Menken's TV movie version of "A Christmas Carol", featured as "The Ghost of Christmas Past".

A trained singer, Krakowski has made numerous appearances on stage. At age 18 she originated the role of Dinah the Dining Car in the 1987 Broadway production of "Starlight Express". She appeared in the 1989 Broadway musical "Grand Hotel" as the typist and would-be-movie-star Flaemmchen, for which she was nominated for a Tony Award. Her solo number "I Want to go to Hollywood" is included on the original cast recording. At the 2000 American Comedy Awards, Krakowski won rave reviews when she performed a sexually-charged musical tribute and love letter to Microsoft chairman, Bill Gates.

In 1995, she played the ditzy flight attendant April in The Roundabout Theatre Company's revival of "Company". In 1996, she starred alongside Sarah Jessica Parker in the Broadway revival of "Once Upon a Mattress".

In January 2002, Windham Hill Records released a Jim Brickman album titled "Love Songs & Lullabies" featuring Krakowski as a vocalist for the song "You", which became a hit on adult contemporary radio stations. Brickman and Krakowski also recorded an alternate Christmas version of the song. She also appeared on the album "Broadway Cares: Home For The Holidays", singing the song "Santa Baby".

In 2003, she starred in the Broadway revival of "Nine" playing Carla, for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress. Krakowski is known for her famous anti-gravity stunt during the number "A Call From The Vatican". Krakowski and the director struggled finding a company that would let her do air stunts without a harness; Krakowski came up with the idea of using the method previously portrayed in "Broadway Bares". Krakowski recalled that the material took a long time to arrive, and the second time she ever did it was on the first performance.

In 2005, she starred as Miss Adelaide alongside Ewan McGregor in the new production of "Guys and Dolls" in London (Piccadilly Theatre) a role for which she won the 2006 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical.

In 2005, she performed a cabaret show called "Better When It's Banned", which featured various songs deemed racy from the 1920s and '30s.

Krakowski performed in a January 2007 workshop production and backers' audition for a Broadway musical adaption of the 1980 movie, "Xanadu", with music from the movie's soundtrack and a book by Douglas Carter Beane. "Xanadu" premiered on Broadway summer 2007, although Krakowski's role is played by Kerry Butler.

In 2008, Krakowski starred as Lola in New York City Center's production of "Damn Yankees" opposite Sean Hayes and Cheyenne Jackson.

On July 30 and 31 of 2009, Krakowski played the title character in a reading of "Mrs. Sharp", with music and lyrics by Ryan Scott Oliver and book by Kirsten A. Guenther, at Playwrights Horizons.


In 2007, it was reported that Krakowski was in a relationship with English documentarian Marc Singer, whom she met at a screening for "Children of Men" in 2006. Before that, she dated Julian Ovenden.

She married Robert Godley in 2010. On April 13, 2011, their son, Bennett Robert Godley, was born.

Krakowski released her debut solo album on July 15, 2010 an album of cover versions called "Laziest Gal in Town" on DRG Records.

Selected recordings include:



Kevin Michael Richardson

Kevin Michael Richardson (born 1 1, 1945) is an American actor, producer, writer and voice artist.

! Year
! Title
! Role
! class = "unsortable" | Notes


Gordon Tootoosis

Gordon Tootoosis (born October 25, 1941 – July 5, 2011) was a Canadian actor, voice artist, and comedian. He was of Cree and Stoney descent. Tootoosis was a descendant of Yellow Mud Blanket, brother of the famous Cree leader Pitikwahanapiwiyin. In "Open Season" (2006), he voiced Sheriff Gordy. He played the same role in "Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run" (2006). In July 2011, he died in the hospital from pneumonia, aged 69.

Craig Owens

Craigery Michael "Craig" Owens (b. August 26, 1984) is an American musician from Davison, Michigan. He is best known as the former lead vocalist of Chiodos. He has had many side projects such as Cinematic Sunrise, and the supergroup Isles & Glaciers. He is currently lead vocalist for the supergroup Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows.

On July 20, 2008, Owens tried to kill himself by overdosing a drug called Xanax. Owens said he had been suffering from depression, bipolar disorder, and anxiety. Owens also said he did not suffer any permanent damage from the incident.

On December 15, 2008, a new side project was announced and was to be called Isles & Glaciers. It would include Owens, Jonny Craig (from Dance Gavin Dance and Emarosa), Vic Fuentes, Nick Martin, Matt Goddard (from Chiodos), Brian Southall, and Mike Fuentes. Owens is also often featured as a guest vocalist. Florida post-hardcore band, Broadway, had Craig Owens and Jonny Craig as guest vocalists on their debut album "Kingdoms", which was released July 7, 2009. Owens was also featured in the song "The Road to Hell Is Paved With Good Intentions" for the band In Fear and Faith.


Canada lynx

The Canada lynx is a species of lynx which lives on the taiga. It is about twice the size of a domestic cat. 

It eats mice, ground squirrels, lemming and young deer. The lynx's favorite food is the snowshoe hare, which makes up 60% to 97% of its diet. 

This wild animal is not endangered (except in the southern 48 states of the US). It is of "least concern" (IUCN). Humans hunt them for their beautiful, thick fur. 

It has tufts on its ears whose function is probably social signalling.

Douglas J. Mink

D. Jessica Mink is an American software developer and a data archivist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. She was part of the team that discovered the rings around the planet Uranus.

Mink was born in Elgin, Illinois in 1951. She graduated from Dundee Community High School in 1969. Mink earned an S.B. degree (1973) and an S.M. degree (1974) in Planetary Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Felicity Kendal

Felicity Ann Kendal CBE (born 25 September 1946) is a British actress. She was born in Olton, Warwickshire. She is best known for her role in sitcom "The Good Life". She was a contestant in the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".



Determinism

In philosophy, determinism is the thesis that there are conditions that make future events happen the way they happen. Today, the term is mostly used in natural philosophy: there are natural laws and causality that govern certain aspects of nature. Some of those laws are not probabilistic, they apply all the time. The opposite position to this idea is called indeterminism. If there are really conditions that cause future events to be uniquely determined in advance, this will cause problems supporting the idea that there is free will. Other ideas that need the thesis of determinism are called fatalism and predestination.



 

U.S. National Geodetic Survey

National Geodetic Survey, formerly called the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey (U.S.C.G.S.), is a United States federal agency that defines and manages a national coordinate system. It measures the land and then draws maps. It also measures magnetic fields and tides. Congress started it in 1807 to draw maps of the coasts. It helps transportation and communication; mapping and charting; and many science and engineering uses. Since 1970, it has been part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), of the United States Department of Commerce.


Battle of Arras (1917)

The Battle of Arras was a battle of the First World War. The battle was a British attack on the German defences near the French city of Arras on the Western Front. The battle started on 9 April 1917. The British Empire troops went quite far forward but they did not achieve a breakthrough. For the amount of ground gained, the British also lost many soldiers. The battle ended on 16 May 1917 and there was a stalemate.

Amish friendship bread

Amish friendship bread is a type of bread or cake made from a sourdough starter that is often shared in a manner similar to a chain letter. The starter is a replacement for baking yeast. It can be used to make many kinds of yeast-based breads, shared with friends, or frozen for future use. The sweet, cake-like Amish cinnamon bread is a common bread that is made from this starter. It is a simple, stirred quickbread. It includes a large amount of sugar and vegetable oil, with a mild cinnamon flavor. It has characteristics of both pound cake and coffee cake. The flavor of the finished product can be changed by not using cinnamon.

A common recipe using this starter uses one cup (240 ml) of it to make bread. A second cup is saved to start a new cycle. The remaining two cups are given to friends. The process of sharing the starter makes it somewhat like a chain letter. One cup of starter makes one standard loaf of bread.

It can also be called German friendship cake, or "Herman" the German friendship cake.

The starter mix can be made from a recipe of flour, water and yeast. One cup of the mixture is then passed to other people who get instructions on how to keep it alive, usually just saying to give it more ingredients as time passes.

Shimotsuke Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Tochigi.

Tokugawa Ieyasu's tomb and shrine is at Nikkō, in Shimotsuke.

In the Nara period, Shimotsuke was part of Keno Province. This was changed in the reforms of the Taihō Code in 701.

Parts of Shimotsuke were held by a several daimyo during the Sengoku period.




In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Shimotsuke Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Futarasan jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Shimotsuke. 


Keno Province

, also known as Kenu, was a very old province of Japan before the Nara period. Keno was in the area of Tochigi Prefecture and Gunma Prefecture.

Kōzuke Province and Shimotsuke Province were known as Keno before the reforms of the Taihō Code in the early 8th century.



Suwa Province

Suwa Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

According to "Shoku Nihongi", Suwa only lasted for ten years after it was established in 721.



Ugo Province

During the Edo period and early Meiji period, the Satake clan were daimyo in the area. 
In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Ugo Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Uzen Province

During the Edo period and early Meiji period, the Uesugi clan were daimyo in the area. 

Copper coins were minted in the province in 1861-1863 ("Bunkyu 1-3").

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Unzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Rikuchū Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Rikuchū Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Sanriku

Sanriku has an irregular coastline with 36 small bays. Each bay focuses impact power of ocean waves. This was shown by the damage caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

In 1869, the provinces of Mutsu and Dewa were divided. 

Mutsu was split into new five provinces: Rikuōku, Rikuchū, Rikuzen, Iwashiro and Iwaki. The first three of these collectively known as the "Three Riku", or "Sanriku". 

The new provinces were abolished in July 1871; however, the regional name is still in use as the Sanriku Coast from Aomori to the Oshika Peninsula in Miyagi.

Zork I

Zork: The Great Underground Empire - Part I, also known as Zork I, is an interactive fiction video game written by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels and Tim Anderson and published by Infocom in 1980. It was the first game in the popular Zork trilogy and was released for a wide range of computer systems, followed by "Zork II" and "Zork III". It was Infocom's first game, and sold more than 400,000 copies.

The player steps into the role of an "adventurer". The game begins near a white house in a small, self-contained area. Although the player is not given any instructions, the house is point of interest.

When the player enters the house through a window, it yields a number of interesting objects: an ancient brass lantern, an empty trophy case, an intricately engraved sword, etc. Beneath a rug a trap door leads down into a dark cellar. But what appears the cellar is actually one of several entrances to an underground area—the Great Underground Empire. The player soon encounters dangerous creatures, including deadly grues, an axe-wielding troll, a giant cyclops and a nimble-fingered thief. 

The goal of "Zork I" is to collect the Twenty Treasures of Zork and place them in the trophy case. Finding the treasures requires solving a variety of puzzles such as the navigation of two difficult mazes and some precise controls at Flood Control Dam #3. 

Placing all of the treasures into the trophy case scores the player 350 points and grants the rank of "Master Adventurer." An ancient map with further instructions then appears in the trophy case. These instructions provide access to a stone barrow. The entrance to the barrow is the end of "Zork I" and the beginning of "Zork II".

It is possible to score all 350 points in 223 moves (and win the game completely in 228 moves) by exploiting a bug.


Zork II

Zork II: The Wizard of Frobozz is an interactive fiction video game published by Infocom in 1981. It was written by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels and Tim Anderson. It was the second game in the popular Zork trilogy. It begins where "Zork I" left off and leads into "Zork III". It is Infocom's second game.

The player starts in the Barrow from Zork I armed only with the brass lantern and the elvish sword. The purpose of the game is not initially clear.

The Wizard of Frobozz is soon introduced. The wizard was once a good sorcerer, but when his powers began to go away he was exiled by Lord Dimwit Flathead. Now bordering on insanity, the wizard is a force to be reckoned with. Your goal, as you venture into the wizard's area, is to avoid his tricks and learn to control his magic.

Like its predecessor, "Zork II" is essentially a treasure hunt. Unlike the previous game, the ten treasures are tied together by a crude plot. Finding the treasures does not end the game, and finding all the treasures is not needed to finish the game. Instead, the adventurer must figure out a way to use the treasures in order to reach the game's finale.


Nature versus nurture

The nature versus nurture debate is about the causes of differences between people. The phrase 'nature versus nurture' was suggested by the Victorian polymath Francis Galton. He was influenced by Darwin's "On the Origin of Species". He investigated the influence of heredity and environment on social advancement.

Galton did not oppose nature to nurture as two alternatives. The phrase 'nature vs nurture' has been criticized for its over-simplification. Almost all writers have realised that both play a part in our make-up. Both nature and nurture play interacting roles in development, and many modern psychologists and anthropologists think the contrast is too simple.

Ramin Djawadi

Ramin Djawadi (born July 19, 1974) is a German-Iranian composer of orchestral music for movies and television. He was born in Duisburg, Germany to an Iranian father and German mother. Djawadi may be best known for his Grammy-nominated, guitar-driven score for "Iron Man" and for the TV series "Prison Break", "Game of Thrones" and "Person of Interest".

After graduating summa cum laude from Berklee College of Music in 1998, Djawadi got the attention of Hans Zimmer. Zimmer recruited him to Remote Control Productions. Djawadi moved to Los Angeles and worked as an assistant to Klaus Badelt. He wrote additional music on "The Time Machine", "Basic", "The Recruit" and the blockbuster "". He then worked with Zimmer on the score for "Thunderbirds", "Something's Gotta Give (movieething's Gotta Give" and "Batman Begins".

Djawadi then went out on his own with "", collaborating with The RZA for director David Goyer. This was the beginning of his relationship with Goyer for both movies and television. Djawadi wrote the score for Goyer's horror thriller "The Unborn", which was produced by Michael Bay. he also worked with Goyer on the television series "FlashForward". This earned him his second Emmy nomination. Djawadi also composed the Emmy-nominated theme music for "Prison Break" and the theme for the related show "Breakout Kings". Djawadi's score for the movie "Mr. Brooks" earned him a World Soundtrack Awards “Discovery of the Year” nomination. His other scores include "Deception", starring Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor, and Robert Towne's "Ask the Dust".

Djawadi scored the first Sony Animation project, "Open Season" as well as the sequel "Open Season 2". Other animation scores include "The Chubbchubbs Save Xmas". Djawadi's work in these movies got him noticed by the filmmakers of the Belgium-based NWave. They created one of the first animated movies in 3D, "Fly Me to the Moon". Djawadi finished Warner Brothers' "Clash of the Titans" in 2010. Djawadi also scored the soundtrack for the 2010 video game "Medal of Honor" and HBO's fantasy drama "Game of Thrones".

He is currently composing the music for the new J.J. Abrams TV series, "Person of Interest".

His usual orchestrators are Stephen Coleman and Tony Blondal

Djawadi stated composers like Danny Elfman and Hans Zimmer as influences.

Feminazi

Feminazi is a word used to criticize the feminist movement or its members. The name was created by American talk-show hosts Bob Black and Rush Limbaugh. Black wrote an essay in 1983 called "Feminism as Fascism". 



Jessica-Jane Clement

Jessica-Jane Clement (born 24 February 1985) is a British glamour model, actress and television presenter. She was born and raised in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. She is best known for her role in "The Real Hustle" on BBC Three. She was a contestant in the 2011 series of "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!".


Charlotte Church

Charlotte Church (born Charlotte Maria Reed, 21 February 1986) is a Welsh singer-songwriter, actress and television presenter. She changed her surname when she was adopted by her stepfather. She sings classical music and pop music. She hosted a Channel 4 chat show titled "The Charlotte Church Show". She has two children by rugby player Gavin Henson.

By 2007, she had sold more than ten million records worldwide including over five million in the United States. In 2010 she was reported to be worth as much as £11m (though one 2003 report quoted her worth at £25m). Church released her first album in five years, titled "Back to Scratch", on 17 October 2010. Church has a mezzo-soprano vocal range.

She has became increasingly outspoken on a number of political issues. In May 2015 she joined a demonstration organised by the People's Assembly Against Austerity in Cardiff. At the 2015 Glastonbury Festival she chaired a conversation with two members of Russian feminist punk band Pussy Riot. 

In September 2015, she supported Jeremy Corbyn's campaign in the Labour Party leadership election, In 2016, Church along with many other celebrities, toured the UK to support Corbyn's bid to become Prime Minister, and in March 2016, performed at a socialist fundraising event in Edinburgh for Corbyn. But by December 2016, she was calling for him to be replaced by a “fresh face” who was more electable. In May 2016, she declared her support for the Welsh nationalist party, Plaid Cymru in the National Assembly for Wales election.

In January 2017, she took part in a protest in Cardiff about Donald Trump's inauguration as US president.

In February 2024, she was recorded singing for Palestine in response to the attacks of Israel on Gaza after the 7 October attacks of Hamas on Israel.

Church is a supporter of Welsh independence.



Bako Sahakyan

Bako Sahakyan (, sometimes transcribed as "Bako Sahakian" or "Saakian", born August 30, 1960) is the fourth president of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. He replaced Arkadi Ghukasyan, who held the presidential post for two five-year terms.

Sahakyan was born in Stepanakert, NKAO, Azerbaijan SSR in 1960. After serving in the Soviet army, he worked for nine years in a Stepanakert factory. In 1990, he joined the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army, of which he became a deputy commander. In 1999, he was named interior minister of Nagorno-Karabakh. He also led the Nagorno-Karabakh security service from 2001 to June 2007.

Bako Sahakyan is married and has two children.


Arkadi Ghukasyan

Arkadi Ghukasyan () was the third President of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. He was elected as the President on September 8, 1997 and re-elected in 2002, until his term ended on July 19, 2007 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan.

Born in Stepanakert, in the Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR on June 22, 1957, he graduated in 1979 from Yerevan State University with a degree in linguistics. He started his working career as a correspondent for "Soviet Karabagh" newspaper, becoming its Deputy Editor-in-Chief in 1981.

In 1991 Ghukasyan was elected to the first Parliament of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. 

Ghukasyan has been a member of Nagorno-Karabagk's Security Council since 1993. On July 23, 1993 he became the first Foreign Minister of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

He survived an assassination attempt in 2000. 



Nina Dobrev

Nina Dobrev (born on January 9, 1989 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian-Canadian actress. She is best known for playing the role of Elena Gilbert and Katherine Pierce on the dramatic television series, "The Vampire Diaries".

Nina Dobrev was born on January 9, 1989 in Sofia, Bulgaria to Bulgarian parents. her father is a computer scientist, and her mother is an artist. Her family moved to Canada when she was two years old. She was raised in Toronto, Ontario. Was 20 years old when she started her first show 

Pharmaceutical chemistry

Pharmaceutical chemistry or medicinal chemistry is a discipline of chemistry and pharmacology. Medicinal chemistry is interested in finding out about the chemical properties drugs have, and about the synthesis and production of drugs. In general, medicinal chemistry is seen as a specialization of organic chemistry.

Constantin Zwenger (1814-1885) was the person who founded the field of pharmaceutical chemistry. 

Relativism

Relativism is the idea that points of view have no absolute truth or validity. They only have relative, subjective value according to viewpoint and circumstances.

Common statements that might be considered relativistic include:

There are many forms of relativism.
The term often refers to "truth relativism", which is the doctrine that there are no absolute truths, i.e., that truth is always relative to some particular frame of reference, such as a language or a culture (cultural relativism).

As "moral relativism", moral principles apply only in a limited context. In context, principles and ethics do hold; out of context they do not.

There are similar ideas in nihilism, scepticism and amoralism. 

People who agreed with the idea of relativism include Paul Feyerabend, Isaiah Berlin and Richard Rorty. 

The Roman Catholic Church, especially under John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI, has identified relativism as one of the most significant problems for faith and morals today.

The Church and some philosophers define relativism as the denial of absolute truth. They say that without absolute truth, there can be no moral values. If there are no moral values, there might not be sin, and God may not exist. In their view, relativism constitutes a denial of the capacity of the human mind and reason to arrive at truth. Truth, according to Catholic theologians and philosophers (following Aristotle and Plato) consists of "adequatio rei et intellectus", the correspondence of the mind and reality. Another way of putting it states that the mind has the same form as reality. This means when the form of the computer in front of someone (the type, color, shape, capacity, etc.) is also the form that is in their mind, then what they know is true because their mind corresponds to objective reality.

The denial of an absolute reference, of an "axis mundi," denies God, who equates to Absolute Truth, according to these Christian philosophers. They link relativism to secularism, an obstruction of religion in human life.

Pope Leo XIII (1810–1903) was the first known Pope to use the word relativism in the encyclical Humanum Genus (1884). Leo XIII condemned Freemasonry and claimed that its philosophical and political system was largely based on relativism.

Federica De Bortoli

Federica De Bortoli (born November 9, 1976 in Rome) is an Italian voice actress. She voices characters in anime, cartoons and movies.

De Bortoli provides the voice of the character Bella Swan in the Italian language version of the Twilight movie series.

She works at LaBibi.it, Dubbing Brothers, Sefit - CDC, and other dubbing studios in Italy.



Cheese analogue

Cheese analogues are substitutes of cheese that are made to imitate the taste and the look of real cheese. Such substitutes replace the dairy milk by other plant-based ingredients. The fat in the milk is replaced by other kinds of fat of animal or plant origin. Sometimes the proteins found in milk are also replaced by proteins from other sources. Cheese analogues are usually used because of health reasons, for example lactose intolerance. They are also used as a personal choice (e.g. veganism, or for religious reasons). In most cases, Cheese analogue is kosher. 

Cheese analogue cost less to make than real cheese. By carefully choosing the ingredients in the analogue, other characteristics such as the melting temperature and the taste can be changed. Flavour enhancers can be added to make the product taste similar to Parmesan, feta or Camembert cheese, for example. Food coloring is used to match the color of a cheese product. Real cheese undergoes a ripening process, cheese analogues do not have this: Usually, vegetable oil is heated, and mixed with a premade powder and water. Flavour enhancers are added. After cooling, the product is ready for packaging. 

In Europe, cheese analogue is used for gastronomy and in bakeries; In the United States, it is marketed as a replacement for real cheese. The arguments used cater to people who do not want to use real cheese for personal reasons, or that cannot use it for health reasons. 

Perla Liberatori

Perla Liberatori (born November 10, 1981 in Rome) is an Italian voice actress. She voices characters in anime, cartoons and movies.

Liberatori is well known for providing the voice of both Stella and Chatta in the fantasy animated series "Winx Club".She also voices Celia Hills in the Italian language version Inazuma Eleven anime series. 

She is married to voice actor Gianluca Crisafi. Liberatori is also well known for dubbing over many actresses.



Rikuzen Province

in 1868, Rikuaen was separated from Mutsu.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Rikuzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Danger

Danger (also risk or peril) is the possibility of something bad happening. A situation in which there is a risk of something bad happening, is called "dangerous", "risky" or "perilous".

People often take risks, or do things that might hurt them. An example of this is crossing the road without looking carefully. There is a risk that you might get hit by a car. 

Anything that involves a risk of injury or to health can be described as dangerous. Smoking is dangerous to health. Being around some animals is dangerous because they might attack humans.

There are a few different ways that danger can be "quantified" - put into numbers.

probability measures how dangerous something is. It uses a math equation to find the risk that a certain event might happen. In epidemiology, risk is defined as the number of events that "did" happen, divided by the number of events that "could have" happened. For example, if the risk of babies dying after birth in a population is reported as 1/1000, it means that out of every 1000 babies born, 1 is likely to die.

Prevalence is the number of people in a population that have a certain disease.

Risk is the number of "new" cases of disease, divided by the number of people who "could" get the disease. For example, during an outbreak of the flu, risk would be the number of people who get the flu, divided by the number of people who were exposed to the flu virus.

A risk assessment is a list of things that could go wrong. In many Western countries, when teachers take children on an outing, they may have to fill in a risk assessment form which lists the possible dangers and says what they should do to stop bad things from happening (e.g. accidents or children getting lost).


Dangerous

Dangerous describes something that has danger. It can also mean:


Cadet

A cadet is someone who is training to become an officer in the military, often a person who is a junior trainee. The term comes from the term "cadet" for younger sons of a noble family.

Cognitive dissonance

Cognitive dissonance is a concept in social psychology. It is the discomfort felt by a person who holds conflicting ideas, beliefs or values at the same time. In this state, people may feel surprise, dread, guilt, anger, or embarrassment. Reacting to this unpleasant state, people have a motivational drive to reduce dissonance. Leon Festinger's theory of cognitive dissonance was developed to predict and explain how people reacted to this situation.

Cognitive dissonance theory says that people have a bias to seek consonance between their expectations and reality. According to Festinger, people engage in a process he termed "dissonance reduction". This can be got in one of three ways: 

People in dissonance may change their feelings, thoughts or memories so they are less in conflict. However, often they do not, and instead set out to manipulate the social scene around them so that their embarrassment is less. For example, they may try to explain away the dissonance with a wider theory or they may intensify their efforts at persuasion and publicity so that others join them in their beliefs.

Festinger's book "When Prophecy Fails" is the story of how a cult leader reacted when her prophecy of doom failed.

Festinger and his associates read an interesting item in their local newspaper: "Prophecy from planet Clarion call to city: flee that flood". The prophecy came from Dorothy Martin (1900–1992), a Chicago housewife who experimented with automatic writing. She had previously been involved with L. Ron Hubbard's Dianetics movement, and her cult incorporated ideas from what was to become Scientology.

The group of believers had taken steps which showed their commitment to the belief. They had left jobs, college, and spouses, and had given away money and possessions. They prepared for their departure on a flying saucer, which was to rescue the group of true believers. She claimed to have received a message from a fictional planet named Clarion. These messages revealed that the world would end in a great flood before dawn on December 21, 1954.

After the failure of the prediction, Dorothy Martin left Chicago after being threatened with arrest and involuntary commitment. She later founded the Association of Sananda and Sanat Kumara. Under the name 'Sister Thedra', she continued to practice channeling and to participate in contactee groups until her death in 1992. The Association is active to this day.

Festinger and his colleagues infiltrated Martin's group and reported the following sequence of events:

The experiences supported the idea that the group did have a bias to seek consonance between their expectations and reality. In fact, events had proved conclusively the falsehood of their ideas, but the group rearranged their explanations to give themselves the least psychological pain.

Lime (material)

Lime is a general term for various naturally occurring minerals and materials derived from them in which carbonates, oxides and hydroxides of calcium predominate.

These materials are used in large quantities as building and engineering materials (including limestone products, concrete, and mortar), and as chemical feedstocks, among other uses. The rocks and minerals from which these materials are derived, primarily limestone and chalk, are composed primarily of calcium carbonate. "Burning" (calcination) converts them into the highly caustic material "quicklime" (calcium oxide), and, through the addition of water, into the less caustic, but still strongly alkaline "slaked lime" (calcium hydroxide).

In general writing when the term is used in an agricultural context it probably refers to Agricultural lime. Otherwise it most commonly means slaked lime, as the more dangerous form is usually described more specifically as quicklime or "burnt lime".

Permineralization

Permineralization is a process of fossilization in which mineral deposits form internal casts of organisms. 

Minerals in water fill the spaces inside organic tissue. The process gives a record of soft tissue as well as hard tissues. Fossils with permineralization are useful in studying internal structures, especially of plants.

Water from the ground, lakes, or oceans seeps into the pores of organic tissue and forms a crystal cast with deposited minerals. Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls. This process continues on the inner surface of the walls until the central cavity of the cell, the lumen, is completely filled. The cell walls themselves remain intact surrounding the crystals. Permineralization is different from petrification in that the organic material is only filled with minerals and not completely replaced. Permineralization can occur in several ways:

Silicification is the most common type of permineralization.

Carbonate mineralization occurs as coal balls. Coal balls are fossilizations of plants and their tissues, usually made when there is seawater or acidic peat. This type of fossilization gives information about plant life in the Upper Carboniferous (325 to 280 million years ago).

Organisms are pyritized when they are in marine sediments saturated with iron sulfides.

MTR Corporation

MTR Corporation Limited is a public transport operator in Hong Kong.




Battle of Plassey

The Battle of Plassey was a major battle that took place on 23 June 1757 at Palashi, Bengal. It was an important British East India Company victory over the Nawab of Bengal and his French allies. It was part of the Third Carnatic War, and of the worldwide Seven Years' War in which France and its allies fought Britain and its allies. British victory let the British East India Company take control of the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent. In the next hundred years their area of control grew over the rest of India.

The battle took place at Plassey, Bengal on the river banks of the Bhagirathi-Hooghly River, a distributary of the Ganges. The fighting took place about north of Calcutta. This was near Murshidabad which was the capital of Bengal at the time. Plassey is the anglicised version of Palashi. The battle was between Siraj ud-Daulah, the last independent Nawab of Bengal, and the British East India Company.

The Nawab of Bengal at the period was Siraj-ud-daulah. He:


The following reasons also led to immense anger to the Company causing it declare was over the Bengal Nawabs.

The battle took place after the attack and plunder of Calcutta by Siraj-ud-daulah and the Black Hole of Calcutta tragedy. 

The troubles between Siraj-ud-daulah and the British led to the Battle of Plassey. First, the British had strengthened the fortification around the Fort William without telling the Nawab. Secondly, they abused the trade privileges granted to them by the Mughal rulers, which caused heavy loss of customs duties for the government. Third, they gave shelter to some of his officers, for example Krishnadas, son of Rajballav, who fled Dhaka after misappropriating government funds. Hence, when the East India Company started further enhancement of military preparedness at Fort William in Calcutta, Siraj asked them to stop. The Company did not stop, so Siraj-ud Daulah retaliated and captured Kolkata (Shortly renamed as Alinagar) from the British in June 1756. The Nawab gathered his forces together and took Fort William.

The British sent more soldiers under Colonel Robert Clive and Admiral Charles Watson from Madras to Bengal. The British retook control of Calcutta. Clive then took control of the French fort of Chandernagar. The battle was fought during the Seven Years' War (1756–63). The French East India Company sent a small group to fight against the British. Siraj-ud-Daulah had more soldiers and chose to fight at Plassey. The British were worried about having fewer soldiers. They formed a conspiracy with Siraj-ud-Daulah's demoted army leader Mir Jafar as well as others such as Yar Lutuf Khan and Rai Durlabh. Mir Jafar, Rai Durlabh and Yar Lutuf Khan brought their soldiers near Plassey but did not actually join the battle. Siraj-ud-Daulah's army was beaten by about 3,000 soldiers of Col. Robert Clive, and Siraj-ud-daulah fled from the battlefield.

This is thought to be one of the most important battles for the control of the Indian subcontinent by the colonial powers. The British now had influence over the Nawab. They also got a lot of revenue from trade. The British used this revenue to increase their military power. They pushed the other European colonial powers such as the Dutch and the French out of South Asia. This was a sign of the expansion the British Empire in Asia.

As a reward for his treachery, Mir Jafar was made the Nawab of Bengal. Former Nawab Mutsheed Kiki Khan directed all landowners of Bangla, Bihar and odisa
a not to sell any plot of lands to British East India Company.

Txillardegi

José Luis Álvarez Enparantza (27 September 1929 – 14 January 2012) was a Basque linguist, politician and writer. When writing he used the pseudonym Txillardegi. He was born in Donostia, which is called "San Sebastian" in Spanish. Even though he did not learn the Basque language until he was 17, he came to be seen as one of the most influential figures in Basque nationalism and culture in the second half of the 20th century.

Together with some friends he started ETA in 1959, and became responsible for their social and cultural activities. He also was a founding member of Herri Batasuna, the Basque nationalist party. As a linguist, he helped shape the structure and orthography of Standard Basque.

Ken Russell

Henry Kenneth Alfred Russell (3 July 1927 – 27 November 2011) was a British director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He was born in Southampton, Hampshire. He directed "Women in Love" and "The Devils". He was a Roman Catholic.

Russell was a housemate in "Celebrity Big Brother 2007".

Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan

Arkady Ivani Ter-Tadevosyan (; ; May 22, 1939 – March 31, 2021) was an Armenian military leader of the Armenian forces during the Nagorno-Karabakh War. He is best known as the commander of the operation to capture the town of Shushi in May 1992.

He has the rank of major general in the Armenian Army. He attended a military academy in Saint Petersburg and served in the Soviet Army.

Yer-Tadevosyan died on March 31, 2021 in Yerevan at the age of 80.


Nigel Hawthorne

Sir Nigel Barnard Hawthorne CBE (5 April 1929 - 26 December 2001) was a British actor. He was best known for his role as Sir Humphrey Appleby in sitcom "Yes Minister" and its sequel "Yes, Prime Minister". He played the title role as George III in "The Madness of King George".

Hawthorne was born in Coventry, Warwickshire and raised in South Africa.

He was gay; his long-term partner, until his death, was screenwriter Trevor Bentham. 

Hawthorne had pancreatic cancer and died of a heart attack in Radwell, Hertfordshire. He was 72 years old.

Sillod

Sillod is a city in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is in the district of Aurangabad. As of the 2001 Indian census, Sillod had a population of 43,859.

Eero Saarinen

Eero Saarinen (August 20, 1910 – September 1, 1961) was a Finnish American architect and industrial designer of the 20th century. He was known for varying his style according to the demands of the project: simple, sweeping, arching structural curves or machine-like rationalism.

Eero Saarinen shared the same birthday as his father, Eliel Saarinen. Saarinen emigrated to the United States of America in 1923 at the age of thirteen. He grew up in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, where his father was a teacher at the Cranbrook Academy of Art. He took courses in sculpture and furniture design there. He had a close relationship with fellow students Charles and Ray Eames. He became good friends with Florence Knoll (née Schust).

Beginning in September 1929, he studied sculpture at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris, France. He then studied at the Yale School of Architecture until 1934. Later, he toured Europe and North Africa for a year and returned for a year to his native Finland. He returned to Cranbrook to work for his father and teach at the academy. He became a naturalized citizen of the U.S. in 1940. Saarinen was recruited by his friend, who was also an architect, to join the military service in the Office of Strategic Services (OSS). Saarinen was assigned to draw illustrations for bomb disassembly manuals and to provide designs for the Situation Room in the White House. Saarinen worked full time for the OSS until 1944. After his father's death in 1950, Saarinen founded his own architect's office, "Eero Saarinen and Associates". Eero Saarinen died of a brain tumor in 1961 at the age of 51.

He married the sculptor Lilian Swann Saarinen. They divorced in 1954. He had two children from his first marriage, Eric and Susan. Saarinen then married Aline Bernstein Louchheim (March 25, 1914 – July 13, 1972), an art critic at "The New York Times". They had a son, Eames, named after his collaborator Charles Eames.

Saarinen first received critical recognition, while still working for his father, for a chair designed together with Charles Eames for the "Organic Design in Home Furnishings" competition in 1940, for which they received first prize. The "Tulip Chair", like all other Saarinen chairs, was taken into production by the Knoll furniture company, founded by Hans Knoll, who married Saarinen family friend Florence (Schust) Knoll.

During his long association with Knoll he designed many important pieces of furniture including the "Grasshopper" lounge chair and ottoman (1946), the "Womb" chair and ottoman (1948), the "Womb" settee (1950), side and arm chairs (1948–1950), and his most famous "Tulip" or "Pedestal" group (1956), which featured side and arm chairs, dining, coffee and side tables, as well as a stool. All of these designs were highly successful except for the "Grasshopper" lounge chair, which, although in production through 1965, was not a big success.

One of Saarinen's earliest works to receive international acclaim is the Crow Island School in Winnetka, Illinois (1940).

While Saarinen was still working for his father, he took first prize in the 1948 competition for the design of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, St. Louis. His arch not completed until the 1960s. The competition award was mistakenly sent to his father.
The first major work by Saarinen, in collaboration with his father, was the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan. It follows the rationalist design Miesian style: incorporating steel and glass, but with the added accent of panels in two shades of blue. The GM technical center was constructed in 1956, with Saarinen using models. These models allowed him to share his ideas with others, and gather input from other professionals. With the success of the scheme, Saarinen was then invited by other major American corporations to design their new headquarters: these included John Deere, IBM, and CBS. Despite their rationality, however, the interiors usually contained more dramatic sweeping staircases, as well as furniture designed by Saarinen, such as the Pedestal Series. In the 1950s he began to receive more commissions from American universities for campus designs and individual buildings; these include the Noyes dormitory at Vassar. Saarinen designed an ice rink, Ingalls Rink, and Ezra Stiles College at Yale University.

He served on the jury for the Sydney Opera House commission and was crucial in the selection of the design by Jørn Utzon.

Saarinen's architectural firm was called "Eero Saarinen and Associates". He was the principal partner from 1950 until his death in 1961. The firm was initially known as "Saarinen, Swansen and Associates", headed by Eliel Saarinen and Robert Swansen from the late 1930s until Eliel's death in 1950. The firm was located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan until 1961 when the practice was moved to Hamden, Connecticut. Under Eero Saarinen, the firm carried out many of its most important works, including the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial (Gateway Arch) in St. Louis, Missouri, the Miller House in Columbus, Indiana, the TWA Flight Center at John F. Kennedy International Airport that he worked on with Charles J. Parise, and the main terminal of Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C.. Many of these projects use catenary curves in their structural designs. Saarinen designed one of the best-known thin-shell concrete structures in America, the Kresge Auditorium (MIT). Another thin-shell structure that he created is the Ingalls Rink (Yale University), which has suspension cables connected to a single concrete backbone and is nicknamed "the whale." He is known for the TWA Flight Center, which represents the culmination of his previous designs and demonstrates his expressionism and the technical marvel in concrete shells.
Eero worked with his father, mother and sister designing elements of the Cranbrook campus in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, including the Cranbrook School, Kingswood School, the Cranbrook Art Academy and the Cranbrook Science Institute. Eero's leaded glass designs are a prominent feature of these buildings throughout the campus. 
http://www.arkitekturanyc.com/cat3.htm 

Saarinen died while undergoing an operation for a brain tumor at the age of 51. His widow, Aline, died of the same disease. His partners, Kevin Roche and John Dinkeloo, completed his ten remaining projects, including the St. Louis Arch. Afterwards, the name of the firm was changed to "Kevin Roche, John Dinkeloo, and Associates", or Roche-Dinkeloo.

Eero Saarinen was elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1952. He is also a winner of the AIA Gold Medal.

Saarinen is now considered one of the masters of American 20th Century architecture. There has been more interest in Saarinen's work in recent years, including a major exhibition and several books. This is partly due to the Roche and Dinkeloo office having donated their Saarinen archives to Yale University, but also because Saarinen's work seems to fit in with present-day concerns about pluralism of styles. He was criticized in his own time—most vociferously by critic Vincent Scully—for having no identifiable style; one explanation for this is that Saarinen adapted his modernist vision to each individual client and project, which were never exactly the same.

 Remodelling of the Swedish Theatre, Helsinki (with Jarl Eklund)
Gateway Arch, St. Louis, Missouri

Thin-shell structureTensile architecture
List of notable brain tumor patients

A&E with Richard Guy Wilson, Ph.D.,(2000). America's Castles: Newspaper Moguls, Pittock Mansion, Cranbrook House & Gardens, The American Swedish Institute. "A&E Television Network".
An exhibition of Saarinen's work, "Eero Saarinen: Realizing American Utopia", has been organized by the Finnish Cultural Institute in New York in collaboration with Yale School of Architecture and the Museum of Finnish Architecture. The exhibition will tour in Europe and the USA from 2006 to 2010. The exhibition is accompanied by the book "Eero Saarinen. Shaping the Future".

In 1973, the Aline and Eero Saarinen papers were donated to the Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution, by Charles Alan, Aline Saarinen's brother and executor of her estate. In 2006, these primary source documents on the couple were digitized in their entirely and posted online on the Archives' website.

National Building Museum

Mutsu Province (1868)

, also called was an old province of Japan in the area of Iwate Prefecture and Aomori Prefecture on the island of Honshū. It was also known as or . The history of this province started in 1868 and ended in 1872.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Mutsu Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Mutsu Province

, also known as Michinoku,was an old province of Japan in the area of Fukushima, Miyagi, Iwate and Aomori Prefectures on the island of Honshū. It was also known as or .

The boundaries of Mutsu were formally established during the reigns of Empress Genshō and Empress Kōken.






In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Mutsu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tsutsukowake jinja" and "Shiogama jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Mutsu. 


Julius Erving

Julius Winfield Erving II (born February 22, 1950) is a retired American basketball player. He went to Roosevelt High school. He is best known by the nickname Dr. J. Other nicknames include The Doctor and J. W. Erving. Erving helped create the modern style of basketball. Jumping and playing above the rim of the basket became a more important part of the game.

Erving was the best known player in the American Basketball Association (ABA) when it joined with the NBA in 1976. He won three championships and four Most Valuable Player Awards. He scored the most points in the league three times. He did it while playing with the ABA's Virginia Squires and New York Nets and the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers.

He is the fifth-highest scorer in professional basketball history. He scored 30,026 points (NBA and ABA combined). He was the only player to have been voted Most Valuable Player in both the ABA and the NBA. Erving was named to the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time team. In 1993, he was added into the Basketball Hall of Fame.

Many think that Erving is one of the best basketball players ever. He was well known for slam dunking from the free throw line. He was one of the best dunkers of all time. His best known dunk was the "slam" dunk. Since then, this move has become a regular term in basketball and is felt by most the be a basic part of the game. He is also credited with making the "cross-over" dribble and the "no look" pass a part of the game.

Secrets of the Furious Five

Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Furious Five is an Annie Award-winning American animated short. It was made by DreamWorks Animation. The movie is a semi-sequel (or spin-off) to the animated movie "Kung Fu Panda". It is a part of the original movie's deluxe DVD release. It was later broadcast on NBC on February 26, 2009. The short is now available as a separate DVD as of March 24, 2009. Also, ever since it was released, the short received positive reviews and won the Annie Award for best animated short.


Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters

Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters (also shortened to Secrets of the Masters) is a 2011 computer-animated short movie from DreamWorks Animation. It was released on December 13, 2011 with the "Kung Fu Panda 2" DVD and Blu-ray.

"Secrets of the Masters" won in 2012 an Annie Award for Best Animated Special Production.

Steve Coogan

Stephen John Coogan (born 14 October 1965) is a British actor, comedian, writer and television producer. He has played roles in sitcoms and movies. His best known character is Alan Partridge.

Coogan was born in Middleton, Lancashire and raised in Alkrington. He lives in East Sussex.


Crow Island School

Crow Island School is an elementary school in Winnetka, Illinois. Several architects worked together to design the building. Eero Saarinen worked with the architectural firm of Perkins, Wheeler and Will. The building was finished in 1940. It is different from many other schools because of its design and its ideas about education. Now, kindergarten through fourth grade students go to this school.

The first jungle gym is here. It used to be at the Horace Mann School, but that school building was taken down in 1940. People who ran the school moved this special playground equipment to the Crow Island School then.

The building won the Twenty-five Year Award in 1971. The school was named a National Historic Landmark in 1990.


Rio Grande

The Río Grande, or Río Bravo (del Norte), is a river in the United States and Mexico. The name "Río Grande" means "great river" in Spanish. The source of the Río Grande is in the San Juan Mountains in Colorado. It flows through the U.S. states of Colorado and New Mexico, and Texas, and forms the border between Texas and the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas. The Río Grande empties into the Gulf of Mexico.

Biasing

Biasing in electronics is using specific voltages and/or currents at points of an electronic circuit to set an appropriate operating point. The operating point of a device, also known as bias point, is the point that shows the direct current, collector-emitter voltage, and the collector current with no input signal. The term is normally used with transistors.

Billy Bunter

William George Bunter (a.k.a. Billy Bunter, the "Fat Owl of the Remove"), is a fictional character created by Charles Hamilton using the pen name "Frank Richards". He featured originally in stories set at Greyfriars School in the boys weekly story paper "The Magnet" first published in 1908, and has since appeared in novels, on television, in stage plays, and in comic strips.



Doda (singer)

Dorota Aqualiteja Rabczewska, nicknamed Doda or Doda Elektroda, (born February 15, 1984, in Ciechanów, Poland) is a famous Polish singer with one of the largest number of awards in Poland. She was first known as a member of the Polish rock band Virgin. After the group disbanded she continued with a solo career releasing an album in 2007 called "Diamond Bitch" and another album "The Seven Temptations" which was released in 2011. She was featured on CNN, as the tenth most famous Pole in history. In 2011 Polish magazine Viva! put her among ten most influential women in Poland.


Snowstar Records

Snowstar Records is an independent Dutch record label based in Utrecht. The label was founded in 2003 by Cedric Muyres. Snowstar is specialised in Indie, singer/songwriter and folk.

Since 2003 Snowstar Records is active in the alternative pop music scene. Initially as a punk rock label operating from Limburg, but the focus shifted to indie, singer/songwriter, folk and americana. Since 2008 the label is based in Utrecht. With the release of I Am Oak, On Claws in 2010 the label obtained a high brand awareness.

Stefan Breuer (band member I Am Oak and Lost Bear) is involved in the production process (recording and mixing) by most of the releases from Snowstar Records, while Tammo kersbergen (also band member I Am Oak and Lost Bear) has provided much of the mastering.

In 2008 Snowstar Record celebrated their fiftieth anniversary with five new releases and a party in DB’s, Utrecht (the Netherlands).

Snowstar is also building on their releases abroad, by working together with foreign labels.
The album from The Secret Love Parade is released in Japan and the albums from I Am Oak in Belgium and Germany.



Akutan Zero

The Akutan Zero, also known as Koga's Zero and the Aleutian Zero, was a type 0 model 21 Mitsubishi A6M Zero Japanese fighter plane. This type of airplane was the Imperial Japanese Navy's most common fighter plane during World War 2. It crashed on Akutan Island, Alaska Territory, during June 1942. It was the first flyable Zero that the United States got during the war. The Americans fixed the plane and test pilots flew it to find out how it worked. American tacticians were able to find ways to defeat the Zero.

Tadayoshi Koga was the pilot. He was a 19-year-old flight petty officer first class. He launched from the Japanese aircraft carrier Ryūjō as part of a June 4 1942 raid on Dutch Harbor, Alaska. Small gun fire cut the oil line in the plane. Without oil, the plane crashed and killed the pilot. The plane did not break apart in the crash. The pilots of other Zero planes flying with Koga thought that he might be alive. Because of this, they did not try to destroy his plane. The Americans got the plane in July.

The Akutan Zero was very important to the American war effort. Some said it may have been "one of the greatest prizes of the Pacific war". Japanese historian Masatake Okumiya thought that losing the Akutan Zero to the Americans was similar to Japan losing the Battle of Midway. He said it made Japan lose the war sooner. On the other hand, John Lundstrom is among those who do not agree with "the contention that it took dissection of Koga's Zero to create tactics that beat the fabled airplane".

The Akutan Zero was destroyed in a training accident in 1945. Parts of the plane are kept in several museums in the United States.



Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act

The Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act (37th United States Congress, Sess. 2., ch. 126, ) was a federal law. A very disputed subject in the 1860s the act banned men having more than one wife at the same time (bigamy). It also limited the amount of property that a church and non-profit could own in any territory of the United States to $50,000. Justin Smith Morrill of Vermont sponsored it. President Abraham Lincoln signed it on July 8, 1862.

The act wanted to stop the Mormon practice of plural marriage and the property dominance of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Utah Territory. The measure had no funds allocated for enforcement. Lincoln chose not to enforce this law. Instead, Lincoln gave Brigham Young tacit permission to ignore the Morrill Act in exchange for not becoming involved with the Civil War. General Patrick Edward Connor, commanding officer of the federal forces garrisoned at Fort Douglas, Utah beginning in 1862 was explicitly instructed not to confront the Mormons over this or any other issue.

In 1878 the Supreme Court ruled in "Reynolds v. United States" that religious duty was not a suitable defense for breaking this law. Many Mormons went into hiding. The Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act was amended in 1882 by the Edmunds Act, and then again in 1887 by the Edmunds–Tucker Act. By 1904, the LDS church stopped bigamy.

Ōmi Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Ōtsu.

Lake Biwa in Ōmi is Japan's largest lake.

In the Kamakura period, Hōjō Tokimasa was made daimyo of Ōmi in 1200 ("Shōji 2").

In the Sengoku Period, the northern part of the province was the fief of Ishida Mitsunari. After the Battle of Sekigahara, Ōmi was controlled by the Ii clan who built the castle and town of Hikone.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Ōmi. 

Eight of the 69 Stations of the Nakasendō were in Ōmi. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Ōmi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Takebe taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Ōmi. 
"Enryaku-ji" is one of the most important Buddhist centers. The monastery is on Mount Hiei ("Hieizan").



Iwashiro Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iashiro Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Iwase Province

Iwase Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

The province was established in 718. The area of the province reverted to Mutsu some time between 722 and 724.



Grover

Grover is a blue Muppet character on the popular television show "Sesame Street". He calls himself lovable, cute and furry. He is a monster who rarely uses contractions when speaking or singing.

Grover was first performed by Frank Oz. He provided the character's voice regularly from his earliest appearances until 2001. Eric Jacobson began performing Grover in 1998. He has performed the character regularly since 2002, although Oz still performs him some times.

Grover's birthday is October 14.

Mr. Johnson (Sesame Street)

Mr. Johnson is a character in "Sesame Street". He is Grover's regular customer at Charlie's Restaurant and other restaurants as well. He is a fat Anything Muppet who has become increasingly frustrated over the years with the service Grover provides (however, in the earlier skits, the situation was reversed, Mr. Johnson was calm, but Grover was the one who would get exasperated). Mr. Johnson was mainly performed by Jerry Nelson, and is mostly seen as a customer at Charlie's Restaurant. Mr. Johnson is always called "Sir" politely by Grover.

Vernon Rudolph

Vernon Carver Rudolph (June 30, 1915, Marshall County, Kentucky - August 16, 1973) was the founder of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

Rudolph was the oldest of two boys who were born to Plumie and Rethie Rudolph. As he got older, he began to help in the general store that his father owned. When he graduated from high school, he went to Paducah, Kentucky with his uncle. In 1933, Rudolph's uncle bought a doughnut shop and recipe for yeast-raised donuts. He bought them from a French federal employee named Joe La-beau. This all happened during the middle of the great depression, so they moved to Nashville, Tennessee to see if they could get better business there and secure their financial future.

Haemocyanin

Haemocyanin (or hemocyanin) is a protein which transports oxygen in the bodies of some invertebrates. Their active centre has two copper atoms which reversibly bind a single oxygen molecule (O). Unlike the hemoglobin in red blood cells found in vertebrates, hemocyanins are not bound to blood cells. The molecules are carried in the haemolymph. 

Hemocyanins are found only in the Mollusca and Arthropoda. However, the molecule is used only in a few insects. This is because insects evolved another system: the direct transfer of oxygen to tissues by a system of tubes called trachea. This delivers oxygen direct to the wing muscles and other organs.

Cirrina

Cirrina is one of the two suborders of octopus. Cirrina is also known as the finned, deep sea octopus. They have two fins on the head and a small internal shell. The paddle shaped fins help the Cirrina swim through the ocean.

Spermatophore

A spermatophore is a sperm packet used by invertebrates.

Hectocotylus

A hectocotylus is a modified arm used to by male cephalopods to put sperm on females.

Linear programming

Linear programming or Linear optimisation is a field of mathematics that deals with finding optimal values or solutions that can be described with linear equations and inequalities. Very often this involves finding the minimal or maximal values, given some conditions, or constraints. Linear programming is often used for problems where no exact solution is known, for example for planning traffic flows. Linear programming is one of the main methods used in Operations research. Linear optimization is a special case of Convex optimization. It forms the basis for several methods of solving problems of Integer programming. In many cases, the solutions of linear programs can be mapped to Polyhedra, which allows solving and modelling certain problems geometrically. 

In the case of linear programming, the word "programming" should be seen as "planning"; George Dantzig coined the term in the 1940s, long before computers were used to solve such problems. Looking at the information theory complexity, linear programming problems are simple, and can be solved efficiently using algorithms such as the interior point method. In many cases, the Simplex algorithm developed by Dantzig has proven to be very fast, even though its complexity is exponential, in the worst case. 

Leonid Kantorovich developed the first methods of linear programming in 1939.

Xtranormal

Xtranormal is a website that hosts text-to-speech based computer animated videoclips, featuring animated three-dimensional characters speaking in monotone computer voices. Users who log into the site may create videos by scripting the dialog and choosing from a menu of camera angles and predesigned characters and scenes. Xtranormal videos may also be created through an interface on the Youtube web site, and Xtranormal's animation software, called State, may be downloaded free and run offline.

Xtranormal launched in June 2010, after four years of earlier software development. Although it was originally intended as a way for filmmakers to quickly produce storyboards, its emphasis shifted towards satires of workplace misbehavior after one of its videos, about a cellphone salesman, went viral.

In 2010, the short movie "Sleeping with Charlie Kaufman" by director J. Roland Kelly, animated entirely with Xtranormal, premiered at the Little Rock Film Festival and was shown at The Rome International Film Festival in Rome, Georgia. Xtranormal videos form a recurring feature on the late night Fox talk show Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld, and have been featured as part of a GEICO advertising campaign.On July 31, 2013, Xtranormal was shut down officially. 

Holly G. Frankel

Holly G. Frankel (born July 13, 1979), also known as Holly Gauthier-Frankel, is an American voice actress, singer, and Burlesque dancer.

She is the daughter of Ron Frankel and Mary Lou Gauthier. Frankel is best known being the voice of Fern in "Arthur", "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat", Teri in later episodes of "What's with Andy?", Loulou in "Wimzie's House", and Flora in the Cinélume's English dub of Winx Club. She is also known for her alter-ego as burlesque performer Miss Sugarpuss.


Shimōsa Province

The province had borders with Kazusa Province to the south, Musashi and Kōzuke Provinces to the west, and Hitachi and Shimotsuke Provinces to the north. 

Shimōsa was part of a larger territory known as . Fusa which was divided into Kazusa and Shimōsa during the reign of Emperor Kōtoku (645-654). 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Shimōsa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Katori jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Shimōsa. 


Ricky Gervais

Ricky Dene Gervais (born 25 June 1961) is an English actor, comedian, director and writer.

Gervais was born and raised in Reading, Berkshire, England. He was half of 1970s New Wave duo Seona Dancing. He is known for television series including "The 11 O'Clock Show", "The Office", "Meet Ricky Gervais", "Extras", "An Idiot Abroad", "Life's Too Short" and "Derek". He wrote a children's book, "Flanimals". He has performed stand-up shows "Animals", "Politics", "Fame" and "Science". He has starred in movies: "Ghost Town", "The Invention of Lying" and "Cemetery Junction". He has won seven BAFTA awards and two Emmy awards.

Gervais hosted the Golden Globe Awards in 2010, 2011 and 2012.

He is an atheist. He lives between Hampstead, England, and New York City with his partner, producer and author Jane Fallon. Gervais has said that they aren't going to get married because "there's no point in us having an actual ceremony before the eyes of God because there is no God". They have also chosen not to have children.


Pino Presti

Pino Presti (pseudonym of Giuseppe Prestipino Giarritta, is an Italian bass player, arranger, composer, conductor, record producer, born 23 August 1943, in Milan. He is a 5th-dan black belt in Shotokan Karate.

Presti, son of an accomplished violinist, Arturo Prestipino Giarritta, has been studying music since the age of 6. He was seventeen years old when he first entered the music business. Presti started as a bass guitar player, than gradually began as an arranger, a composer, an orchestra conductor and a producer. Among his collaborations in different genres of music like jazz, pop, funk, soul, we can find great names such as Mina (the most famous Italian pop singer), Gerry Mulligan, Ástor Piazzolla (the bassline in the famous composition "Libertango" belongs to him), Quincy Jones, Wilson Pickett, Shirley Bassey, Maynard Ferguson, Franco Cerri, Stéphane Grappelli, Aldemaro Romero and many others. He is considered one of the most important Italian arrangers/conductors.








Presti has trained in Shotokan karate and Goshindo under master Hiroshi Shirai from 1967 to 1985. He has also trainded on several occasions under other famous Japanese masters such as Taiji Kase, Hidetaka Nishiyama, Keinosuke Enoeda, Takeshi Naito, Hideo Ochi. Presti holds a fifth degree black belt obtained n Rome, in 1987.


Gerry Mulligan

Gerald Joseph "Gerry" Mulligan (April 6, 1927 – January 20, 1996) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, composer and arranger. He was born in New York City.

Though Mulligan is primarily known as one of the leading baritone saxophonists in jazz history – playing the instrument with a light and airy tone in the era of cool jazz – he was also a notable arranger, working with Claude Thornhill, Miles Davis, Stan Kenton, and others. Mulligan's pianoless quartet of the early 1950s with trumpeter Chet Baker is still regarded as one of the more important cool jazz groups. Mulligan was also a skilled pianist and played several other reed instruments. Mulligan reportedly had a relationship with actress Judy Holliday until she died in 1965, and with actress Sandy Dennis from 1965 until they broke up in 1976.

Mulligan died of problems caused by knee surgery while suffering from liver cancer on January 20, 1996 at a hospital in Darien, Connecticut at the age of 68.


Cedar

Cedar (scientific name "Cedrus") is a genus of cone-bearing trees in the plant family "Pinaceae". They are native to the mountains of the western Himalaya and the Mediterranean region. They are found at heights of in the Himalaya and in the Mediterranean.

Cedars are trees up to (occasionally ) tall. They have spicy-scented wood, thick ridged or square-cracked bark, and broad, level branches. The shoots are of two kinds, long shoots, which form the framework of the branches, and short shoots, which carry most of the leaves. The leaves are evergreen and needle-like, 8–60 mm long, arranged in an open spiral on long shoots, and in dense spiral clusters of 15–45 together on short shoots; they vary from bright grass-green to dark green to strongly glaucous pale blue-green, depending on the thickness of the white wax layer which protects the leaves from drying out. The female seed cones are barrel-shaped, 6–12 cm long and 3–8 cm broad, green at first, then maturing grey-brown, and, as in Abies, disintegrate when mature to release the winged seeds. The seeds are 10–15 mm long, with a 20–30 mm wing; as in Abies, the seeds have 2–3 blisters, containing an unpleasant-tasting resin, thought to be a defence against squirrels eating them. Cones take one year to mature, with pollination in autumn and the seeds maturing the same time a year later. The male pollen cones are slender, egg-shaped, 3–8 cm long, produced in late summer and shedding pollen in autumn.

Cedar cones have a similar structure to fir cones. For many years in the past, experts thought they were closely related. Modern scientific investigation has shown that they belong to the same family but are not closely related.

There are several types of cedars and experts cannot agree how they are related. Some scientists put them all in one group while others separate them into different groups.

These are the names of the different kinds of cedars:

Mina (singer)

Anna Maria Quaini, (née Mazzini; born 25 March 1940), known as Mina, is an Italian pop singer. She was a staple of Italian television variety shows. She was also a popular person in Italian pop music from the mid-1960s to mid-1970s. She was known for her three-octave vocal range, her soprano voice, and her image as an emancipated woman.


Maynard Ferguson

Maynard Ferguson (May 4, 1928 – August 23, 2006) was a Canadian jazz musician and bandleader. He was born in Verdun, Quebec. He came to prominence playing in Stan Kenton's orchestra, before forming his own band in 1957. He was noted for being able to play accurately in a remarkably high register, and for his bands, which served as stepping stones for up-and-coming talent. He died in Ventura, California.


Ibirapuera Park

Ibirapuera Park is a major urban park in São Paulo, Brazil. It has a large area for leisure, jogging and walking, as well as a convention center.


Marion Strecker

Marion Strecker (b. São Paulo, October 17, 1960) is a Brazilian journalist, photographer and businessperson. She is known as one of the pioneers of the Internet industry in South America. Since 2011 she has been living in San Francisco, California, and working as an Editor-at-Large for UOL. UOL is the major content portal in Brazil. Since 2010, she has also been a columnist for Folha de S.Paulo, the largest newspaper in Brazil. She writes in the Market section about technology, innovation and behavior.

Strecker is one of the founders of UOL. She was the Content VP of the company from 1996 until 2011. UOL soon became a very large website. It reached about 70% of the online audience in Brazil with news, entertainment and services.

Before joining the team that founded UOL, Marion Strecker worked at Folha de S.Paulo from 1984 to 1996. She was a writer, an art critic, editor of the cultural section, planning coordinator, reporter, director of the archives and director of the Folha News Agency. Strecker was one of the authors of the “Folha Newsroom Manual”.

After coordinating the Digitization of the Newspaper Archives Project in the early 90s, Strecker led a team that created many high tech products. These included like audiotext services (1993), the newspaper’s full text yearly CD-ROMs (1994-96) and a system similar to a BBS. This system gave all the Folha de S.Paulo journalists and foreign correspondents access to the archives online, using telephone lines and microcomputers. Because of this work, Strecker was given the Folha Award on Journalism, Special Category, in 1995.

She also led the team which created the first website for Folha’s Media Group in Brazil. It was first used on 9 July 1995. Later that year, Strecker created the first content team for the launch of UOL in April 1996. UOL soon became the leader in the Brazilian internet market.

Since the 80s, she has written for several magazines and also spoken at many seminars and conferences in Brazil, United States and Europe. In the 90s she had a short career as a Professor of New Technologies for Communication at Casper Libero College of Journalism in São Paulo.

Early in her career as a journalist, Strecker was a writer and a co-editor with Lisette Lagnado of “Arte em São Paulo”. This is a magazine founded by the Brazilian painter Luiz Paulo Baravelli, about the visual arts.

Strecker holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Social Communication from PUC (Pontific Catholic University of São Paulo). Before working in journalism and online media, Strecker was a music teacher and a performer.

Strecker is married to the Brazilian journalist Mario Cesar Carvalho. They have two children, Theo and Helena.


Oscar Pettiford

Oscar Pettiford (September 30, 1922 – September 8, 1960) was an American jazz bassist, cellist and composer. He was known for his pioneering work in bebop.


Rick Jones (voice actor)

Richard "Rick" Jones (born June 23, 1957) is an Canadian director, writer, content developer, voice actor, actor, and comedian. He was the voice of Fu-Fu in "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat".

Since 1982, he's worked with Fox, Disney, Universal, Hanna-Barbera, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, Kids' WB, Alphanim, Cinar and Nelvana. Jones has been nominated for a Gemini Award twice in 1985 and 2003.

He also was known for being the voice of Slax in "X-DuckX", and Razmo in "Ratz". He also played Keisha's dad in 1990 Ivan Reitman film "Kindergarten Cop".

He was born Richard Jones.

No Motherland Without You

No Motherland Without You is a North Korean song. It is the signature song of Kim Jong-il. The song tells of the talent and virtues of Jong-il, and the attachment of the Korean people for him. The song's chorus is "We cannot exist without you, Comrade Kim Jong-il! The motherland cannot exist without you!" It is also thought to be the anthem of Songun politics because Jong-il started the Songun (military-first) policy of North Korean politics in 1995. It is often broadcast on the radio and from loudspeakers on the streets of Pyongyang.

The civil lyrics use the phrase "김정일동지" ("Comrade Kim Jong-il") to refer to the son of Kim Il-sung. The military version of the song refers to the North Korean leader as "김정일장군" (transl. "Gim Jeong-il jang-gun"; eng. "General Kim Jong-il") because he was the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army since 1991. The lyrics used by the Korean Workers' Party are as follows:




Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness

Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness 
(also known as 
Kung Fu Panda: The Series
sometimes shortened to Legends of Awesomeness)
is an American computer-animated television series based on the "Kung Fu Panda" movies. The series was originally set to air on Nickelodeon in 2010, but it was pushed back to 2011 instead. A total of 52 episodes have been produced or ordered. Two special previews were aired on September 19 and October 21, and it premiered on November 7, 2011.

While Lucy Liu and James Hong come back for the show, others didn't and were replaced by new members (for example, Mick Wingert is the new voice of Master Po, taking over from Po's original voice actor Jack Black).



List of World Heritage Sites in the United Kingdom

The List of World Heritage Sites in the United Kingdom is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

There are 30 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the United Kingdom and overseas territories. The UNESCO list has eighteen properties in England (the Frontiers of the Roman Empire is shared with Germany), five in Scotland, three in Wales, one in Northern Ireland, and one in each of the overseas territories of Bermuda, the Pitcairn Islands, and Saint Helena.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries, including the United Kingdom.

The UK contributes £130,000 annually to the World Heritage Fund which finances the preservation of sites in developing countries. Some locations have many sites that have a common geographical location or cultural history.

The World Heritage list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

The United Kingdom National Commission for UNESCO advises the British government on policies dealing with UNESCO. The British government is responsible for maintaining its World Heritage Sites.

The first sites in the UK to be added to the World Heritage List, in 1986, were:

The latest site to be added was Pontcysyllte Aqueduct and Canal in 2009.

There are 10 criteria for a site to be able to be added to the list. World Heritage Site selection criteria i–iv are culturally based. selection criteria vii–x are natural criteria. Twenty-three properties are listed as "cultural". Four are listed as "natural". One is listed as "mixed", which means that the site is notable for both natural and cultural criteria. This is similar to the proportions of all World Heritage Sites. Of the 890 sites on the World Heritage List, 77.4% are cultural, 19.8% are natural, and 2.8% are mixed. St Kilda is the only mixed World Heritage Site in the UK. At first, it was added to the list because of its natural habitats. 

In 2005, the crofting community that once was part of the archipelago was added to the site. The natural sites are the Dorset and East Devon Coast, Giant's Causeway and Causeway Coast, Gough and Inaccessible Islands and Henderson Island. The rest are cultural.

As of 2020, there are 30 places in the United Kingdom which are on the World Heritage List.

There are 13 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List is an inventory of important heritage and natural sites that a country is considering for inscription on the World Heritage List, thereby becoming World Heritage Sites. The Tentative List can be updated at any time, but inclusion on the list is a prerequisite to being considered for inscription within a five- to ten-year period.

The UK's Tentative List was last updated on 25 July 2014, and consisted of 11 sites. The properties on the Tentative List are as follows:

Many other favorite sites were left out this time, including




Amy Tan

Amy Tan (born February 19, 1952) is an American writer. Her works deal with mother-daughter relationships. Her most well-known work is "The Joy Luck Club". It has been translated into 35 languages. In 1993, a movie was made based on the book.

Tan has written several other novels. These include "The Kitchen God's Wife", "The Hundred Secret Senses", "The Bonesetter's Daughter" and "Saving Fish from Drowning". She also wrote a collection of non-fiction essays entitled "The Opposite of Fate: A Book of Musings." Her novel "Saving Fish from Drowning" explores the problems dealt with by a group of people who disappear while on an art expedition in the jungles of Burma. Tan has also written two children's books: "The Moon Lady" (1992) and "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat" (1994). "Sagwa" was turned into an animated series which aired on PBS. She also appeared on PBS in a short spot encouraging children to write.

She is a child of Chinese immigrants: John and Daisy Tan.



Barriga de Aluguel

Barriga de Aluguel is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 1990. The series starred Cláudia Abreu, Cássia Kiss and Victor Fasano.

Stop Online Piracy Act

The Stop Online Piracy Act or SOPA was a proposed American law to stop copyright infringement on the Internet.

The Internet community had major discussion over it in 2011 and 2012, but the bill was not passed. Some experts said the proposed changes to the internet would have worldwide effects.

Many critics said it would have bad unintended consequences.

Some people and businesses supported the new law. Others were alarmed. Supporters worried that current copyright laws are not effective in shutting down piracy websites. The opponents worried that it is a kind of censorship. It is hard to tell which side is correct because the language in the law is still being written.

The English Wikipedia masked most of its pages with a banner on January 18, 2012. They used JavaScript to do this, which means that people could avoid the banner by just disabling JavaScript in their browser. The Wikipedia blackout is intended to spotlight the value of open access to information on the Internet.

Other websites joined protests against SOPA. For example, Google put up a black censor board in front of its logo.

Many critics questioned the value and likely effects of the protests. Some people questioned the timing of the protests.



Fallout: New Vegas

Fallout: New Vegas is a role-playing video game. It was made by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Bethesda Softworks. It was made after "Fallout 3" and is very similar to it, but it is a sequel to "Fallout 2" (because "Fallout 3" started a new story). This is because some of the employees at Obsidian Entertainment used to work at Interplay Productions and Black Isle Studios, the companies that made "Fallout 1" and "Fallout 2". It takes place in Nevada 204 years after nuclear bombs destroyed all the governments in the world.
The game was released on October 19, 2010, in North America, on October 22, 2010 in Europe, on November 4, 2010, in Asia, and on October 21, 2010 Australia. It can be played on a computer, Xbox 360, or PlayStation 3.

Buffalo gourd

Buffalo gourd ("Cucurbita foetidissima"), also known as the buffalo gourd, calabazilla, chilicote, coyote gourd, fetid gourd, fetid wild pumpkin, Missouri gourd, prairie gourd, stinking gourd, wild gourd, and wild pumpkin is a small plant in the "Cucurbitaceae" family, related to squash.

Loyalist (American Revolution)

Loyalists were people in the Thirteen Colonies who opposed the American Revolutionary War. They were also called Tories. They fought with the British against the Continental Army and Continental Congress that they felt was oppressing them. In many areas, Loyalists were treated very roughly by revolutionaries (who often called themselves "Patriots"). Tory lands and other properties were taken away, and sometimes they were put into jail or even killed. Some formed militias, fighting along with the British Army against the rebels.

After the war, many Loyalists sought asylum in Canada to escape the new United States and to stay loyal to King George and the British Empire.

Loyalists came from all walks of life. The majority were small farmers, artisans and shopkeepers. Not surprisingly, most British officials remained loyal to the Crown. Wealthy merchants tended to remain loyal, as did Anglican ministers, especially in Puritan New England. Loyalists also included some blacks (to whom the British promised freedom), Indians, indentured servants and some German immigrants, who supported the Crown mainly because George III was of German origin.

The number of Loyalists in each colony varied. Recent estimates suggest that half the population of New York was Loyalist; it had an aristocratic culture and was occupied throughout the Revolution by the British. In the Carolinas, back-country farmers were Loyalist, whereas the Tidewater planters tended to support the Revolution.

During the Revolution, most Loyalists suffered little from their views. However, a minority, about 19,000 Loyalists, armed and supplied by the British, fought in the conflict.

The Paris Peace Treaty required Congress to restore property confiscated from Loyalists. The heirs of William Penn in Pennsylvania, for example, and those of George Calvert in Maryland received generous settlements. In the Carolinas, where enmity between rebels and Loyalists was especially strong, few of the latter regained their property. In New York and the Carolinas, the confiscations from Loyalists resulted in something of a social revolution as large estates were parceled out to yeoman farmers.

About 100,000 Loyalists left the country, including William Franklin, the son of Benjamin, and John Singleton Copley, the greatest American painter of the period. Most settled in Canada. Brantford, Ontario for example was started by Iroquois refugees. Some eventually returned, although several state governments excluded the Loyalists from holding public office. Most of the Black Loyalists left, as they faced re-enslavement if they remained in the USA. In the decades after the Revolution, Americans preferred to forget about the Loyalists. Apart from Copley, the Loyalists became nonpersons in American history.


LaMarcus Aldridge

LaMarcus Aldridge (born July 19, 1985) is an American basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the NBA. He plays both the forward and center positions. He played college basketball at the University of Texas at Austin. He is known or his smooth turn-around jump shot, which is hard to block since he is so tall and long. He has been chosen as an all-star for the past three years. In 2014, he helped the Portland Trail Blazers win a playoff series for the first time in many years.

Collatz conjecture

The Collatz conjecture is a conjecture (an idea which many people think is likely) in mathematics. It is named after Lothar Collatz. He first proposed it in 1937. It is about what happens when something is done repeatedly (over and over) starting at some positive integer "n":
The conjecture states that if "n" is positive, "n" will always reach one.
The problem is verified for all numbers below formula_2 by computer. 
Here is an example sequence:

Many mathematicians argue over if it is really true. Numbers in the quadrillions have been tested but it has still remained true. However, this is still very less compared to another conjecture that had been proved false in 1978. There are two outcomes where it is false: a number keeps growing towards infinity, or an extremely large number forms its own loop.

Folketing

The Folketing () is the national parliament of Denmark. The name means "People's thing" (a "thing" in this case is a governing assembly). It is the highest legislative body in the Kingdom of Denmark and decides most of the laws for Denmark, Greenland and the Faroe Islands. The Folketing meets in Christiansborg Palace, in the Danish capital, Copenhagen. 179 members sit in the Folketing (175 from Denmark, 2 from Greenland and 2 from the Faroe Islands) and are democratically elected.

Greenland and the Faroe Islands also have their own, less powerful, parliaments and are allowed to make some laws on their own.

The Folketing is where many political parties in Denmark meet to discuss important issues affecting Danish people, and to pass laws they agree on. The Folketing is also where the Government of Denmark is formed, when several parties who are in agreement decide to join together and form a coalition government (the parties forming a government must have over half of the total members of the Folketing; a majority). The voting system used in Denmark is proportional, meaning the distribution of seats reflects the distribution of votes. This means that many parties and different political views are represented, including some extreme views.

The leader of the Folketing is the "Speaker" who sits at the front. The members sit in front of the speaker in the shape of a semicircle.

From 1849 to 1953, the Folketing was one of the two houses in a parliament. It was known as the "Rigsdag". The other house was known as the "Landsting". The members of the Folketing included farmers, traders and merchants. The Landsting was made up of the rich members of society. It included the nobility. These members were chosen by the King to become members. In 1953 the Landsting was gotten rid of. This left the Folketing as the only house of parliament. The Rigsdag became the Folketing.

The most recent general election took place on 15 September 2011.
The centre-right coalition that was in power before the election, led by the "Liberal Party", lost to a centre-left coalition led by the "Social Democrats". The Social Liberal Party and the Socialist People's Party became part of the three-party government, which holds 89 seats in the Folketing. 

Neutrophil

Neutrophils are the most common type of white blood cell, often called neutrophil granulocytes. They destroy bacteria (and other parasites like fungi) during an infection. They get to the site of an injury within minutes. They have tiny granules full of enzymes and peptides which chop up the bacteria after they have taken them in.

The process of taking in bacteria is called phagocytosis. The bacteria end up in a vacuole inside the neutrophil. The enzymes then get to work on destroying the bacteria. Neutrophils are an important part of the body's immune system. They are a kind of granulocyte, and have a short life-span of a couple of days.

Adrenoleukodystrophy

Adrenoleukodystrophy is a disease that is linked on the X chromosome. It is a result of fatty acid digestive enzymes not breaking up the fats. These fats build up in the brain. They damage the myelin that surrounds nerves. This can cause seizures and hyperactivity. It can also cause problems with speaking, listening and understanding verbal instructions.

About 1 in 17,000 people are born with a genetic disease called adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD). This severe brain disorder mainly affects boys and men. There’s no cure yet for it, but a diagnosis early in life may keep it from getting worse.

Symptoms of ALD often begin between the ages of 4 and 10 but can also present much later in life. ALD symptoms include:

Marussia Motors

Marussia Motors ( [ma´rusja]) is a Russian sports car manufacturer which started making cars in 2007. They were the first sports cars to be made in Russia. It has designed, developed and built the B1 and the B2 sport cars. The Marussia B1 was launched on the 16 December, 2008 in the new Manege hall in Moscow. The company's first showroom opened in Moscow on 10 September, 2010.

Marussia is led by former racing driver Nikolay Fomenko. In 2010, it bought the Virgin Racing Formula One team. This will be renamed the Marussia F1 Team for the 2012 Formula One racing season.

European windstorm

A European windstorm is an extratropical cyclone that affects Europe. They are normally caused by areas of low atmospheric pressure that move across the North Atlantic towards northwestern Europe. They are most common in the winter months. Low pressure areas are common over the North Atlantic. They sometimes start as nor'easters off the New England coast. They usually move past the north coasts of the British Isles to the Norwegian Sea. When they move south, they can affect almost any country in Europe. These most often affect Britain, Ireland, Norway, the Faroe Islands and Iceland. They can affect any country in central, northern and western Europe.

These storms cause economic damage of €1.9 billion each year. They cause insurance costs of €1.4 billion yearly (1990–1998). Only US hurricanes cause more insurance costs of all natural disasters.

Euston Arch

The Euston Arch was an archway built at the front of Euston railway station in London. It was built in 1837 by the London and Birmingham Railway. The people in charge of the new and modern railway wanted passengers to have a good feeling about the station. They built the large arch as a gate in front of the station to attract attention. 

Four columns supported the arch. The outside two columns were plain and square. The inside two were circular and decorated in the Doric style. This Doric style gave the arch its common name of "The Doric Arch".

Originally, the words "London and Birmingham Railway" marked the top of the gate. In 1870, the letters EUSTON in gold were carved into the beam across the tops of the four columns. This railway company had joined other companies to form the London and North Western Railway. This new company did not want passengers to use the old name. It changed the name of the arch from the company name to the station name.

In 1960s, Britain was modernising the railways. Diesel locomotives were replacing of steam locomotives. Overhead electric wires were added to the important line from Euston Station in London to the North West of England. The old Euston station was also to replaced. The railway added more platforms and more space at the front of the station for cars. By 1961 the Arch had been removed.

The Northern station of the railway was at Curzon Street in Birmingham. That station was decorated with large pillars too and it still stands today. The columns at Curzon Street are Ionic instead of Doric. This means that the columns are plain, not fluted.

Social Security Income

SSI or social security income is a type of government check that is given to those in the United States with some type of disability. Those who are above age 65 are automatically qualified to receive SSI benefits. However, children who have a disability can also qualify for SSI benefits. In all cases with children, they can receive SSI until the age of 18 (when they finish school). Some children continue to receive SSI if their disability worsens, or if they continue to develop more disabilities. When a child reaches the age of 18, they are evaluated by a professional physiatrist. The physiatrist asks several questions ranging from their moods to how they are doing in their life. The evaluation also consists of several mental work problems that are based on decision-making. At the end of the evaluation, the physiatrist will determine if the child is still disabled or has more disabilities. 

There has been mixed to negative commentaries by the general public who believe that SSI is a mere waste and should not exist. While others argue that if SSI is taken away, the elderly and children with disabilities would struggle with medical expenses and other lifetime economic issues. SSI is founded by the government. The money given to those with SSI are taken from taxes from those who work in the United States. SSI benefits include: insurance, automatic qualification for low income housing, free transportation to and from appointments and a monthly check that arrives on the first of every month.


PROTECT IP Act

The Protect Intellectual Property Act (Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act), also called PIPA, was a proposed American law to stop copyright infringement on the Internet. The law would give copyright holders new ways to deal with websites infringing copyright.

Critics said the proposed law would have hidden risks and unintended consequences.

Some people and businesses support the law while others are alarmed by the law. Supporters worry that the current copyright law is not effective in shutting down piracy websites. Opponents worry that the law is a kind of censorship. It is hard to tell which side is correct because the language in the law is still being written.



Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome

Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, often simply called The Metrodome, was a domed sports stadium in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. The field was renamed Mall of America Field at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in October 2009. Opened in 1982, it replaced Metropolitan Stadium, which was on the current site of the Mall of America in Bloomington (which, beginning a three year deal on October 5, 2009, now holds naming rights for the Metrodome's field), and Memorial Stadium on the University of Minnesota campus. The Metrodome was home to the National Football League's Minnesota Vikings, and in its last years was also sometimes used by the Big Ten's Minnesota Golden Gophers baseball team. The stadium was also the home of the Minnesota Twins from 1982 to 2009 and the Golden Gophers football team from 1982 to 2008. The Twins now play at the nearby Target Field, while Golden Gophers football returned to campus at TCF Bank Stadium.

The Vikings played their last game at the stadium on December 29, 2013. Demolition of the stadium began on January 18, 2014. A new stadium for the Vikings, U.S. Bank Stadium, was built on the site, and opened in 2016. During construction of the new stadium, the Vikings played at TCF Bank Stadium, located on the University of Minnesota campus.


Marcus Trescothick

Marcus Edward Trescothick (born 25 December 1975) is an English cricketer. He was born in Keynsham, Somerset. He is a batsman. He played 76 test matches and 123 one day internationals for the England cricket team. He has stopped playing cricket for the England cricket team now. He still plays cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club.

Chicago Whales

The Chicago Whales were a professional baseball team that played in Chicago, Illinois, during 1914 and 1915. They were members of the Federal League, a short-lived attempt at a third major league. The Whales were owned by a group led by Chicago restaurant owner Charles Weeghman. They played their home games at Weeghman Park, which is now Wrigley Field.

Federal League

The Federal League was a third major league baseball league. It was in competition with the National League and American League. The league played for two seasons, 1914 and 1915, and then went out of business.

Metropolitan Stadium

Metropolitan Stadium was a sports stadium in Bloomington, Minnesota. It opened in 1956 as the home of the local minor league baseball team, the Minneapolis Millers. It was made larger in 1961 so that it could be used for major league teams. In 1961, the Minnesota Twins moved from Washington, DC and the Minnesota Vikings began play at the stadium. It was replaced by the Metrodome in 1982, and was torn down in the mid-1980s.

The site of the stadium is now used by the Mall of America. When people talk about the ballpark nowadays, they often call it the "Old Met". The first floor of the Mall has a brass marker in the shape of a home plate, on the spot where the Old Met's home base once was.

List of the busiest airports in the United States

These are lists of the busiest airports in the United States.

Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the busiest single airport in the United States. However, all of the New York City metropolitan area's airports combine to create the largest airport system in the United States. They are also second in the world in terms of passenger traffic, and first in the world in terms of total flight operations.

Listed according to data compiled by Airports Council International North America, and ranked according to total passengers during 2010.

Listed according to data compiled by the Office of Aviation Analysis, part of the United States Department of Transportation, and ranked according to total international passengers during 2010.

Listed according to data compiled by Airports Council International North America, and ranked according to total cargo throughput in metric tonnes during 2010.

Edward William Binney

Edward William Binney FRS (1812–1882) was an English geologist. 

Edward William Binney was born in Morton, Nottinghamshire in 1812. He was apprenticed to a solicitor in Chesterfield. In 1836, he went to Manchester. He soon retired from legal practice to study geology.

In 1838, he helped found the Manchester Geological Society. He was elected president in 1857 and again in 1865. He also was the secretary and later the president of the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society. He studied the Carboniferous and Permian rocks in northern England and the Drift deposits of Lancashire. He and Joseph Dalton Hooker found the first coal balls. They also studied the geology of the country around Manchester. He became an expert on the Coal Measures, and his "Observations on the Structure of Fossil Plants found in the Carboniferous Strata" (1868–1875) was one of the studies of the Palaeontographical Society. His large collection of fossils was placed in Owens College.

Binney was close friends with James Prescott Joule, William Sturgeon, John Davies and John Leigh.

He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1856 and died in Manchester.


Paleobotany

Paleobotany (Palaeobotany) is part of paleontology (palaeontology). Paleophytology (Palaeophytology) is a synonym.

Paleobotanists study plant fossils from the past. Paleobotany is also about trying to understand past environments and the history of agriculture. Fossil pollen and spores are important for studying the history of plants. Micropaleontology and palynology both include studying fossil plant pollen and spores.

Note: terms starting with Paleo- are spelt Palaeo- in the English version of the English language.


Moree, New South Wales

Moree is a large town in northern New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Mehi River and on the junction of the Newell Highway and Gwydir Highway. The next closest town to Moree is Narrabri which is 100 kilometers south of Moree.

Moree is a major agricultural centre. It is an important part of the Australian cotton growing industry. Like many towns and cities in Australia, Moree shares its name with a much smaller community in Northern Ireland, Moree, County Tyrone. At the 2001 census, 9,247 people lived in Moree. Later in 2006, only 8,083 people lived there.

Ernie Banks

Ernest "Ernie" Banks (January 31, 1931 – January 23, 2015) was a former Major League Baseball player. He was a shortstop and a first baseman. He spent his entire 19-year career with the Chicago Cubs of the National League (1953–1971). 

He hit 512 home runs in his career. Very few players have hit more than 500 home runs in their careers. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1977. He was known as "Mr. Cub". 

In 2013, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama.

Banks was born in Dallas, Texas and went to Booker T. Washington High School in that city. He was a very good athlete. He won "letters" in football, basketball and track. He graduated in 1950.

Banks signed with the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League in 1950. He broke into the Major Leagues in 1953 with the Chicago Cubs. He was their first black player. He played for the Cubs his entire career. He started at shortstop, then moved to first base in 1962.

In 1955, he set the record for grand slam home runs in a single season with five. That record stood for over thirty years.

Banks won the National League Most Valuable Player Award twice, in 1958 and 1959. He became the first shortstop in the history of the National League to win the MVP award in back to back seasons.

On May 12, 1970, at Chicago's Wrigley Field, Banks hit his 500th career home run. Banks finished his career with 512 home runs, and his 277 homers as a shortstop were the most ever at the time of his retirement. (Cal Ripken, Jr. now holds the record for most homers as a shortstop with 345.) Banks holds Cubs records for games played (2,528), at-bats (9,421), extra-base hits (1,009), and total bases (4,706).

During Banks' career, the Cubs as a team often played poorly. They started to play better late in his career, but they never got into the playoffs. Banks holds the Major League record for most games played without a playoff appearance (2,528).

In 1977 Banks was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame. The beginning of Banks' speech that August 8 can be heard on a CD called "Baseball's Greatest Hits Vol. II". Commissioner of Baseball Bowie Kuhn presents Banks, who then says, "Thank you very much, Commissioner, for the fine introduction. We've got the setting - sunshine, fresh air; we've got the team behind us so . . . "'Let's play two!""

Banks had worn number 14 on his Cubs uniform. In 1982 he became the first Cubs players whose number was retired by the team.

On March 31, 2008, a statue of Banks was put outside Wrigley Field. The base of the statue repeats his famous saying, "Lets play two!" 

Banks died of a heart attack at a Chicago hospital on January 23, 2015, eight days before his 84th birthday. His death was announced by his lawyer in that same day. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery, just a few blocks north of Wrigley Field.


West Side Park

West Side Park is the name of a former baseball park in Chicago, Illinois. It was the home field of the Chicago Cubs baseball team from 1893 through 1915.

It was the Cubs' home ballpark when they won their only World Series championships, in 1907 and 1908, until their win in 2016. The team moved to Wrigley Field in 1916.

The park got its name from being located on the west side of Chicago. Where the ballpark once stood there is now a building in the University of Illinois Medical School.

Yoshino Province

, also known as Washū, was an old province of Japan in the area of Nara Prefecture on the island of Honshū. The history of the province started in 716 and ended in 738.

The province was established when Yoshino District was separated from Yamato Province. 

Yoshino Province was abolished sometime after 738. It was reformed as part of Yamato Province.

The Buddhist temple of "Hisosan-ji" was established in the province.
Yoshino was known for locally produced varnishes called lacquer. Cups and bowls and other lacquer ware ("Yoshino nuri") were typically black and red. Yoshino lacquer ("Yoshino urushi") was evaluated as superior.



Heathrow Airport Holdings

Heathrow Airport Holdings (formely BAA Ltd.) is a Spanish company who operates six British airports (including Heathrow Airport) and Naples Airport in Italy, making the company one of the largest transport companies in the world. BAA comes from British Airports Authority and is owned by a group led by Grupo Ferrovial, a Spanish firm specialising in infrastructure. The company's head office is in The Compass Centre on the grounds of London Heathrow Airport in the London Borough of Hillingdon.

Heathrow Airport Holdings makes money from charging landing fees to airlines and from areas such as retail and property. BAA does not operate all UK airports - most are in the ownership of local authorities or other corporations.

Heathrow Airport Holdings was once a listed on the FTSE 100 Index but is now owned by FGP TopCo Limited, an international group, which includes Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and GIC Special Investments, that is led by the Spanish Ferrovial Group.

Aberdeen Airport

Aberdeen Airport is an international airport in Aberdeen, Scotland.

It is about 5 nautical miles (5.8 miles or 9.3 km) northwest of Aberdeen city centre. 2.76 million passengers used Aberdeen Airport in 2010, a reduction of 7.4% from 2009. It is the 15th busiest airport in the UK. The airport was the second busiest airport in Scotland, and sixth busiest in the United Kingdom by number of flights in 2010.

The airport is owned and operated by BAA, which is a Spanish company. It operates six British airports, including Heathrow Airport.

Aberdeen Airport is a base for BMI Regional (part of BMI) and Eastern Airways. The Airport is also the main heliport for the Scottish offshore oil industry. 

The airport has one main passenger terminal, serving scheduled and charter holiday flights. There are three terminals for North Sea helicopter operations, used by Bristow Helicopters, CHC-Scotia, and Bond Offshore Helicopters. There is also a small terminal next to the main passenger terminal, Broomfield House, used for oil company charter flights to Scatsta in Shetland, operated by Eastern Airways.

Aberdeen Airport has the world's largest commercial heliport which has more than 400,000 passengers each year.

With the newer aircraft, helicopters can reach the northern most platforms on both the East and west of Shetland areas. However, helicopters often use Wick, Kirkwall, Scatsa and Sumburgh for refuelling stops.

Heliport

A heliport is a small airport only for use by helicopters. Heliports normally contain one or more helipads and may have limited facilities such as fuel, lighting, a windsock, or even hangars. In larger towns and cities, customs facilities may be available at a heliport. 

The early supporters of helicopters hoped that heliports would become popular, but they have not been popular in urban areas due to the unpleasant noise caused by helicopter traffic.

In a large metropolis, a heliport can serve passengers needing to quickly move within the city or to outlying regions. Generally heliports can be situated closer to a town or city centre than an airport for fixed-wing aircraft. The advantage in flying by helicopter to a destination or even to the city's main airport is that travel can be much faster than driving. As an example, the Downtown Manhattan Heliport in New York City provides scheduled service to John F. Kennedy International Airport and is used to move wealthy persons and important goods quickly to destinations as far away as Maryland.

Some skyscrapers feature rooftop helipads or heliports to serve the transport needs of executives or clients. The U.S. Bank Tower in Los Angeles is an example. Police departments use heliports as a base for police helicopters, and larger department may have a dedicated one such as the LAPD Hooper Heliport.

Helipads are common features at hospitals where they serve to facilitate MEDEVACs or air ambulance transfers of patients to trauma units or to accept patients from remote areas without local hospitals or facilities capable of providing the level of emergency care required. In urban environments, these heliports are typically located on the roof of the hospital.

Heliports have no orientation and are not numbered in a standard fashion like runways. In some US cities it is standard to paint the maximum allowable weight of a helicopter in thousands of pounds. Thus, a "12" in a circle designates that the maximum landing weight is 12,000 lbs.

Some Canadian hospital heliports have a cross and some have the letter "H" in the middle.

Heliport lighting normally consists of a circle or square of inset lights around the surface called the TLOF (touchdown and lift-off area) and another around the overall landing area called the FATO (final approach and takeoff area). The later encompasses the TLOF as well and the lights may be elevated or inset. Both sets of lights are now recommended to be green by the International Civil Aviation Organization and Federal Aviation Administration. Yellow (amber) was the former standard and is still preferred in many locations. There is a great deal of variance in color depending on the owner and jurisdiction. These lights were traditionally incandescent but are now increasingly light-emitting diodes with brightness control. The TLOF and FATO lights may be supplemented with surface flood lights. A lighted wind cone is necessary. At ground-based locations, a row of lead-in lights in the preferred direction of approach is sometimes used. Visual slope guidance systems (such as HAPI, PAPI, etc.) are recommended in both ICAO and FAA documents but are rarely deployed due to the high cost relative to the rest of the lighting system. While airports commonly use 6.6A direct current power, heliport lighting is normally AC powered. Radio control of the lighting by the pilot via an automated ground-based controller is also common.



Grammatical person

In grammar, a person is the way of referring to someone taking part in an event, such as the person talking, the person being talked to, the person being talked about. Grammatical persons are accomplished by pronouns, words used to take the place of a noun, in order to make speech easier.

The first person is the speaker referring to himself or herself. The second person is the person whom someone is speaking to or writing to.

Very few nouns are second-person nouns because people do not usually talk directly to things like tables. In fact, in English, just about the only kind of nouns that are second-person is a small group of pronouns that can be seen in the table below.

Sometimes, a person's name is used in the second person, but that's usually just with a baby. For example, instead of saying "you sit here", one could say "Charlie sits here".

In English grammar, people do not usually have to do anything special to the verb if they use a second-person noun as a subject. In fact, the verb "be" is the only verb that has a special form for the second person: "are". In other languages such as French though, verbs change in different ways to match the subject. In this table, "tu" and "vous" are the second-person pronouns. We can see how the verb "parler" (talk) changes when people use them.

Ballarat Airport

Ballarat Airport or Ballarat Aerodrome, is at Mitchell Park an outer suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.

Pilots were first trained on the Ballarat Common in 1914-15. In 1934 a tin hangar was built.

In 1940, in World War II, the site was taken over by the Australian government and a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) airfield known as Empire Air Training Scheme No 1 Wireless Air Gunners School was begun (EATS 1 WAGS) at the Ballarat Showgrounds on 22 April 1940.

The hangar was moved to the Commonwealth Flax Mill, and four Bellman Hangars and numerous "P"-type hut buildings were erected. In mid-1940 the Wireless Air Gunners School moved to the aerodrome. At first the wireless operators were mainly trained in panel vans, but from mid 1941, they used CAC Wackett trainer aircraft.

No 1 WAGS was disbanded on 31 December 1945.

The RAAF continued to use the airfield as its Radio School until 1961. The Shire of Ballarat took over the airport as a civil airport and kept many of the hangars and other structures. Most of the P Huts were sold by the Australian government.

The site was listed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 2007 because of its history with the Empire Air Training Scheme in Victoria.

The airport still has an important role in emergency services operation, civil operation, and flight training. Many community groups and organisations use the old buildings.

The airfield was also used for motor sport, starting on Australia Day in 1947 when it held its first motor race meeting. In February there was an International Formula Libre race, which was attended by some European Formula 1 teams. BRM factory drivers Dan Gurney and Graham Hill finished first and second in the major race, the Victoria Trophy with Ron Flockhart third in a Cooper. On the night before the race Gurney's car was stolen from its hangar and driven into or hidden with, hay bales out on the track.



Buchanan Field Airport

Buchanan Field Airport is an airport in Contra Costa County, California, United States. It is 27 nautical miles (50 km) northeast of San Francisco International Airport. The airport has a control tower and a lot of general aviation traffic. More than 500 aircraft are based on the field (mostly single-engine).

In 1942, Contra Costa County paid $88,000 for land to build an airport in the county. The airport was being developed when World War II started. The United States Army Air Forces took over the land. The Army added more land and built the airport. They also built a training base for pilots. The base was called Concord Army Airfeld.

In 1946, the War Assets Administration (WAA) gave the airport back to the County. In August 1946, the airport name was changed to honor County Supervisor William J. Buchanan, who was a board member for more than forty years. The airport was still sometimes used by the U.S. Army to move soldiers, especially during the Korean War.

In 1977, Buchanan Field was its busiest, with 357,000 total operations. That made it the 16th busiest airport in the United States, ahead of San Francisco International Airport, John F. Kennedy International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport. During this time people were worried about noise from the airplanes, so in 1988 the county made a law against some kinds of airplanes flying into Buchanan Field.

Starting in the 1990s, the county started planning to build more businesses near the airport. Some of the businesses built were Sams Club, Taco Bell, Sports Authority, and Jiffy Lube. People might try to close this airport in the future. That is because people would like to use the land it is on for other things, because it is in the middle of the city of Concord with no room to grow, and because the airplane noise bothers people. The county has built a new airport in Byron in the eastern part of the county.

On December 23, 1985, a small plane crashed into the roof of the Macy's Department Store at nearby Sunvalley Mall. The pilot and two passengers were killed. 84 shoppers in the mall were hurt, mostly from burning fuel. Four of the shoppers died later from their injuries. The accident made more people be against the airport. Pacific Southwest Airlines delayed scheduled passenger service that had been planned to start in January 1986.

Another plane crashed on April 13, 2004, just after leaving Buchanan Field. The plane landed on a minivan on Interstate 680 in Pleasant Hill. The crash almost severed the left leg of a 12-year-old girl. The crash was the fault of a mechanic who had worked on the plane.

On December 21, 2006, another plane crashed. It was flying too low and ran into the ground. The plane hit Highway 4. It crashed between the highway and Marsh Drive. Three passengers were killed instantly, and another passenger died after surgery.

Flights to San Francisco started in 1969, but were stopped by 1980. On May 1, 1986, Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) started flights from Buchanan Field to Los Angeles International Airport. PSA offered several round trips each day using airplanes that had 100 seats. In 1987, USAir took over those flights after buying PSA. That year, USAir said that it was stopping most of the West Coast flights that it got from PSA. This included Concord, where flights ended in 1992.


Naval Air Station Oceana

Naval Air Station Oceana or NAS Oceana is a military airport. It is in Virginia Beach, Virginia. NAS Oceana is a United States Navy "Master Jet Base". It is also known as Apollo Soucek Field. It was named after Lieutenant (later Admiral) Apollo Soucek. He was a Navy test pilot who set the world altitude record in 1930. Soucek flew a Curtiss "Hawk" biplane to an altitude of 43,166 feet. NAS Oceana is the only Master Jet Base on the East Coast.

In 1940, the U.S. Navy got the land that would become Naval Air Station Oceana. The nearby area was mostly farmland that flooded easily. It was useful as a second airfield to support the growing Naval Air Force at NAS Norfolk. It also let units get ready for deployments away from the crowded base there. NAS Norfolk could not be the home station for tactical air units because of problems with airspace. Much of its airspace is shared with the Norfolk International Airport. In the 1950s, NAS Oceana was made larger and given Master Jet Base status to be the home for the tactical air units. NAS Oceana has grown to become one of the largest air stations in the world. It covers an area of . Area around the base was cleared to remove obstructions and make flight easier at the base. This adds an additional to the area of the base. The bass has four runways. They are laid out in two pair forming a cross. Three of the runways are in length. The other is . They are designed for high-performance aircraft. NAS Oceana's main mission is to train and house the Navy's Atlantic Fleet strike fighter squadrons of F/A-18 Hornets and Super Hornets. Naval Aviators and Naval Flight Officers at NAS Oceana fly about 219,000 training operations each year.

On a Navy Master Jet Base, all aircraft at one base are usually of the same Type/Model/Series (T/M/S). That airfield also has the maintenance and training facilities for that type of aircraft. NAS Oceana had two types normally. It had a fighter and Attack aircraft section. In the 1960s, NAS Oceana became the home to all East Coast based F-4 Phantom II squadrons. Fighter Squadron 101 (VF-101) created a detachment at NAS Oceana. It served as the "Fleet Readiness Squadron" (FRS). It trained pilots and other crew members to operate the Phantom. It also trained the people who repaired the aircraft. After the F-14 Tomcat began being used in 1976, VF-101 changed to using and training people to use Tomcats. Phantom training operations moved to Fighter Squadron 171 (VF-171). VF-171 dealt with Atlantic Fleet training for the F-4 Phantom until it was no longer used in 1984. The last F-14 was retired on 22 September 2006. At one time, all of the Atlantic Fleet's A-6 Intruder attack squadrons were also home-based at NAS Oceana. VA-42 was the Fleet Readiness Squadron that trained all east coast A-6 pilots, bombardier/navigators and A-6 maintenance personnel. The A-6E was no longer used in the Fleet in 1997.

NAS Oceana became home to the F/A-18 Hornet in 1999 after NAS Cecil Field, Florida was closed.

NAS Oceana is home to seventeen strike fighter squadrons of F/A-18 Hornets and F/A-18 Super Hornets. The base is the only East Coast Master Jet Base. It is home to all the east coast strike-fighter (VFA) units except VFA-86 and Marine Corps VMFA squadrons. VFA-106 Gladiators are in charge of training. They use F/A-18C/D Hornets and F/A-18E/F Super Hornets.

Tomcat training was done by the VF-101 "Grim Reapers". NAS Oceana was host to the "Tomcat Sunset" reunion from 21–23 September 2006. Over 3000 former and current aircrew and maintainers came together to celebrate the retirement of the F-14 from active use. NAS Oceana was where the F-14 took off for the last time for final flight. The F-14D, Bureau Number (BuNo) 164603, Modex 101, of Fighter Squadron31 (VF-31) was flew from NAS Oceana to Calverton on Long Island, NY. It was put on display at the Northrop Grumman facilities where the Tomcat was first built.

During the 2005 BRAC base closures, it was decided that NAS Oceana could stay open only if some conditions were met. The largest problem was that the city of Virginia Beach had to buy and destroy about 3,400 houses and an unknown number of businesses near the base. These buildings were in the "Crash zone", the area most likely to be the site of an accident on landing. The fighters would likely have been moved to NAS Cecil Field near Jacksonville, Florida if NAS Oceana was not able to meet the conditions. The plan was well liked by Jacksonville Mayor John Peyton. The Navy decided it did not like the idea of moving the Master Jet Base to the Jacksonville area. On 20 December 2005 the Virginia Beach passed many ordinances to do what BRAC wanted, but did not destroy any of the homes.

NAS Oceana has been an possible landing site for NASA's Space Shuttle if needed.

In addition to the squadrons listed, there are many other commands at Oceana:


Strike Fighter Wing Atlantic


Mikawa Province

Mikawa had borders with Owari, Mino, Shinano, and Tōtōmi Provinces.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Mikawa.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Mikawa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Toga jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Mikawa. 


]
Costa Concordia

MS Costa Concordia is a cruise ship. Costa Cruises, a subsidiary of British-American Carnival Corporation & Plc, owns and operates the ship. The name "Concordia" was meant to express the wish for "continuing harmony, unity, and peace between European nations."

She is the first vessel of the "Concordia" ship class. There are sister ships built for Carnival Cruise Lines. "Costa Concordia" entered service in July 2006. It was one of the largest ships to be built in Italy, at GT 114,500. The later was "Carnival Dream" class weighed 130,000 GRT, and was built in Fincantieri.

On 22 November 2008, "Costa Concordia" suffered damage to her bow when high winds over the Sicilian city of Palermo pushed the ship against its dock. There were no injuries and repairs started soon after.

On 13 January 2012, the "Costa Concordia" ran aground and partially sank on the western coast of Italy just off the shore of Isola del Giglio. Of the 4,200 passengers and crew, at least eleven people were killed, including ten passengers and one crew member and 23 still missing. The situation is still ongoing. People were angry with the ship's captain because he left the ship. He was supposed to stay on the ship and help the other passengers get off safely. The captain's "error" took the ship off of its programmed route.

Owari Province

The ancient capital of Owari was near Inazawa

The province was created in 646.

In the Sengoku Period, Oda Nobunaga held Kiyosu Castle.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Owari.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Owari Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Owari and Mino provinces were separated by the Sakai River.

"Masumida jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Owari. 


Barwon Heads Airport

Barwon Heads Airport is a small airfield used only for light aircraft on the Bellarine Peninsula near the township of Barwon Heads, Victoria, Australia. It is mainly used for scenic tourist flights, private aircraft and flight training.

The airport is small and undeveloped. In 2008 five new hangars and new carparking was built.

The airport has a flight training school with two classrooms, fuel facilities and a seafood shop. There are showers and toilets in the terminal building. other facilities include a kitchen, snack and drink machines, and a lounge area.

The airport has two runways, the main one is a gravel north/south runway. There is a smaller east/west grass runway, mainly used by ultralight aircraft, and light aircraft in stronger wind conditions.

The owners of Barwon Heads Airport have tried to stop skydiving near the airport. They think the airport runway is too close to the proposed drop zones. In 2005, a ban was placed on skydiving near the airport. In 2008, airport owners said the company Skydive City was using an illegal runway 200 metres from the airport. Skydive City had been forced out of an airport hangar for not paying rent. Airport owners said the illegal runway was dangerous for airport users.


Inna

Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu (born October 16, 1986) known as Inna is a singer from Romania. She became famous after the first single "Hot" in 2008. The song was a hit in 2009 and in 2010 in the United Kingdom, France and other countries from Europe. The first single to be #1 in Romania was "Amazing" (2009) and another hit is "Sun Is Up" (2010). In 2011 Inna and Flo Rida had a song "Club Rocker", it was not a success. She is famous in Mexico too. She has over 4,000,000 fans on Facebook and over 500,000,000 views on YouTube.

Inna was born as Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu on 16 October, 1986 in Neptun a town in Romania. The town is next to the Black Sea and Inna knows to swim very well. She was not the best student in highschool. She loved music and Christina Aguilera or Rihanna. In 2007/2008 she met Play & Win, three boys who write music. They recorded some songs that are not successful. She was in Eurovision Song Contest in 2008, but nobody knew her. The name Inna comes from her grandfather. He called her Inna but he died before she got famous. She lives with her bichon Bobo. She says she doesn't have a boyfriend.
Inna has two albums. In 2009 the first album ""Hot"" was out. The album had four singles: "Hot", "Love", "Amazing" and "10 Minutes". The second album is "I Am the Club Rocker" and it is from 2011 and it has 14 songs and singles: "Sun Is Up", "Club Rocker", "Un Momento" and "Endless".

Inna had tours. She went to: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, France, Greece, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Slovakia, Netherlands and the UK and to Mexico before her birthday in 2011. She had the biggest concert in Romania for a Romanian person since 2005, in May 2011. She planned to go to US in 2012.

She has over 10 music videos filmed in: Romania, Portugal, UK, France, Spain or Bulgaria.

She won a lot of prizes including: 12 Romanian Music Awards, 2 MTV Europe Music Awards and 1 nomination at the NRJ Music Awards in France, 2011.

In Romania: 5 TOP 10, 10 TOP 100 (1 #1)

In France: 5 TOP 10, 7 TOP 100

In Switzerland: 2 TOP 10, 5 TOP 75 (1 #1)

In UK: 1 TOP 10, 5 TOP 75 (1 #1, IN UK DANCE CHART)

In US: #1 – Dance Chart – "Hot", 2010

In Bulgaria: 4 TOP 10, 10 TOP 40 (1 #1)

In Spain: 1 TOP 10, 5 TOP 50 (1 #1)

In Belgium: 3 TOP 10, 7 TOP 50

In Holland: 3 TOP 19, 8 TOP 100

In Europe: 2 TOP 10, 4 TOP 100

The albums: "Hot" - #1 in: UK DANCE, Romania. "I Am the club rocker" only top 10 in Mexico.


All's Well That Ends Well (album)

All's Well That Ends Well is the first album by American post-hardcore band Chiodos. It was released through Equal Vision Records in July 2005. Four music videos for the songs "One Day All Women Will Become Monsters", "The Words 'Best Friend' Become Redefined", "Baby, You Wouldn't Last a Minute on the Creek", and "All Nereids Beware" have been produced for the of the album. The album has sold more than 200,000 copies as of 2008.





Album

Liz Bonnin

Liz Bonnin is a French television presenter. She was born on 16 September 1976 in France. She works for the BBC.

Rafael Cortez

Rafael de Faria Cortez (born October 25, 1976 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian journalist, actor and comedian. He graduated in journalism from PUC-SP and since 2008 is a reporter the TV Show "Custe o Que Custar".


Custe o Que Custar

Custe o Que Custar (in English, Whatever it Takes, represented by the acronym CQC) is a Brazilian television comedy weekly frequency, produced by Eyeworks and aired by Rede Bandeirantes from March 17, 2008. It is presented by Marcelo Tas, you have in your bankroll Marco Luque and Rafinha Bastos. The reports are in charge of Rafael Cortez, Felipe Andreoli, Oscar Filho, Monica Iozzi and Mauricio Meirelles.

The format is a native of Argentina under the name "Caiga Quien Caiga" and appears that way since 1995 in the country by Telefe.


Vibe (magazine)

Vibe is a music magazine that is published in the United States. "Vibe" was founded by Quincy Jones and focuses on rhythm and blues and hip-hop music singers. "Vibe" is published bi-monthly from New York City. As of 2007, "Vibe" has a circulation of 800,000. The "Vibe" Awards is aired annually, which began in 2003, on the UPN channel.


Oscar Robertson

Oscar Palmer Robertson (born November 24, 1938) is a retired NBA basketball player. His nickname is the Big "O". He played at the guard position for the Cincinnati Royals from 1960 to 1970 and for the Milwaukee Bucks from 1970 to 1974. He is in the NBA basketball's Hall of Fame.

Robertson won an NBA championship with the Bucks in 1971, and won the NBA's Most Valuable Player award in 1964. He was also named to the All-NBA First Team nine times, and was an NBA All-Star twelve times.

NBA 2K12

NBA 2K12 is an NBA basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and made by 2KSports. It was released in October 2011 for Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, Microsoft Windows, and for the first time, iOS. The thirteenth installment in the "NBA 2K" series, it is the successor to "NBA 2K11" and the predecessor to "NBA 2K13". For the first time in the series, three different covers are available. The three retired athletes are: Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls, Magic Johnson of the Los Angeles Lakers, and Larry Bird of the Boston Celtics. Jordan was also the cover athlete of the previous game. This was the last installment in the series to be released for the PlayStation 2.

Sacramento River

The Sacramento River is the longest river in California in the United States. It flows through the Sacramento Valley in northern California, and is about long. The Sacramento has many tributaries, including the Pit, Feather and American Rivers. Cities along the river include Redding and Sacramento.

Native people have lived in the region for about 12,000 years. The Sacramento River's tributaries were the focus of the California Gold Rush, which brought many settlers to the area in the 1800s. Today, the river is used as a source of irrigation water and to produce hydroelectricity. 



Mackenzie River

The Mackenzie River is a major river in northern Canada. It is named after famous explorer, Alexander Mackenzie. The river's watershed drains parts of Alberta, British Columbia, the Northwest Territories, Saskatchewan, and the Yukon. It flows north, for , from Great Slave Lake to the Arctic Ocean. There are only a few small towns on the river, including Fort Providence and Norman Wells. The river is used as a boat transport route during the ice-free summer.

Tributaries of the river include the Liard, Keele, Great Bear, Arctic Red and Peel Rivers. The Slave River, Peace River and Athabasca River provide most of the water in Great Slave Lake.

Katey Sagal

Catherine Louise "Katey" Sagal (born January 19, 1954) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She is best known for playing the role of Peggy Bundy on the Fox comedy series "Married... with Children" and the voice of Leela on the animated series "Futurama". She was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards for "Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy" and two American Comedy Awards for her work on "Married... with Children".

Sagal has been the voice of "Futurama" and its direct-to-DVD movies since 1999. She is also known for starring on the series "8 Simple Rules" in the role of Cate Hennessy. She worked on that series with John Ritter until his death. Sagal took over as the series' lead character after the death of Ritter.

Since 2008, she has played the role of matriarch Gemma Teller Morrow in the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy". She won a Golden Globe Award for "Best Actress – Television Series Drama" in 2011 for this part. She has been married to the creator of the series, Kurt Sutter, since 2004.

Sagal was born in California to a show business family of five children. Her younger sisters Jean and Liz Sagal. They are a pair of twins who also act. Her brother is actor Joe Sagal. Her mother, Sara Zwilling was a writer and producer. Sagal's father, Boris Sagal was a director. Sagal grew up in Brentwood, Los Angeles.

Sagal began her career in Hollywood. She was in many made for TV movies between 1971 and 1975. These included a small role as a receptionist in the "Columbo" episode "Candidate for Crime" which was directed by her father. In 1973, she also worked as a backing vocalist for different singers, including Bob Dylan and Tanya Tucker.

In 1978, Kiss bassist Gene Simmons asked her to sing background vocals on his solo album. During this time she was also a member of the rock group The Group With No Name. She also sang backup for Bette Midler. Midler hired her for her 1979 tour as one of The Harlettes. In 1981, Sagal was a backup singer on the Molly Hatchet album "Take No Prisoners".

Sagal returned to television in 1985. She was in the series "Mary" starring Mary Tyler Moore. This led to her being cast as Peggy Bundy on the sitcom "Married... with Children" (1987–1997). She played the part of a lower-class, sex-starved wife of shoe salesman Al Bundy. During her audition, Sagal brought her own red bouffant wig. That look for the character was used in the series. As Peg, she wore the wig, capri-length leggings with a large belt, and high heels. These were all fashions from the 1960s. The series was broadcast for eleven years.

After the end of "Married... with Children", Sagal did many more television movies. She also did some acting on children's cartoon "Recess". She played the voice of Spinelli's mother. In 1999, Matt Groening cast her as the cyclopian spaceship captain, Leela, in his science fiction cartoon comedy "Futurama". The show had a cult following but was ended after five years. However, airings in syndication on Adult Swim. The series was later broadcast on Comedy Central. This caused the popularity of the show to grow. Comedy Central decided to have a series of "Futurama" direct-to-DVD movies made. These were broadcast by the network as 16 episodes. Sagal played the part of Leela in these movies. She also voiced the new season that began June 24, 2010.

Sagal guest starred as Edna Hyde, Steven Hyde's mother, in three episodes of "That '70s Show". She was also in the NBC sitcom "Tucker".

Sagal was cast as the wife of John Ritter in the sitcom "8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter" in 2002. Ritter was in only three episodes of the second season before his death. The show ended in 2005 after its third season.

In 2005, she made was on "Lost" as Helen Norwood. In 2007, she had a role in the season finale of "The Winner". She played the part of Glen Abbot's former, and Josh's current, teacher, with whom Glen has his first sexual experience. The next year, she was in four episodes of the series "Eli Stone". She currently stars as Gemma Teller Morrow on the TV series "Sons of Anarchy". It was created by her husband, Kurt Sutter.

In January 2009, Sagal worked with David Faustino for an episode of Faustino's show "Star-ving". Faustino played her son, Bud Bundy, from "Married with Children". In 2010, she was on "Lost" for two more episodes. In 2009 she was in the movie "House Broken" with Danny DeVito.

In 2010, she returned to the stage in Randy Newman's musical "Harps & Angels".

Sagal was married to Freddie Beckmeier (1978–1981) and Jack White (November 26, 1993–July 24, 2000). In 1991, Sagal learned she was pregnant. The directors of "Married... with Children" wrote her pregnancy into the storyline of the series. In October 1991, she had to have an emergency Caesarean section in her seventh month of pregnancy. The baby, a girl, did not live. The pregnancy on the series was then shown to be a dream. She also had an early miscarriage near this time. She and White did have two children. The writers of "Married... with Children" did not write Sagal's two later pregnancies into the series because of her earlier problems. They chose to only show her where her midsection was not seen.

Sagal married writer-producer Kurt Sutter on October 2, 2004 in Los Feliz, California. They have a daughter, who was born through a surrogate mother.


Slave River

The Slave River is a river of Canada. It begins near Lake Athabasca, where the Peace River and Athabasca River join. Then it flows north into Great Slave Lake. The river's water drains into the Arctic Ocean via the Mackenzie River.

Peace River

The Peace River is a river of Canada. It starts in the mountains of British Columbia, flowing southeast and east into Alberta. There it turns northeast through the Canadian prairies. After a journey of it joins with the Athabasca River, forming the Slave River.

Mehi River

The Mehi River is in northern New South Wales, Australia. It begins at the manmade Tareelaroi Weir and runs into the Barwon River. The Mehi is long. The Mehi River also runs runs through the major town of Moree.

The cotton growing industry gets a lot of its water from the Mehi River. The river is also used for leisure purposes. Water-sking and fishing are popular along the Mehi River.

Broccoflower

Broccoflower is a vegetable. It is either of two plants of the species "Brassica oleracea" with light green heads. The part that can be eaten is the young flower head (inflorescence) of the plant.

There are two forms of "Brassica oleracea" that can be called broccoflower. One is shaped like regular cauliflower. The other has a spiky appearance. They have a color like that of broccoli.

Michael Foot

Michael Foot (23 July 1913 – 3 March 2010) was a British Labour Party politician, journalist and author. 

Foot was born in Plymouth, Devon. He studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics at University of Oxford. He was a journalist from the late 1930s until the early 1960s.

He was a Member of Parliament from 1945–1955 and from 1960–1992. He was deputy leader of the Labour Party from 1976–1980 and Leader of the Opposition from 1980–1983. 

Foot was married to writer Jill Craigie (1911–1999) from 1949 until her death. He was an atheist. 

Foot died at home in Hampstead, north London, on 3 March 2010, aged 96.


Pícara Sonhadora

Pícara Sonhadora is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 2001. The series starred Bianca Rinaldi, Petrônio Gontijo, Karina Bacchi, Vanessa Vholker, Serafim Gonzalez, Mariana du Bois and Luis Carlos de Moraes.

Final Doom

Final Doom is a 1996 first-person shooter video game. It has two 32-level episodes: "TNT: Evilution" by Team TNT, and "The Plutonia Experiment" by Dario and Milo Casali. The game is also available on the PlayStation, including the Doom 2 expansion pack "Master Levels of Doom II".

Newell Highway

The Newell Highway is a major road in New South Wales, Australia. It runs from the Queensland border to the Victoria border. It is new South Wales's longest highway. It is almost long. It is the main road between Brisbane and Melbourne. The Newell Highway runs through some large towns such as Moree, Dubbo, Parkes and Narranderra.

Bob Ross

Robert Norman "Bob" Ross (October 29, 1942 – July 4, 1995) was an American painter, art instructor and television host. Ross is probably best known for hosting and creating the television show, The Joy of Painting. 
He was also in a kids' show called The Adventures of Elmer and Friends, although he died before he could create any more than one episode.

Ross was born in Daytona Beach, Florida, and was raised in Orlando, Florida. At the age of 18, Ross enlisted in the U.S. Air Force. Snow and mountains became a recurring theme in his artwork when the Air Force transferred him to Eielson AFB (in Alaska) and he first saw them. He developed his quick-painting technique in order to be able to create art for sale in short daily work breaks. He discovered that he was able to earn more from selling his work than from his Air Force position and later left the Air Force. After that, he began studying with Bill Alexander before Ross became famous worldwide with his television program, The Joy of Painting.

Norfolk International Airport

Norfolk International Airport is a public airport in Norfolk, Virginia. It is owned by the city of Norfolk. The Norfolk Airport Authority runs the airport. It is a part of the municipal government. The airport is used by the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of southeast Virginia. It is also used by the people of northeast North Carolina.

Norfolk International has almost 80 flights leave each day. These flights to go large cities in the United States. The airport is the third-busiest airport in Virginia. It is the country's 66th largest airport in terms of people using it each year. Over 3.5 million people used the airport in 2009. In June 2011, Norfolk International had 311,000 passengers.

Southwest Airlines, US Airways, Delta Air Lines and American Airlines are the main airlines that use the airport.

Commercial aviation began in the Norfolk area about 1926. Norfolk citizens flew commercially for the first time on the Mitten Line. It was run by Philadelphia Rapid Transit Air Service, Inc. Norfolk International Airport was built in 1938. It had a runway. The first terminal was built by 1940.

During World War II, Norfolk Municipal Airport became important to the war effort. The United States Army Air Corps took control of the airport between 1942–1947. They made the runway longer and built two other runways. This was done to deal with a much larger number of flights and larger aircraft. The Norfolk Fighter Wing was created in August 1942. It providing air defense for the Norfolk area. The 52d Fighter Group was put at the airport after the Pearl Harbor attack in December 1941. Many squadrons were at Norfolk Airport during the early years of the war. This ended at the end of July 1944.

The Army Air Corps gave control of the airport back to the city at the end of 1945. The amount of commercial travel grew quickly with two new airlines having regular flights. In 1948, Piedmont Airlines began flights. That same year, construction began for a larger, more modern terminal building.

In 1950, control of the airport was turned over to the newly created Norfolk Port and Industrial Authority (NPIA). At that time, Norfolk Municipal Airport was one of the busiest in the nation. In 1951, the new terminal was opened.

In the 1960s, the change from propeller aircraft to jets took place. Norfolk Municipal Airport made changes with longer and stronger runways and taxiway facilities. Because of this, in 1968, the airport was the air transportation center for the entire Hampton Roads area. It name was changed to Norfolk Regional Airport. To be ready for large growth over the next three decades, NPIA created a plan that would grow the airport as it entered into the 21st century.

In 1974, the airport opened its new terminal. More land was bought so that the airport could be made larger. In 1976, the airport's name was changed to Norfolk International Airport. Federal customs facilities were added. New buildings were built to hold the fire station, maintenance depot and ATC tower. One of the problems the airport faced as it grew was dealt with by the nearby Botanical Garden. It created an buffer area between the airport and the city around it. Norfolk International Airport was surrounded by year-round beauty. It was a national role model for dealing with growing air facilities and an ecological sanctuary.

In the 1980s, many changes took place. A new general aviation facility opened. A new air cargo terminal was built as well. More areas for parking were also added. Even the name of the controlling body changed in 1988 - from Norfolk Port and Industrial Authority to Norfolk Airport Authority.

In the 1990s the air cargo terminal and parking facilities were made bigger. In 1991, Norfolk International made the concourses larger. This added 10 additional gates. It now had a total of 24 gates. A new fire station and new FAA air traffic control tower facility were also built.

Norfolk International Airport covers area of . The airfield has a main runway (5-23) which is . Is also has a crosswind runway (14-32) which is . These let almost all commercial aircraft types use the airfield.

The airport plans to destroy the crosswind runway and build a second runway parallel to the main runway 5-23.

In 2006, the airport had 128,715 aircraft operations. It had an average of 352 per day. The breakdown of the types of flights was 44% scheduled commercial, 33% general aviation, 16% air taxi and 8% military. At that time there were 106 aircraft based at this airport. About half of these (51%) were single-engine planes. Of the rest, 30% were multi-engine, 17% jet aircraft and 2% were helicopter.

The FAA Norfolk Air Traffic Control Tower was built in 1995. It is high. The Federal Aviation Administration is in control of the Norfolk Tower. It deals with about 1,100 aircraft each day.

Norfolk International Airport (NIA) has one of the most modern and efficient air cargo facilities in the state of Virginia. About 70 million pounds of air cargo are moved in and out of the Airport each year. The airport is used by many companies with airlines that only move cargo. These include Airborne Express, FedEx, United Parcel Service and the U.S. Postal Service. NIA's two air cargo terminals have of space. An adjacent aircraft ramp gives access from planes to the warehouses.

There are no bus services to and from Norfolk International Airport. The closest bus stop is away.

All ground transportation services are in the arrivals terminal. There are several rental car companies in the terminal and Taxis are usually found at the main entrance.

A nine-floor long-term parking garage is next to the arrivals terminal. It was opened in July 2002. The garage has 2,800 parking spaces.



Absolute monarchy

An absolute monarchy is a form of monarchy where one person, usually called a monarch (or king or queen) holds absolute power. It is in contrast to constitutional monarchy, which is restrained or controlled by other groups of people. Controllers may be an entity such as clergy, lawmakers, social elites or a written constitution. 

One nation though, The Kingdom of Denmark-Norway, had the absolute rule of the monarch written in a constitution named "The King's Law" (Kongeloven). 

A significant number of monarchs were previously absolute rulers within their kingdom, but after the French Revolution (end-18th century) it became ever more common for monarchs to be limited by a constitution.

Nowadays, there are a few absolute monarchies that have been preserved. Some of these remaining absolute monarchies can be found among Arab countries. 

Major histocompatibility complex

A major histocompatibility complex, or MHC, is a molecule on the outside of immune cells such as white blood cells. It is coded for by a large gene family in all vertebrates.

The function of is MHC molecules to sense foreign antigens, and hence the presence of 'foreign' proteins. They bind peptide fragments from pathogens onto their cell surface. Once there, the fragments are recognized by T-cells. Adaptive immunity depends on this reaction.

Two properties of MHC molecules make it difficult for pathogens to dodge the immune response.

1. MHC is polygenic. There are several different genes, so that each person or animal has a set of MHC molecules which bind somewhat different ranges of peptides.

2. The MHC genes are highly polymorphic. This means there are multiple variants alleles of each gene in the population. The polymorphism is so high that in a mixed population there are no two individuals with exactly the same set of MHC genes and molecules, with the exception of identical twins.

Inside a population, the presence of many different alleles means there will almost always be an individual with a specific MHC molecule able to load the correct peptide to recognize a specific microbe. The evolution of the MHC polymorphism means that a population will not succumb to a new pathogen or a mutated one, because at least some individuals will be able to develop an adequate immune response to defeat the pathogen. The variations in the MHC molecules are the result of the inheritance of different MHC molecules.

Transplants are limited to those which get the least reaction from the MHC system in tests of tissue matches.

An autoimmune disease occurs when the immune cells do not recognize the MHC molecules of other cells and starts attacking its own body.

Apollo 8

Apollo 8 was a mission in the Apollo program in December 1968. It was the first crewed spaceflight to leave Earth orbit and first to orbit the Moon. Commander Frank Borman, Pilot Jim Lovell and Bill Anders transmitted a television show while they were in orbit. The Apollo Lunar Module that could land on the Moon had not yet been built, so they went in the Apollo Command/Service Module and photographed and studied the Moon from above. Ten orbits around the Moon took twenty hours. After that, they fired their rockets and returned to Earth.


Kyoko Okazaki

Her work includes

Mashpee, Massachusetts

Mashpee is a town in Massachusetts. The Otis Air National Guard Base is here. Camp Edwards is also in Mashpee.

Bradley Bell

Clinton Bradley David Bell (born March 18, 1983 in Davison, Michigan), is an American keyboardist, pianist, synthesist, and backing vocalist. He is best known for being the keyboardist of post-hardcore band Chiodos. Bell was also the keyboardist of pop punk band Cinematic Sunrise as well as the keyboardist of experimental rock band The Sound of Animals Fighting.

Birmingham Airport

Birmingham Airport is an airport near the City of Birmingham, England.

It is 5.5 nautical miles (6.1 miles or 10.2 kilometers) east southeast of Birmingham city centre. Its local authority is the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull in the West Midlands. 

The airport offers both domestic flights within the UK, and international flights to destinations in Europe, the Middle East, Pakistan, North America and the Caribbean. After handling 9.6 million passengers in 2008, the number of passengers dropped to 8,572,398 in 2010, making Birmingham the seventh busiest UK airport. The airport is a base for Ryanair, and also charter airlines Bmibaby and Thomson Airways. 

Birmingham has a CAA (Civil Aviation Authority) Public Use Aerodrome Licence (Number P451) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction.

The airport has a train station, Birmingham International, that is on the West Coast Main Line. The station is managed by Avanti West Coast. Passengers can catch direct trains to Birmingham city centre, London, Manchester, Liverpool, Glasgow and Edinburgh, run by Avanti West Coast. Trains run by CrossCountry also let passengers catch direct trains to Bournemouth, Plymouth, Bristol, Cardiff, Penzance, Sheffield and Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Trains stopping at local suburban stations also stop at the station, run by West Midlands Trains.

Shima Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izawanomiya jinja" and "Izawa jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Hōki.



Etta James

Etta James (born Jamesetta Hawkins, January 25, 1938 - January 20, 2012) was an American singer. She was born in Los Angeles, California. Her styles included jazz, blues, soul and R&B. She received many awards during her career. She was active for almost sixty years. James died of leukemia in Riverside, California at 73, just before her 74th birthday. Beyoncé Knowles played James in the 2008 musical "Cadillac Records". James released her last album "The Dreamer" in 2011. The album is a collection of covers.

James won six Grammy Awards. One of them was the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. She was given the award in 2003. James was put in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

Bend Over and Pray the Lord

Bend Over and Pray the Lord is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi. It was recorded in 1997, but not published. The songs were published in 2012 in collection album "Scarchives Vol. 1". 



Babez for Breakfast

Babez for Breakfast is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.

Tingwall Airport

Tingwall Airport also known as Lerwick/Tingwall Airport, is in Shetland, near its capital Lerwick.

Flights go to and from other islands in Shetland. There is another airport, Sumbugh Airport, which has flights to and from the Scottish mainland.

Tingwall Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P614) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee (Shetland Islands Council).

Sumburgh Airport

Sumburgh Airport is the main airport connecting the Shetland Islands with mainland Scotland. It is on the southernmost tip of Shetland, 17 nautical miles (20 miles or 31 km) south of Lerwick. 

The airport is unusual in that it has a 550 metre helicopter runway instead of the usual helipad. The western end of runway 09 crosses the A970 road between Sumburgh and the northern mainland; access is controlled by a level crossing with barriers lowered whenever a flight is taking off or landing.

HIAL receives subsidies from the Scottish Ministers in accordance with Section 34 of the Civil Aviation Act 1982. Annual Reports and Accounts are submitted to the Scottish Ministers.

Sumburgh was a former RAF airfield, with two runways. It saw regular action in World War II. 404 Squadron operated Beaufighter Mark VI and X aircraft from this station on coastal raids against Axis shipping off the coast of Norway and in the North Sea.

List of airports in Japan

List of airports in Japan may be grouped by type and or by location.

In Japan, airports serving civil aviation routes are governed by Japanese law.

The Airport Development Law establishes four classifications for airports.





Some airports in Japan are not within the scope of the Japanese airport statutes. These include U.S. military bases: Kadena Air Base, Iwakuni Air Base and Yokota Air Base.


Håkan Juholt

Håkan Juholt (born 16 September 1962 in Oskarshamn, Sweden) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician and the former head of the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party. He has been a member of the Swedish Riksdag since 1994 representing Kalmar län, and has also worked as a photographer and journalist. He resigned from the post as leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party nine months after being chosen for the post in March 2011.

Kansai International Airport

The airport is on an artificial island in Osaka Bay, southwest of Ōsaka Station.

It opened 4 September 1994, and the gross area is 1,068ha. This airport has two runways. One is 3500m×60m, and the other is 4000×60m.
In 2011, the total number of passengers was 13,651,184 (9,902,449 were international and 3,748,735 were domestic), and of landing was 53,899 (38,252 were international and 15,647 were domestic).



List of aviation terms

The following is a list of terms commonly used in Aviation.




Stornoway Airport

Stornoway Airport is an airfield on the Outer Hebrides Isle of Lewis. It is about 2 nautical miles (2.2 miles; 3.7 km) east of Stornoway, the biggest town on the island.

The Royal Air Force maintained an RAF airbase at the site of the airport until 1998.

Stornoway Airport is owned by HIAL, a company controlled by the Scottish Government. The airfield was first opened in 1937, and used mainly for military purposes. NATO aircraft used the airport for missions over the North Atlantic and for stop overs to Greenland and the United States. 

Nowadays the airfield is mainly used for domestic passenger services. The Royal Mail also operates a daily mail flight. CHC Helicopters operate two Sikorsky S-92 helicopters, equipped for search and rescue on behalf of the Coastguard. The helicopter crews have flown on over 3,100 callouts since the establishment of the service in May 1987. There are also several privately owned light aircraft based at the airport.

Stornoway Airport was also the location of an emergency landing made by an American Airlines Boeing twin-engined 767 jet, on its way from Sweden to Chicago in April 2001, due to a medical emergency on board. It stayed at the airport for 2 days.

Flights to Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Inverness and Benbecula are regular.

Canberra International Airport

Canberra International Airport , known as Canberra Airport, is the airport for Australia's capital city, Canberra, and the city of Queanbeyan, NSW. It is in North Canberra. Canberra Airport is the 8th busiest airport in Australia. The airport is also the base for Brindabella Airlines. Canberra is an international airport. 

Canberra Airport is managed and operated by the Canberra Airport Group Pty Ltd. The Airport has two runways, the 17/35 and the 12/30. Flights in and out of the airport are mainly to and from eastern Australia. Canberra Airport handled more than three million passengers in 2009. Since 2009, the Canberra Airport Main Terminal is being rebuilt and should be completed in 2012. The Southern Extension of the new terminal was completed in November 2010. The Western Extension has not been started.

The Airport is about 8–10 minutes drive from the city centre, 15 minutes from the suburb of Gungahlin and 10 minutes from Queanbeyan. Travel times can be much longer at peak times due to traffic congestion.

The land is currently divided into five areas:

The airport was built in the 1920s, not long after the National Capital site was decided. In 1939, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) took over the airport, but kept an area for civil aviation.

On 13 August 1940, in Canberra air disaster, a RAAF Lockheed Hudson flying from Melbourne crashed into a small hill east of the airport. Four crew and six passengers were killed. The Chief of the General Staff and three Federal Government ministers were among the dead. James Fairbairn, Minister for Air and Civil Aviation, also died. The Fairbairn Airbase was named after him. In 1962 the military side of the Airport was renamed RAAF Base Fairbairn. The north-east part of the Airport is called the Fairbairn Business Park.

Canberra International Airport Pty Ltd took over the airport in 1998. They leased the RAAF area to the Department of Defence. It was closed as a RAAF base in 2003, (although No. 34 Squadron RAAF remains based there). The RAAF area was renamed Defence Establishment Fairbairn.

Redevelopment of the Airport, including new terminal buildings, started in 1998. In early December 2007, plans were announced to construct a new terminal, but these plans were placed on hold in late 2008. A 600m extension to the airport's runway and upgrades to runway systems were completed in 2006.



Chūbu International Airport

The airport is south of Nagoya in central Japan.



Amir Talai

Amir Talai (born June 24, 1977) is an Iranian-American actor, singer, voice artist, writer, and activist. He is well known for playing a variety of characters in movies and television shows.On Saturday, October 14, it was announced that he will be part of the main cast of the adults series Hazbin Hotel, participating as Alastor. "He just makes funny voices".

Talai was born and raised in San Francisco, CA and is the first child of Iranian immigrants, Mohammad and Sima Talai. He speaks English, Persian, and French. Talai attended a French immersion school through 8th grade, after which he attended Lowell High School. He received a degree from UC Berkeley with a major in Mass Communications and a minor in Dramatic Arts.

Talai lives in Los Angeles, CA with his wife Nina Manni, who he married in 2011.

Talai began working as an actor in San Francisco after graduating from UC Berkeley. He later moved to Los Angeles, where he enrolled in The Groundlings, eventually joining the Groundlings Sunday Company. His two big breaks were The Comeback and Campus Ladies, both cult shows with poor ratings but a substantial number of fans in Hollywood. Talai has more than 125 film, TV, and voice-over credits, making him arguably the most prolific Iranian-American actor of his generation. Notable credits include What To Expect When You’re Expecting, Harold and Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay, LA to Vegas, How I Met Your Mother, Bones, American Horror Story, and The Shrink Next Door.

Talai has performed in musicals since high school, and has performed on stage regionally including at the Hollywood Bowl in Guys and Dolls and Annie and at the Paris Las Vegas Resort in the Queen jukebox musical We Will Rock You.

Talai has been outspoken on social media in regard to racism, misogyny, gun control, worker’s rights, and other issues. He has volunteered with numerous Democratic campaigns since 2004. At the 2017 Women’s March, Talai carried a sign that read A photo of the sign went viral and was subsequently featured in numerous books, textbooks, and articles.

Talai has written about depictions of Middle Eastern people for Vulture and Buzzfeed News, calling attention to the whitewashing of Middle Eastern actors and the dearth of opportunities for Middle Eastern actors to play roles that don’t involve terrorism or Islam.


Haneda Airport

The airport is in Ōta, Tokyo, south of Tokyo Station. Access to the airport by train starts at Hamamatsucho Station or at Shinagawa Station.




Washington Dulles International Airport

Washington Dulles International Airport is a public airport in Dulles, Virginia. It is west of Washington, D.C. The airport serves the Baltimore-Washington DC-Northern Virginia metropolitan area and the District of Columbia. It is named after John Foster Dulles. He was the Secretary of State under Dwight D. Eisenhower. The Dulles main terminal is a well-known landmark it was designed by Eero Saarinen. The airport is run by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. Dulles Airport covers an area of . It is on the border of Fairfax County and Loudoun County, Virginia.

Dulles lies in two unincorporated communities, Chantilly and Dulles. It is west of Herndon and southwest of Sterling. Washington Dulles Airport is the largest airport in the Washington metropolitan area. It is one of the nation's busiest airports. The airport has over 23 million passengers a year. Daily, more than 60,000 passengers leave Washington Dulles to more than 125 destinations around the world. Dulles is the busiest airport in Virginia. It is also the busiest in the Baltimore Washington Metropolitan Area. It is accessible via the Washington Metro's Silver line.

At the end of World War II, growth in aviation and in the Washington metropolitan area caused Congress to pass the Washington Airport Act of 1950. This provided the money for a second airport. The location was selected by President Dwight Eisenhower in 1958.



Dulles has been used for many Washington based movies. This started soon after it opened with the 1964 movie "Seven Days in May". The 1983 comedy "D.C. Cab", starring Mr. T, Adam Baldwin and Gary Busey showed scenes outside of the main terminal at Dulles Airport. The action movie "" takes place mainly at Dulles airport. The plot of the movie deals with the takeover of the airport's tower and communication systems by terrorists. The movie was not filmed at Dulles. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and the now-closed Stapleton International Airport in Denver were used. Part of the thriller "The Package" (starring Gene Hackman and Tommy Lee Jones) took place at Dulles. Again it was not filmed in Dulles. Chicago's O'Hare International Airport was used in its place.
Portions of all three sequels to the disaster film "Airport" were filmed at Dulles: "Airport 1975", with Charlton Heston, Karen Black and George Kennedy; "Airport '77", with Jack Lemmon, Christopher Lee and George Kennedy; and "The Concorde ... Airport '79". Dulles was the site filmed as a New York City airport, in the 1999 comedy, "Forces of Nature". The airport is also shown in the movie "Body of Lies." In the scene, Leonardo DiCaprio says he is in "Dubai International" on the phone. The curved roof and windows on the upper deck of the Dulles departures area can be seen behind him. The terminal can also be seen in the movie "In The Line of Fire" starring Clint Eastwood.

Dulles is used in many episodes of the television series "The X-Files".


Ketone

A ketone is an organic compound that has a carbon atom with a double bond to an oxygen atom (this is called carbonyl functional group). This carbon atom must also have single bonds to two other carbon atoms.

A ketone can be produced by oxidating a secondary alcohol. 

A ketone will show a strong peak between 1690 and 1715cm using infrared spectroscopy.

Norman Lamont

Norman Stewart Hughson Lamont, Baron Lamont of Lerwick (born 8 May 1942) is a British politician. He was born in the Shetland Islands. He read Economics at the University of Cambridge. He was the Member of Parliament for Kingston-upon-Thames from 1972-1997. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1990-1993. He was made a life peer in July 1998. He is the director of an investment company.

Moorabbin Airport

Moorabbin (Harry Hawker) Airport is an airport for light aircraft located in Mentone, Victoria, Australia. The airport is a suburb, with its own postcode "3194". The airport opened in December 1949. It was going to be called "Mentone" but this was too similar to the then French airport Menton. The name Cheltenham was too similar to the UK airport Gloucester/Cheltenham. The name comes from the nearby suburb of Moorabbin, Victoria. Moorabbin Airport is the third busiest airport in Australia by aircraft movements.

Moorabbin Airport has five intersecting runways, an air museum, helicopter terminals, a control tower and several flight training facilities. Moorabbin Airport serves the general aviation needs for the south-eastern of Melbourne and King Island.

The nearest train station is Cheltenham, about from the airport.

Bus services run along Centre Dandenong Rd at the northern boundary connecting to a number of rail stations including Hampton, Highett and Dandenong. Nearest freeway is Eastlink about to the east.


In 2006 Moorabbin Airport was named "Australian Regional Airport of the Year"


Airport terminal

An airport terminal is a building at an airport. It is where passengers are able to get on and off aircraft. Inside the terminal, passengers can buy tickets, leave or pick up their luggage, and be checked by security staff. The buildings that provide access to the airplanes through gates are usually called concourses. However, the words "terminal" and "concourse" are sometimes used to mean the same thing.
Small airports have only one terminal, while large airports can have several terminals and/or concourses. At small airports, the single terminal building usually has all of the functions of a terminal and a concourse.

Some larger airports have one terminal that is joined to multiple concourses via walkways, sky-bridges, or underground tunnels (such as Denver International Airport). Some larger airports have more than one terminal, each with one or more concourses (such as New York's LaGuardia Airport). Still other larger airports have multiple terminals each of which includes the functions of a concourse (such as Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport).

Most airport terminals are built in a plain style. However, some, such as Baghdad International Airport, are grand monuments, while others are considered architectural masterpieces, such as Terminal 1 at Charles de Gaulle airport near Paris or Terminal 5 at New York's JFK Airport. A few are designed to reflect the culture of an area. The terminal at Albuquerque International Sunport in New Mexico, is designed in the Pueblo Revival style made popular by architect John Gaw Meem. The terminal at Bahías de Huatulco International Airport in Huatulco, Oaxaca, Mexico, which features some palapas that are interconnected to form the airport terminal.

Many early terminals were built in the 1930s–1940s when air travel become popular. They are often in the art deco style architecture of the time. One such example from 1940 is the Houston Municipal Airport Terminal. Early airport terminals opened directly onto the tarmac: passengers would walk or take a bus to their aircraft. This design is still common among smaller airports. Many larger airports have "bus gates" to access aircraft which are parked beyond the main terminal.

A pier design uses a long, narrow building with aircraft parked on both sides. One end joins to a ticketing and baggage claim area. Piers can hold a lot of aircraft and are simple to design. They can often result in a long distance from the check-in counter to the gate. At Kansai International Airport this distance is half a mile. Most large international airports have piers, including Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, Larnaca International Airport, Frankfurt International Airport, London Heathrow Airport, Rome Fiumicino Airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Bangkok International Airport, Beirut International Airport, Hong Kong International Airport, Allama Iqbal International Airport and Miami International Airport.

A satellite terminal is a building that is not joined to other airport buildings. The aircraft can park around the entire building. The first airport to use a satellite terminal was London Gatwick Airport. Passengers use an underground tunnel to walk to the satellite from the main terminal. This was also the first setup at Los Angeles International Airport, but it has since been changed to a pier layout. The first airport to use an automatic people mover to join the main terminal with a satellite was Tampa International Airport. Other examples include the following:

Some airports use a semicircular terminal, with aircraft parked on one side and cars on the other. This design results in long walks for passengers changing aircraft, but greatly reduces travel times between check-in and the aircraft. Airports designed around this model include Charles de Gaulle International Airport (terminal 2), Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai (terminal 2), Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Seoul's Incheon International Airport, Toronto Pearson Airport, Kansas City Airport and Sapporo's New Chitose Airport.

Another unusual terminal design is the mobile lounge. Passengers are taken from the gate to their aircraft in a large vehicle which docks directly to the terminal and the aircraft. Washington Dulles International Airport, Mexico City International Airport, and Mirabel International Airport have used this design.
A mix of layouts also exist. San Francisco International Airport and Melbourne Airport use both a pier-semicircular layout and a pier layout.

Common-use terminal designs means airlines share check-in counters, gates and IT systems. Check-in counters and gates can be used by airlines as needed.

Dubai International Airport, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Terminal 3, is the largest single Terminal building in the world. It had an area of over (1,500,000 m²) when it opened on October 14, 2008. It can handle an excess of 43 million passengers.

Beijing, Hong Kong, Bangkok and Mexico City have the world's second, third, fourth and fifth largest single terminals (986,000 m, 570,000 m, 563,000 m and 542,000 m) in Beijing Capital International Airport, Hong Kong International Airport, Suvarnabhumi Airport and Mexico City International Airport.

Many small and mid-size airports have a single two or three-lane one-way loop road which is used by local private vehicles and buses to drop off and pick-up passengers.

An international airport may have two one-way loop roads, one for departures and one for arrivals. It may have a direct rail connection by regional rail, light rail, or subway to the downtown or central business district of the closest major city. The largest airports may have direct connections to the closest freeway. There will be car rental agencies and taxi companies at the terminals. The Hong Kong International Airport has ferry piers on the airside to connect with ferry piers across the border.

"Pre-Security"

"Post Security"

Baltimore/Washington International Airport

Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport is an airport serving the Washington Metropolitan Area in the United States. It is commonly called BWI. The airport is in northern Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is about south of Baltimore and northeast of Washington, DC. BWI is named after Thurgood Marshall. He is a Baltimore native and the first African American to be on the Supreme Court of the United States.

BWI is a focus city for Southwest Airlines and Cape Air. It is a hub for AirTran Airways. 21.9 million passengers traveled through BWI in 2010. July was the busiest month ever in the airport's history. BWI was the 24th busiest airport in North America in 2010. The airport was also 47th in the world in total aircraft movements in 2008.

In 2010, BWI was listed as the best airport of its size (15–25 mil. passengers) in the world by the Airports Council International. This was based on its 2009 Airport Service Quality survey. The airport also won second place for North American airports in the "Best Food and Beverage Program" of the 2010 Richard A. Griesbach Excellence in Airport Concessions Contest.

The planning to build a new airport on to serve the Baltimore/Washington area began just after World War II. Construction began in 1947. The airport was first named Friendship International Airport after the Friendship Methodist Church which was next to the land used to build the airport until 1948. The airport was opened on June 24, 1950, by President Harry Truman. In April 1957, the airport had 52 weekday departures. Eastern, Capital, American, National, TWA, United, 2 Delta and Allegheny flew through BWI at that time. The early Boeing 707s and Douglas DC-8s could not use Washington National, and Dulles was not built until 1962, so Baltimore became Washington's jet airport. It dealt with flights across the continent.

The State of Maryland bought Friendship International Airport from Baltimore for $36 million in 1972. The Maryland State Aviation Administration took control of the airfield. To get more passengers from the Washington area, the airport was renamed Baltimore/Washington International Airport in 1973.

The BWI Rail Station opened in 1980. It gave a rail connection to passengers on the Northeast Corridor though Amtrak. BWI became the first airport in the United States to be served by a major rail station. The station had easy access to Washington, D.C. This is something that Washington Dulles International Airport still does not have. In 1997, a new international terminal (Concourse E) was added. Dulles still deals with most of the region's international flights. Air Jamaica and British Airways have used BWI for many years. AerLingus, Air Aruba, Air Greenland, El Al, Ghana Airways, Icelandair, KLM, Ladeco, and Mexicana have used BWI in the past. Military flights by the U.S. Air Force's Air Mobility Command still use BWI.

Beginning in the 1980s and for much of the 1990s, BWI was a major hub for Piedmont Airlines and US Airways. Financial problems because of the dot-com bust, the September 11 attacks, and competition which lowered ticket prices caused them to be less active at the airport. Southwest Airlines' began using the airport in September 1993. Southwest is now the airport's largest carrier. It had 56.76% of the passengers carried in 2008. Southwest recently bought AirTran. Because of this, Southwest Holdings now has an average of 214 departures each day. BWI is now Southwest's 3rd largest destination. BWI has International flights to London, Mexico, Canada, and the Caribbean and domestic flights throughout the United States.




Fukuoka Airport

The airport is in Hakata, which is south-east of the city center. No other airport in Japan is so close to the central part of the city as Fukuoka Airport.

Fukuoka is officially a second class airport. It is operating at full capacity, and cannot be further expanded. 

Fukuoka Airport is the fourth busiest passenger airport in Japan.



Vancouver International Airport

Vancouver International Airport is a public-use airport on Sea Island in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It is about 12 km (7.5 mi) from Downtown Vancouver. It serves Vancouver and the rest of British Columbia. In 2010, it was the second busiest airport in Canada by aircraft movements (296,511) and passengers (16.8 million), right behind Toronto Pearson International Airport.

Heo Chohui

Heo Chohui (Korean: 허초희, Hanja: 許楚姬, 1563–1589) was Korean Joseon Dynastys poet, writer and painter. A Chinese style name was Gyungbeon(경번, 景樊), nickname was Nanseolheon(난설헌, 蘭雪軒). 

one of a famous woman poet, artise of 16th Century Koreas, elder sister of Heo Gyun





Sarah Burke

Sarah Burke (September 3, 1982 – January 19, 2012) was a Canadian athlete who competed in freestyle skiing and was a pioneer of the superpipe event. During her career, she won four Winter X Games gold medals and world championship in the halfpipe in 2005. She lobbied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to add the event added to the Olympic program for the 2014 Winter Olympics and was successful after trying to add it to the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Burke was considered a medal favourite in the event. In 2006, she was voted #91 on the FHM-U.S.'s 100 Sexiest Women list. She married freeskier Rory Bushfield in Pemberton, British Columbia on September 25, 2010.

On January 10, 2012, She was seriously injured while she was training on the Park City Mountain Resort Eagle superpipe in Park City, Utah. Witnesses reported that she completed a trick very well but fell on her head, and that the accident did not appear to be very severe. However, she later went into cardiac arrest while she was still on the ski slope which made her chance of survival extremely low. She was resuscitated and was airlifted to the University of Utah Hospital in Salt Lake City, where she was reported to have been placed in an induced coma. The next day, she underwent neurosurgery to repair a tear in a vertebral artery. She would later succumb to her injuries on January 19, 2012.


Adderall

Amphetamine mixed salts (also known as amphetamine and dextroamphetamine mixed salts, amphetamine salt combo, or simply amphetamine salts) is a medication used in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy. It is sold under the brand name Adderall. The drug contains a mixture of the salts of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. Both of these salts act as stimulants. The drug therefore helps people stay alert and concentrate on what they are doing. The downside of this medication is decreased fatigue, and decreased appetite.

The sustained-release (or extended-release) formulation is sold under the brand name Adderall XR. This formulation is designed to provide therapeutic effect and plasma concentrations. This is the same as taking two doses 4 hours apart. The normal dosage of Adderall XR is 20 milligrams.



Aechmea chantinii

Aechmea chantinii is a bromeliad plant. It is found in the Amazon Rainforest. Commonly known as Amazonian zebra plant, it is often used as an ornamental plant.

Kobe Airport

The airport is on an artificial island close to the coast of Kobe. It is south of Sannomiya Station, a main train station in the city.

The city government of Kobe proposed an airport in the harbor next to Port Island. Early planning was published in 1982.

The airport opened on February 16, 2006. The first international aircraft flight was September 2006. It is a 3rd class airport.



Social liberalism

Social liberalism also known as left liberalism in Germany, modern liberalism in the United States and new liberalism in the United Kingdom, is a political philosophy and variety of liberalism that endorses a regulated market economy and the expansion of civil and political rights. Under social liberalism, the common good is viewed as harmonious with the freedom of the individual. 

Social liberalism is different from classical liberalism: it thinks the state should address economic and social issues. Examples of problems the state might work on include unemployment, health care, and education. For example, there was no state support for general education in Britain before about 1870. Support for poor people came from private charities, and the church.

A commitment to a fair distribution of wealth and power led gradually (over about a century) to support public services as ways of fairly distributing wealth. Democracy improved by increasing the franchise (the right to vote) to all adults. Some countries which did not have democracy now do have it.

According to social liberalism, the government should also expand civil rights. Under social liberalism, the good of the community is viewed as harmonious with the freedom of the individual. Many parts of the capitalist world have used social liberal policies, especially after World War II.

John Rawls's published a book called ""A Theory of Justice"" in 1971, he suggested that ‘new liberalism’ is focused upon developing a theory of social justice. This idea of liberalism leads to issues of sharing, equality, and fairness in social and political circumstances. It is controversial because it attacks neoliberalism.

Social liberal ideas and parties tend to be considered centrist or centre-left.

VIT University

Vellore Institute of Technology, (also known as VIT University and abbreviated as VIT) is a university in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India. VIT has nine schools.

Inverness Airport

Inverness Airport is an international airport at Dalcross, 7 nautical miles (~8 miles or 13 km) north east of the city of Inverness in the Scottish Highlands. 

The airport is the main gateway for travellers to the Highlands and Islands. There are a wide range of scheduled services throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland; also there are limited charter and freight flights to continental Europe. 591,397 passengers passed through the airport in 2009. It is owned by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited (HIAL) who own most of the regional airports in mainland Scotland and the outlying islands.

Like many of the airports in the Highlands and Islands, this airport was originally a RAF air base, and played a role in World War II. It was converted to civilian use in 1947.

Kirkwall Airport

Kirkwall Airport is the main airport serving the Orkney Islands in Scotland. It is 2.5 nautical miles (2.9 miles or 4.6 km) southeast of Kirkwall, the largest town in Orkney. 

The airport, a former RAF base, is owned by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited. The airport is used by Flybe franchise service, operated by Loganair.

RAF Down Ampney

RAF Down Ampney was a Royal Air Force station. It was near Cricklade, Gloucestershire, England. Down Ampney was built in February 1944 and it was closed down in February 1947. It was used during World War II.

The airfield was part of a group of three airfields. The other two were RAF Broadwell and RAF Blakehill Farm. The job of these three airfields was to transport (move) things by air.



Sendai Airport

The airport handles domestic flights, and it is an international airport. It is officially classified as a 2nd class airport.

In 1940, the Imperial Japanese Army built Sendai Airport. In 1943, it was reformed into Sendai Army Flight School.

At the end of World War II, the United States Army took control of the airport and its operations.

In 1956, Sendai Airport was returned to Japan.
The airport is marked by the design of its terminal. The curving and waving roof imitates the mountainous landscape and undulating sea edge that surrounds it. The building was finished in 1997. It was designed by Gyo Obata of Hellmuth, Obata + Kassabaum (HOK). According to HOK, the iconic form represents the aspirations of the region.
During the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, the airport was damaged by the tremors and it was flooded.

A week later, military engineers opened the airport for disaster relief.

The airport served as a transit location for airlifted supplies, including 2 million tons of such items as blankets, water, and food.



Aquele Beijo

Aquele Beijo ("That Kiss") is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 2011. The series starred Giovanna Antonelli, Ricardo Pereira and Grazi Massafera.

Sydney Airport

Sydney (Kingsford Smith) Airport (also known as Kingsford-Smith Airport and Sydney Airport) is in the suburb of Mascot in Sydney, Australia. It is Sydney's main airport, and is the main hub for Qantas, and a secondary hub for Virgin Australia and Jetstar Airways. It is next to Botany Bay. The airport has three runways, the "east–west", "north–south" and "third" runways.

Sydney Airport is one of the oldest airports in the world still in use. It is the busiest airport in Australia, handling 36 million passengers in 2010 and 289,741 aircraft movements in 2009. It was the 28th busiest airport in the world in 2009. The airport is managed by Sydney Airport Corporation Limited (SACL). Flights from Sydney link with all parts of Australia. There are direct flights to 47 Australian cities and towns

Before the airport was built, it was a field for bullocks. Nigel Love, a former World War I pilot, wanted to start building aircraft. He needed to set up a factory and an aerodrome close to the city. He found some land owned by the Kensington Race Club. It had been used by a local abattoir, which was closing down, to graze sheep and cattle. The surface was perfectly flat and was covered with a pasture of buffalo grass. This grass which had been grazed so evenly by the sheep and cattle running on it that it was easy to make it suitable to land aircraft. In addition, it was clear for aircraft on all four sides. On the sides of the field were a racecourse, gardens, a river and Botany Bay.

Love set up Mascot as a private business, leasing from the Kensington Race club for three years. At first he had a small canvas structure but was later put up an imported Richards hangar. The first flight from Mascot was on 19 November 1919 when Love took movie cameraman Billy Marshall up in an Avro. The official opening flight took place on 9 January 1920, also performed by Love.

In 1921 the Australian government purchased in Mascot to set up a public airfield. In 1923, at the end of Love's three-year lease, the government took the land from the racing club. The first regular flights began in 1924.

In 1933, the first gravel runways were built. The course of Cooks River was moved away from the area in 1947–52 to provide more land for the airport and other small streams were filled. When Mascot was declared an aerodrome in 1920 it was known as Sydney Airport. In 1953 it was renamed Sydney (Kingsford Smith) Airport after Charles Kingsford Smith, a pioneering Australian aviator. The first paved runway was 07–25 and the next one built was 16R, sticking out into Botany Bay, starting in 1959, to land large jets. 07-25 is used mainly by lighter aircraft, although large four engine jet aircraft still land on the runway from the east, when south-westerly winds are blowing in Sydney. 16R is presently the longest operational runway in Australia, with paved length and between the zebra thresholds.

By the 1960s a new international terminal was needed, and work started in late 1966. The new building was officially opened on 3 May 1970, by Queen Elizabeth II.

The first Boeing 747 "Jumbo Jet" to land at the airport, Pan American's "Clipper Flying Cloud" (N734PA), arrived on 4 October 1970. In the 1970s the north-south runway was made longer to become one of the longest runways in the southern hemisphere. The international terminal was made bigger in 1992 and has been modernized several times since then.

Having only two runways that crossed each other became a problem and various governments tried to increase with Sydney airport's capacity for many years. A decision was finally made to build a third runway. This was not popular with people who lived near the airport. The third runway was built parallel to the existing main "north–south" runway entirely on reclaimed land from Botany Bay). A proposed new airport on the outskirts of Sydney was not developed.

The "third runway" remained a problem because of increased aircraft movements, especially over many inner suburbs. The 1990s saw the setting up of the No Aircraft Noise Party, although it did not win any seats in Parliament. Changes for Sydney Airport's operation were introduced by the Howard government in 1996. These included:

In 2002, the Australian Government sold Sydney Airport to Southern Cross Airports Corporation Holdings Ltd. 82.93% of SACL is owned by MAp Airports International Limited, part of Macquarie Bank. Sydney Airport Intervest GmbH own 12.11% and Ontario Teachers' Australia Trust own 4.96%. SACL holds a 99-year lease on the airport which remains Crown land.

The international terminal has been made bigger several times. The next rebuilding will take place in stages over twenty years (2005–25). This will include a high-rise office block, a multi-level car park, and bigger international and domestic terminals. This rebuilding and other plans of Macquarie Bank for the airport are seen as controversial. They do not need the legal oversight of local councils, which usually act as the local planning authority for such developments.

As of April 2006, some of the proposed development has been scaled back.

Sydney Airport's International terminal underwent a $500 million rebuild that was completed in mid 2010. It included a new baggage system, an extra of space for shops and passenger waiting areas and other improvements.
In March 2010, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said that prices at Sydney airport were too high. The report said Sydney Airport recorded the highest average prices at $13.63 per passenger, compared to the lowest of $7.96 at Melbourne Airport. The price of short-term parking had almost doubled in the 2008–09 financial year, from $28 to $50 for four hours. The report also said the airport abused its monopoly power.

In December 2011, Sydney Airport said it would divide the airport into two airline based areas which would have international, domestic and regional services under the one roof by 2019. Terminal 2 and Terminal 3 would be used by Qantas, Jetstar and members of the oneworld airline alliance. Terminal 1 would be used by Virgin Australia and its international partners. Other international airlines would continue to operate from T1.

Sydney Airport has three passenger terminals. The International Terminal is separated from the other two by a runway. Passengers needing to catch another flight need to allow for longer transfer times. Sydney Airport requires minimum connection times:

The airport provides a bus service between the terminals at a cost of A$5.50.

Terminal 1 was opened on 3 May 1970, replacing the old Overseas Passenger Terminal. Terminal 1 has been greatly expanded since then. Today it is known as the International Terminal, in the airport's north western area. It has 30 gates (Concourse B with 8–37 and Concourse C with 50–63) served by aerobridges, as well as a number of remote bays. It has room for the Airbus A380, which fly routes to Singapore (Singapore Airlines), London via Singapore and Los Angeles (Qantas), Dubai and Auckland (Emirates). The terminal building has three levels, one each for arrivals, departures and airline offices. The departure level has 20 rows of check-in desks, each with 10 single desks making a total of 200 check-in desks. The terminal also has an observation deck on the roof. The terminal has six airline lounges: Two for Qantas, and one each for Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, Malaysia Airlines and Emirates. The terminal underwent a major $500 million redevelopment that was completed in 2010. The shopping area was made bigger, outbound customs operations were put into one place, and the floor space of the terminal increased to 254,000 square metres.

Terminal 2, in the airport's north-eastern section, was the former home of Ansett Australia's domestic operations. It has 15 parking bays with aerobridges and a number of non-contact bays. Today it serves Virgin Australia, Jetstar, Tiger Airways, Regional Express Airlines, Aeropelican Air Services and Qantaslink services operated by Eastern Australia Airlines. There are lounges for Qantas, Virgin Australia and Regional Express Airlines.

Terminal 3 is a domestic terminal, for Qantas and Qantaslink flights to Canberra. It was home for Trans Australia Airlines (later renamed Australian Airlines). Like Terminal 2 it is in the north-eastern section. The current terminal building is largely the result of extensions made during the late 1990s. There are 14 parking bays with aerobridges, including two with dual aerobridges. Terminal 3 has a large Qantas Club lounge, and a Business Class and Chairmans lounge. Terminal 3 also has a 'Heritage Collection', includes items from Qantas's 90 years of service, It also has a view of the airport and is used by plane-spotters. It is next to Gate 13.

Sydney Airport once had a fourth passenger terminal, east of Terminal 2. This was formerly known as "Domestic Express" and was used by Regional Express Airlines, Virgin Blue (now known as Virgin Australia), and Impulse Airlines. However, it's now used by DHL Express and Tasman Cargo Airlines as an office building.

The Freight Terminal is north of Terminal 1. It is used for international freight operations, except for Tasman Cargo Airlines' trans-Tasman services.

In 1995 the Australian Government passed a law through parliament called "The Sydney Airport Curfew Act". This limits the operating hours of the airport. This was done in an effort to stop complaints about aircraft noise. The curfew disallows aircraft from taking off or landing between the hours of 23:00 and 06:00. However, some special flights are allowed between 23:00 to midnight and 05:00 to 06:00, by Section 12 of the Act.

During bad weather, flights are often late and people on late flights are unable to travel on a given day. As of 2009, four airlines had been fined for landing during the closed times. The maximum fine is A$550 000.

The airport can be reached from the city by the Airport Link underground rail line. The International railway station is under the International terminal, while the Domestic railway station is under the car park between the domestic terminals (Terminal 2 and Terminal 3). While the stations are part of the Cityrail network, they are privately owned and operated by Airport Link. Passengers have to pay a station fee or 'gate fee' of $11.80. This fee is added to the price of the train ticket.
The trains that go to the airport are regular suburban trains. Unlike special airport trains at other airports, they do not have special provisions for customers with luggage. They do not operate express to the airport and may have all seats occupied by commuters before the trains arrive at the airport.

Sydney Buses operates Route 400 from Burwood to Bondi Junction railway stations and stops at the International and Domestic terminals. It connects the eastern suburbs, Inner West and St George areas to the airport. Private shuttle buses also service the airport from the Sutherland Shire, Blue Mountains and Central Coast.

Sydney Airport has road connections in all directions. Southern Cross Drive (M1), a motorway, is the fastest link with the city centre. The only other motorway, the M5 South Western Motorway (including the M5 East Freeway) links the airport with the south-western suburbs of Sydney.

There is a ring road around the airport. General Holmes Drive has a tunnel under the main north-south runway and three taxiways as well as an aircraft viewing area. Inside the airport a part-ring road joins the Domestic Terminal with the control tower, the general aviation area, car-rental company storage yards, long-term car park, heliport, various retail operations and a hotel. A perimeter road runs inside the secured area for airport vehicles only.

The Airport runs several official car parks:
There are also many private parking companies around the airport who are cheaper than the official car parks. They have free shuttle buses to the airport.

The International Terminal is next to a wide pedestrian and bicycle path. It links Mascot and Sydney City in the north-east with Tempe (via a foot bridge over Alexandra Canal) and Botany Bay to the south-west. All terminals have bicycle racks and are also easily reached by foot from nearby areas.



Quincy Jones

Quincy Delightt Jones Jr., (born March 14, 1933) is an American arranger, composer, conductor, record producer, and film music composer born in Chicago, Illinois. He is particularly recognized as the producer of the album "Thriller", by pop icon Michael Jackson, which has sold more than 110 million copies worldwide, more than any other album ever, and as the producer and conductor of the No.1 charity song “We Are the World”. He has been nominated for 79 Grammy Awards. He has won 27 Grammy Awards. This is more than any other artist who is alive. He has been nominated for 7 Academy Awards. 

In 1990 Jones made his own company, Quincy Jones Entertainment, which produced The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. He joined the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2013. He has seven children from five different mothers. His daughter Rashida Jones is an actress. His other daughter, Jolie Jones Levine, is the president of the Take it Back Foundation.

Jones played trumpet on Dizzy Gillespie's 1954 album "Afro". Quincy Jones' first album, "This Is How I Feel About Jazz", was released in 1957 on ABC Records. Jones met Michael Jackson when they worked on the 1978 movie "The Wiz". He produced Michael Jackson's 1979 album "Off the Wall". He produced Jackson's 1982 album "Thriller". The album won eight Grammy Awards in 1984. He produced the 1985 movie "The Color Purple". The last Jackson album he produced was "Bad". "Bad" was released in 1987. It sold 30 million copies. Jones sued Jackson's estate in 2013 for 10 million dollars. In 1994 Jones won the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. In 2010 "Q Soul Bossa Nostra" was released. Many famous musicians sang on it, including Amy Winehouse.



Southern University of Chile

The Southern University of Chile () is a Chilean university. It is in Valdivia in Puerto Montt, Osorno and Coyhaique. It was started in 1954. 


Jinder Mahal

Yuvraj "Raj" Dhesi (born July 19, 1986 in Calgary, Alberta) is an Indian-Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently working with the WWE for the Raw brand under the ring name Jinder Mahal. He is a former WWE Champion, United States Champion and two-time 24/7 Champion. He has also worked on the independent circuit under the ring name Tiger Raj Singh. During his first WWE run from 2010 to 2014, Mahal was known for being part of the stable 3MB (three-man-band) along with Heath Slater and Drew McIntyre.
On June 12, 2014, Mahal was released from his WWE contract. However, he returned in August of 2016 looking much stronger than when he left. At WrestleMania 33, he was the last person eliminated from the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal which was won by Mojo Rawley. On the April 18, 2017 episode of SmackDown, he won a #1 contender's six-pack challenge for the WWE Championship and at Backlash, he won the title from Randy Orton. This made him the first wrestler with family from India to win the title.

Dhesi is of Sikh descent.



Medeco

Medeco is a manufacturer of high-security locks. The name Medeco is short for Mechanical Development Company. It is a subsidiary of the Swedish Assa Abloy Group.

The Medeco cylinder uses a rotating pin and sidebar design with angled cuts on the keys that rotate the pins, making it more difficult to pick than most other locks. However, it is possible to pick a Medeco lock. In 2006, it was discovered that a set of only four bump keys could open almost any Medeco lock at that time. Newer Medeco locks require a much larger set of bump keys. These keys are referred to as the "Four Keys to the Kingdom" among locksmiths. Medeco is owned by the ASSA ABLOY Group, which also owns Abloy and many other lock manufacturers.

Dhillon

Dhillon is a jatt clan. They originally came from the Jodhpur region of Rajasthan, and settled in the Punjab, but today mostly live in the southern region of Haryana (around Bhiwani, Jind, Jajjar, and Kaithl). 

List of busiest airports in the United Kingdom

This list of the 20 busiest airports is ranked in order of passenger traffic.

LaGuardia Airport

LaGuardia Airport () is an airport in the northern part of the New York City borough of Queens. The airport is on the edge of Flushing Bay and Bowery Bay. It borders the neighborhoods of Astoria, Jackson Heights and East Elmhurst.

La Guardia is popular because of its location near to Manhattan. Although the airport is small in size, wide-body airliners once flew there often. The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011 were designed for use at LaGuardia. The Boeing 767-400ER is the largest airliner that once flew to LGA; from 2000 to 2005, Delta used the 764 with 285 seats. Today, there are usually no widebody flights. Delta Air Lines does use a Boeing 767-300 at times for one of its Atlanta flights, and Air Canada sometimes sends their 767-300s there. On July 11, 2012, the airport became a domestic hub for Delta Air Lines. It is also a focus city for American Airlines and American Eagle.

LaGuardia is the smallest of the New York metropolitan area's three main airports. The other two are John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) in southern Queens and Newark Liberty International in Newark, New Jersey. LaGuardia is the closest of the three to Manhattan. These three airports are the largest airport system in the United States. They are the second most busy system of airports in the world by number of passengers. They are the first in the world in terms of total flight operations. In 2010, the airport had just under 24.0 million passenger. JFK had 46.5 million and Newark had 33.1 million. A total of about 104 million travelers used New York airports.

Most flights from LaGuardia go to locations inside the United States and Canada. Some flights also go to Aruba, the Bahamas, and Bermuda, which have United States Department of Homeland Security preclearance services. The airport has ICE/CPB facilities to deal with customs and immigration for international flights but they cannot deal with a large number of passengers at one time. LaGuardia is the busiest airport in the United States without any non-stop flights to and from Europe. Nonstop flights to or from LaGuardia are limited to only . This does not include flights on Saturdays and flights to Denver. Because of this most flights across the continent and international flights use JFK or Newark.

The airport was first named Glenn H. Curtiss Airport. It was named for Glenn Hammond Curtiss. It was later renamed North Beach Airport. New York City took control of the airport and named it New York Municipal Airport-LaGuardia Field. In 1953, it was named "LaGuardia Airport" for Fiorello La Guardia, the mayor of New York when the airport was built. The airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.



Bipasha Basu

Bipasha Basu (born 7 January 1979) is an Indian movie actress who appears in Hindi language movies. She has also worked in Telugu, Tamil and Bengali language movies. She was a successful model before appearing in movies.

Basu's first movie as an actress was "Ajnabee" (2001). Her first successful movie was "Raaz" (2002). She was chosen for Filmfare Best Actress Award for Raaz. She then appeared in commercial successes like "No Entry" (2005), "Phir Hera Pheri" (2006) and "Race" (2008). "Dhoom 2" (2007) is her biggest commercial success so far. Her work in "Apaharan" (2005), "Corporate" (2006) and "Bachna Ae Haseeno" (2008) was praised by movie critics. This led to her becaming a leading actress in the Hindi movie Industry.

Basu is also known for her dances like "Phoonk De" in "No Smoking" (2007) and "Beedi" in "Omkara" (2006). She has completed filming her first international movie, "Singularity". Basu married boyfriend of two years TV Actor Karan Singh Grover in a private Bengali ceremony on 30 April 2016.

Basu was born to a Bengali Hindu family in New Delhi. She lived in Pampoosh Enclave, Nehru Place and studied at Apeejay High School. She was 8 when her family moved to Kolkata. She continued studying in Kolkata at Bhavan's Gangabux Kanoria Vidyamandir.

Basu studied commerce at Bhawanipur Education Society College after 12th standard. She had planned to become a doctor before taking commerce. She did modelling shows in her college as a hobby. In 1996, she won the Godrej Cinthol Supermodel Contest and went to New York to became a successful model.

Vinod Khanna was one of the judges at the supermodel contest in which Basu participated. He wanted to introduce her with his son Akshaye Khanna in "Himalay Putra". Basu felt she was too young and refused the offer. Later, Anjala Zaveri agreed to the role. Another judge Jaya Bacchan wanted to introduce Basu with her son Abhishek Bacchan in "Akhari Mughal". However, "Akhari Mughal" was never made.

In 2001, Basu finally appeared in her first movie "Ajnabee" (2001). The movie was directed by Abbas-Mustan. It failed commercially and received negative reviews from critics.


Joe Paterno

Joseph Vincent "Joe" Paterno (; December 21, 1926 — January 22, 2012) was an American college football coach. He was the head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions for 46 years from 1966 through 2011. Paterno's nickname was "JoePa".

Paterno was an Italian-American who was born and raised in Brooklyn. His team won 409 games with him as coach, so he had the record for the most wins by an NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) coach. He is the only FBS coach to reach 400 victories. He coached five undefeated teams that won major bowl games. In 2007, was entered the College Football Hall of Fame.

Penn State trustees fired Paterno in the middle of the football season in November 2011. The university was concerned about Paterno's possible responsibility after long-time assistant coach Jerry Sandusky was arrested on child sexual abuse charges.

Paterno died of lung cancer on January 22, 2012.


Heo Gyun

Heo Gyun (Korean: 허균, Hanja: 許筠, 1569-1618) was a Korean writer, politician and poet during the Joseon Dynasty. His Chinese name was Danbo (단보, 端甫). Other names were Gyosan (교산, 蛟山), Seongso (성소, 惺所), Baikwolgeosa (백월거사, 白月居士).


Oki Airport

The airport is in the town of Okinoshima. This is part of the Shimane Prefecture. 

It is officially classified as a 3rd class airport.



Holly Valance

Holly Valance (born Holly Rachel Vukadinovic on 11 May 1983) is an Australian actress, singer and model. She is a dual citizen of Australia and the United Kingdom. She was born in Melbourne to an English immigrant mother and Serbian immigrant father. She began her career in 1999 as Felicity Scully on Australian soap opera "Neighbours". She began her singing career in 2002. 

Valance was a contestant in the 2011 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".


Bob Monkhouse

Robert Alan Monkhouse OBE (1 June 1928 – 29 December 2003) was a British writer, actor, comedian and presenter. He was born in Beckenham, Kent. He wrote and presented on radio. He acted in films and wrote and acted on television. He was a game show host and stand-up comedian. Some of his most famous game shows he presented include The Golden Shot, Celebrity Squares, Family Fortunes, Bob’s Full House and Wipeout. 

Monkhouse died of prostate cancer in Bedford. 

Mount Baker

Mount Baker, also known as Koma Kulshan or Kulshan, is an active volcano in the Pacific Northwest. It is located in Washington in the United States.

The volcano's height is .

Winter sport

Winter sports are sports played during winter. They often must be played on ice or snow. The International Olympic Comittee has the Winter Olympics, which are every four years. In the Winter Olympics, people try to win at winter sports for their country. Cold countries, for example Russia, Canada and Norway, are good at winter sports.

Winter sports include:

Bandy

Bandy is a sport like ice hockey but with a ball instead of a puck and on a larger field. It is played on ice. The rules are much like the rules for association football.

There are 11 players on each team. The game is 90 minutes long with 45 minutes in each half, like association football (soccer). The size of the bandy field is the same as in association football.

The rules are set by the Federation of International Bandy.

There are 32 countries in the Federation of International Bandy.

Bandy World Championship for men has been played recurringly since 1957.


Pentathlon

A pentathlon is a sports contest with five different events. The name comes from two Greek words. "Pente" means five and "athlon" means competition. The first pentathlon was in Ancient Greece and was part of the Ancient Olympic Games. The five events were long jump, javelin throw, and discus throw, followed by the "stadion" (a short foot race) and wrestling. 

The modern pentathlon is a sports contest that includes five events. They are pistol shooting, fencing, 200 m freestyle swimming, show jumping, and a 3 km cross-country run. It was invented by Pierre de Coubertin. 

The event was first held at the 1912 Olympic Games. It was won by Swedish athlete Gösta Lilliehöök. Since 1949 there is a yearly World Championship unless there is an Olympic Game.


Trace Adkins

Tracy Darrell "Trace" Adkins (born January 13, 1962) is an American country music musician and singer. Trace was born Springhill, Louisiana. He has had 3 number one hits on the "Billboard" country charts.

In January 2010, Adkins left his long-time record label, Capitol Nashville. He then signed with Show Dog-Universal Music.


Airline hub

An airline hub is an airport that an airline uses as a transfer point to get passengers to their intended destination.

The airport is part of a "hub and spoke model". 

Some airlines may use only a single hub, while other airlines use multiple hubs. 


Zeibekiko

Zeibekiko () is a Greek dance mainly for men.

Boris Godunov (opera)

Boris Godunov () is an opera by Modest Mussorgsky (1839–1881). It was the only opera that Mussorgsky finished. It is his most famous work and one of the most famous of all Russian operas. It was composed between 1868 and 1873.

The story of the opera is based on something that really happened in Russian history. The Russian people were ruled by a tsar (an emperor). The previous tsar Tsar Ivan IV was known as “Ivan the Terrible”. He was terribly cruel and the Russian people suffered badly under his rule. They were hungry, they were tortured and killed. When he died his son became Tsar, but he was mentally retarded, so a group of powerful people including Boris Godunov had to rule for him. Ivan also had another son, but he disappeared. He was almost certainly murdered, and Boris Godunov, who wanted to become tsar himself, had probably ordered him to be murdered (for the sake of the opera, Mussorgsky assumes that he was indeed guilty of his murder). Then he persuaded the Russian people that they should choose him to be their tsar.

Some years later a young monk escapes from his monastery and pretends to be the murdered son of Ivan the Terrible. He gets a Polish army to help him to fight Boris Godunov. Boris Godunov feels terribly guilty about the murder. He suffers so much that he dies. The young monk arrives in Moscow and makes himself tsar (Tsar Dimitri II). The ordinary Russian people remain desperately poor. It is their fate to suffer, ruled by cruel tyrants.

The composer wrote the words (the libretto) himself. It was based on a play by Aleksandr Pushkin. Mussorgsky also read a famous book on the history of Russia: Nikolay Karamzin's "History of the Russian State" and used some of the historical material from this book.

Originally Mussorgsky composed the opera in 1869, but in those days it had to be approved by the censors before it was allowed to be performed. The opera was rejected by the censors. The main reason they gave was that there were no female characters in the opera. Mussorgsky made lots of changes, including adding a whole new act with Dimitry in love with a Polish princess. Another reason why the opera had been rejected was that composers and dramatists were not allowed to have the character of a tsar on stage. However, Tsar who then ruled said he did not mind, so the opera was first performed in 1874 in Saint Petersburg.

The opera "Boris Godunov" can either be performed in the first version of 1869, or in the second version of 1874. In fact performances of the opera have often been something of a mixture, as opera directors have often made cuts, or changes to the music or the order of scenes. The composers Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Dmitri Shostakovich have both made new editions of the opera in which they thought they could improve some of Mussorgsky’s harmony or orchestration. For many years it was these editions that were usually performed. Nowadays people realize more and more that Mussorgsky’s harmonies and orchestrations, which were very original for their time, were quite deliberate and very effective. Modern performances therefore often go back to what Mussorgsky originally wrote.

By the close of 1868, Mussorgsky had already started two operas, but never finished them These were "Salammbô" and "Marriage", which was influenced by Alexander Dargomyzhsky's opera "The Stone Guest". Mussorgsky was breaking away from the Romantic style that many composers used at the time. He had learned a lot by trying to write these operas and he used some of the musical ideas in "Boris Godunov".
Vladimir Nikolsky, a professor of Russian history, suggested to Mussorgsky the idea of writing an opera about Boris Godunov, based on Pushkin’s play. Mussorgsky worked very fast on the opera, finishing the vocal score (i.e. without the orchestration) in 9 months. During this time he was also working as a civil servant. When he state censor rejected the opera he worked another two years on it, adding a female role as required, and making other changes he felt necessary: adding three scenes, cutting one and changing another, adding songs for the Hostess, Fyodor and the Nurse. In 1873 three scenes were performed, and on 27 January 1874 the first performance of the whole opera took place. The conductor, Nápravník, was a good conductor, but he often made cuts in the operas he performed. He cut the whole of the Cell Scene because he thought the opera was too long. Nevertheless, it was a great success among many people, although some critics hated it. It was performed 21 times in Mussorgsky’s lifetime.

During the early 20th century the Russian bass singer Fyodor Shalyapin was a very famous singer who often sang the role of Boris.

The opera is divided into a prologue and 4 acts.


In the first scene of the prologue a large crowd has come to the courtyard of a monastery. Chelkalov comes and talks to the crowd. He tells them that Boris has not yet accepted the throne, but that they should pray that he will.
The second scene is the famous coronation scene. The crowd are kneeling in front of two cathedrals in the centre of Moscow. The church bells are ringing. The boyars cross the stage. Boris has agreed to be Tsar. Boris appears on stage, but he is rather gloomy. He tells the crowd to pray for guidance.

Act I
Scene i. This takes place five years later in a monastery. An old monk, Pimen is writing the history of Russia. He has nearly finished, and he has got to the year when the Tsar’s son seems to have been murdered. He is reading what he has written to a young monk, Grigory. Grigory then has a dream. In the dream he is standing on top of a high tower and looks down on the people who are laughing at him. He feels guilty and falls from the tower. Pimen tries to comfort him. He says that Boris murdered the Tsar’s son. Grigory learns that the Tsar’s son, if he had still been alive, would have been the same age as he is now. He decides to pretend to be the Tsar’s son and to claim the throne as his.

Scene ii takes place in an inn on the border of Russia with Lithuania. The hostess sings a silly song. Two monks, Varlaam and Missail, come in. Grigory is with them. He has run away from the monastery. The two wandering monks were showing him the way to the Lithuanian border. The two monks start to get drunk and sing. Grigory does not join in, his just sits there. Two guards (like policeman) appear. They are looking for Grigory because they know that the runaway monk is a going to be a threat to the Tsar. They have a description of the wanted man. They ask whether anyone can read (hardly anyone could read in those days, except monks). Dimitri says he can read, so he takes the piece of paper and starts to read the description of the wanted man. He is describing Varlaam. Varlaam realizes this and snatches the paper from him. He decides he can read after all. He starts to read a description of Dimitri. Dimitri escapes through the window.

Act II
The scene is the Tsar’s apartments in the Kremlin in Moscow. The Tsarevich Fyodor is reading, his sister sings sadly a song about a man she loved who died before they could get married. The Nurse tries to comfort her. Fyodor tries to cheer her up by singing a jolly clapping song. The Nurse joins in. Then Boris comes in. He tells him to concentrate on his lesson. One day he will rule the country and he will need to be wise. Boris sings of his terrible feelings of doubt and agony (because he is guilty of murder). A boyar enters and tells Boris that Shuisky wants to speak to him. He warns Boris that Shuisky is on the side of the Poles who are against him. When Shuisky enters he tells Boris that a pretender has come who claims to be the Tsar’s son who is thought to have been murdered. Boris asks Shuisky whether it really was the Tsar’s son who was killed and buried. Shuisky says that it definitely was, and that he had watched over the body for five days. Boris cannot bear to hear any more and tells Shuisky to leave. He then sinks back in a chair. A clock chimes and the figures on the clock move. Boris thinks they are aghost of the murdered child. He goes mad.

Act III
The scene takes place in the royal palace in Poland. Dimitri has gone to Poland to persuade the Polish army to support him in his fight against Boris. The Poles are glad to do this because they often fought Russia when they thought they could take a bit of their land. They want the Polish Princess Marina to marry Dimitri (they think, of course, that he really is the Tsar’s son Dimitri, they don't know that he is really a young monk called Grigory). Princess Marina sings of her love for Dimitri. She has not met him yet, but she would like to be Tsarina (the wife of the Tsar) because that would bring her power. Rangoni tells Dimitri that the Princess is in love with him. A meeting is arranged in the garden. Princess Marina is horrible to him. She persuades him to act quickly to get an army together to march to Moscow and get the throne. They embrace. Rangoni is pleased, because it will be a triumph for his church.

Act IV
Scene i takes place in the palace in the Kremlin. Shuisky tells the assembled noblemen that he saw Boris who seemed to be having a mad fit. He was shouting “Away! Away!” and waving his arms. Just at that moment Boris enters doing just that. He does not seem to notice any of the boyars who are standing there. Shuisky manages to persuade him to sit down on his throne. Shuisky then says that there is a holy man outside who has something to say to everyone. The man is let in. It is Pimen. He tells a strange story. It is about a shepherd who was blind. He had a dream in which he was told to go to the tomb where the murdered Tsar’s son Dimitri lies buried. He went there and prayed. Immediately he was able to see. Boris becomes terribly distressed at this story. He calls for light, he collapses in the arms of the boyars, and he sends for his son Fyodor. Boris asks to be left alone with him. He then says goodbye to his son and tells him to take good care of the Russian people. Monks behind the scene pray for the soul of Boris. Boris dies.

Scene ii takes place in the forest of Kromy. Dimitri has marched into Russia leading his troops. The Russian people are starving and law and order has broken down. A very simple man (the Simpleton) sings a simple song. A group of children tease him and steal his money (just one kopek). Varlaam and Missail sing in praise of Dimitri. They point out two men who are Jesuits, and the people get ready to hang them. Dimitri enters and frees the Jesuits. The people rejoice because Dimitri is to be their new tsar. He tells the people to follow him to Moscow. All exit and the Simpleton is left alone on stage. He sings a simple song which expresses the sadness of the poor, hungry Russian people.

There has been a lot of discussion about the order of the two scenes in Act IV: scene i which shows the death of Boris and scene ii which shows the Russian people in the forest. The order given above is what Mussorgsky wanted. For him, the most important thing about the opera was to express the tragedy of the Russian people who are always doomed to be ruled by cruel tyrants.

When Rimsky-Korsakov edited the opera after Mussorgsky’s death he put Boris’s death scene last. Finishing the opera with Boris’s death meant that the personal tragedy of Boris was the most important thing. Certainly, famous singers who sang the role of Boris, such as Chaliapin, liked the opera to finish with Boris’s death. Nowadays the opera is nearly always performed with the forest scene finishing the opera. This was Mussorgsky’s intention. It is about the tragedy of the people, and this is put into words by the Simpleton, who expresses the truth through his simple words.






Winnie the Pooh (2011 movie)

Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American animated musical movie produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 52nd movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is based on the A. A. Milne stories of the same name. In the movie, Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, Rabbit, Piglet, Owl, Eeyore, Kanga, and Roo go on a journey to save Christopher Robin.


Additional voices were provided by Jeff Bennett, Jack Black, Rodger Bumpass, Bill Fagerbakke, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Lisa Linder, Robert Lopez, Sherry Lynn, Mona Marshall, Mickie McGowan, Daran Norris, Nolan North, Patrick Pinney, Jan Rabson, Jim Ward and Frank Welker.

Lauryn Hill

Lauryn Noelle Hill (born May 26, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, record producer, and actress. She began her career while still in high school as a member of the Fugees. She rose to greater fame when she released her first solo album, "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill". The album received critical acclaim, won many awards, including five Grammy Awards, and was commercially successful. After the release of her debut album, she took a four-year break. In 2002, Hill released "MTV Unplugged No. 2.0", an album with more personal content that was recorded live, mostly solo with an acoustic guitar. In recent years, she has recorded songs for soundtracks and has performed at secular music festivals. Hill has six children.



Nail gun

A nail gun is a power tool used for driving nails into wood or other construction materials. Driving a nail with a nail gun is usually much faster than driving it with a hammer.

Kawauchi, Fukushima

Kawauchi was evacuated because of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. The village is 30 kilometers (19 miles) from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. People had to leave their homes because of radiation.

In 2012, the village government urged (asked) people to come back to their homes. In 2013, only 400 of the 2,000+ citizens of the village have decided to return.


Rik Mayall

Richard Michael "Rik" Mayall (3 March 1948 – 19 June 2014) was a British actor, comedian and writer. He starred in many sitcoms, including "Man Down","The Young Ones", "Blackadder", "Filthy Rich and Catflap", "The New Statesman" and "Bottom". He also starred in the movies "Eye of the Needle" (1981), "Drop Dead Fred" (1991) and "Guest House Paradiso" (1999). He also won an Emmy Award in 1997 for "The Willows in Winter" (1995).

Mayall was born in Harlow, Essex. When he was three, he moved to Droitwich Spa, Worcestershire. He studied drama at the University of Manchester. He had a relationship with writer Lise Mayer in the early 1980s. He was married to Scottish make-up artist, Barbara Robbin from 7 February 1985 until his death. The couple had two daughters and a son together. His autobiography was published in 13 April 2005.

On 17 April 1998, Mayall was injured in a quad bike accident near his home in Devon. After waking up from a coma and having operations, he made a full recovery but was left with epilepsy.

Mayall died from a heart attack after a morning run on 19 June 2014 at his home in Barnes, London. He was 66.

Namie, Fukushima

Namie was damaged in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

In April 2011, the Japanese government made people leave here because of radiation from the Fukushima I nuclear accidents.

Before people left, stone from a quarry in Namie was sent to make concrete for about 60 buildings. The stone and the concrete is radioactive.

The people who used to live in Namie are called "nuclear refugees".


Nigel Lawson

Nigel Lawson, Baron Lawson of Blaby PC (11 March 1932 – 3
April 2023) was a British Conservative politician. He was born in Hampstead, London, and was of Jewish descent.

He was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford, where he got a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics. He was a journalist during the 1960s. Lawson was a Member of Parliament from 1974-1992. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1983-1989. Lawson was made a life peer in 1992.

Lawson had six children. They are: Dominic (a journalist), Thomasina (who died of breast cancer), Nigella (a food writer), Horatia, Tom and Emily.

Lawson died on 3 April 2023, three weeks after his 91st birthday.

Andy Carroll

Andrew Thomas "Andy" Carroll (born 6 January 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for Newcastle United and for the England national team as a striker.

Carroll started his professional career with Newcastle United in 2006. He spent a small time on loan with Preston North End. He scored his first league goal there. He became as a regular in the Newcastle first team by 2008. When Newcastle got relegated from the Premier League to the Championship in 2009, he scored 17 goals in 39 appearances. Newcastle finished first in the Championship in that season. They earned automatic promotion back to the Premier League as a result. Caroll played for Newcastle in the Premier League again. He played 19 times and scored 11 goals.

Carroll signed for Liverpool on the last day of the transfer window on 31 January 2011. The transfer fee was £35 million. It was the highest amount ever paid by one club to another for a British footballer at that time. Carroll was bought to replace Fernando Torres. Torres had moved from Liverpool to Chelsea on the same day for a fee of £50 million. He suffered an injury in December. Therefore, he could not debut for Liverpool until March 2011. He scored his first two goals for his new club in April 2011 in a 3–0 victory over Manchester City. In August 2012, Liverpool agreed a £2 million loan deal with West Ham. It was a season-long loan. West Ham permanently signed him in June 2013. They paid a fee of £15 million.

Carroll started his youth career in Newcastle United. He scored some goals for the reserve team. He made his first-team debut on 2 November 2006. He was 17 years and 300 days old then. This was in a 1–0 UEFA Cup win over Palermo. He came on as a late substitute for Nolberto Solano. In doing so, he became the youngest ever player to represent Newcastle in Europe.

He made his FA Cup debut on 17 January 2007. Here too, he appeared as substitute for the last ten minutes. Birmingham City beat Newcastle 5-1 in that match. On 25 February 2007, Carroll made his Premier League debut for Newcastle. He came on as a substitute in the 87th minute in the 1–0 defeat by Wigan Athletic. He had a shot on target in this match. A good save from Wigan goalkeeper John Filan prevented him from scoring his first Newcastle goal.

In 2007, he was the recipient of the "Wor Jackie Milburn Trophy". This is awarded every year to the rising star of North East England football.

On 29 July 2007, Carroll scored his first senior goal in a 2–0 win over Juventus. This was a friendly match. He scored the goal with his left foot. After the game, Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon praised Carroll. Buffon said Carroll had a great future.

On 14 August 2007, Carroll began a six-month loan with Preston North End. He made his debut for them in the League Cup against Morecambe on the same day. Carroll was sent off playing for Preston against Scunthorpe United on 18 September. He scored his first Championship goal, and his first English league goal, against Leicester City on 6 November.

Carroll made his first appearance for Newcastle in the 2008–09 season on 20 October. He came on as a substitute for Shola Ameobi at home to Manchester City. Carroll was in the starting team against West Ham United at home on 10 January 2009. He scored his first goal at home in this match. It was a header. The match ended as a 2-2 draw. He signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract on 12 March 2009. His contract at Newcastle now ended in 2012.

Newcastle got relegated that season. First team strikers, Michael Owen, Mark Viduka and Obafemi Martins left the club. Carroll joined Shola Ameobi in attack for Newcastle at the start of the new season. His first league goal in the Championship came on 16 September 2009 against Blackpool with a header. By 2010 Carroll was playing almost every game. He had a new strike partner, Peter Løvenkrands. These two players scored more than half of the club's goals in 2010. Carroll finished the season as Newcastle's top scorer. He had 19 goals in all competitions. 17 were in the league, 2 in cup games.

Carroll was given squad number 9 for the 2010–11 season. This number is important for Newcastle United supporters. Great strikers like Jackie Milburn, Malcolm Macdonald and Alan Shearer have worn this squad number for Newcastle. Carroll scored his first career hat-trick against Aston Villa in the their 6–0 win in the Premier League on 22 August 2010. Carroll came on as a substitute for Kevin Nolan against Manchester City. He captained the team for the first time in this match. In October 2010, Carroll signed a new five-year contract. His contract lasted till 2015. Carroll scored Newcastle's third goal in a 3–1 victory over Liverpool at St. James' Park on 11 December 2010. It was a shot from 25-yards out. The shot was a low drive.

On 31 January 2011, Liverpool bid £30 million for Carroll. This was rejected. Newcastle then accepted a bid of £35 million. Carroll passed a medical and signed a contract soon. The transfer was completed shortly before the 11.00pm deadline. Carroll said he had been forced to leave Newcastle. But the club said he had requested a transfer after they turned down Liverpool's £30 million bid. Liverpool confirmed that Carroll would wear the number 9 jersey. This was previously worn by Fernando Torres, who left Anfield for Chelsea on the same evening for £50 million. The transfer made Carroll the eighth overall most expensive footballer at the time. He was the most expensive British footballer of all time. He also became the second most expensive footballer playing for a British club, after Torres. Carroll had suffered an injury while with Newcastle United. Therefore, Liverpool announded Carroll would have to wait some time before his debut.

He finally made his Liverpool debut as a substitute in the 3–1 win against Manchester United on 6 March 2011. On 10 March, he appeared in his first European game for Liverpool. Liverpool lost the match 1-0 to Braga in the Europa League. Carroll came as a substitute after half-time. In the return leg a week later, he made his first Liverpool start. The game finished 0–0. Liverpool left the competition because they had lost 1-0 on aggregate. On 20 March, he made his first Premier League start for Liverpool against Sunderland. He did not score. Liverpool won the game 2-0. On 11 April, Carroll scored his first goals for Liverpool. This was in a 3–0 victory against Manchester City at Anfield. His first goal was from long-range. His second was a header. He played several more times that season. But, he did not score any more goals.

On 24 August 2011, he scored his first goal of the new season. He scored it 20-yards from the goal. The match was against Exeter City. He made the score 3–0 in the second round of the League Cup. On 1 October 2011, he scored his first goal of the 2011–12 Premier League during a 2–0 victory over Everton at Goodison Park. His third goal of the season was in a 2–0 win away at West Brom. He scored his first goal of 2012 in a 5–1 third-round FA Cup victory against Oldham Athletic. He assisted the Dirk Kuyt goal in the 88th minute against Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup on 28 January. As a result, Liverpool won the game. He scored his fifth goal of the season in a 3–0 victory away at Wolves on 31 January. This was on his first anniversary of joining the club. Liverpool won 6–1 against Brighton & Hove Albion in the fifth-round of the FA Cup. Carroll scored one goal and assisted one goal by Luis Suárez On 26 February, he won his first trophy with Liverpool as they won the League Cup. They beat Cardiff in the Final. On 10 April, he scored a goal from a header against Blackburn during injury-time Liverpool won the match. This ended Liverpool's run of four games without a win. Four days later, he headed in another late goal which won Liverpool the match. This time it was in a 2–1 victory against Everton in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Because of his goal, Liverpool qualified to the Final. This was his 50th match played for Liverpool. Carroll described his match-winning goal as "the best feeling ever". Team-mate Jamie Carragher said the goal was "worth £35 million in itself". He also that Carroll would "be remembered forever". Carroll also scored in the final, which Liverpool lost 2–1 to Chelsea.

On 30 August 2012, Carroll signed with West Ham. He was on a season-long loan. Liverpool wanted a clause in the deal which would make West Ham pay £17 million to bring him to the club permanently. But they had to remove it since West Ham did not agree. West Ham ultimately paid a £2 million loan arrangement fee. They also started paying all of Carroll's £80,000-a-week Liverpool wages.

Carroll made his debut on 1 September. He set-up (assisted) two goals in a 3–0 home win against Fulham. He scored his first goal on 25 November 2012. This was in a 3–1 away defeat against Tottenham Hotspur. Carroll was injured in November. He returned on 2 February 2013 againstSwansea City. He scored the only goal in that match. Carroll ended the loan spell with seven goals in 24 appearances.

On 21 May 2013, West Ham and Liverpool agreed a fee of around £15 million to make the loan move permanent Carroll agreed to the move and signed a six-year contract with West Ham on 19 June 2013. The fee was a club record.

Carroll started the 2013–14 season injured. He had a heel problem picked up in the final game of the last season. He made his first appearance of the season on 12 January 2014. He came on as a substitute in the 72nd minute of a 2–0 victory over Cardiff City. He assisted Mark Noble for West Ham's second goal.

On 1 February 2014, Carroll was sent off for being violent against Swansea City defender Chico Flores in West Ham's 2–0 win over the Welsh club. On 15 March, he scored his first Premier League goal of the season in a 3–1 defeat at Stoke City. On 31 March, he was named man of the match by Sky Sports for the way he played in a 2–1 win against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light. He scored one and assisted the other of West Ham's goals.

Carroll ended the 2013–14 Premier League season with only two goals from 18 appearances.

During a pre-season tour of New Zealand, Carroll sustained an ankle ligament injury. This meant he could not play in West Ham's first eleven Premier League matches. Carroll returned to the team on 8 November 2014. He came on as a substitute for Mark Noble in a 0–0 draw with Aston Villa.

Carroll was selected to start in the Hammers' next match. He played the full ninety minutes. West Ham lost the match 1-2 to Everton. On 7 December 2014, he scored his first two goals of the season. It was in a match against Swansea City. The Hammers won the match 3-1 at home. They were the first goals he scored at home since March 2013. On 20 December, Carroll scored the 50th league goal of his career. West Ham beat Leicester City 2-0.

On 11 September 2007, Carroll made his England under-19 debut against Belarus. He scored in the 4–0 victory. On 12 March 2009, Carroll was called up to the England U-20s for a match against Italy U-20s. He was withdrawn from the squad and replaced by Hal Robson-Kanu of Swindon Town.

Carroll received his first call up to the England U-21s on 5 August 2009. He made his debut on 11 August 2009 against Holland. He came on as a second-half substitute. His second match with the under-21 team was on 9 October 2009 against Macedonia U-21s. He scored two goals and assisted another. England won the match 6-3.

Because of Carroll's performances for Newcastle United, he was called up to the England squad for the friendly against France. This was on 17 November 2010. Carroll passed a late fitness test to start the match.
Carroll scored his first senior goal for England on 29 March 2011. He scored with a low drive from his left foot. The match was a friendly against Ghana which ended 1–1. On 15 May 2012, Carroll was selected in the squad for the 2012 European Championship. He scored the first goal for England against Sweden. The goal was from a header. England went on to win the match 3–2.

Carroll was often compared to Newcastle's record goalscorer Alan Shearer, Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba and former Italy forward Christian Vieri because of similar style of play. He has been called a classic centre forward. This is because of his strength, powerful shot and header. Former Newcastle manager and Liverpool player Kevin Keegan stated "he is probably in the top three headers of a ball I have ever seen in football". After Newcastle's 2–0 victory at home to Blackpool in September 2010, in which Carroll scored the second goal and helped in creating the first, Blackpool manager Ian Holloway described Carroll as "the best striker in the Premier League".

Carroll was born in Gateshead. He attended Brighton Avenue Primary School and Joseph Swan School.

Carroll is also a model for retail clothing company H&M. He has fronted a campaign led by fashion designer Alexander Wang. In November 2014, Carroll became engaged to reality TV star, Billi Mucklow. The couple live in Essex. In December 2014, it was announced that they are expecting their first child.

Carroll has been involved in many off-the-pitch incidents in his career. On 14 September 2008, he was arrested by police in Newcastle. He later accepted a police caution. On 7 December 2009, he was arrested in the aftermath of a nightclub fight, again in Newcastle, accused of smashing glass in a man's face. He was charged with assault and in October 2010. He pleaded guilty to common assault and was fined £1,000. He was also ordered to pay £2,500 compensation.

Whilst on international duty with England U-19s, Carroll and teammates Scott Sinclair and Ryan Bertrand were sent home from the squad. They broke a curfew on 14 October 2007 during preparation for a match against Romania U-19s.

In March 2010, Carroll was allegedly involved in an dispute with teammate Steven Taylor during training. Taylor was left with a broken jaw. Carroll was said to have suffered a broken hand in the incident. Soon after this, he was photographed at a pop concert with bandages to both hands. Newcastle manager Chris Hughton, club representatives and both players declined to comment any further on the incident. No charges were pressed.

On 18 October 2010, Carroll was charged with assault. This was in an incident with his ex-girlfriend. Carroll said he did it in self-defense. Carroll was granted bail on the condition that he resided with then Newcastle captain Kevin Nolan until the case resumed in January. The charges were later dropped due to lack of evidence. Two days following his bail, Carroll's car was set on fire whilst parked on Nolan's driveway. Obscene words were also written garage door of Nolan's house.

Following England's 1–1 draw with Ghana on 29 March 2011, England manager Fabio Capello told Carroll to reduce his drinking habits. Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish responded by saying "Well he's never bought me a drink. I've been with him at Boyzone concerts and he's still never bought me a drink!"

In an interview in April 2012, Carroll admitted that he had gained a reputation for drinking when Newcastle. He also said that since joining Liverpool in January 2011 he had "settled down" and changed his lifestyle.

Newcastle United

Liverpool

Individual


Aeronautical teaching certificate

The Aeronautical teaching certificate (CAEA) (in French "Certificat d'aptitude à l'enseignement aéronautique") is the French national degree needed to teach aviation to high school and university students.

It was created in 1999. The exam to earn the degree is in five subjects. These subject cover all of aeronautics.

Commission des titres d'ingénieur

The Commission des titres d'ingénieur (CTI) (in English "engineering accreditation institution") is the French administration that deals with accreditation of Master's degree in engineering schools (engineering "Grandes écoles"). It was created in 1934.


Frank Borman

Frank Frederick Borman II (March 14, 1928 – November 7, 2023) was an American astronaut and the commander of Apollo 8. He received a Bachelor of Science at West Point and a Master of Science in Aeronautical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology. Apollo 8 was the first mission to fly around the Moon. The other members of Apollo 8 were Jim Lovell and Bill Anders.

After leaving NASA, he was the chief executive officer (CEO) of Eastern Air Lines from 1975 to 1986. Borman was a recipient of the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.

Borman died on November 7, 2023 of a stroke in Billings, Montana at the age of 95.

William Anders

William Alison Anders (born October 17, 1933) is a former United States Air Force officer, NASA astronaut, businessman, and engineer. He is was a member of the Apollo 8 space mission. Anders, Frank Borman and Jim Lovell were the first astronauts to leave the orbit of the Earth and go to the Moon.

The crew took the first pictures taken of the earth from the Moon.

The Anders crater on the Moon is named in his honor.

He has a wife named Valerie E. Hoard. He has six children, Alan, Glen, Gregory, Eric, Gayle and Daina.

He was a fighter pilot and an air defence commander. He received a Bachelor of Science degree and a Master of Science degree in Nuclear Engineering. He graduated from Naval Academy. In 1964, NASA selected him as an astronaut with important responsibilities.

Anders was the U.S. Ambassador of Norway from 1976 until 1977.

Palazzo Pitti

Palazzo Pitti (in English sometimes called the Pitti Palace) is a palace in Florence, Italy. It is from the Renaissance period. The palace was bought by the Medici family in 1549. It became the main home of the ruling families of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. It was the centre of government for the 300 years that Tuscany was a monarchy. Later the palace was used as a base by Napoleon. During the Risorgimento, for a short time it was the royal palace of the newly united Italy.

The palace and its contents were given to the Italian people by King Victor Emmanuel III in 1919. Its doors were opened to the public as one of Florence's largest art galleries. It is the largest museum complex in Florence. It is divided into several main galleries or museums: the Palatine Gallery, the Royal Apartments, the Gallery of Modern Art, the Silver Museum, the Porcelain Museum, the Costume Gallery and the Carriages Museum.

Behind the Pitti palace there is the Boboli's Garden. It is a historical park visited every year by about 800,000 tourists. The park is famous for the beauty of the flowers and for the very old sculptures.

B.B. King

B.B. King (born Riley B. King; September 16, 1925 – May 14, 2015) was an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter. "Rolling Stone" magazine said that King was the third "Greatest Guitarist of All Time" in 2003.

He was born in Indianola, Mississippi. His father left the family and his mother was too poor to raise him, and so he came to his grandmother, Elnora Farr, in Kilmichael, Mississippi. There he sang in the gospel choir at Elkhorn Baptist Church. At the age of 15 he bought his first guitar. His idols were T-Bone Walker, but also jazz musicians like Charlie Christian and Django Reinhrad. 1943 he left the town and worked as a tractor driver. He performed on Sonny Boy Williamson's radio program on KWEM in West Memphis, Arkansas and reached a local audience with his sound. For this reason he got appearances in the Sixteenth Avenue Grill in West Memphis and later, a ten-minute spot on the Memphis radio station WDIA. This became so popular that it was expanded and became the "Sepia Swing Club." During his work for the radio station he got his nickname "Beale Street Blues Boy" which was later shortened to B.B.

In 1949, King began recording songs for RPM Records from Los Angeles. King formed his own band; the B.B. King Review, under the leadership of Millard Lee and went on tours.

In winter 1949 he played at a dance hall in Twist, Arkansas. The hall was heated by burning barrels filled with kerosine. During his performance two men started a fight knocking over one of them and the hall was burning. Outside he learned that he had left his guitar and he ran inside to get it. Next day he found out that the fight was started over a woman named Lucille. Since that time he named the guitar "Lucille."

In the 1950´s B.B. King became one of the most important blues musicians. He toured regularly. In 1956 he gave 352 concerts. Among his hits were "3 O'Clock Blues", "You Know I Love You," "Woke Up This Morning," "Please Love Me," "When My Heart Beats like a Hammer," "Whole Lotta Love," "You Upset Me Baby," "Every Day I Have the Blues", "Sneakin' Around," "Ten Long Years," "Bad Luck," "Sweet Little Angel", "On My Word of Honor," and "Please Accept My Love."

In the 1960 King lost importance for black listeners but could reach the white music fans. A lot of white guitarist like Eric Clapton named him as influence. King played at rock concerts and venues of the hippie culture like the Fillmore West. He also reached #15 in the US-popcharts with his title "The Thrill Is Gone". From the 1980s onward he had continued his career, appearing on numerous television shows and performing 300 nights a year. The title "When Love Comes To Town", which he performed together with the rock band U2 introduced him to a younger audience.

B.B. King was married two times. The marriages ended because of the burden of more than 200 concerts a year. It is reported that he is father of 15 children. He has lived with Type II diabetes for over twenty years and is a high-profile spokesman in the fight against the disease.

King died at the age of 89 in Las Vegas, Nevada on May 14, 2015 from complications of vascular dementia along with congestive heart failure and diabetic complications. On May 30, 2015, King's funeral was held at the Bell Grove Missionary Baptist Church in Indianola, Mississippi. He was buried at the museum.

B.B. King has made guest appearances in numerous popular television shows, including The Cosby Show, The Young and the Restless, General Hospital, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Sesame Street, Married... with Children, Sanford and Son, and Touched by an Angel. He has also made a cameo in the movie Spies Like Us. In the movie Blues Brothers 2000 he was the leader of The Louisiana Gator Boys, a bluessupergroup, which battles against the Blues Brothers.

He is the owner of a chain of restaurants with concert venues in the United States. The first was opened on Beale Street in Memphis 1991.


King was given a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987. As of 2009, he has won 15 Grammy Awards, of which ten have been the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album :in 2009 (for One Kind Favor), 2005 (B. B. King & Friends: 80), 2003 (for A Christmas Celebration of Hope), 2001 (for Riding with the King), 2000 (for Blues on the Bayou), 1994 (for Blues Summit), 1992 (for Live at the Apollo), 1991 (for Live at San Quentin), 1986 (for My Guitar Sings the Blues) and 1984 (for Blues 'N' Jazz).

Some important albums are:
On DVD:
For a complete discographie visit MusicBrainz.



Atlas cedar

The Atlas cedar ("Cedrus atlantica") is a large coniferous tree of the cedrus genus and is native to the Atlas Mountains of North Africa. It is conical in shape when younger and is a more open shape when mature. It grows to 40m in height. The bark is silvery grey with deep cracks. The leaves of the Atlas cedar are 2.5 cm long, pointed, usually 4 sided and dark green to glaucous blue in colour. The female cones are 6–10 cm long, barrel-shaped, green when young, becoming brown as they mature.

Cedrus libani

Cedrus libani, the cedar of Lebanon or the Lebanese cedar is a large coniferous tree of the "cedrus" genus, it is native to the eastern Mediterranean Sea from Lebanon to Turkey. The tree grows to a maximum height of 40m and 10m wide, with a trunk of 2.5m covered in thick, scaly, black, grey-brown bark. When young it is conical in shape but as it matures it becomes flatter on top and more open in structure. The pointed, needle-shaped leaves are glaucous-blue to dark green in colour, 4 sided and about 2.5 cm long. The female cones are a dullish green when young, maturing to brown, 6–10 cm long and barrel-shaped.

The Cedar of Lebanon has great landscaping value and is widely planted in park and large gardens.

Erykah Badu

Erica Abi Wright (born February 26, 1971), better known by her stage name Erykah Badu (), is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and actress. She rose to fame in 1997 when she released her critically well liked first album, "Baduizm". For this album she received two Grammy Awards. Badu has won a total of four Grammy Awards out of nineteen nominations. Her songs include parts from R&B, hip hop and jazz. Badu is best known for her role in the rise of the neo soul sub-genre, and for her eccentric, creative musical stylings and sense of fashion. She is known as the "Queen of Neo-Soul".

Badu has three children.




Kara Tointon

Kara Louise Tointon (born 5 August 1983) is a British actress. She was born and raised in Essex. She is best known for her role from 2005-2009 as Dawn Swann in "EastEnders". She and Artem Chigvintsev won the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". Her younger sister Hannah is also an actress.


Army Cadet Force

The Army Cadet Force (ACF) is a youth organisation in the United Kingdom where members train in military skills.

It was founded in 1859, and had its official 150th birthday in 2010, marked by the Cadet 150 celebrations.

The ACF gives a lot of youth in the UK an ability to change their lives with the opportunities it offers for little money. The ACF offers many activities such as the Summer Mountain Foundation Course (SMF). A lot of these skills can be used in both civilian and military life.

In the Army Cadets, cadets will progress through a rank structure which will improve the cadets’ team work and leadership skills while they are under pressure.

In the summer the ACF offers the opportunity for cadets to attend Annual Camp. On Annual Camp cadets will take part in hiking, fieldcraft and combat training exercises among many more activities.

Cantor set

The Cantor set is a subset of real numbers with certain properties that are interesting to mathematicians. These properties relate to topology, measurement, geometry, as well as set theory. Some of them are:
The set is named after Georg Cantor. Henry John Stephen Smith discovered it in 1875, and Cantor first described it in 1883.

The set is made by starting with a line segment and repeatedly removing the middle third. The Cantor set is the (infinite) set of points left over. The Cantor set is "more infinite" than the set of natural numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). This property is called uncountability. It is related to the Smith–Volterra–Cantor set and the Menger Sponge. The Cantor set is self-similar.

Kisarazu Air Field

The air field is north northwest of Kisarazu, Chiba Prefecture. Private charter jets also use the airport 

JGSDF Kisarazu is home to the JGSDF 1st Helicopter Brigade. These forces are part of the Central Readiness Force. 

The immediate JGSDF response to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami included helicopters from the 1st Helicopter Unit.

After the Fukushima nuclear disaster, helicopters from Kisarazu sprayed seawater from above the plant onto the damaged reactor.

Kisarazu Air Field was originally established in 1936 as a base for the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service in the Yokosuka Naval District.

After the end of World War II, the base was used by the United States Air Force (USAF) as "Kisarazu Air Base".

In 1955, the runway was expanded to multiple jet bomber operational length. 

In 1956, control of the base was officially transferred to the Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF). Some USAF units remained.

By the 1960s, the US only used Kisarazu to repair United States Navy jets stationed on aircraft carriers in the Pacific. The US military units at this air field were withdrawn. 

In 1968, the JASDF relocated to Iruma Air Base, and Kisarazu was transferred to JGSDF.


Lucretius

Titus Lucretius Carus (ca. 98 BC – ca. 55 BC) was a Roman poet and philosopher. He is known for "De rerum natura" (in English:"On the Nature of the Universe"). It is an epic philosophical work about the beliefs of Epicureanism.

There are not any details about his life. Saint Jerome tells of how he became insane because of a love potion and wrote his poetry in between fits of insanity. Modern scholarship thinks this was just used to explain how he behaved. The "De rerum natura" had a large affect on the Augustan poets, including Virgil and Horace. The work were lost for a time. It was later found in a monastery in Germany. This work played an important part both in the development of atomism and in the efforts of many people of the Enlightenment era to build a new Christian humanism.

Robert Wilson

Robert Woodrow Wilson (born 10 January 1936) is an American Nobel Prize-winning astronomer. He found part of the cosmic microwave background radiation in 1964. He was working at the Bell Telephone Laboratories in New Jersey on an antenna with Arno Penzias. This antenna picked up any background 'noise' they could not get rid of. Their findings were justified by others predictions. Fourteen years later, they won the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery.

Philip Jaisohn

Philip Jaisohn (7 January 1864 – 5 January 1951) was a Korean doctor, surgeon, journalist, politician and educator. His Korean name was Seo Jae-pil ().

Seo Jae-Pil was born as the second son of a local magistrate, and was raised by one of his relatives in Seoul. When Seo Jae-Pil was a teenager, he already imbued modern political ideas in association with reformist leader Kim Okgyun.

He passed the civil service exam at the age of 18, one of the youngest persons to ever pass this exam, and became a junior officer in 1882. In the following year, he was sent to Japan where he studied both at the Keio Gijuku (the forerunner of the Keio University) and the Toyama Army Academy.

In 1884, Seo Jae-Pil, following Kim Okgyun, was involved in the Kapsin Coup, a radical attempt to overturn the old regime and establish equality among people. He was appointed the Vice-Minister of Defense. The coup was aborted in three days, as China intervened by sending military troops. Convicted of treason, Seo Jae-Pil lost his whole family and had to flee Korea to save his life.

In the United States, Seo Jae-Pil attended the Harry Hillman Academy (Wilkes-Barre, PA) thanks to the help of John Welles Hollenback. He began to use the name "Philip Jaisohn" at that time. In 1890, he became the first Korean-American to acquire United States citizenship. He studied medicine at George Washington University, and was the first Korean to receive an American medical degree in 1892.

In 1894, he married Muriel Armstrong, a niece of the former president of the United States, James Buchanan, and daughter to the U.S. Postmaster General, and had two daughters later—Stephanie and Muriel.

In 1894, Japan defeated China in the war which occurred in the Korean Peninsula, and Korean cabinet was filled with reformists. Along with these political changes, the treason of the Kapsin Coup were pardoned enabling Jaisohn's return (1895). In Korea, he endeavored to politically educate people. Most of all, Jaisohn published a newspaper, "The Independent" (독립신문), to transform Korean people into an informed citizenry. He for the first time started to print his newspaper entirely in Korean language!Asian to extend readership to lower classes and women. He promoted national independence as the principal political ideal and emphasized neutral diplomatic approaches to protect Korea from China, Russia and Japan. He also underscored the importance of public education, modernized industry and public hygienes. The Independence was particularly critical of misconducts of government officials, which brought wide reactions from the conservatives. Under the aegis of the Independence Club, Jaisohn organized the All People's Congress, an open public forum to debate over political issues. The Congress was hailed by young reformers and began to establish nationwide chapters. In 1898, conservatives accused Jaisohn and the Club of seeking to replace the monarchy with a republic, and the Korean government requested Jaisohn to return to the US. After his return, Korean government ordered the club to disband and arrested 17 leaders including Rhee Syngman.

In the United States, Jaisohn conducted medical research at the University of Pennsylvania and later became a successful printer and stationer in Philadelphia. As he heard the news of the March First Movement (1919), a nationwide protest against ruthless Japanese rule in Korea, Jaisohn convened the First Korean Congress which was held in Philadelphia for three days. After the Congress, Jaisohn devoted his energies and private properties for the freedom of Korea. He organized the League of Friends of Korea in 26 cities with the help of Rev. Floyd Tomkins, and established the Korean Information Bureau and published a political journal Korea Review to inform the American public of Korean situations and to persuade the US government to support the freedom for Koreans.

Five years later (1924), Jaisohn went legally bankrupt due to his political engagement and had to resume medical profession to make a living. At age 62, he became a student again at the University of Pennsylvania to renew his medical knowledge. Since then, he published five research articles in the medical journals specialized in pathology. During World War II, he volunteered as a physical examination officer with the belief that the victory of the U.S. would bring freedom to Korea.

Jaisohn returned to Korea once again after Japan's defeat in the World War II. The U.S. Military Government which was in control of the southern part of Korea invited him to serve as the chief advisor. As the date of the first presidential election was confirmed by the United Nations, Jaisohn was petitioned to run for presidency by 3,000 people including young Kim Dae Jung, but he refused in the end. Jaisohn felt that political unity was needed for a new nation despite his uneasy relationship with the president elect Syngman Rhee. He decided to return to the United States in 1948 and died in 1951 during the Korean War.




Bruce Forsyth

Sir Bruce Joseph Forsyth-Johnson (22 February 1928 – 18 August 2017) was an English television personality, actor and dancer. He has presented "Sunday Night at the London Palladium", "Play Your Cards Right", "The Generation Game", "You Bet?" and "The Price Is Right". He presented "Strictly Come Dancing" from 2004 to 2013.

Forsyth was born in Edmonton, Middlesex. He was educated at The Latymer School.

In 2008 he was awarded the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. He received a Royal Television Society Lifetime Achievement Award on 17 March 2009. On 26 January 2011 he received the National Television Awards special recognition award.

From 1953 to 1973, Forsyth was married to Penny Calvert. They had three daughters: Debbie, Julie and Laura. According to his autobiography, he dated Miss World 1964 Ann Sidney during her reign. In a 2009 interview, Kathy Kirby said she was Forsyth's lover and that he proposed marriage. From 1973 to 1979, he was married to Anthea Redfern, who was the hostess on "The Generation Game". They had two daughters: Charlotte and Louisa. He fell in love with his fellow judge, Wilnelia Merced, at the 1980 Miss World competition. They married in 1983, and had one son together, Jonathan Joseph Forsyth Johnson (born 1987). By his six children, he had eight grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.

On 18 August 2017, Forsyth died at his home in Surrey, England of complications of bronchopneumonia, aged 89.

London Heliport

London Heliport at Battersea, London is the capital's main and busiest heliport. 

It is on the south bank of the River Thames, 3 nautical miles (3.5 miles or 5.6 km) southwest of Westminster Bridge and the Palace of Westminster. It is on a jetty between Wandsworth Bridge and Battersea Railway Bridge. The nearest railway station is Clapham Junction, and the nearest tube station is Fulham Broadway.

The heliport, once owned by Westland and then Harrods, is a very small site. It uses a concrete surface on a jetty as a helipad for take-off and landing. There is onshore parking for between three and four aircraft, usually just the smaller helicopters. The heliport has landing, parking and refuelling services between 08:00 and 21:00. Flights are permitted between 07:00 and 23:00. 

In 2012 it was bought by the Reuben Brothers, for £35 million. In 2016, the heliport's official name became the NetJets London Heliport, after the private jet company signed a branding deal with the owners.

The nearest main line railway station is and the nearest London Underground station is .

Bioleaching

Bioleaching is getting metals from their ores by using living organisms. This is much cleaner than the traditional method using cyanide. Bioleaching is one of several methods used to recover copper, zinc, lead, arsenic, antimony, nickel, molybdenum, gold, silver, and cobalt. 

Bioleaching uses certain types of bacteria to produce a solution called a "leachate". By leaving these bacteria with a low-grade metal ore, they can produce leachates which have a compound of that metal. Because this is in a solution it can be used in electrolysis to make the pure metal. This only produces small amounts each time, and is repeated to make it economically viable.

Francesco Guicciardini

Francesco Guicciardini (March 6, 1483 – May 22, 1540) was an Italian historian and statesman. He is considered one of the major political writers of the Italian Renaissance and the Father of Modern History. He was a friend and critic of Niccolò Machiavelli.

His family was illustrious and noble; after the usual education of a boy in grammar and elementary classical studies, his father, Piero, sent him to the universities of Ferrara and Padua, where he stayed until the year 1505. In 1512, he went to the court of the King of Aragon, Ferdinand the Catholic as ambassador.

In 1515 he became working for the Pope Leo X, who made him governor of Reggio Emilia in 1516 and of Modena in 1517.


Cyprus cedar

The Cyprus cedar ("Cedrus brevifolia") is a large coniferous member of the "cedrus" genus and is native to Cyprus where it grows in the Troödos Mountains. It is thought by some experts to be either a variety or a subspecies of the Cedar of Lebanon.

It grows to 25m in height and up to 12m in width. When young it has a conical shape but as it matures it becomes broader with a flattened top. It has bark that is silvery-grey, becoming thickened, with deep cracks as the tree ages. The needle-shaped leaves are grey-green to mid-green, but sometimes bluish-green and they are attached singly to long shoots and in dense cluster of 20-30 on short shoots. The cones are cylindrical, 7–10 cm long and green when young but maturing to a pale brown when they shed their scales and winged seeds.

Glaucous

Glaucous is a color that is bluish-green or bluish-grey. In botany it refers to a pale bluish waxy or powdery layer on a surface such as a leaf or a fruit. In birds it refers to a pale bluish grey color of the feathers, legs or some other part of the bird.

"Glaucous" appears in the name of some plants and birds. For example, - Glaucous Gull, "(Larus glaucescens)" or Glaucous Macaw, "(Anodorhynchus glaucus)". In botany there is the Glaucous Sedge, "(Carex flacca)" and the Glaucous Michelmas Daisy, "(Symphyotrichum laeve)".

Often grapes, plums and other fruit have a glaucous waxy or powdery layer on the surface of their skin. That layer protects the fruit from water. It can be easily rubbed off.

Cliff Richard

Sir Cliff Richard (born Harry Rodger Webb; 14 October 1940) is a British singer, musician and actor. He is the only male solo artist to have had number one singles in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. His most recent album, "Music... The Air That I Breathe" was released in 2020.

Richard was born in Lucknow, India. In 1940, he and his British parents moved from India to England, first moving to Carshalton, Surrey, then to Waltham Cross, followed by Cheshunt, both in Hertfordshire.

Richard began his music career in 1958 and is still performing. His name Richard comes from Little Richard. His backing group are The Shadows. He performed the United Kingdom entry at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1968 and in 1973.

In 1980 Richard was given an OBE. In 1995, he became a Knight. This means that he has a 'Sir' in front of his name. A person is given a Knighthood by The Queen.

Between 1960 and 1963 Richard presented "The Cliff Richard Show".

In 2008 a book that he wrote about his life so far, "My Life My Way" was published. It was also released as an audiobook.

Richard is a devout Christian.

In August 2013, Richard's Berkshire home was searched by police over a claim of sexual assault on a boy aged under 16 in 1985. He was not arrested or charged.


Guido Cavalcanti

Guido Cavalcanti (1259 – August 1300) was an Italian poet from Florence. He was the best friend of Dante Alighieri as well as an influence on his thinking. Cavalcanti is one of the most important poets of Dolce stil novo, and he is widely regarded as the first major poet of Italian literature.
Cavalcanti was born into a noble Guelph family; his father was Cavalcante de Cavalcanti. In 1267 he got married to Bice, daughter of Farinata degli Uberti, leader of the Florentine Ghibellines. In 1284 he became a member of the general council, together with Brunetto Latini and Dino Compagni. On June 24 1300 he was exiled, so he went to Sarzana. On August 19 of the same year he could return in Florence, but he died after a few days, on August 29.

Guido Cavalcanti wrote sonnets and ballads. Only fifty two poems by the poet are known today. Hist best works are the canzone "Donna mi prega" ("A lady asks me"), the ballad "I' prego voi che di dolor parlate" ("I ask you that speak about suffering") and the sonnet "L’anima mia vilment’ è sbigotita" ("My soul is in distress").

Cavalcanti's poems were translated into English by Dante Gabriel Rossetti, Ezra Pound and A.S. Kline.



Kadena Air Base

The military base is in the towns of Kadena and Chatan and the city of Okinawa in Okinawa Prefecture.

During the invasion of Okinawa in 1945, the airport was bombed by the US. The damage was repaired and it became a US air base. 

The American air base on this Japanese island is controversial.



Suruga Province

Suruga had borders with Izu, Kai, Sagami, Shinano, and Tōtōmi provinces. The province had access to the Pacific Ocean at Suruga Bay.

Suruga was one of the original provinces of Japan. It was established in the Nara period as part of the Taihō Code reforms. 

During the Kamakura period, Suruga was controlled by the Hōjō clan.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Suruga.
Tokugawa Ieyasu lived in Sumpu Castle in Suruga when he retired from the role of Shōgun. He died at Sunpu. 

During the Edo period, the chief shogunate official in Sumpu was the "Sunpu jōdai".

After the Meiji Restoration of 1868, the last Tokugawa Shōgun, Tokugawa Yoshinobu retired to Suruga.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s. Being located near Mt. Fuji made Suruga a popular place to make maps during the Meiji period.

"Sengen jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Suruga. 


The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey

The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a 2012 epic fantasy and adventure movie. It is the first part of the Hobbit trilogy.

The movie took in over $1 billion overall. The film was followed in 2013 by "" and in 2014 by "".

The film stars Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman, Lee Pace, Adam Brown, and other casts. Luke Evans, Stephen Fry and Orlando Bloom does not appear in the first film.

Bilbo Baggins gets a request from Gandalf to go on a journey. Later that night, a group of dwarves visited Bilbo's house.


The Hobbit (movie series)

The Hobbit is a three-part fantasy movie. These parts are "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" (2012), "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" (2013) and "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies" (2014). The movies are based on J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Hobbit". The film series stars Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Luke Evans, Lee Pace, Stephen Fry, Orlando Bloom and other.



Variety (botany)

In botany, variety is a rank (like species or subspecies) or a taxon in that rank. Like a subspecies, a variety gets a three-part name (a trinomial); such a variety name will include the name of the species and the variety epithet. The term "variety" is often shortened to "var." Some examples of this use are:

A variety is a plant that is different in some way, and continues to be different, from the rest of the species but is not different enough for it to be classified as a new species or as a sub-species. This difference will usually be bigger than those of a form; a form will have one or more small differences, for example, different coloured flowers, lack of thorns, variegation or different coloured leaves. These variations come about by natural evolutionary process to which most plants are subject. However, a taxonomist can use their own judgement as to at what rank they want to recognize a different plant. What one taxonomist will call a variety, another will call just a form, or will decide not to recognize as being distinct.

Different varieties of a species will be able to breed together if given the opportunity (just like subspecies, and forms, or for that matter many species).

A variety is not to be confused with a cultivar, which is something else entirely. The name of a cultivar can be recognized because it includes an epithet that is written with initial capital letters, in a different font and is set in single quote marks as shown in these examples:


Boris Godunov

Boris Fyodorovich Godunov (, c. 1551 – ) was a famous tsar (emperor) of Russia. He ruled as a regent from about 1585 to 1598 and then as tsar from 1598 to 1605. In many ways he was a good tsar, but he had not inherited the throne. He became more and more anxious that a pretender would come who would claim to be Dmitri, the son of the previous tsar, Ivan IV (Ivan the Terrible) and try to get the throne. Dmitri had actually been murdered. The story of Boris Godunov is told in Pushkin’s play "Boris Godunov" and in Mussorgsky’s opera "Boris Godunov", but the story told by Pushkin and Mussorgsky is probably not exactly how it really happened. Both Pushkin and Mussorgsky had read a book on Russian history written by the court historian Karamzin, written in 1803. Karamzin describes Godunov as a powerful tsar who was also a weak human being, but he changed some historical facts to fit in with this theory.

Boris came from a boyar family (i.e. they belonged to the nobility). His parents were dead and he was brought up at the court of the Tsar in Moscow. The Tsar who ruled was Ivan IV, known as Ivan the Terrible who really was a very cruel ruler. He ruled for more than 50 years. Boris was very close to the royal family. One of the Tsar’s sons, Fyodor, who was not very intelligent. He married Irina, the sister of Boris. The Tsar killed his eldest son. When the Tsar died he had a son Dmitry who was only two years old. Dmitri was not allowed to become tsar, because he was the son of Ivan’s 7th marriage, and the rules of the Russian Orthodox Church were that no one should be allowed to marry more than three times (of course, no one had dared to try to stop Ivan from all those marriages). So Fyodor became Tsar Fyodor I. He was not bright enough to rule himself. We would probably say that he was mentally disabled, or that he had “learning difficulties”. Boris therefore became regent: he ruled for him. Some boyars were against Boris, but Boris somehow managed to silence them. In some ways Boris did a good job. He made Russia a safer place, fighting back the Tatars in the south and making strong contacts with Europe. He built towns and fortresses, made sure that Western Siberia was firmly under Moscow’s control, and made the head of the Muscovite Church a patriarch. In 1598 Fyodor died and Irina should have become Tsarina, but she refused and went to live in a convent. The boyars voted for Boris to become Tsar.

At first everything went well, but in 1601-1603 the harvest was bad and many poor people starved. The people became angry with the Tsar, because he had made very strict rules which took away the rights of the serfs (most of the poor people were serfs). There were still several royal families in Russia. They started to plot against Boris because they saw him as a threat to themselves. Boris got lots of spies to watch these families. He accused the families of treason and sent some of them to Siberia or to monasteries in the north or Russia. One of these families were the Romanovs who were later to produce a long line of tsars.

While this crisis was happening a young man called Grigory Otrepev arrived. He was a pretender. He said that he was Dmitry, Ivan’s youngest son who had been murdered in 1591. At the time people had said that it was an accident, caused by the boy’s epilepsy. But some people thought that Boris had murdered him (or ordered him to be murdered) so that he himself could become Tsar. The pretender said that he had actually escaped from the people who were trying to murder him. The pretender got lots of people on his side, including Poles and Cossacks. He marched towards Moscow. Boris’s armies tried to stop them, but then Boris died suddenly. Dmitri (as he called himself) was able to march into Moscow and (falsely) claim the throne.

A period of chaos followed in Russia with many deaths and changes of rulers. This lasted until Micael Romanov was chosen as Tsar in 1613.

It is now thought that the Romanov family made up evidence to make things looks as if Boris Godunov had been guilty of the murder of Ivan’s son. Karamzin, who later wrote a history of Russia, made it look as if it were true that Boris had murdered him. When Pushkin wrote his play "Boris Godunov" he followed Karamzin’s version of the story and this is also the story as told in Mussorgsky’s opera "Boris Godunov".


Iced tea

Iced tea (also known as ice tea) is cold tea (drink) usually served in a glass with ice. 

Sometimes, sugar is added to iced tea. This is sometimes called "sweet tea". Sometimes, fruit flavors like lemon, peach, or raspberry are added to the tea.

Many kinds of iced tea can be bought in bottles or cans. 

Walt Whitman

Walter "Walt" Whitman (May 31, 1819 – March 26, 1892) was an American poet, essayist and journalist. He was an important American poet of the 19th century.

His most famous collection of poems is "Leaves of Grass", which was first published in 1855 with his own money. The work was an attempt at reaching out to the common person. Whitman kept adding to this book right up until he died of pneumonia, in 1892. It was controversial because readers thought it was obscene. It included some sexuality.

Whitman was either bisexual or homosexual. However, there is disagreement about whether Whitman had actual sexual experiences with men.

Whitman was deeply influenced by deism. He denied any one faith was more important than another, and embraced all religions equally.

Whitman first tried writing in many different popular genres. In 1850, he began writing "Leaves of Grass", a collection of poetry which he would continue working on until his death. Whitman wanted to write an epic that was clearly American, using free verse. At the end of June 1855, Whitman surprised his brothers with the first copies of "Leaves of Grass". His brother George "didn't think it worth reading".
Whitman paid for the publication of the first version of "Leaves of Grass" himself and had it printed at a local print shop. A total of 795 copies were printed. The first page was an image of Whitman, but he doesn't write his name until 500 lines into the body of the text. Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote a kind five-page letter to Whitman and praised the book to friends. The first edition of "Leaves of Grass" was very popular, but was some people didn't like the "obscene" or offensive parts of the poetry.

In the months after the first edition of "Leaves of Grass", people became more upset about the sexual themes. Because of this, the publisher almost did not release the second edition. In 1856, 20 new poems were added. Different versions of "Leaves of Grass" continued to be published throughout the rest of Whitman's life. Many famous writers like Amos Bronson Alcott and Henry David Thoreau liked the work enough to visit Whitman.

Boyar

A boyar was a member of the ruling nobility in medieval Russia and some other Slavic countries such as Bulgaria. The boyars held the most important jobs in the army. They met in a group called the duma and gave advice to the ruling prince or, in later times, the tsar. In the 13th and 14th centuries they were rich landowners who could advise the prince, but they were free to go and work for another prince if they wanted to.

In Moscow from the 15th to the 17th centuries they were a closely bonded aristocracy. There were about 200 boyar families. Their ancestors were former princes, or Moscow boyar families or foreign aristocrats. They were not nobility in the European sense. Many of them had bad manners and not many of them could read. They did not travel, and they were suspicious of anything foreign

In the 17th century they started to lose power. In the early 18th century Tsar Peter the Great abolished the title of boyar.

Pretender

A pretender is someone who says that he or she has the right to be ruler. The word is often used to describe someone who claims that they have the right to be king, queen, emperor etc. They claim that the ruler who is on the throne should not be there. 

Sometimes people call such a person a "claimant". The person may be an imposter (someone who is pretending to be someone else). Often they are pretending to be a prince or other royal person who is missing or whom people think is dead. However, they may have a genuine right to the throne. The word "pretend" comes from the French word "prétendre" (from the Latin "praetendo" lit. "to stretch out before"). It means: to profess, to make a loud statement. In modern English the word "pretend" means "to claim falsely".


Native American mythology

Native American mythology is the body of traditional stories associated with Native American religion.

Low Earth orbit

A low Earth orbit (LEO) is usually described as an orbit inside the area which comes from the Earth’s surface up to an altitude of . Other definitions use other numbers such as orbital eccentricity and orbital period. Satellites in LEO go around the Earth many times per day. 

Satellites are put in low Earth orbit if the things they do must be done in outer space but need not be far away. Some satellites are in LEO to photograph the Earth, for example some weather satellites and Earth resource satellites. Most space telescopes are in LEO since they only have to be above the Earth's atmosphere. The International Space Station is in LEO. 

Bornu Empire

The Bornu Empire (1380-1893) was an African state of Nigeria from 1380 to 1893.

Tōtōmi Province

The province had borders with Mikawa, Suruga and Shinano Provinces. 

Tōtōmi was one of the original provinces of Japan established in the Nara period under the Taihō Code. 

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between Kyoto and Edo. The road passed through Tōtōmi.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Oguni jinja" and "Kotonomamahachimangū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Tōtōmi.



Altitude

"Altitude" means height above the ground or above the sea level. Common uses include aviation (flying, parachuting, gliding), and geography/surveying. In geometry it is also used as the height of the object itself. Generally, altitude is the distance one thing is above another thing. This is in the vertical or "up" direction. For the height of the ground (such as for hills and mountains), the word elevation is also used and might be a better choice. (Mountain climbers usually use the word altitude, especially when talking about how it affects the body). Buildings and other things on the ground usually just use the word height.

Vertical distance measurements in the "down" direction are commonly referred to as depth.

In aviation, the altitude can be measured and shown in several different ways. The height is either from the average sea level (also called "Mean Sea Level" or MSL), or from the ground (also called "Above Ground Level", or AGL).

Airplanes can find their altitude by using air pressure. The air gets thinner the higher it is (and it has less pressure, because there's less air pushing down on it from above). This pressure can be measured and this can be converted into a height above sea level. The instrument for measuring altitude is the altimeter (from "altitude" and "meter"). The common pressure altimeter is a type of barometer with a dial showing distance (feet or metres) instead of atmospheric pressure.

There are several types of aviation altitude.

In simple terms, these types of altitude can be explained as ways of measuring the altitude:

The density of the air also affects how well an aircraft works. Density altitude is affected by barometric pressure, humidity and temperature. On a very hot day, density altitude at an airport (especially one at a high elevation) may be so high that aircraft can not take-off. This most often affects helicopters or an aircraft that is carrying a large amount of cargo.

The Earth's atmosphere is divided into several regions, based on altitude. The regions have different temperatures and winds and what things are in it. The regions are:

Regions on the surface of the Earth or in its atmosphere that are high above mean sea level are said to be high altitude. High altitude is often said to begin at above sea level.

At high altitude, atmospheric pressure is lower than that at sea level. This is because of two effects. These effects are gravity and the heat in the air. Gravity makes the air to be as close as possible to the ground. The amount of heat in the air makes the molecules move quickly and push against each other. This makes the air expand. So most of the air will be in the lower atmosphere, closer to sea level, and all the air pushing against each other is called air pressure. So air pressure is less the higher you go. 

As the air expands from heat, it rises to where the air pressure is less. As it rises, it can expand and it begins to cool. Because of this, high altitude air is cold. This causes an alpine climate. This climate affects the ecology at high altitude.

Altitudes above start to affect humans. Humans cannot live in very high altitudes above . Atmospheric pressure decreases at high altitudes. This affects humans because there is less oxygen to breathe. This can cause illnesses such as altitude sickness, high altitude pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs), and high altitude cerebral edema (fluid in the brain, causing headaches and confusion). 

The human body can deal with high altitude by breathing faster, having a higher heart rate, and changing the blood itself to have more red blood cells that can carry oxygen. This can take days or weeks to happen. This works for people who live in the high mountains, and mountain climbers. For climbers, this is called "acclimatization". Pilots and other people who go quickly to high altitudes need to be in a space suit, pressure suit, or inside a pressurized airplane, so the air is still the same as at the ground. Above , the human body cannot make the needed changes and will eventually die. Several of the world's tallest mountains are this high, the climbers usually take oxygen tanks with them, and only stay for a few hours at the highest levels.

People living at higher elevations have a higher rate of suicide. The reason is not yet known. 


Focus city

In the airline industry, a focus city is an airport that is important to one airline but is not a hub. An airline has daily flights from the Focus city to many destinations that are also not its hubs. Even though the word ""city"" is part of this term, it means a city's airport, not the city. 

An example of an airline's focus city is US Airways (now part of American Airlines) at Washington National Airport in Arlington, Virginia. Focus city airports can have some of the same facilities that hubs have. For example, the airline may repair or clean their aircraft at a focus city because it is cheaper. They might also have places and equipment to handle cargo.

Many low-cost carriers that mostly fly point-to-point use focus cities more than hubs. Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Allegiant Air and WestJet in the Americas, and Ryanair, EasyJet, Norwegian Air Shuttle and Wizz Air in Europe are examples.


Standing wave

In physics, a standing wave – also called a stationary wave – is a wave that oscillates in one constant position.

The word oscillate simply describes the vibrating movement of particles in a medium when acted upon by a wave, or the regular "up and down" motion shown in the animation. Oppositely to a progressive (moving) wave, stationary waves do not transfer energy in a given direction when they oscillate.

When a guitar string is plucked, for example, a stationary wave is formed. This happens because on releasing the string, two progressive waves move down the string in opposite directions. When they reach the point where the string is tied down, they cannot move beyond this boundary. At the boundary, the wave is reflected and travels back in the opposite direction. The two reflected waves meet and interfere with one another. Superposition occurs, the opposing directions of the reflected waves cancel out resulting in one "stationary" wave.

Mexico–United States border

The United States–Mexico border is the international border between the United States and Mexico. 

It runs from Imperial Beach, California, and Tijuana, Baja California, in the west to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, and Brownsville, Texas, in the east. It covers a variety of terrains, ranging from major urban areas to inhospitable deserts. 

From the Gulf of Mexico it follows the course of the Rio Grande (Río Bravo del Norte) to the border crossing at El Paso, Texas, and Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua. Westward from there it crosses vast tracts of the Sonoran and Chihuahuan Desert. Then it crosses the Colorado River Delta, west to San Diego and Tijuana before reaching the Pacific Ocean. The US-Mexican border is considered an open border.

The border's total length is , according to figures given by the International Boundary and Water Commission. It is the most frequently crossed international border in the world, with approximately three hundred fifty million (350,000,000) crossings per year.

Valeri Bure

Valeri Bure (born 1974) is a retired NHL hockey player for the Montreal Canadiens. He is Russian.

Dallas Fort Worth International Airport

Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , often called Dallas Airport and DFW Airport, is between the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas. It is the busiest airport in Texas. It serves the larger metropolitan area. Regional, national and international flights use this airport. Flights go to 144 domestic and 47 international destinations.

In 2010, it was the fourth busiest airport in the world in terms of aircraft movements with 652,261. it was the eighth busiest airport in the world when measured by passenger traffic, with 56,906,610 passengers in 2010. It is the main hub and largest hub for American Airlines.

The airport is in the cities of Coppell, Euless, Grapevine, and Irving. The land for DFW was purchased by both Dallas and Fort Worth in 1966, and construction began in 1969.

These airlines go to DFW Airport: 

German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association

The German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association () — an association of German insurers of the nuclear industry in Cologne. The German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association also is involved in the reinsurance industry.

The first associations of insurers of the nuclear industry in Europe were founded in Sweden and England in 1955. The German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association was founded shortly thereafter in 1957. Throughout the association's history, it has only once had to pay a claim; the claim amounted to about €10,000 to €15,000.

Despite the slight probability of losses resulting from an insured event in the nuclear industry, in the event of an insured event does occur the possibilities for damages are considerable. As such a single insurance company is unable to bear such risk alone. Under German law, the transfer of a nuclear risk of an insurer to a reinsurer is prohibited. In 1998 the Atomic Energy Act established the maximum insurance liability of nuclear insurer at about €2.5 billion; for damages above that cap the Federal Government is liable according to § 34 of the Atomic Energy Act. If the total damage exceeds the stipulated maximum sum of €2.55 billion, the German Federal Government pays the German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association for the excess losses. The insurance payments include the cost of evacuating people.

Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant was insured for some tens of millions of euros with German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association. Under the terms of the insurance policy, the policyholder was not insured for damage caused by earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanic eruptions. Therefore the German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association had no resulting liability to Tokyo Electric Power Company, the owner of the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant, because of Fukushima I nuclear accidents.

Impact of Christianity on western civilization

Christianity has been historically intertwined with Western civilization. However, it is difficult to decide what its effects were.

Through its long history, the Church has been a major source of social services. Several universities were founded by the Church. Some historians of science, have argued that the Church had a significant, positive influence on the development of science. Some of the Church's priests have contributed to science. In various ways the Church has sought to affect Western attitudes to vice and virtue in diverse fields. It has, over many centuries, preached the teachings of Jesus within the Western World and remains a source of continuity linking modern Western culture to classical Western culture.

The Bible and Christian theology have influenced Western philosophers and political activists. Christian teachings on sexuality and marriage have been influential.

The cultural influence of the Church has been vast. Festivals like Easter and Christmas are marked globally as public holidays; Pope Gregory XIII's Gregorian Calendar has been adopted internationally. Year numbering in the West is taken from the assumed date of the birth of the Church's founder, Jesus of Nazareth. In the list of the 100 most influential people in human history there are 65 Christian figures from various fields.
Christian scholars and scientists have made noted contributions to science and technology fields, as well as Medicine, both historically and in modern times. Some scholars and historians attribute Christianity to having contributed to the rise of the Scientific Revolution. Most scientists of that time considered themselves Christian such as Nicolaus Copernicus, Galileo Galilei, Johannes Kepler, Isaac Newton and Robert Boyle.

Protestantism has had an important influence on science. According to the Merton thesis, there was a positive correlation between the rise of English Puritanism and German Pietism on the one hand and early experimental science on the other. Robert K. Merton focused on English Puritanism and German Pietism as having been responsible for the development of the scientific revolution of the 17th and 18th centuries. He explained that the connection between religious affiliation and interest in science was the result of a significant link between the ascetic Protestant values and those of modern science.

Copernicus, a Catholic priest, delayed publication of his work on heliocentrism until the year of his death. The theory attracted attention among scientists. Decades later, Galileo Galilei took an interest in astronomy, and raised the question more prominently. This brought the attention of the Committee for Propaganda of the Catholic Church, otherwise known as the Inquisition. He was tried, convicted, and forced to retract his published belief in heliocentrism. 

Centuries later, the Catholic church had lost interest in subjecting natural philosophy to dogma. The relation of the now separate Church of England to evolution was complicated by the lack of the centralised authority of a Pope. Many conservative clerics opposed evolution fiercely, whilst few liberal clerics saw conflict with their beliefs. Before he published the "On the Origin of Species", Charles Darwin feared the reaction of the church, and spent years collecting evidence as defence to the expected criticism. Long after it was all but universally accepted, some Protestant leaders continued to resist evolution.

Jean-Pierre Houël

Jean-Pierre-Louis-Laurent Houël (28 June 1735 – 14 November 1813) was French artist. He was painting at the time of the French Revolution. One of his well known paintings is the "Prise de la Bastille" (The Storming of the Bastille), 1789. The capture of the Bastille prison was an important event in the Revolution, and remembered with a celebration and holiday on the anniversary, known as Bastille Day.

Sagami Province

The province had borders with Izu, Musashi, Suruga provinces. Its Pacific Ocean border included Sagami Bay. 

The ancient capital city of the province was near Hiratsuka.

Sagami was one of the original provinces of Japan established in the Nara period under the Taihō Code. 

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between Kyoto and Edo. The road passed through Sagami.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

All of Sagami became part of the new Kanagawa Prefecture in 1876.

In 1906, the Imperial Japanese Navy battleship "Sagami" was named after the province.

"Samukawa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hōki. 


Relay

A relay is an electromagnetically operated switch. It was invented in the 19th century to make electric telegraph signals go farther. Nowadays relays control circuits with low-voltages. Many machines use them, including vehicles and electronics.

Young Frankenstein

Young Frankenstein is a 1974 comedy movie directed by Mel Brooks starring Gene Wilder, Teri Garr, Cloris Leachman, Marty Feldman, Peter Boyle, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, Danny Goldman, David L. Lander, Michael McKean, Richard Haydn and Gene Hackman. The movie is a parody of the classical horror movie genre. In 2003, it was deemed "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant" by the United States National Film Preservation Board, and selected for preservation in the Library of Congress National Film Registry.

It tells the story of Frederick Frankenstein, grandson of Victor, the mad scientist whose experiments in re-animation led to the creation of a monster; to disassociate himself from his legacy, Frederick insists that his surname be pronounced "Fronk-en-steen". He has to travel to Transylvania because he has inherited his family's estate, where he meets Igor, a hunchbacked, bulging-eyed servant, and Inga.

E. M. Forster

Edward Morgan Forster OM, CH (1 January 1879 – 7 June 1970) was a British writer.

Forster was born in Marylebone, London. He attended Tonbridge School, an independent school in Tonbridge, Kent. He studied at Kings College, Cambridge.

Forster was a homosexual and wrote about homosexuality, class division and gender. His novels include "Where Angels Fear to Tread", "The Longest Journey", "A Room with a View", "Howards End", "A Passage to India" and "Maurice". He also wrote short stories, plays, essays, libretti and travel guides.

Forster died of a stroke in Coventry, Warwickshire.

United States Navy SEALs

The United States Navy Sea, Air, and Land Teams, commonly known as Navy SEALs, are the U.S. Navy's special forces. Their acronym is derived from their ability to operate at sea, in the air, and on land. In the War on Terrorism, SEALs have been utilized almost exclusively for land-based missions. All SEALs are male members of the United States Navy. The CIA, more specifically its Special Activities Division, often recruits operators from the SEAL Teams. Joint Navy SEALs and CIA operations go back to the famed MACV-SOG during the Vietnam War. Joint operations have continued, as seen in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and in the finding and killing of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan on may 1st through 2nd 2011.

The Navy SEALs were formed in the second world war. The United States Navy found the need for covert, elite operations. As a result, the Amphibious Scout and Raider School was established in 1942 at Fort Pierce, Florida. The Scouts and Raiders were formed in September of that year, nine months after the attack on Pearl Harbor.

The first group included Phil H. Bucklew, the "Father of Naval Special Warfare," in whose honor the Naval Special Warfare Center building is named. Started in October 1942, this group saw action in November 1942 during Operation Torch, the first allied landings in Europe, on the North African coast. Scouts and Raiders also helped during landings in Sicily, Salerno, Anzio, Normandy, and southern France.

A second group of Scouts and Raiders was started on 7 July 1943. Their first mission, in September 1943, was at Finschafen on New Guinea. Later operations were at Gasmata, Arawe, Cape Gloucester, and the East and South coast of New Britain. 

The third Scout and Raiders organization operated in China. Scouts and Raiders were to fight with the Sino-American Cooperative Organization, or SACO. They conducted a patrol of the upper Yangtze River in the spring of 1945 and, disguised as coolies, conducted a detailed three-month patrol of the Chinese coast from Shanghai to Kitchioh Wan, near Hong Kong.

President John F. Kennedy, aware of the situations in Southeast Asia, recognized the need for special operations in the fight against guerrilla warfare. In a speech to Congress on 25 May 1961, Kennedy spoke of his respect for the United States Army Special Forces. In the speech he announced his intention to spend over $100 million to strengthen U.S. special operations forces and expand American capabilities in unconventional warfare. Some people have assumed this was the start of the SEALS, but they had already long been active.

John Gould Veitch

John Gould Veitch (April 1839 – 13 August 1870) was an expert on plants and growing plants, he was also a traveller and one of the first Victorian British plant experts to visit Japan to look for and collect new plants. He was a great-grandson of John Veitch, the founder of the Veitch family plant growing business. He also visited the Philippines, Australia, Fiji, and other Polynesian islands looking for new plants to bring back to Great Britain.

He brought back a number of the glasshouse plants that were in fashion at the time, such as "Acalyphas", "Cordylines", "Codiaeums" (Crotons) and "Dracaenas", and from Fiji, a palm of a new genus later named after him, "Veitchia joannis", in addition to this genus the Veitch family name is honoured by hundreds of other plant names.

In Japan, he met another famous plant collector called Robert Fortune, and their competing collections returned to England on the same ship. For example, each man claimed that they had discovered a species of "Chamaecyparis pisifera" (a kind of cypress).

He married Jane Hodge soon after his return to England in 1866 and they had two sons, James Herbert Veitch, (1868 – 1907) and John Gould Veitch, Jr. (1869 – 1914)

John Gould Veitch died of tuberculosis at the age of 31.

Julia set

A Julia set is a fractal. It is a set defined given a rational function (written "J(f)"). The Fatou set of a rational function ("F(f)") is the complementary set of the Julia set of "f". The Fatou set of a function are the values such that all nearby values behave similarly when the function is repeatedly iterated.


Dudley Moore

Dudley Stuart John Moore CBE (19 April 1935 – 27 March 2002) was a British actor, comedian and musician.

Moore was born in Charing Cross Hospital, London and raised in Dagenham, Essex. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. 

Moore became a pianist and composer. He began a comedy double act with Peter Cook. Moore acted in movies in the United Kingdom and in the United States. He starred in movies including "Bedazzled", "10", "Arthur" and "".

Moore died of progressive supranuclear palsy and pneumonia in Plainfield, New Jersey.

Scent of a Woman

Scent of a Woman is a 1992 American drama movie starring Al Pacino and directed by Martin Brest. It is based on 1969 novel by Giovanni Arpino "" ("The Darkness and the Honey") and is a remake of 1974 Italian movie "Profumo di donna".

Barbara Mori

Barbara Mori (born February 2, 1978 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Mexican actress. She is best known for lead role of the Bollywood film, "Kites" also Telenovela "Rubí" in which she played the main character.



Arnold Palmer

Arnold Daniel Palmer (September 10, 1929 – September 25, 2016) was an American professional golfer. He won many events in PGA and Champions Tours dating back to 1955. These included winning the Masters Tournament, the U.S. Open, and The Open Championship.

Palmer was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. He studied at Wake Forest College. 

Palmer died at a hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on September 25, 2016, aged 87. He died from complications of heart problems while awaiting for heart surgery.

Paula Deen

Paula Deen (born January 19, 1947) is an American celebrity chef and television host. She has published fourteen cookbooks.

She was born in Albany, Georgia. 

On June 21, 2013, The Food Network announced they would not renew her contract because Deen used racist slurs.

Minamisōma

Minamisōma was formed on 1 January 2006 when three neighboring towns were merged in a new city -- Haramachi, Odaka, and Kashima.

The tsunami partly covered the city on 11 March 2011. It damaged the city severely. As of 9 April 2011, 400 residents were known to be dead and 1,100 missing.

Minamisōma is about 25 km north of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. Much of the city is in the area near the plant where people should not live. Most people in the city had to leave. About a week after the earthquake, Minamisōma was in the news again as the town's mayor Katsunobu Sakarai complained about orders telling people still near the plant to stay in their homes. He said they had been 'abandoned'.

In mid-summer 2011, tests found radioactive cesium above the legal limit in beef from Minamisōma.

In 2012, plans were made to build solar plants on radiation-contaminated farmlands.

In 2013, some critics complained that reports issued by the World Health Organisation (WHO) were misleading. According to some public health experts, the health impact of nuclear fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster is under-estimated.

Response to YouTube video for help:

Aries Spears

Aries Spears (born April 3, 1975) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He was born in Chicago, Illinois He is best known for his acting in "MADtv".

Les Canadiennes de Montréal

The Les Canadiennes (, formerly the Montreal Stars are a women's ice hockey team in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL). They have won the League championship four times and the Clarkson Cup (the highest honour in North American women's hockey) two times, more than any other women's team.

The Montreal Stars were formed in 2007. The team was formed from players from the Montreal Axion a team that played in the National Women's Hockey League before its demise. Through the team's young history they have seen success in every season.

The Montreal Stars have a total of four regular season championships and two Clarkson cups in four seasons.

In 2015 the name was changed to Les Canadiennes after a close relationship was created between the team and the NHL Montreal Canadiens.



Overclocking

Overclocking is the process of configuring a computer processor or other electronic circuit to run faster than it was designed to. Overclocking allows a computer to be faster and more responsive. Overclocked processors tend to use more electricity and make more heat than those running at their intended speed. It is often necessary to install a better heat sink to avoid overheating the processor. If a processor is overclocked too high, it can damage the processor or make the computer unstable. Increasing the voltage to the processor can allow it to be run at even higher speeds where it would otherwise be unstable, but this carries an especially high risk of damaging the processor.

Overclocking is usually done in the computer's BIOS setup utility. Most brand-name computers such as Dell, HP, and others do not allow overclocking in the BIOS setup utility, but custom-built computers usually do. It is also possible to do the opposite, called underclocking, where the processor is run at a lower speed than intended. This may be done to extend battery life and reduce heat output. Underclocking will not usually damage a processor and may in fact make it last longer. Some processors automatically underclock themselves when the computer is not doing a lot of work.

Many other digital circuits with a clock signal can be overclocked (or underclocked). This includes video cards, smartphones, and even graphing calculators. Even some sound cards can be overclocked to record or play at a higher sample rate than usual. Overclocking has become popular with Android users.

Centre Étienne Desmarteau

The Centre Étienne Desmarteau is situated on 3430 Bellechasse street in Montreal, Canada. Built in 1976, the Center includes two ice rinks, a room for the gymnastics and a gymnasium. It was the site of the basketball competitions during the Olympics of Montreal of 1976.

The center is named in honour of Olympian Étienne Desmarteau, a Canadian athlete during the 1904 Summer Olympics.

The center is the official home of the Montreal Stars, a team of the Canadian Women's Hockey League and Montreal Mission a team of the National Ringette League. Furthermore, numerous amateur tournaments are held in it every year.

Nanalan'

Nanalan' is an American–Canadian television show broadcast by the Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. programming block in the US and CBC Television in Canada. "Nanalan"' is "designed to foster children's curiosity and love of learning, with the hope they will carry it with them as they grow". Excerpts from the show also air on Fox Kids UK. The series premiered airs at 9:30AM ET/PT times on February 9, 2000 on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block in the United States.

"Nanalan' " began airing on February 9, 2000 and on January 6, 2006, it was nominated for the following three Gemini Awards: Best Performance in a Pre-School Program or Series; Best Writing in a Children's or Youth Program or Series; and Best Pre-School Program or Series. "Nanalan"' won Best writing and Best performance, an award shared by Jamie Shannon (the voice of Mona), Jason Hopley (the voice of Nana and Russell), Marty Stelnick (the voice of Mrs. Bea), Todd Doldersum (the voice of Mr. Wooka), and Ali Eisner (the performer of Russell).

Several compilation DVDs of the show and a CD of musical highlights are also available.

The main character is a green puppet named Mona. She is known for her lollipop and orange Nana, who is Mona's main caretaker.

Mr. Meaty

Mr. Meaty is an American/Canadian television series, airing on CBC Television in Canada and the Nickelodeon in the United States. It originally began in 2005, as a series of shorts that aired on Nickelodeon. The show features puppets working at a fast food restaurant called Mr. Meaty.

The show began as a series of shorts featured on CBC's "The Void" and in-between shows on Nickelodeon. Many of the original shorts can still be found on iTunes and TurboNick. 


"Mr. Meaty" received a great deal of criticism from vegetarians and parents who didn't like the gross-out humor. Many petitions were signed and sent to Nickelodeon to end the show.


Montreal Mission

The Montreal Mission is a ringette team at Montreal, Canada. The team plays in the National Ringette League and plays its home games in Centre Étienne Desmarteau.

The Montreal Mission have played in the National Ringette League since its formation in 2004. For several years, the best ringette team in Quebec is the Montreal Mission. On the other hand, the team ends in the second rank in the East Conference of the National Ringette League behind a team of the Ontario, the Cambridge Turbos and it since two seasons: 2010-11 and 2009-10. In 2008-09, Montreal Mission ends its season at the top of the classification of the east Conference with two points more than the Cambridge Turbos.

The world championships of ringuette occur once in three years. Several players of Montreal Mission were able to represent it their country of origin. The team includes notable players:

In 2010-11, two players of Montreal Mission dominated the classification of the league with 141 points for Julie Blanchette 1st and 132 points for Catherine Cartier 2nd. In 2009-2010 these two same players dominated the classification with 122 points for (1st) Cartier, 110 points for Blanchette 2nd and in addition 83 points for Stéphanie Séguin 4th.




Julie Blanchette

Julie Blanchette (born January 9, 1977 in Montreal, Canada) is a Canadian professional ringette player. She plays center position. Blanchette plays for the Montreal Mission of the National Ringette League. She is also a member of the Canadian national women's ringette team.

Blanchette started playing ringette when she was 4 years old. Her brother played ice hockey, and her parents looked for a team game for her. They signed her up with the local ringette club in Montreal. She played her sport at every amateur level in Montreal. She represented Quebec in the Canadian championships and the Canada Games.

Blanchette has been at the professional elite level since 2003. She plays for Montreal Mission in the National Ringette League in Canada. In 2005, she played a season for the club Turun Ringet Turku in the professional ringette league of Finland.

Since 2004, she has been a member of the ringette national team of Canada. She played in the Ringette World championships of 2004 in Stockholm, of 2007 in Ottawa and of 2010 in Tampere. She also played in the world championships of 2008 to Sault Ste-Marie.

She is captain of the Canadian national team and Montreal Mission. She is also a trainer and a coach. She is the trainer of the national Team Canada Under-19 years during the world Championships Under-19 years of 2009 in Prague. In September 2011, Blanchette was named an assistant-coach of the national team of Canada.


Blanchette also plays golf and runs in marathons.


Gene Shalit

Gene Shalit (born March 25, 1926) is an American movie and book critic. He has been a critic on NBC's "The Today Show" since January 15, 1973. He is known for his use of puns, his very large handlebar moustache, and for wearing bowties.

He has been reviewing the arts since 1967. He has written for magazines such as "Look" magazine, "Ladies' Home Journal" (for 12 years), "Cosmopolitan", "TV Guide", "Seventeen", "Glamour", "McCall's", and "The New York Times". From 1970–1982 he had a daily report on NBC Radio. In 1987, he published "Laughing Matters—A Treasury of American Humor", a humor anthology. Since 2009, he lives in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, with his cat Fellini. Shalit's children include the artist and entrepreneur Willa Shalit.

Shalit was born in New York City on March 25, 1926. He later moved to Newark, New Jerseywith his mother. In 1932, he and his family moved to Morristown, New Jersey. Born of Jewish parents, Shalit attended Morristown High School. While thee, he wrote a humor column for the school newspaper.

Gene Shalit wrote for "The Daily Illini" for six years at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Shalit said that he would leave "The Today Show" after 40 years, starting November 11, 2010. He was quoted as saying: "It's enough already". Shalit was Dick Clark's press agent in the early 1960s. Shalit stopped representing Clark during a Congressional investigation. Clark has not spoken to Shalit again and said he was a "jellyfish."

Petra Kvitová

Petra Kvitová (born 8 March 1990) is a Czech tennis player. She was born in Bílovec, Czechoslovakia. She is the world no. 6 women's tennis player. Kvitová won the 2011 Wimbledon Championships and the WTA Tour Championships the same year. She won Wimbledon once again in 2014. She reached the semi-finals of the 2012 Australian Open, 2012 French Open, 2010 Wimbledon, the quarter-final of 2015 US Open.

Interlingua grammar

Interlingua is a planned language. It uses words that are found in most West-European languages. It was made by IALA. They are a group of people (the most known was Alexander Gode) that worked on it for more than 20 years. The first dictionary for the language was finished and published in 1951. Interlingua was created on the base of languages: English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Italian.

The vowels in Interlingua are pronounced like in Spanish or LFN (another planned language). The consonants are pronounced, for the most part, like in English or LFN.

Interlingua keeps much of the spelling of Latin words, more near to the forms in English and French than to them in the other Romance languages. For example, it keeps q ([k]), y ([i]), ch ([k]), ph ([f]), rh ([r]), and th ([t]). It keeps also the common use of double consonants. More, it allows versions like ch for [ʃ], s between vowels like [z], c before e/i like [ts], g before e/i like [ʒ], qu before e/i like [k], etc.

Accent is not indicated, even in exceptions, but it follows, for the most part, a system of rules similar to that of LFN.

Interlingua has also a "collateral" spelling, that simplifies the complications above to a system more like this of Spanish or LFN. This collateral spelling has the same status, but in reality it is not much used by adherents. The details:



The plural is "-s" after a vowel, "-es" after a consonant, but "-hes" after final "c":

Interlingua has no grammatical gender. Some words distinguish female from male by changing "-o" into "-a", or by adding "-essa". Other ones have two different forms. But the most of words do not distinguish:

Adjectives do not change for agreement with nouns. They can precede or follow the noun, except numbers, that always precede the noun. In general, short adjectives precede and long adjectives follow. 

To compare, use "plus" or "minus" and "le plus" or "le minus":

One can use the suffix "-issime" for the absolute superlative:

The adjectives "bon", "mal", "magne" (big), and "parve" (little) have alternative irregular forms :

There are two kinds of adverbs: first form and second form. Adverbs of first form are a closed class of grammatical words, like "quasi" (almost), "jam" (already), and "totevia" (nevertheless). Adverbs of second form are an open class derived from adjectives by adding the suffix "-mente" (or "-amente" after final "c"):

Some common adverbs have short alternative forms that end with "-o":

Like adjectives, adverbs use "plus", "minus", "le plus", and "le minus":

The adverbs of "bon" and "mal" have alternative irregular forms:

One can use the objective form for the direct object and the indirect object. Or, one can use the preposition "a" before the pronoun for the indirect object:

The reflective pronouns are used when the subject of the verb is the same as the object (direct or indirect). Like in the Romance languages, the reflective is used much more than in English:

Regarding the forms of possession, the longer forms are used in constructions like "le auto es le mie" - the car is mine. But one can also use them more like strong adjectives than the short forms:

Much speakers use "vos" instead of "tu" for courtesy in formal situations:

Use "illes" for groups of persons with both men and women. "Illas" can be used for groups of only women.

"Il" is an impersonal pronoun for using in constructions like "il pluve" (it rains). "Il" can also be used when the real subject is a clause that occurs later in the sentence.

"On" is the pronoun used when the identity of the subject is not clear. The form for objects is "uno":

The major forms are the adjective "iste" or ille and the pronoun "iste", "ista", and "isto", that can be plural. When the subject of a sentence has two possible predecessors, "iste" refers to the second predecessor.

The adjective of distance is "ille" o "aquelle". The pronouns are the same as the personal pronouns.

The relative pronouns for persons and animals are "qui" (subject and after prepositions) and "que" (object):

The relative pronoun for things is "que" for all uses:

"Il ha duo sortas de inventiones: illos que on discoperi e illos que discoperi uno" - There are two kinds of inventions: those which you discover and those which discover you

"Cuje" - "whose" or "of which" - is used for persons and things:

All they above can be replaced by "le qual" or "le quales":

The relative pronouns are also used as interrogative pronouns.

These are the most common forms of verbs (note exceptions in underlined letters):

The verbs do not vary for persons and plural, except for alternative versions for "esser". The tenses normal are used for the subjunctive and the command. "Esse", "habe", and "vade" have forms short for the present: "es", "ha", and "va".

Infinitives are used for both the infinitive and the gerund, and can be pluralized if needed:

There are three simple tenses - past, present, and future. They are used for both the perfect (completed) and the imperfect, and for both the perfective and the non-perfective (continuing).

Participles formation in Interlingua follows this simple pattern: 


Instead of the simple tenses, one can use composed forms. For the past, one can use "ha" and other forms of "habe", with the past participle:

For the future, use "va" and other forms of "vade", with the infinitive:

Used rarely, "velle" with the infinitive is the hypothetical composed:

The passive is formed by using "es" or other forms of "esser" with the passive participle:

The passive to the Past Perfect is created by using habeva essite with the passive participle:

Here are examples of various forms of commands:

"Sia" is the interrogative form and the subjunctive of "esser":

Because the verb "esser" is irregular in many European languages, Interlingua allows the use of versions:

Some persons use also these forms of "esser" in the present tense:

Because Interlingua is a "neo-Latin" language, it keeps any of the double roots of Latin that survive in the Romance languages and English. For example:

Many speakers of Interlingua prefer the use of the more recognizable form in international vocabularies, and drop the other ones.

The normal order of words in Interlingua is subject-verb-object, but one can use other orders if the meaning is clear:

But pronouns tend to follow the order of the Romance languages - subject-object-verb - except for infinitives and commands, that has the object after the verb:

If two pronouns - first the object direct and second the indirect object - occur with the same verb, the indirect object goes first:

One can form questions in different ways:

1. By putting the verb before the subject:

2. By using a word of question instead of the subject:

3. By adding the particle "esque" (or, more rarely, "an") to the beginning of the sentence:

4. By change the tone of the sentence, or by adding a question mark, without change the normal order:


University of Wisconsin System

The University of Wisconsin System is the main public higher education system of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It consists of 13 four-year campuses, a unit that operates 13 two-year colleges and an online campus. It also has an extension unit that offers courses in every county in the state.

Two of the campuses are "research universities" that award doctoral degrees:

Eleven other campuses are "comprehensive universities" that award bachelor's and Master's degrees:

The two-year campus system is known as the University of Wisconsin Colleges. Students who earn associate's degrees from any campus in this system are guaranteed a place at a four-year campus if they meet certain requirements. This system includes:

Note that this system is separate from the Wisconsin Technical College System. That is another public two-year college system in Wisconsin.

Finally, the University of Wisconsin–Extension provides college courses, plus farming and business help, in at least one place in every one of the state's 72 counties. It also runs the state's public radio and television networks.


Fluffernutter

A Fluffernutter is a sandwich made with peanut butter and marshmallow creme. It is usually served on white bread. Some recipes have wheat bread instead of white bread. Many sweets and salty, savory ingredients can be added for enjoyment. Foods with peanut butter and marshmallow creme can also be called "fluffernutters".

In June 2006, Massachusetts State Senator Jarrett Barrios proposed an act to stop serving Fluffernutter sandwiches in public schools. Barrios' supporters pointed to the problem of childhood obesity. Massachusetts State Representative Kathi-Anne Reinstein planned to "fight to the death for Fluff". She supported acts that would make the Fluffernutter the official state sandwich. The measure failed, and Reinstein tried again unsuccessfully in 2009.

A Fluffernutter is made by spreading peanut butter on a slice of white bread, then spreading marshmallow creme on another slice. When the two breads are put together, they make a sandwich. Different recipes have wheat bread instead of white bread, and Nutella hazelnut spread instead of peanut butter. Sweet ingredients can be added like bananas.Salty ingredients like bacon can also be added. The Fluffernutter is like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The fluffernutter is often seen as a food for children, but adults like it too. For example, in a restaurant, a chef serves a Fluffernutter hors d'oeuvre in a toasted ice cream cone with a spoon of peanut butter and torched marshmallow creme on top.

The term "fluffernutter" has also been used to describe other foods that have peanut butter and marshmallow creme. There are Fluffernutter cookies, Fluffernutter bars, and Fluffernutter cupcakes. Durkee-Mower has a cookbook that has recipes for Fluffernutter bars, frostings, pies and a shakes. In 2006, Brigham's Ice Cream and Durkee-Mower made a Fluffernutter ice cream flavor. The flavor had peanut butter and Marshmallow Fluff in vanilla ice cream. Fluffernutter was also the name of a candy made by the Boyer Brothers candy company starting in 1969.
One of the main ingredients of the Fluffernutter is Marshmallow Creme. It was invented in the early 20th century by Archibald Query. During World War I, Emma Curtis published a recipe for the "Liberty Sandwich", which consisted of peanut butter and Marshmallow Creme on oat or barley bread. The recipe was published in a promotional booklet sent to Curtis' customers in 1918. It may be the origin of the Fluffernutter sandwich. Earlier labels and booklets by the Curtises suggested combining Snow Flake Marshmallow Creme with peanut butter or eating it on sandwiches with chopped nuts or olives.

Meanwhile, sugar shortages during World War I hurt sales of Archibald Query's Marshmallow Creme. Query sold his recipe in 1920 to H. Allen Durkee and Fred L. Mower from Swampscott, Massachusetts. The two men began selling the product through their company, Durkee-Mower Inc. They renamed the product Toot Sweet Marshmallow Fluff. Durkee-Mower continues to sell the product under the name Marshmallow Fluff. The sandwich was not called a Fluffernutter until 1960. "Fluffernutter" is a registered trademark of Durkee-Mower. The company's U.S. trademark registrations for the term cover only ice cream and printed recipes. In 2006, Durkee-Mower sued Williams-Sonoma Inc. in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that Williams-Sonoma infringed on its trademark by selling a marshmallow and peanut butter chocolate-covered candy under the "Fluffernutter" name.

In June 2006, Massachusetts State Senator Jarrett Barrios gained national attention when he proposed legislation restricting the serving of Fluffernutter sandwiches in public schools. After Barrios learned that his son was served Fluffernutters on a daily basis at his Cambridge, Massachusetts, public elementary school, he created an amendment to a junk food bill that aimed to limit the serving of Fluffernutters in Massachusetts public schools to once a week. The proposal was criticized as an example of trivial and overly intrusive legislation, while Barrios' supporters pointed to concerns over the problem of childhood obesity. Among the people who defended the Fluffernutter at the time was Massachusetts State Representative Kathi-Anne Reinstein, whose district in Revere was close to Lynn, where Marshmallow Fluff is made. She claimed she planned to "fight to the death for Fluff" and supported legislation that would make the Fluffernutter the official state sandwich. The measure failed, and Reinstein tried again unsuccessfully in 2009. Supporters of the bill cited the sandwich's close association with childhood and Massachusetts.

The term "fluffernutter" has sometimes been used to describe something that has minimal to no cultural value. Some writers look at Fluffernutters and marshmallow creme as regional pride.

The sandwich has close ties to New England, particularly to Somerville, Massachusetts, where Archibald Query invented Marshmallow Fluff, and to Lynn, Massachusetts, where Durkee-Mower has produced it for decades. Somerville holds an annual festival called What the Fluff? based around celebrating Marshmallow Fluff and Fluffernutter sandwiches. The festival incorporates music, visual art, games and a cooking contest based around Fluff and Fluffernutters. In 2011, NASA astronaut Richard Michael Linnehan, who was born in Lowell, Massachusetts, and ate a Fluffernutter while aboard the International Space Station, acted as one of the contest judges.

Hans Moehrlen

Hans Martin Sutermeister (29 September 1907 – 4 May 1977 pen name: Hans Moehrlen) was a Swiss doctor, writer and politician. He studied medicine in Basel and was a professor at the "Volkshochschule" Bern. Moehren did a large amount of work to help people who were punished for crimes they did not do. In the 1960s, he wrote reports about criminal medicine. His most important work was "Summa Iniuria".


Wilson Pickett

Wilson Pickett (March 18, 1941 – January 19, 2006) was an American R&B/soul singer and songwriter.

Picket was a major figure in the development of American soul music. Among his best known hits are "In the Midnight Hour", "Land of a Thousand Dances", "Mustang Sally", "Hey Jude" and "Funky Broadway". Pickett often crossed over to the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2023, Pickett appears at number 76 on the "Rolling Stone" magazine's "200 best singers of all time" list. 



Hillsboro, Oregon

Hillsboro is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is near Portland.

Gastroesophageal reflux disease

Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is a chronic medical problem involving the part of the body which runs from the mouth to the stomach.

The problem exists when stomach contents move backwards towards the mouth. Food or liquid moves from the stomach into the tube between the mouth and the stomach. That tube is called the oesophagus.
The burning sensation is commonly called "heartburn," but it has nothing to do with the heart.


National Ringette League

The National Ringette League (also indicated by the initials NRL) is an elite league of ringette in Canada. The NRL groups together the best nineteen-year-old players of the country. The NRL consists of nineteen teams separated into two conferences. The western conference has six teams and the east conference has thirteen teams. The LNR recruits directly from Ringuette Canada, the guiding organisation for the ringette in Canada. The great majority of the players come from Canada even if some players arise from the United States or from Finland.

Ringette was introduced in 1963 in North Bay, Ontario. The sport is now played by 50,000 young women across Canada. The creation of the National Ringette League is following the success of the 2002 Ringette world championships in Edmonton where Canada won the gold medal. The first NRL season was played in November 2004 with 17 teams. In the 2011-12 season, the NRL enters its eighth season with 19 teams playing in two conferences:

The regular season of the NRL begins in October and comes to an end in March. All in all, thirty one matches are competed by each of the teams during the regular season. Each of the teams faces only teams of their conference. This structure allows to reduce the costs of transport given the size of the Canadian territory covered by the league. At the end of the regular season, there is a break of a week when the various individual distinctions are awarded, then a NRL Championship Tournament.

In 2010-11 season, new fact, an NRL Championship Tournament replaces the Championship qualifying rounds, this tournament takes place in just one city. This allows to create a media event and to hold attention. Ten better teams in the regular season of the league, participate in this tournament which crowns the team champion of the league.

From March 27th till April 2nd, 2011, the NRL Championship Tournament takes place to Cambridge, Ontario. In Final game, the Edmonton WAM! triumph over the Cambridge Turbos

This is a list of NRL champions season by season:

The championship final game is broadcast on Rogers TV.

At the end of each season (at the end of March) the League announces its annual awards during the week of break before the playoffs. The annual NRL honors reward the athletes having obtained excellent performances during the regular season. Each of the twp conferences present one athlete and one coach as the finalists in every category. The players and coaches of the National Championship Tournament are chosen among these finalists.

The NRL works with the lower Ringette leagues to help young players improve in the sport. Several NRL teams additional teams of young players under 19 years old and under 16 years old. The Canadians Championship U16 and U19 (usually in April) take place in the same place as the NRL playoff tournament. This helps the scouts from the NRL teams to identify the young talented players.


Musashi Province

The province had borders with Kai, Kōzuke, Sagami, Shimōsa, and Shimotsuke Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Fuchu. By the Sengoku period, the main city was Edo.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Musashi.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Musashi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The Imperial Japanese Navy battleship "Musashi" was named after the province.

The height of Tokyo Sky Tree is . The figures 6 (mu), 3 (sa), 4 (shi) stand for "Musashi", which is an old name for the area where the Tokyo Sky Tree stands.




"Hikawa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the province; 



Tupolev Tu-95

Tupolev Tu-95 (code-named Bear) was a heavy bomber plane first used in the Cold War. It was made by Tupolev. It was able to carry four powerful nuclear bombs, and in its later years it was used as a spy plane and an unmanned bomber.

The Tu-95 first flew in 1952, and was introduced in 1956. It was used a lot during the Cold War, this is because it could fly to far places. In fact, it could go more than 500 miles per hour, and has a range of 9,000 miles. The plane is driven by a turboprop engine, which makes it fast. The plane's speed is also given by its wings, which are swept back to make it sleek.

Unlike most new bombers, the Tu-95 has a turret in the tail. Right now, the Tu-95 is still in the Russian Air Force. There is also another version, called the Tu-142 that is in the Russian Navy. The Bear will be in militaries until the year 2040. 

Ningbo

Ningbo is a city in Zhejiang Province. It lies in east China, close to Shanghai. Ningbo is known as an important port city in China. International trade in Ningbo began in Tang dynasty.
There are many historical sites in Ningbo，such as Baoguo Temple（first constructed in Tang Dynasty,rebuilt in Song Dynasty）,which is one of the well-preserved whole wood structures in China, Tianyi Pavillion(a famous private Library founded in 1561),Tianning Temple Pagoda and so on.

Ningbo Municipality is divided into 6 districts, 2 counties and 2 county-level cities.

Australian Broadcasting Corporation

The Australian Broadcasting Corporation, (ABC) is the national broadcaster of Australia. It is principally funded by direct grants from the Australian Government and is administered by a government-appointed board. The ABC is a publicly-owned body that is politically independent and fully accountable, with its charter enshrined in legislation, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983". ABC Commercial, a profit-making division of the corporation, also helps to generate funding for content provision.

The ABC was established as the Australian Broadcasting Commission on 1 July 1932 by an act of federal parliament. changed the name of the organisation to the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation", from 1 July 1983. Although funded and owned by the government, the ABC remains editorially independent. This independence is part of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983. It effectively replaced the Australian Broadcasting Company, a private company established in 1924 to provide programming for A-class radio stations. The ABC was given statutory powers that reinforced its independence from the government and enhanced its news-gathering role. Modelled after the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), which is funded by a television licence, the ABC was originally financed by consumer licence fees on broadcast receivers. However, the licence fees soon proved to be insufficient due to Australia's small population compared with the vast area to be serviced and the need for individual divisions in each state such that by 1949 the Chifley government decided that the ABC would be directly funded by the government. Licence fees however continued to be collected until 1947, however they were subsumed into the government's general revenue. Later funding was supplemented with commercial activities related to its core broadcasting mission. The ABC adopted its current name in 1983.

The ABC provides radio, television, online, and mobile services throughout metropolitan and regional Australia. ABC Radio operates four national networks, a large number of ABC Local Radio stations, several digital stations, and the international service Radio Australia. ABC Television operates five free-to-air channels, as well as the ABC iview streaming service and the ABC Australia satellite channel. News and current affairs content across all platforms is produced by the news division.

The ABC has 46 local radio stations, four national networks and international service Radio Australia. It also has three digital radio stations.

ABC Local Radio has 46 individual stations, each with a similar format. This format is locally presented light entertainment, news, talkback, music, sport and interviews. It also has some national programs such as "AM" snd "PM" (current affairs), "The World Today", sporting events and "Nightlife".

ABC Radio National broadcasts more than 60 special interest programs every week. These cover a range of topics including music, comedy, book readings, radio dramas, poetry, science, health, the arts, religion, social history and current affairs.

ABC NewsRadio is a continuous news service. It was known as the Parliamentary and News Network. It was set up to broadcast sittings of the Australian Federal Parliament, and to provide a news service at other times. The network broadcasts news on a 24 hours a day, seven days a week, with updates on the quarter-hour. Much of the news content is produced by the ABC itself, however many programs come from the BBC World Service, NPR, Deutsche Welle, Radio Netherlands and CNN Radio.

ABC Classic FM was the ABC's first FM radio service. It was originally called "ABC FM". Its format was based on community stations and BBC Radio 3.

Triple J is a national youth radio network. It plays contemporary alternative and independent music. Its audience is people aged 18–35. While the network plays music from around the world, it has a strong focus on local artists. Triple J was formerly known as "Double Jay" when it launched in Sydney on 19 January 1975.

The ABC operates four TV channels. ABC TV, the Corporation's original television service, receives most of funding for television and shows new comedy, drama, documentaries, and news and current affairs. In each state and territory a local news bulletin is shown at 7.00 p.m. nightly.

In 2001 ABC TV began its digital service.

ABC TV Plus which began in 2005, is a digital-only channel that shows mainly repeated programs from ABC TV. It does have some original content including news programs, children's shows, animation, and music shows.

ABC Me is a children's TV channel which began on 4 December 2009.

ABC News is a 24-hour news channel which began on 22 July 2010.

Rudy Fernández

He comes from a keen basketball family; his father also was a professional basketball player. He first started playing in the Joventut Badalona team, in the ACB (2003-2008). In 2008 he left the Joventut team and started playing for the Portland Trail Blazers in the NBA league. His first match with this team was against his old friend Pau Gasol. 

His second year joining the NBA was not as good as he expected, he got backache several times. In December 2009, Fernández underwent microdiscectomy surgery for a herniated disc. It was causing leg pain.

He has also joined other teams, such as the Real Madrid (2011) and the Denver Nuggets. On July 4, 2012, Fernández signed a 3-year deal with Real Madrid.

He has won five medals: two silver in the European Championship and also in the Olympic Games, and three golden in the World Championship, and two in the European Championship.

Ricky Rubio

Ricard "Ricky" Rubio i Vives (born October 21, 1990) is a Spanish basketball player.
He was born on 21 October 1990 in El Masnou, near Barcelona. He began playing in the Spanish ACB League on October 15, 2005, at age 14. He was the youngest player to ever play in the ACB. In 2009, he was drafted by the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA. He was the first person born in the 1990s to be drafted in the NBA.

In 2011, after two further seasons in Spain with FC Barcelona Bàsquet, the basketball section of the famous FC Barcelona football (soccer) club, he joined the Timberwolves. But he has changed his team and now plays for the Phoenix Suns.

Neolithic British Isles

The Neolithic British Isles is about the remains of tribes living in the islands from about 4000 BC to 2,500 BC. These people left stone monuments and other remains in Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man and many other islands. The Neolithic was the last part of the Stone Age in the British Isles.

The most outstanding Neolithic archaeological sites are now UNESCO World Heritage Sites.


Before the Neolithic period was the Mesolithic period, and after the Neolithic was the Bronze Age. During the Mesolithic, the inhabitants of the British Isles were nomadic hunter-gatherers. Around 4000 BC new ideas arrived in the islands from continental Europe. These ideas were taken up by the natives, and led to huge changes in both the society and the landscape. This has been called the Neolithic Revolution.

The Neolithic is marked by agriculture and living in settlements, with the hunter-gatherer lifestyle declining. To make room for the new farmland, these early agricultural communities cut down trees (deforestation) across the islands. This very greatly changed the landscape. At the same time, many new types of stone tools began to be produced. They needed new skills, such as polishing.

The Neolithic tribes built many monuments in the landscape, many of which were megalithic in nature. The earliest of these are the chambered tombs, although later came the building of stone circles, a trend that would continue into the following Bronze Age. These constructions were probably places for ceremonies and religious rites. New ideas about religion, ritual and social hierarchy came with the new lifestyle.

Neolithic people on these islands were not literate, so left no written record. Everything we know about this time comes from archaeological investigations. This investigation began with the antiquarians of the 18th century, and intensified in the 19th when John Lubbock coined the term "Neolithic". The work expanded during the 20th and 21st centuries.

During the Mesolithic, Britain was still attached by the landmass of Doggerland to the rest of continental Europe. 
Archaeologist and prehistorian Caroline Malone noted that during the Late Mesolithic, the British Isles were something of a "technological backwater" in European terms, still living as a hunter-gatherer society whilst most of southern Europe had already taken up agriculture and sedentary living.

The first societies in the world to abandon hunter-gathering and replace it with agriculture were found in the Near East around 8000–6000 BC. Similar developments occurred independently in China, and later in Mesoamerica, southeast Asia, Africa and India. It was in the Near East that the "most important developments in early farming" occurred in the Levant and the mountains surrounding what is now Syria, Israel, Jordan, Turkey, Iran and Iraq. These areas already had rich ecological variation that was being exploited by hunter-gatherers in the Upper Palaeolithic and Mesolithic periods.

Early signs of these hunter-gatherers beginning to harvest, select and grow various food plants have been found in the Mesolithic Natufian culture of the Levant. These are signs that would later lead to the actual domestication and farming of crops. Archaeologists believe that the Levantine peoples developed agriculture between 8000 and 7000 BC in response to a rise in their population levels which could not be fed by the food which hunting and gathering could provide. The idea of agriculture spread from the Levant into Europe, being adopted by hunter-gathering societies in what is now Turkey, Greece, the Balkans, and across the Mediterranean, eventually reaching north-western Europe and the British Isles.

The archaeological community still debate whether the Neolithic Revolution was brought to the British Isles through by adoption by natives or by migrating groups of continental Europeans who decided to settle there.

The period that followed the Neolithic is known by archaeologists as the Bronze Age, because bronze was used for making certain tools.

Frank Welker

Franklin Wendell "Frank" Welker (born March 12, 1946) is an American voice actor who has done over 800 different voice roles in various animated films, television shows, video games and commercials. He is best known for doing animal sounds and monster sounds too, and he's known for being the voice of Scooby Doo since 2002 and the current voice of Fred Jones since 1969. Welker is one of the highest-grossing actors in Hollywood.







Walt Dohrn

Walter Jonathan "Walt" Dohrn (born 1970) is an American writer, director, artist, actor, animator, musician, screenwriter, and voice artist. He is best known as the voice of Rumpelstiltskin in "Shrek Forever After". He also did additional voices in "Shrek the Third" and was also the voice of Doodlebob in the "SpongeBob SquarePants" episode "Frankendoodle."

Dohrn has also worked as writer and director of Season 2 of "SpongeBob SquarePants".

List of The Simpsons comics

The following is a list of comic book series based on the animated TV show The Simpsons and published by Bongo Comics in the United States. The first comic strips based on The Simpsons appeared in 1991 in the magazine Simpsons Illustrated (not to be confused with the comic publications from 2012 bearing the same name), which was a companion magazine to the show.

Meigs Field

Merrill C. Meigs Field Airport , was a single strip airport that operated from December 1948 until March 2003. It was built on Northerly Island. 

The airport opened on December 10, 1948, and became America's busiest single-strip airport in 1955. The air traffic tower was built in 1952 and the terminal was built in 1961. The airfield was named for Merrill C. Meigs, an aviation enthuisist.

The airport was a common sight on the Chicago lakefront. It was also known as the default airport in many versions of "Microsoft Flight Simulator". It was featured in Microsoft's "Midtown Madness" and Reflections' "Driver 2" video game. The airport is also the main location of the film "Powers of Ten".

The Main Terminal was used by the Chicago Department of Aviation. The runway at Meigs Field was . There were four helicopter pads at the south end of the runway. 

Corvallis, Oregon

Corvallis is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. Corvallis is the location of Oregon State University. As of 2020, the population was 59,922. It is the county seat of Benton County, as well as the most populated city in Benton County.

Gresham, Oregon

Gresham is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon near Portland.

Hood River, Oregon

Hood River is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon on the Columbia River.

Tillamook, Oregon

Tillamook is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Roseburg, Oregon

Roseburg is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. According to the U.S. Census, 23,683 people lived in Roseburg in 2020.

On 1 October 2015, a gunman killed twelve people and injured twenty others at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg. 

Medford, Oregon

Medford is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Madras, Oregon

Madras is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Bend, Oregon

Bend is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Oregon City, Oregon

Oregon City is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Celtic polytheism

Celtic polytheism is the name for a set of beliefs or religion. Another term frequently used for Celtic polytheism is Celtic paganism. It was originally held by the European people called Celts today. There was a movement to convert these people to Christianity; this process was finished by about 500 AD. 

The first findings relating to this set of beliefs can be dated to about 500 BC. The system of beliefs lasted roughly one millennium, in the La Tène period, and the Roman era. 

In the case of the Celts on the British Isles, this also included parts of the Iron Age. Celtic polytheism was one of the Iron Age polytheistic religions of the Indo-European family.

There are many different names for the gods of the Celtic pantheon. These names have either been recorded by Ancient Greek or Ancient Roman geographers, or they have been found in inscriptions on graves. Among the most prominent of these gods are Teutatis, Taranis and Lugus. People involved in comparative mythology have also added figures from medieval Irish mythology to this list. They say that these figures are deities or heroes from earlier times that have been interpreted in a different way. This process is known as "Euhemerisation", after Euhemeros, a philosopher from Ancient Greece who described this process. 

According to Roman historians, the Celts practiced human sacrifice as part of their religion. There also seems to have been a caste of "magico-religious specialists", which were called druids in Gaul, Britain and Ireland. Little is known about them today.

The Roman Empire conquered Gaul between 58 and 51 BC, and southern Britannia in the year 43 AD. After this, the Celtic religious practices changed, and elements of Romanisation started to show. This resulted in a Gallo-Roman culture, which had its own Gallo-Roman religious traditions. The number of deities increased, and deities such as Cernunnos were added. 

In the 5th and 6th centuries, there was another change, as Christianity became the dominant faith in the Celtic area. It replaced the earlier religions, but influenced later mythology. In the 20th century, a new religious movement called Celtic Neopaganism appeared. 

Coligny calendar

The Coligny calendar is a celtic calendar from roman times. It was found near Lyon in 1897. It was made of bronze, but today, only fragments remain. Studies found that these fragments made up a gallic calendar, which had been created for a period of five years. The calendar indicates both the time of the solar year and the phase of the moon, which is generally called a lunisolar calendar.

It was engraved on a bronze tablet, preserved in 73 fragments, that originally was 1.48 m wide and 0.9 m high (Lambert p. 111) or approximately wide by 3½ feet in height. Based on the style of lettering and the accompanying objects, it probably dates to the end of the 2nd century AD. It is written in Latin inscriptional capitals and is in the Gaulish language (Duval & Pinault). The restored tablet contains sixteen vertical columns, with 62 months distributed over five years.

The French archaeologist, J. Monard, speculated that it was recorded by druids wishing to preserve their tradition of timekeeping in a time when the Julian calendar was being imposed throughout the Roman Empire. However, the general form of the calendar suggests the public peg calendars (or "parapegmata") found throughout the Greek and Roman world (Lehoux pp. 63–65).

A similar calendar found nearby at Villards d'Heria () is only preserved in eight small fragments. It is now preserved in the "Musée d'Archéologie du Jura" at "Lons-le-Saunier".

Lunisolar calendar

A lunisolar calendar is a calendar that uses lunar months but solar years. The Hebrew calendar and the Chinese calendar are lunisolar calendars used today.

Davenport Municipal Airport

Davenport Municipal Airport is an airport in Davenport, Iowa. It was founded in 1948. The Quad City Air Show has been held at this airport since 1987. The air show is held the last weekend of June every year.

The airport is run by Carver Aero Inc. The airport has two runways and a hangar. Most of the airplanes coming in and out of Davenport Municipal are local. However, some private jets also use the airport for longer trips. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration uses the National Weather Service office in Davenport Municipal Airport. The U.S. Army Iowa National Guard 1/109th Aviation Battalion has four CH-47 Chinook helicopters there.

PubMed

PubMed is a free online database of references on life sciences. It was established in January 1996. The United States National Library of Medicine (NLM) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) maintains the database.

Each record in the PubMed database is assigned a special number to identify it. This is the PMID, an acronym for "PubMed IDentifier" number. PMIDs do not change over time and they are never reused. Any PMID is only a number. The PMID tells the reader nothing about the type or quality of the content of any publication.


Clickjacking

Clickjacking is a malicious technique of tricking web users into revealing private information or taking control of their computer while clicking on what look like harmless web pages.

The term "clickjacking" was coined by Jeremiah Grossman and Robert Hansen, that is a combination of the words "click" and "hijacking."

Robert Fortune

Robert Fortune (16 September 1812 – 13 April 1880) was a Scottish plant expert, plant hunter and traveller best known for introducing tea plants from China to India.

Fortune was born in Kelloe, Berwickshire. He was employed in the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh, and later in the garden of Horticultural Society of London at Chiswick. In 1842 was sent out by the Society to collect plants in China.

He brought back to Europe many new, exotic and beautiful flowers. His most famous achievement was the successful introduction of tea from China to India in 1848 on behalf of the British East India Company.

Like some European travellers of that period, such as Walter Medhurst, Fortune disguised himself as a Chinese merchant during several of his journeys into parts of China that were prohibited to him. Not only was Fortune's purchase of tea plants forbidden by the Chinese government of the time, but he was not permitted to travel more than one day from certain ports where Europeans were allowed to trade. Fortune travelled to some areas of China that had seldom been visited by Europeans, including remote areas of Fujian, Guangdong, and Jiangsu provinces.

Fortune employed many different means to transport tea plants, seedlings, and other botanical discoveries, but he is most well known for his use of cases like small greenhouses called Wardian cases (as used by Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward) to keep the plants alive. With these cases Fortune introduced 20,000 tea plants and seedlings to the Darjeeling region of India. He also brought with him a group of trained Chinese tea workers to assist in the production of tea leaves. Except for a few plants which survived in Indian gardens, most of the Chinese tea plants Fortune introduced to India died. The special growing methods and knowledge that was brought over from China, however, may have been very helpful in the later success of the Indian tea industry. 

Apart from his many contributions to plant history, Fortune was the first European to discover that black tea and green tea were actually from the same plant.

In later journeys he visited Formosa (now called Taiwan) and Japan, and described the culture of the silkworm and the growing of rice. He introduced many trees, shrubs and flowers to the West, including the cumquat, a climbing double yellow rose ('Fortune's Double Yellow' (syn. Gold of Ophir) which proved a failure in England's climate) and many varieties of tree peonies, azaleas and chrysanthemums. A climbing white rose that he brought back from China in 1850 was named "R. fortuniana" (syn. "R. fortuneana") in his honor. This rose also proved a failure in England, preferring warmer climates. Today both of these roses are still widely grown by antique rose fanciers in mild winter regions. "R. fortuniana" is also a valuable rootstock in Australia and the southern regions of the United States. 

The stories of his travels were told in a number of different books. He died in London in 1880, and is buried in Brompton Cemetery.

Neuroethology

Neuroethology is the study of animal behavior and its control by the nervous system. Neuroethology explores how the brain links stimuli (e.g. sights, sounds, or smells) to behavior. For example, many bats and Odontoceti have a special ability called echolocation. They use echolocation to find prey and to navigate. Researchers study their auditory system to show how sounds can be changed into a neural representation of sound. Neuroethologists are scientists who study neuroethology. They try to discover how the nervous system works. They often use animals with special behaviors in their research.
The word neuroethology combines ideas from two fields: neurobiology (the study of the nervous system) and ethology (the study of behavior in nature). Neuroethology focusses on natural behavior. Natural behaviors of animals were created by natural selection (e.g., finding mates, moving, avoiding enemies). Neuroethology avoids artificial behaviors like those in lab experiments.

Diane and Guilford Glazer Institute of Jewish Studies

The Institute of Jewish Studies in Nanjing, China has a connection with the Department of Religious Studies at Nanjing University. 

It was created in January, 1992, after friendship between Israel and the People's Republic of China started over again. It gives classes in Jewish lessons where there are over 200 students each year, and has published a Chinese kind of the "Encyclopaedia Judaica", and other books or other things released. It has now created both masters and Ph.D. programs in Jewish leasons, the only Chinese school that has ever done that. It had an worldwide seminar on The Holocaust and the killing of people due to their skin color or religion in World War II on August 7–12, 2005, in Nanjing.

It was renamed the Diane and Guilford Glazer Institute of Jewish Studies after a quarters for it from the Diane and Guilford Glazer Foundation was built in a new building at the school in 2006. It is planned that it will become part of a larger Nanjing University-Johns Hopkins University Institute for International Research. 

The director of the school is professor Xu Xin.



Jeff Dunham

Jeffrey "Jeff" Dunham (born April 18, 1962) is an American ventriloquist, comedian and actor. He has appeared on many television programs. He has four specials that are shown on Comedy Central: "", "", "Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special", and "Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos". Dunham also starred in "The Jeff Dunham Show", a series on the network in 2009. His style has been described as "a dressed-down, more digestible version of Don Rickles with multiple personality disorder". Describing his characters, "Time" observes, "All of them are politically incorrect, gratuitously insulting and ill tempered." Dunham has been credited with reviving ventriloquism, and doing more to promote the art form than anyone since Edgar Bergen.

Dunham has been called "America's favorite comedian" by Slate.com, and according to the concert industry publication "Pollstar", he is the top-grossing standup act in North America, and is among the most successful acts in Europe as well. As of March 2009, he has sold over four million DVDs, an additional $7 million in merchandise sales, and received more than 350 million hits on YouTube (his introduction of Achmed the Dead Terrorist in "Spark of Insanity" is the ninth most watched YouTube video). "A Very Special Christmas Special" was the most-watched telecast in Comedy Central history, with its DVD going quadruple platinum (selling over 400,000) in its first two weeks. "Forbes.com" ranked Dunham as the third highest-paid comedian in the United States behind Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock, and reported that he was one of the highest-earning comics from June 2008 to June 2009, earning approximately $30 million during that period.

Dunham was born in Dallas, Texas on April 18, 1962. When he was three months old he was adopted by real estate appraiser Howard Dunham, and his homemaker wife Joyce, who raised him in a devoutly Presbyterian household in a rich Dallas neighborhood as an only child. He began ventriloquism in 1970 at age eight, when his parents gave him a Mortimer Snerd dummy for Christmas, and an accompanying how-to album. The next day he checked out a how-to book on ventriloquism from the library, and explained in 2011 that he still had it, remarking that he was "a thief in the third grade". By the fourth grade, Dunham decided he not only wanted to be a professional ventriloquist, but the best one ever. Dunham began practicing for hours in front of a mirror, studying the routines of Edgar Bergen, and the how-to record "Jimmy Nelson's Instant Ventriloquism", finding ventriloquism to be a learned skill, similar to juggling, that anyone with a normal speaking voice can acquire. Dunham explains that as an only child, he enjoyed being alone, likening his solitude to a "warm blanket" with which he could explore his own thoughts and ideas, which prepared him for the solitude of living alone when he later moved to Los Angeles as a struggling comedian.

When Dunham was in the sixth grade, he began attending the Vent Haven ConVENTion in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky, an annual international meeting of ventriloquists that includes competitions, where he met Jimmy Nelson in person. Dunham has missed only one ConVENTion since then, in 1977. The organizers of the ConVENTion eventually declared Dunham a "retired champion", ineligible from entering any more competitions, as other attendees were too intimidated to compete against him. The Vent Haven Museum devotes a section to Dunham, alongside Señor Wences and his idol, Edgar Bergen.

Dunham began performing for audiences as a teenager, in various venues such as school, church, and during his job at Six Flags. By his middle school years, he began to perform for banquets attended by local celebrities such as Dallas Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach, having developed his style of lampooning those he performed for, using the puppets to say things too risque for him to say without them. Dunham's television debut came in 1976 when the still prepubescent performer caught the attention of Dallas reporters like Bill O'Reilly, who interviewed Dunham for a local news story. Dunham later did commercials for Datsun dealerships in Dallas and Tyler while in high school. While emceeing a high school talent show, he dealt with a heckler, and won over the rest of the audience. During this period he became so associated with his craft that he and one of his dummies "cowrote" a column in the school paper, and he would pose with his dummies for yearbooks as an inexpensive way to acquire professional photos of his act for promotional purposes. He was voted Most Likely to Succeed, and in 1980, after he graduated from high school, Dunham gave himself a career goal of obtaining, within ten years, an appearance on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", which was seen as the "holy grail" for comedians.

That year Dunham began attending Baylor University, hoping to graduate with a degree in communications, while performing around campus. He would also fly around the country on weekends, doing up to 100 private shows a year, entertaining corporate customers such as General Electric, whose CEO, Jack Welch, he mocked during his routine. By his junior year in college (1983–1984), Dunham was making $70,000 a year, and as word spread of his act, he landed featured spots opening for Bob Hope and George Burns, though he still perceived his act as raw, as he did not have any knowledge of standup comedy beyond his Bill Cosby albums. He caught a break in 1985 when he was asked to join the Broadway show "Sugar Babies" with Mickey Rooney and Ann Miller, replacing the outgoing variety act. For the naive and devoutly-raised Dunham, Broadway was a new world filled with beautiful showgirls and crusty stagehands, and his first taste of entertainment industry egos came when Rooney called Dunham into his dressing room, and told him he was there for one reason alone: so that Rooney could change his costumes. Dunham also performed at the Westbury Music Fair on Long Island. These early experiences, in which he used characters like José Jalapeño on a Stick, taught him the value of modifying his act regionally, as the jalapeño jokes that worked well in Texas were not as well received by audiences in Long Island.

After graduating from Baylor University in 1986, he continued honing his act in comedy clubs in the Southwest with new characters such as Peanut and Jose Jalapeño, but struggled against the perception he relates from fellow comedians that he was not a true a comedian because he relied on props. His experience at Catch a Rising Star in New York City served as a bitter confirmation of where ventriloquists stood in the comedic food chain, as the emcee at that club gave Dunham little respect. According to Dunham, after he arrived at the club in the evening and informed the emcee that he was a ventriloquist, the emcee reacted with derision, telling Dunham that he would be given a late time slot, and after that time slot came and passed, kept postponing Dunham's stage time until Dunham left the club. By the end of 1988, Dunham felt his career went as far as it could go in Texas, and he moved to Los Angeles, California, never having, as he has commented, "a real job", much to the concern of his parents, who assumed he would relegate his act to local venues such as church groups. When he first arrived in Los Angeles, the comedy in his act bombed. Dunham attributes to his underdeveloped comedy, explaining that while the characters' personalities were developed at that point, his jokes were not. In addition to this, the comedy world was not welcoming to ventriloquists, and his manager, Judi Brown-Marmel, did not use the word "ventriloquist" when finding bookings for him, choosing to present him as a comedy duo. After Dunham became friends with Mike Lacey, the owner of The Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach, Lacey gave Dunham a steady slot at the club, where Dunham sharpened his act by observing the techniques of comedians like Jerry Seinfeld, and taking the advice of colleague Bill Engvall, moving away from his G-Rated material toward edgier, more adult themes.

At the end of 1988, Dunham was told by James McCawley, a talent booker for "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", that Dunham would be given a spot on the program. Though the 26-year-old Dunham was elated that his 10-year goal was arriving two years early, McCawley later cancelled Dunham's appearance after attending, with Roseanne Barr, a public performance of Dunham's the day before Dunham's scheduled "Tonight Show" taping. McCawley informed Dunham on the day of the scheduled taping that he had been wrong in his initial assessment of Dunham, whom he now said was not ready for "The Tonight Show". His dreams dashed, the humiliated Dunham continued to tighten his act in Los Angeles clubs, performing same six minute segment with Peanut a total of nine times for McCawley over the next few months. Finally at the Ice-House in Pasadena in April 1990, after Dunham did the same segment, McCawley informed Dunham that he would finally get his "Tonight Show" appearance. Dunham and Peanut appeared on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" on April 6, 1990, alongside guests Bob Hope and B.B. King. Following his bit, he was invited to sit on Johnny Carson’s couch, a mark of approval that only three comedians had ever garnered during their first Carson appearance. Upon sitting down next to Carson's desk, Dunham pulled out Walter, who told Carson sidekick Ed McMahon, "Stop sending me all your damn mail." At the time, Dunham saw his "Tonight Show" appearance as his big break, but was frustrated at his parents' initial disapproval over Walter's use of the words "hell" and "damn", and he would toil in obscurity for another twelve years, continuing his stand up at venues such as The Improv chain, and appearing in small roles on TV. One of these was such as a 1996 episode of "Ellen", in which he appeared with Walter. Dunham also appeared with Walter in a TV commercial for Hertz. Dunham would appear on "The Tonight Show" a total of four times, as well as similar TV venues such as "Hot Country Nights", appearing in one segment on that show with singer Reba McEntire. This exposure helped make Dunham a large theater headliner, a rare accomplishment for a ventriloquist, but by the mid 1990s, his television appearances had dwindled, and with them, so did his stage audiences.

Dunham moved back to clubs, more than 200 appearances a year. To maintain a connection with his fan base, he would use question cards that he had audiences fill out for his performances to build a database, which was tailor-made for the burgeoning World Wide Web. Though he was voted Funniest Male Standup at the American Comedy Awards in 1998, his club work kept him away from his wife and daughters between two and three weeks each month, which put a strain on his marriage, and made paying bills for his expanded family difficult. By 2002, Dunham was hoping to obtain more TV work to raise his profile and ease his standup schedule. Such exposure was elusive until a successful appearance on "The Best Damn Sports Show Period", where Dunham and Walter made jokes at the expense of co-hosts Tom Arnold, Michael Irvin, John Salley and John Kruk, generating laughter from them, and giving Dunham much-needed exposure. In 2003, Dunham was the frontrunner to replace Jimmy Kimmel on "Fox NFL Sunday", but hosts Howie Long and Terry Bradshaw were not amenable to the idea of being upstaged by a puppet, and, as Dunham tells it, did not provide a welcoming atmosphere to Dunham, nor allow him to get a word in edgewise during his appearance.

On July 18, 2003, Dunham appeared on "Comedy Central Presents", his first solo appearance on Comedy Central. During his half hour piece, he showcased José Jalapeño on a Stick, Walter, an early version of Melvin the Superhero Guy and Peanut, whom Dunham had begun to merchandise into a line of dolls. The appearance was successful, but Comedy Central resisted giving Dunham more airtime, feeling that he was not a good fit for them. By 2005 Dunham decided to gamble on financing his own comedy DVD, "", which was taped in Santa Ana, California. Dunham’s manager, Judi Brown-Marmel, lobbied the network to air it, pointing to Dunham's drawing power and merchandising profits, and arguing that the network needed more diverse content. Surprised by the high ratings of the first Blue Collar Comics concert movie that same year, the network began to reconsider its brand. In late 2006, Comedy Central aired "Arguing with Myself", drawing two million viewers when it aired, and selling two million DVDs.

In 2007, Dunham appeared as The Amazing Ken with José Jalapeño on a Stick in the Larry the Cable Guy feature film "Delta Farce".

His second special, "", was taped at the Warner Theater in Washington, D.C. that same year. It served not only to cement Dunham's stardom, but to introduce his most controversial character, Achmed the Dead Terrorist, which became a viral Internet sensation. A clip of Achmed from "Insanity" attracted over 140 million hits on YouTube, making it the ninth most watched clip on that website as of October 2009. By 2008, Dunham's characters had crossed language barriers, with his specials dubbed for audiences in various countries such as France, and Dunham attracting requests for performances in South Africa, Australia, Norway, Denmark, China and the Middle East. "Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special" was taped at the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee, Wisconsin that same year, and premiered on Comedy Central on November 16, 2008, watched by 6.6 million people. It became available on DVD and Blu-ray on November 18, 2008. The special's premiere was the highest rated telecast in Comedy Central's history. 

In September 2008, Dunham's career reached new heights as he began performing in arenas filled with tens of thousands of people. Dunham was somewhat wary of such large venues, but adapted by adjusting the timing of his often rapid exchanges with the puppets so that audience members farthest from the stage could have time to react. 

In addition to his comedy specials, Dunham also released his first music album, "Don't Come Home for Christmas", on November 4, 2008. It contains original Christmas songs as well as a parody of "Jingle Bells" by Achmed entitled "Jingle Bombs". All the songs, with the exception of "Jingle Bombs", were written and accompanied by Brian Haner, who joined Dunham's act as "Guitar Guy". His first onscreen appearance was in "Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special".

In March 2009, Dunham signed a multi-platform deal with Comedy Central. It included a fourth stand-up special to air in 2010, DVDs, a consumer products partnership, a 60-city tour beginning in September 2010, and an order for a television series called "The Jeff Dunham Show" that premiered on October 22, 2009. Despite having the most-watched premiere in Comedy Central history, and higher average ratings than other shows on that network, the show was canceled after only one season, amid poor reviews and higher production costs than other Comedy Central shows.

Dunham appeared in a guest role with Bubba J on NBC's sictom "30 Rock", playing a ventriloquist named Rick Wayne and his dummy Pumpkin from Stone Mountain, Georgia. In November 2009 Dunham also appeared with Walter in "Hart to Hart", an episode of the Disney Channel series "Sonny With a Chance", as two security guards.

Dunham appeared in the 2010 Steve Carell/Paul Rudd comedy, "Dinner for Schmucks", as Lewis, with a new puppet named Diane.

His fourth special, "Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos", premiered on September 25, 2011 on Comedy Central.

In January 2008, Dunham was voted by fans the Top Comic in Comedy Central's “Stand-Up Showdown.” He is the only person ever to win the "Ventriloquist of the Year" Award twice, was nominated "Comedian of the Year" by the TNN Music City News Country Awards, and has drawn praise from the "Dallas Morning News" for his technique and timing.

Some have accused Dunham's characters of being racist caricatures, sexist, and homophobic. In 2008, a TV commercial for a ringtone featuring Dunham's character Achmed the Dead Terrorist (see Characters below) was banned by the South African Advertising Standards Authority after a complaint was filed by a citizen stating that the ad was offensive to Muslims, and portrayed all Muslims as terrorists. Dunham responded that "Achmed makes it clear in my act that he is not Muslim." However, the Advertising Standards Authority noted that the name Achmed was of Arab origin and was one of the names of Muhammad. Dunham responded, "I've skewered whites, blacks, Hispanics, Christians, Jews, Muslims, gays, straights, rednecks, addicts, the elderly, and my wife. As a standup comic, it is my job to make the majority of people laugh, and I believe that comedy is the last true form of free speech." He further commented, "I'm considering renaming Achmed, 'Bill.'" Dunham has conceded that he does exhibit particular sensitivity to the "conservative country crowd," or those characterized by "basic Christian values," as they are one of his largest constituencies, and part of his upbringing.

Dunham was heckled and criticized for mocking TV critics during a July 2009 press tour to promote his then-upcoming Comedy Central TV series, "The Jeff Dunham Show", as well as Comedy Central programming chief Lauren Correo. In October 2009 "The Jeff Dunham Show" enjoyed good initial ratings, but was not well liked by critics, who did not find it funny, and either questioned the wisdom of translating his act into a series, or conceded a prejudice against Dunham, his previous specials, or ventriloquism itself.

J.P. Williams, the producer of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour, has opined that Dunham's act is not funny on its own merits, and that his material gets a greater reaction because of the puppet characters that it would otherwise not garner by itself. Blue Collar veteran Bill Engvall, a friend of Dunham's insists otherwise, saying that Dunham is inherently funny with or without the puppets.

In 2003, BRASMA Publications released "Dear Walter", a collection of questions asked of Dunham's fictional curmudgeon at live performances, authored by Dunham, and Walter Cummings.

Dunham's autobiography, "All By My Selves: Walter, Peanut, Achmed and Me", was published by Dutton in November 2010.

Walter is a retired, grumpy old man with arms always crossed in discontent. Dunham was inspired to create Walter when he watched Bette Davis' final appearance on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", giving her honest, unfiltered candor to Walter, and patterning Walter's frown on Dunham's own. He has a brash, negative and often sarcastic view on today's world. He is a Vietnam War veteran and a former welder, and "doesn't give a damn" about anyone, especially his own wife and certain audience members. Walter has appeared in all four Comedy Central specials. He's been married for several decades, and when Dunham asks him if he remembers the happiest moment of his life after Walter tells him he has been married for forty-six years, Walter responds, "Forty-"seven" years ago!" Dunham created the Walter puppet himself, including both the initial sculpture and the silicon mold, though he eventually began using professional effects companies for the latter stages with his subsequent puppets.

Peanut is a hyperactive, purple-skinned "woozle" with white fur covering most of his body, a tuft of green hair on the top of his head, and one sneaker on his left foot. Dunham explains in "Arguing with Myself" that Peanut is from a small Micronesian island, and that they met in Florida. Peanut's humor is not based on a particular motif or stereotype, as those of the other characters, and has been described as "the bad kid". He often makes fun of Dunham, and torments and mocks José Jalapeño on a Stick. Touching upon his unusual appearance and personality, he asks Dunham in "Arguing with Myself", after Dunham denies ever having done drugs, "Then how the hell did you come up with "me"?"

José is a talking jalapeño pepper on a stick who wears a small sombrero. José, who speaks with a thick Latin accent, is typically paired with Peanut, who often makes fun of José, uses appeals to Latino stereotypes when doing so, and makes fun of his being on a stick. Although José was not Dunham's first puppet, it was the first that Dunham made himself.

Bubba J is a beer-drinking redneck that Dunham describes in "Arguing with Myself" and "A Very Special Christmas Special" as "white trash trailer park", and whom Dunham uses for humor centered on such stereotypes. To this end, he frequently does jokes involving Bubba J's love of drinking beer and NASCAR, and his low intelligence. Touching upon such stereotypes, Bubba mentions in "Arguing with Myself" that he met his wife at a family reunion, and remembers seeing her with a corn dog in one hand, a beer in another, and leaning against a ferris wheel, "making it tilt". Although he does not appear onstage, Bubba has a prominent role as the backstage security guard in "Controlled Chaos".

Dunham introduces Sweet Daddy Dee in "" as his "new manager". He calls himself a "pimp", which he says stands for "Player In the Management Profession." According to Sweet Daddy, because he is a pimp, that makes Jeff the "ho". When Dunham objects, Daddy Dee points out that Dunham makes people laugh and feel good for a living. When Dunham agrees that this is the case, Daddy Dee says, "You a ho." When Dunham asks what he would say if he told him that he was a comedian only because he enjoyed it, Daddy Dee responds, "You a "dumb" ho."

Melvin wears a blue superhero costume, and is used to poke fun at superheroes. When asked about his superhuman powers, he indicates that he has X-ray vision, adding, "I love looking at boobies!" He appears to have no other powers, however: When Dunham asks how far he can fly, he responds, "How far can you throw me?", and when asked if he can stop a bullet like Superman, he responds, "Yeah. Once." Dunham portrays Melvin as unimpressed with other superheroes: When told Superman can leap tall buildings in a single bound, Melvin dismisses him as a "showoff," arguing that he can simply walk around them, observes that Aquaman has the same powers as SpongeBob SquarePants, asserts that the Flash's super speed is derived from methamphetamine, that the Hulk's vaunted ability to get stronger as he gets angrier merely mirrors "every white trash guy on "COPS"," and makes innuendo about the questionable relationship between Batman and the underage Robin. Melvin's first onscreen appearance was in the July 2003 "Comedy Central Presents" episode, in which he had small, black, beady eyes. By his next appearance, in "Spark of Insanity", he had been modified to have large, blue, crossed eyes. He also has an enormous nose, which he claims is his symbol, and whose similarity in shape to that of a penis is alluded to in the act. Dunham sculpted the current version of Melvin's head himself, and hired an effects company called Renegade Effects Groups to create the rubber mold and complete the puppet, before then installing the mechanics himself.

Achmed is the skeletal corpse of an incompetent suicide bomber, whom Dunham uses to satirize the contemporary issue of terrorism. He is known for yelling, "Silence! I kill you!" to Dunham and people laughing in the audience. Achmed first appeared in "Spark of Insanity", and later made an appearance in the "Very Special Christmas Special", singing a song called "Jingle Bombs". He also dubs the so-called Guitar Guy "You racist bastard"! for warming up with typical Arab chords. Most of the humor Dunham expresses with Achmed centers on this motif. When mentioning that Achmed appears to be dead because he's a skeleton, Achmed responds, "It's a flesh wound." When Dunham inquires as to how he died, Achmed explains his incompetence with explosives, while also casting aspersions on Dunham's sexual prowess, by saying that they both suffer from "premature detonation." Although he frequently mentions working for Osama, Achmed claims he does not think he's a Muslim ("look at my ass! It says 'Made in China'"). As of June 2009, the sketch in which Dunham introduced Achmed is the fourth most watched online video ever, having amassed nearly 200 million views. The large, round, articulated eyes of puppets such as Achmed and Achmed Junior are constructed by the same effects artist who created the dinosaur eyes for the "Jurassic Park" films.

Diane first appeared with Dunham in the 2010 film "Dinner for Schmucks" as "Debbie", his character's "wife". She made her stand-up debut in Dunham's Identity Crisis Tour 2010.

Achmed Junior is the estranged son of Achmed. He first appeared during the Identity Crisis Tour 2010, and makes his first onscreen appearance in Dunham's fourth special, "Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos". Like his father, Achmed Junior is the victim of a bomb, which resulted in the destruction of the half of his face and body. He speaks with a British accent, and does not wish to be a suicide bomber.

Other characters that Dunham has voiced include a miniature puppet of Peanut's, which turns out to be a small version of Dunham himself, and an unseen worm inside a bottle of tequila, both of which he has used, for example, in his appearance on A&E's "An Evening at The Improv". The miniature Dunham puppet was also used in Dunham's 2011 Comedy Central special, "Controlled Chaos".

Dunham met his first wife, Paige Brown, at the Comedy Corner in West Palm Beach, Florida, after she had sent him a fan letter following a previous performance. They began dating in December 1992. Brown, who had a one and a half year-old daughter, Bree, moved out to Los Angeles in June 1993. Dunham married Brown, and adopted Bree in May 1994. They would have two other daughters, Ashlyn in 1995 and Kenna was born in 1997. Though Dunham never missed major events such as birthdays, his work would keep him away from home two and a half to three weeks a month, which proved difficult for the family. By January 2008 Dunham's career proved such a strain to their marriage that they began marriage counseling and Dunham was so depressed that he canceled a week's worth of shows, something he had never done before. In November 2008 Dunham filed for divorce. The months following the end of his marriage were a devastating period for him, resulting in difficulty in being on stage, as Walter's jokes about marriage rang a bit too true. In 2009, Dunham met fellow Texas native Audrey Murdick, a certified nutritionist, personal trainer and competition bodybuilder, and by mid-2009, they were in a committed relationship. On December 25, 2011 Dunham and Murdick became engaged.

In addition to building the dummies he uses in his act, Dunham also restores antique ones as a hobby, such as The Umpire, a mechanized dummy built in 1941 to work the plate at a girl's softball game, but which went unused and packed away for 50 years, before Dunham acquired it in early 2008.

Dunham has harbored a love of helicopters since childhood and is fond of building and flying his own kit helicopters from Rotorway helicopter kits. At the time he finished writing his autobiography in June 2010, he was beginning to build his fourth kit. He is also an aficionado of muscle cars and Apple Computer products.


Jimmy Kimmel

James Christian "Jimmy" Kimmel (born November 13, 1967) is an American comedian, voice actor, actor, writer, producer, musician, television host, and radio personality. He is the host and creator of "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", a late-night talk show that airs on ABC.

He is of German and Italian ancestry.

Planes, Trains and Automobiles

Planes, Trains and Automobiles is a 1987 American comedy movie released by Paramount Pictures. It was written, produced and directed by John Hughes. It stars Steve Martin and John Candy.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 94% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Siskel & Ebert" gave the movie two thumbs up and Siskel declared that was it John Candy’s best role to date. The movie is featured in Roger Ebert's Great Movies collection.


Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted

Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted (also known as Madagascar 3) is a 2012 American computer-animated movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It is the third movie of the "Madagascar" movie series and is a sequel to the first two "Madagascar" films. It is the first 3-D movie in the series. It is directed by Eric Darnell, Tom McGrath, and Conrad Vernon. It was released on June 8, 2012.

Unlike the previously movie was published by Activision, "Madagascar 3: The Video Game" is developed by D3 Publisher.

Pharrell Williams

Pharrell Lanscilo Williams (; born April 5, 1973) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer. Williams and Chad Hugo are members of The Neptunes. They produce hip hop, pop and R&B music. He is also the lead vocalist of the band N*E*R*D. He formed the band with Hugo and childhood friend Shay Haley. He released his first single "Frontin'" in 2003. His first studio album "In My Mind" was released in 2006.

As part of the Neptunes, Williams has produced many singles for various musicians. These artists include Jay-Z, Backstreet Boys, Blackstreet, Ludacris, Rage Against the Machine, Britney Spears, Busta Rhymes, Garbage, Mary J. Blige, and Usher. The two have earned three Grammy Awards in ten nominations. He is also the co-founder of the streetwear brands Billionaire Boys Club and Ice Cream footwear.

Williams became more well-known worldwide during 2013 and 2014, when he was featured on Robin Thicke's single "Blurred Lines" with T.I. (which he produced) and released his own single, "Happy", for the movie "Despicable Me 2". Both songs reached number one in several countries around the world, including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia. He was also featured on Daft Punk's single "Get Lucky", another international chart-topper.

Williams and model/designer Helen Lasichanh have a son, Rocket Williams (born in 2008). The couple married on October 12, 2013. In January 2017, the couple welcomed triplets.


Pradikta Wicaksono

Pradikta Wicaksono (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, January 10, 1986) or often called Dikta, is an Indonesian singer. He is a singer for the group Yovie & Nuno, along with Dudi Oris. He joined Yovie & Nuno in 2007.

Pradikta Wicaksono was born in Jakarta on January 10, 1986. He was the second child of three siblings.


Ready to Die

Ready to Die is the debut studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G.. It was released on September 13, 1994 by Bad Boy Records. "Ready to Die" was ranked #133 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time and was included in Time's list of the 100 greatest albums of all time. In 1996, the single "Big Poppa" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 38th Grammy Awards. It lost to rapper Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise". It was Biggie's only studio album that was released during his lifetime as he was murdered days prior to the release of his second studio album, Life After Death (1997).

Adipati Koesmadji

Adipati Koesmadji (born in Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia, August 19, 1991) or also known as the Adipati Dolken is an actor from Indonesia. Adipati Koesmadji began to be known since role as "Virgo" in the soap opera that aired on SCTV, "Kepompong".




Terry Balsamo

Terry Balsamo (born October 8, 1972) is an American guitarist. He is the former guitarist of the rock bands Cold and Evanescence. He was Evanescence's lead guitarist from 2003 to 2015. He co-wrote on the albums "The Open Door" (2006) and "Evanescence" (2011).

Balsamo uses Ibanez guitars.


List of Japanese footballers

This is a list of football (soccer) players from Japan.




Nicholas Lyndhurst

Nicholas Simon Lyndhurst (born 20 April 1961) is a British actor. He was born in Gosport, Hampshire. He played roles in television sitcoms "Going Straight", "Butterflies", "Only Fools and Horses", "The Two of Us", "Goodnight Sweetheart", "After You've Gone" and "Rock & Chips".

Range (biology)

In biology, the range or distribution of a species is the geographical area or 
habitat where the species live.

Sometimes, when species are found in different regions at different times of year, terms such as summer range and winter range can be used. When discussing about animals, the species' natural range is often discussed.

There are at least five types of distribution patterns:



Victoria Azarenka

Victoria Azarenka (, ; born 31 July 1989) is a Belarusian tennis player. She won the mixed doubles at the 2007 US Open and at the 2008 French Open. She won the singles at the 2012 and 2013 Australian Open. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the singles and a gold medal in the mixed doubles. She is a former world number 1. As of 8 July 2013, she was the world number 3. 
She was born in Minsk and lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco.


Japanese Bobtail

The Japanese Bobtail is a breed of cat from Japan. It has a short tail. 

The Maneki Neko is usually a Calico cat (Japanese Bobtail).

Maneki Neko

, also known as "welcoming cat", "lucky cat", "money cat" or "fortune cat", is a common Japanese figurine. It is a lucky charm. This small statue is found in many Japanese shops, and it is also seen in some places outside Japan.

"Maneki neko" is usually painted as a Calico cat (Japanese Bobtail), but new colors has appeared recently (for example, white, red, black, pink, blue and gold). It usually has the right paw raised. Some of these statues have the left paw raised.

The statue commonly has a gold coin called a "koban" around the cat's neck.

Tokoname in Aichi Prefecture is Japan's top producer of "Maneki neko".

This is the meaning of the colors

Maneki-neko can be found with either the right or left paw raised (and sometimes both). 
Generally, a right paw raised brings good luck and wealth, while the left paw raised brings in customers.

"Maneki neko" was a mascot of the silk industry, but now it is considered to be a mascot of business prosperity.
Different theories say that the Maneki neko came from Imado temples or that it came from Gotoku temples. 



Hugo (movie)

Hugo is a 2011 American 3D adventure drama movie that is based on Brian Selznick's novel "The Invention of Hugo Cabret". The movie is about a boy who lives alone in a Paris railway station and the owner of a toy shop there. It was directed by Martin Scorsese, while the screenwriter was John Logan. It is a co-production of Graham King's GK Films and Johnny Depp's Infinitum Nihil. It stars Asa Butterfield, Ben Kingsley, Chloë Grace Moretz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Ray Winstone, Emily Mortimer, and Jude Law.

"Hugo" is Scorsese's first movie to be shot in 3D.

In 1931, Hugo Cabret is a 12-year-old boy who lives with his father, a widowed, but kind and devoted master clockmaker in Paris. Hugo's father takes him to see movies and he loves the movies of Georges Méliès best of all. Hugo's father is burned alive in a museum fire, and Hugo is taken away by his uncle, an alcoholic watchmaker who is responsible for maintaining the clocks in the railway station of Gare Montparnasse. His uncle teaches him to take care of the clocks, then disappears. Hugo lives between the walls of the station, maintaining the clocks, stealing food and working on his father's most ambitious project: repairing a broken automaton – a mechanical man who is supposed to write with a pen. Hugo steals mechanical parts in the station to repair the automaton, but he is caught by a toy store owner who takes away Hugo's blueprints for the automaton. The automaton is missing one part – a heart–shaped key. Convinced that the automaton contains a message from his father, Hugo goes to desperate lengths to fix the machine. He gains the assistance of Isabelle, a girl close to his age and the goddaughter of the toy shop owner. He introduces Isabelle to the movies, which her godfather has never let her see. Isabelle turns out to have the key to the automaton. When they use the key to activate the automaton, it produces a drawing of a movie scene Hugo remembers his father telling him about. They discover that the movie was created by Georges Méliès, Isabelle's godfather, an early – but now neglected and disillusioned – cinema legend, and that the automaton was a beloved creation of his, from his days as a magician. In the end, the children reconnect Georges with his past and with a new generation of cinema lovers who have come to appreciate his work


The movie appeared on the following critics' top ten lists for the best movies of 2011:

Hokota, Ibaraki

Hokota is a city in Ibaraki, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Fukuro, Shizuoka

Fukuro is a city in Shizuoka, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Fujieda, Shizuoka

Fujieda (藤枝市, Fujieda-shi) is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the main island of Honshū.

Iizuka, Fukuoka

Iizuka is a small city in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Kyūshū.

Takaoka, Toyama

Takaoka was established in 1609. It developed as a castle town.

The modern city of Takaoka was established in 1889.

In 1933, Takaoka's large statue of the Buddha ("Daibutsu") was created.


According to Japanese census data,


Hirakata

Hirakata is a city in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

Kurashiki

Kurashiki (Japanese: 倉敷) is a city in Okayama Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

It has been recognized as a core city since 2002.

The town has been a center of business and trade for a long time. It is on a canal near Mt. Tsurugata. Kurashiki was not badly damaged during World War II. Many old storehouses, or kura, are here in their original condition. Kurashiki is a popular tourist spot.

There are several museums in the historic "Bikan" neighborhood of the city.

Ichinomiya, Aichi

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

In the Edo period, Ichinomiya grew up around the Masumida Shrine. It was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Owari Province.


The city is northwest of Nagoya.


Takasaki

It has been recognized as a core city since 2011.

The tradition of the daruma doll as a good luck charm was started at the in Takasaki.


Takatsuki, Osaka

Takatsuki is a city in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

It has been recognized as a core city since 2003.


Ōmihachiman

Ōmihachiman is a city in Shiga Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Sakado, Saitama

Sakado is a city in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Hamamatsu

Hamamatsu is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. Every May 3-5, the Hammamatsu Festival is held in the city. There are three wards (Chūō, Hamana, and Tenryū) in this city on and after January 1, 2024.


Numazu

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

In the Edo period, "Numazu-juku" and "Hara-juku" was the 12th and 13th of 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto. Both Tōkaidō rest stops are within the boundaries of modern Numazu.



Kaminoyama

Kaminoyama is a city in Yamagata Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Western philosophy

Western philosophy is the school of thinking of Western civilization. Generally, it is seen to start with the philosophy of Ancient Greece. Its early devleopment mainly occurred in Europe and the countries around the Mediterranean. 

It is different from Eastern philosophy, which developed in Asian countries such as China, Persia, Japan, India and Korea. 

Philosophical thought developed in Babylon, and that relating to Islam are sometimes counted as "Eastern", and sometimes as "Western".

Shizuoka (city)

Shizuoka is the capital city of Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. The population was 3,765,044 in 2010. There are three areas of the city: Aoi, Suruga, and Shimizu.






Fuji, Shizuoka

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

In the Edo period, was the 14th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.



Futsal

Futsal is a sport that is like association football, but on hard court. It is played on indoor courts by two teams with five players each. Its name is short for "futbol de salao", which means "room football" in the Portuguese language, or "fútbol de sala", which is the same in the Spanish language. Futsal is most popular in European countries, like Portugal, Spain, Italy, Russia and Kazakhstan and South American countries, like Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay. However, it is also played in many other countries.

The pitch is between 38 and 42 meters long and between 20 and 25 meters wide. This is shorter and narrower than football. The pitch is a hard court and smooth, unlike grass in football. The halves of the game are both twenty minutes long, shorter than the usual 45 minutes in football. There are 6 players on the court in total, including the goalkeeper. Substitutions are unlimited, and the maximum number of subs is 9. Players who break the rules can get yellow or red cards. If a player gets a red card, they can't play in that game anymore. The team that got the red card also has to play with one less player for two minutes or until the other team scores a goal. Another difference from football is that when the ball goes out, instead of throwing it back in, it is kicked in. There is also no offside in futsal.

A teacher from Uruguay called Juan Carlos Ceriani made the game in 1930. The rules were made in Sao Paulo, Brazil in 1933. He used rule templates from Football (soccer), Basketball, and Handball. A World Championship was held in 1971 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The first Futsal World Cup was in 1989 in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Since 1992 it is played every 4 years. In the 2016 Summer Olympics, Futsal was played for the first time in the Olympics.

The importance of futsal are the rules. There is a 6 second rules on the goalkeeper if they hold it longer it is a foul called on the goalkeeper. I will add the importance of no throw ins you have to set the ball on the floor and play. Free-kicks have to be 2 touch and the wall has to be 2 feet or 3 feet away The goalkeeper punts are not allowed in futsal , It is a closed area or open with a net or ceiling on top. Soccer and futsal are very different. Soccer is a sport that is played on a way bigger pitch with 10 players (110 by 100m long and 75 by 64 m wide) and it has different motion throughout the game like how the ball moves fast , slow you may never know. Futsal has about 5-6 players and the pitch is 3x smaller than a soccer pitch and it is about (25 - 42 m long 16 - 20 m wide). There are no slide tackles or else the is a foul called on you. Their is headers available but futsal is usually played fast and on the floor. If the ball touches the top net or ceiling it is the other teams ball. 


Niigata (city)

Niigata has eight neighborhoods or wards ("ku").

On April 1, 2007 Niigata City became the largest Nihonkai coast city as a government-designated city.


Raymond Chandler

Raymond Chandler (July 23, 1888 – March 26, 1959) was an American novelist and a screenwriter. He was born in Chicago. He became a detective fiction writer after he lost a position as an oil executive.

His first short story, "Blackmailers Don't Shoot", was published in 1933 in "Black Mask," a popular pulp magazine. His first novel, "The Big Sleep", was published in 1939. In addition to his short stories, Chandler published just seven novels during his lifetime. In the year before he died, he was elected president of the Mystery Writers of America. He died on March 26, 1959, in La Jolla, California.


These are the criminal cases of Philip Marlowe, a Los Angeles private investigator. Their plots follow a pattern in which the men and women who hire him reveal themselves to be as corrupt, corrupting, and criminally complicit as those against whom he is hired to protect them.


2014 Commonwealth Games

The 2014 Commonwealth Games were held in Glasgow, Scotland.

It is the largest multi-sport event ever held in Scotland, although the country previously hosted the 1970 and 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh. Over the last 10 years, however, Glasgow and Scotland have also staged World, Commonwealth, European, or British events in all 17 sports proposed for the 2014 Commonwealth Games, including the World Badminton Championships in 1997.

Scotland was the first country to consider hosting the 2014 Commonwealth Games in 2004, with Scottish cities being invited by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland to consider making a bid. In September 2004, Glasgow was announced as the Scottish candidate city over Edinburgh (which hosted the Games in 1970 and 1986, and the inaugural Commonwealth Youth Games in 2000) following a cost-benefit analysis by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland. The Scottish Executive under then First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell, with the support of the United Kingdom government and all main parties in the Scottish Parliament, formally announced Glasgow's intention to host the games on 16 August 2005.
In March 2006, the bidding process began, with the Glasgow Bid team presenting their case to the Commonwealth Games Federation at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, along with the other confirmed candidate cities; the Nigerian capital, Abuja and Halifax in Canada. In October 2006, the first voting delegates arrived in Glasgow, in order to inspect the city's existing and proposed amenities and facilities. Glasgow announced on 16 January 2007, the 17 sports to be included should its bid be successful. Halifax later withdrew its bid on 8 March 2007, following the withdrawal of funding from the municipal government.

Bullfinch

Bullfinches are a genus of passerine birds in the finch family (Fringillidae). They belong to the genus Pyrrhula. 

The genus has a palearctic distribution. All species occur in Asia with two species exclusively in the Himalayas and one species, "P. pyrrhula", also occurring in Europe. The Azores bullfinch ("P. murina") is a critically endangered species (about 120 pairs remaining), occurring only in the east of the island of São Miguel in the Azores archipelago. 

Analysis of the mitochondrial DNA cytochrome "b" sequence indicates that the holarctic pine grosbeak ("Pinicola enucleator") is the sister group to the ancestor of the bullfinches. 

The evolution of the bullfinch species started soon after the pine grosbeak's ancestors diverged from them (at the end of the middle Miocene, about a dozen million years ago (mya). It is fairly certain is that the bullfinch radiation started in the general area of the Himalayas. The mountain finches also seem to be part of this clade.

Bullfinches have glossy black wings and tail feathers. They show a white rump. The legs and feet are fleshy brown. Their short, swollen bill is adapted to eat buds, and is black except in "P. nipalensis", which has a yellowish bill. The males can be distinguished by their orange or red breast. Some species have a black cap.

Probably most populations are partially migratory. Most migrants move short or medium distances. North European birds move within a wider compass than central European birds. Numbers migrating show marked annual fluctuations; no link with any particular food source has been established. Autumn migration begins late, and is fairly brief, mostly October–November; spring migration February–April.

The Eurasian bullfinch population in Britain has been in serious decline since the mid-1970s; numbers have fallen by 62 per cent in 35 years. Data suggests that productivity has increased over the last decade, and nest failure rates at the chick stage (15 days) have fallen from 37% to 21%.

Goldfinch

Goldfinch are finches of the genus Carduelis. They are small passerine birds of the family Fringillidae.

The goldfinch breeds across Europe, North Africa, and western and central Asia, in open, partially wooded lowlands. It is resident in the milder west of its range, but migrates from colder regions. It will also make local movements, even in the west, to escape bad weather. It has been introduced to many areas of the world.

The goldfinch's preferred food is small seeds such as those from thistles and teasels, but insects are also taken when feeding young. It also regularly visits bird feeders in winter. They nest in the outer twigs of tall leafy trees, or even in bamboo, laying four to six eggs which hatch in 11–14 days.

In the winter goldfinches group together to form flocks of up to forty birds, occasionally more. The song is a pleasant silvery twittering.

Margaret Corbin

Margaret Corbin (born Margaret Cochran, November 12, 1751 – January 16, 1800) was a woman who fought in the American Revolutionary War She and her husband John Corbin were both from Philadelphia. On November 16, 1776, they were part of 600 American soldiers defending Fort Washington in northern Manhattan. The fort was being attacked by about 4,000 Hessian troops under British command. John and Margaret worked one of the two cannons at the fort. When her husband died, Margaret took his place at his cannon. She kept firing until she was badly hurt. She later became the first woman in U.S. history to get a pension from Congress for military service.

David Strassman

David Strassman (born September 6, 1957) is an American ventriloquist. He is widely known for performing Chuck and Ted E. Bare, as well as many other puppets.

Machida, Tokyo

The city was founded on February 1, 1958.

Before 1965, Machida was a group of farm villages near Tokyo.



Ichikawa, Chiba

Ichikawa is a city in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. It is just to the east of Tokyo. There are a lot of schools and universities there. Ichikawa station is between Koiwa and Motoyawata Stations on the Chūō-Sōbu Line.





Niihama

Niihama is a city in Ehime Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Shikoku.

Fujisawa, Kanagawa

Fujisawa (藤沢市, Fujisawa-shi) is a Japanese city in Kanagawa Prefecture on the island of Honshū.

In the Edo period, "Fujisawa-shuku" was 6th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

The area of the city expanded around Yugyō-ji temple (遊行寺) after 1325.



Urawa, Saitama

Urawa was a city in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. It is now part of the city of Saitama.

Itabashi

The municipality calls itself "Itabashi City" in English.

Itabashi is in northern Tokyo. It borders Toshima to the south. Nerima is on the ward's western border. The Arakawa River and Saitama Prefecture are the norther border. Kita is on the east.



Himeji, Hyōgo

Himeji () is a city in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. The city is well known for its landmark, Himeji Castle. It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.

Autopsy (band)

Autopsy is an American death metal band from Concord, California. Autopsy has four members in the band; the current band members are Chris Reifert, Danny Coralles, Eric Cutler and Joe Trevisano.



So far as of 2011, Autopsy has released 5 Studio albums:



Simple Mail Transfer Protocol

Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) is an Internet communication protocol used to send and relay an email message between email servers. It is not used to retrieve email messages from a server. Instead either IMAP or POP is used to retrieve email messages.


Richard Beckinsale

Richard Arthur Beckinsale (6 July 1947 – 19 March 1979) was a British actor. 

Beckinsale was born in Carlton, Nottinghamshire and went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.

He had starring roles in five sitcoms. They are: "The Lovers", "Rising Damp", "Porridge", its spin-off "Going Straight" and "Bloomers".

Beckinsale has two daughters, actresses Samantha and Kate Beckinsale. He died of a heart attack in Sunningdale, Berkshire.

Kenneth Williams

Kenneth Charles Williams (22 February 1926 – 15 April 1988) was a British actor and comedian. He acted in movies including 26 "Carry On"s. He appeared in many television and radio shows and on stage.

Wiiliams was gay. He was born in North London and died there of a barbiturate overdose.

E. O. Wilson

Edward Osborne Wilson (June 10, 1929 – December 26, 2021) was an American biologist, naturalist and author. He was an entomologist who studied ants, but to the public he is known for sociobiology, biodiversity and conservation.

Wilson's writing has been very influential. He was a two-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize for general non-fiction. He was known for his role as "the father of sociobiology", his environmentalism, and his secular humanist and deist ideas on religion and ethics.

He worked at Harvard University, and was a Fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. He was a Humanist Laureate of the International Academy of Humanism. He was awarded the National Medal of Science (1977), and the Crafoord Prize (1990), which recognizes research in scientific fields not eligible for the Nobel Prize.

Wilson's work (and books) fell into at least four categories:

Wilson died on December 26, 2021 in Burlington, Massachusetts at the age of 92.



Louis-Ferdinand Céline

Louis-Ferdinand Céline was a pen name of Louis-Ferdinand Destouches (Courbevoie, 27 May 1894 – Meudon 1 July 1961) was a French writer and physician. Céline was his grandmother's first name. He is thought to be one of the most important writers of the twentieth century. He created a new style of writing that modernized both French and world literature. His most famous work is "Journey to the End of the Night". He is a controversial person because of his anti-Semitic pamphlets. He was married to dancer Lucette Destouches.


Sociobiology

Sociobiology is a field of scientific study which is based on the assumption that social behaviour has resulted from evolution. It attempts to explain and examine social behaviour in that way.

A branch of ethology and sociology, sociobiology draws from anthropology, evolution, zoology, archaeology, population genetics, and other disciplines. As a study of human societies, sociobiology is allied to Darwinian anthropology, ethology and evolutionary psychology.

Ethology investigates collective animal behaviour, such as mating patterns, territorial fights, pack hunting, and the hive society of social insects. It argues that selection pressure led to the genetic evolution of advantageous social behaviour. In other words, a typical behaviour pattern is inherited because it has raised the inclusive fitness of individuals as compared to other behaviours. This is mainstream biology. Its extension into human social behaviour is for ethologists absolutely normal, but for others it may be controversial.

While the term "sociobiology" can be traced to the 1940s, the concept did not get recognition until 1975 with the publication of E.O. Wilson's book, .

Sociobiology is based upon two fundamental premises:

It is this last point which is most controversial.

Wilson's book had almost 700 pages, which were almost entirely devoted to social behaviour in animals. His ideas on the evolution of human behaviour was in a short section of 30 pages at the end of the book. Yet because of this section, the (apparently) new field of sociobiology became the subject of heated controversy. The criticism was driven by political events of the day.

Criticism by Richard Lewontin and Stephen Jay Gould, and the Sociobiology Study Group hinted that there was some relationship between these ideas and some of the worst events in history. The main concern of the critics seemed to be the idea that sociobiology provided aid and comfort for those who would maintain social injustice and inequality.

Actually, there was no political content in Wilson's last chapter, and Wilson himself was and is a liberal thinker. In the 25th anniversary edition of his book Wilson gives his own account of the controversy.

To avoid some of the controversy, though their ideas are rather similar to Wilson's, some psychologists and anthropologists founded the related field of evolutionary psychology. This shares with sociobiology a belief in the evolutionary origin of behaviour patterns. However, it is more aimed at human behaviour, where sociobiology arose out of experiments on animal behaviour (ethology).

Why do men have standards of beauty which they apply to women? This is a question to which a typical femininist sociologist would reply: it is culturally determined, a belief system which serves to keep males dominant over females.

To this, John Alcock asks: "What are the actual data? Are the standards of beauty in Western culture arbitrary?" The standards of beauty are consistent with youth and good health. Young, healthy women are more likely to become pregnant and give birth successfully than older or unhealthy women. Alcock asks:

Alcock gives the evidence that the signs of youth and beauty are consistent with high reproductive value.

In some ways, it is easier to study the behaviour of other animals because our own experiences and prejudices are not involved. And we can do experiments on them which might not be possible with humans.

Songbird species almost always have a song which is characteristic of the species. In most cases the details of the song are not inherited. Instead, they inherit an ability to learn at a certain age. If a young male White-crowned Sparrow ("Zonotrichia leucophrys") is raised in isolation from the sound of other members of the species, it cannot sing their song. Eventually, it produces a song which is only vaguely like the proper song. But if the experimenter plays a tape of the adult male song, the young will later produce the complete and perfect song when they get to the right age. However, if the young bird is made deaf, it cannot learn the song. From this we learn
This allows us to be sure that the song, as such, is not inherited, but there is inherited a strong learning bias, which makes sense. In order to live and reproduce successfully, it pays for a male to attract a female of the same species, and defend its territory against other males of its species. The right song does both these jobs.

In recent years the supporters of sociobiology have claimed to be "winning". They feel its basic ideas are quite sound. We are not blank slates, and our human nature is as much a product of evolution as the rest of us. Even our widespread love of pet animals may be explained by their improving our survival in a prehistoric past.



Hamid Karzai

Hamid Karzai (, ; born 24 December 1957) is a former President of Afghanistan. He served from 22 December 2001 to 29 September 2014. He was the first democratically elected leader of the country.

He is ethnic Pashtun from Kandahar and can speak several different language, including English, French, Persian, Urdu and his native Pashto language. He was educated in Afghanistan and India. He lived in Pakistan before becoming popular in late 2001. He has many family members and relatives living in the United States.

1570 Concepción earthquake

The 1570 Concepción earthquake occurred at 9:00 (13:00 UTC), on February 8, 1570. The earthquake destroyed the town of Concepción. A tsunami was caused and aftershocks were reported for months after the earthquake.

Parma (disambiguation)

Parma is a city in Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Parma.




Monbetsu, Hokkaido

Monbetsu is a city in Hokkaido, Japan. It is on the shore of the Sea of Okhotsk. 


Catatonia

Catatonia means a person is awake, but does not move, talk, or react to anything but pain. The person can stay stiff and still for hours. A person with catatonia may look to be in a stupor (being mentally numb and in a daze). The cause is in the nervous system; the brain and nerves. This problem was first written about in 1874 in "Die Katatonie oder das Spannungsirresein".

Catatonia can sometimes happen with mental disorders. It can be a symptom of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, and depression. Catatonia may also happen when a person abuses drugs or overdoses by taking too much of a drug.

Catatonia can also be caused by many different medical disorders. Some causes are infections, such as encephalitis; autoimmune diseases; damage to the brain from strokes; and metabolic problems. 

A person can also get catatonia from benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome, which happens if the person quickly stops taking benzodiazepine medications.

Doctors can treat catatonia. They usually start with medicines such as benzodiazepines. If those medicines do not work; doctors may use shock therapy. Antipsychotic medicines can also be used, but with safety in mind. Sometimes they can make catatonia worse or have bad side effects. A group of anesthetic drugs called NMDA antagonists may be helpful when benzodiazepines don't work.


Vinessa Shaw

Vinessa Elizabeth Shaw (born 19 July 1976) is an American actress and model. Shaw was born in Los Angeles, California. She has starred in many movies since the early 1990s. These include "Hocus Pocus", "Ladybugs", the 2006 remake of "The Hills Have Eyes", and "Two Lovers".

Science Museum (London)

The Science Museum is one of the three large museums on Exhibition Road, London. It is part of the National Museum of Science and Industry. The museum is a big tourist attraction in London. The science museum is a great place.

It has been free to enter the Science Museum since 1 December 2001. This is because it is paid for by the government. People may have to pay to enter the temporary exhibitions.

Bennet Woodcroft started a museum in 1857. He used items from the Royal Society of Arts and the Great Exhibition. It included some machinery which became the "Museum of Patents" in 1858, and the "Patent Office Museum" in 1863. In 1883, the things held in the Patent Office Museum were moved to the South Kensington Museum. In 1885, the Science Collections were renamed the "Science Museum". In 1893, the "Science Museum" got a separate leader. The Art Collections were renamed the "Art Museum", which later became the Victoria and Albert Museum.

When Queen Victoria laid the foundation stone for the new building for the Art Museum, she said that the museum must be renamed after herself and her dead husband. The whole museum was named after them, but when that new building opened ten years later, the name was only for the Art Collections and the Science Collections were renamed. On June 26, 1909 the Science Museum, as an independent entity, came into existence. The Science Museum’s home today, designed by Sir Richard Allison, were opened to the public over time between 1919–28. This building was known as the East Block, building of which began in 1913 and was stopped during World War I. As the name suggests it was intended to be the first building of a much larger project, which was never made.

Although called a museum of science, it is really more a museum of industry. It has working models and real equipment from the industrial revolution in the 18th century, the great Victorian engineering, the age of aeroplanes and space in the 20th century.

The Science Museum holds over 300,000 items, including such famous items as Stephenson's Rocket, Puffing Billy (the oldest surviving steam locomotive), the first jet engine, a remake of Francis Crick and James Watson's model of DNA, some of the earliest remaining steam engines, a working example of Charles Babbage's Difference engine (and the latter, preserved half brain), the first prototype (draft model) of the 10,000-year Clock of the Long Now, and documentation of the first typewriter. It also contains hundreds of interactive exhibits. A recent addition is the IMAX 3D Cinema showing science and nature documentaries, most of them in 3-D, and the Wellcome Wing which focuses on digital technology. 
The museum houses some of the many objects collected by Henry Wellcome that have to do with medicine. The fourth floor exhibit is called "Glimpses of Medical History", with reconstructions and dioramas of the history of medicine. The fifth floor gallery is called "Science and the Art of Medicine", with exhibits of medical instruments and practices from ancient days and from many countries. The collection has a lot of items from clinical medicine, the biosciences, and public health. The museum is a member of the London Museums of Health & Medicine.

The Science Museum has a dedicated library, and until the 1960s was Britain's National Library for Science, Medicine and Technology. It holds runs of periodicals, early books and manuscripts, and is used by scholars worldwide. It has for a number of years been run in conjunction with the Library of Imperial College, but in 2007 the Library was divided over two sites. Histories of science and biographies of scientists are still kept at the Imperial College in London. The rest of the collection which includes original scientific works and archives are now located in Wroughton, Wiltshire.

Some 170,000 items which are not on current display are stored at Blythe House in West Kensington. Blythe House also houses facilities including a conservation laboratory, a photographic studio, and a quarantine area where newly-arrived items are looked at.

The Science Museum is made up of a number of galleries, some of which are permanent, and some of which are temporary.

The East Hall is the first area that most visitors see as they enter the building, going up through three floors. On the ground, the area is mostly filled with famous steam engines of various sorts, including the oldest surviving James Watt beam engine, which together tell the story of the British industrial revolution. Up in the air, hung from the ceiling is a big metal ring, the inside of which is covered in white LEDs which form patterns and display messages typed into kiosks by visitors in the Energy gallery.

"Exploring Space" is a historical gallery, filled with rockets and exhibits that tell the story of human space exploration and the benefits that space exploration has brought us (particularly in the world of telecommunications).

"Making the Modern World" is a relatively new gallery, in which some of the museum's most iconic objects, including Stephenson's Rocket and an Apollo spacecraft, are imaginatively displayed along a timeline chronicling man's technological achievements.

"Flight" is another longstanding gallery, up towards the western end of the third floor. Contained in the gallery are several full sized aeroplanes and helicopters, including Alcock and Brown's transatlantic Vickers Vimy (1919), Spitfire and Hurricane fighters, as well as numerous aero-engines and a cross-section of a Boeing 747.

One of the most popular galleries in the museum is the interactive Launchpad gallery. Redesigned and reopened in November 2007, the new look gallery houses over 50 interactive exhibits illustrating many different concepts in physical science. The gallery is staffed by Explainers who are available to demonstrate how exhibits work, conduct live experiments and perform shows to schools and the visiting public.

The Science Museum has made many exhibitions that tour travel around the world. "The Science Box" modern science series toured venues in the UK and Europe in the 1990s and from 1995 "The Science of Sport" appeared in various venues, in different ways, around the world. In 2005 The Science Museum teamed up with Fleming Media to set up "The Science of..." who develop and tour exhibitions including "The Science of Aliens", "The Science of Spying" and "The Science of Survival" .

In 2008, "The Science of Survival" exhibition opened to the public and allowed visitors to explore what the world might be like in 2050 and how humankind will meet the challenges of climate change and energy shortages.

The museum is next to the Natural History Museum and used to be connected to it by a public corridor, which is now closed. The closest London Underground station is South Kensington; a subway connects the museums to the station.

At the front of the museum to the east is Exhibition Road. Directly to the south is Museum Lane and the Natural History Museum. At the back is Queen's Gate and to the north is Imperial College.


Bezliudivka

Bezliudivka (; ) is a settlement in the Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. Situated on the river Udy (Seversky Donets Basin), 3 km south of Kharkiv, 3 km from the railway station Bezlyudivka. As of 2001, 9,693 people lived there.

Joué-du-Plain

Joué-du-Plain is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France. The commune was mentioned in 1216 by the name of "Jeum". There are 201 people living there. It is in size. The highest point in the commune is . The river l'Udon flows through the commune. The forest of Mancelliere is here. The community festival is 29 June.

The church in the commune is dedicated to Saints Gervais and Portais. The architectural elements are pointed arches, a Norman tower and Roman arches. The church was rebuilt in the Renaissance. Inside the church are sculptures of St. Gervais and Saint Portais made in the 18th century. Also, there is an 18th century sculpture of Saint Michael made in stone and painted. There are also sculpted wooden stalls, a statue of the Virgin Mary and a baptismal font made in the 18th century. The cemetery around the church has two 16th century entrances.

Another important place in the commune is Château de la Motte. The chateau is a 19th century building.

Joué-du-Plain has a legend that the lord of Chantelou killed his wife and her lover. The lord painted the front of his chateau with their blood. The farm called Baritaur is the former place of the lord called "Red House of Chante-lou" 

Military taxonomy

Military taxonomy is an indexing tool or record-keeping template. It includes weapons, equipment, organizations, strategies, and tactics. 

Military taxonomy can be used to analyze field missions and other activities. For example, a taxonomy of terrorism would include terms related to terrorists, terrorist groups, terrorist attacks, weapons, venues, and characteristics of terrorists and terrorist groups.

A taxonomy of terms that describes types of military actions is affected by how all elements are defined and used. Many military strategies can be analyzed using a taxonomy model.

Polar bond

In chemistry, a polar bond is a type of covalent bond between two or more dissimilar atoms, in which electrons are shared unequally. A covalent bond is the "strong" kind of bond that makes a molecule. 

Electrons are negatively charged. If the two atoms share the electrons equally, then the negative charge is evenly spread out over the entire molecule, balanced out by the positive charges of the protons in the atoms' nuclei. This makes the entire molecule neutral - a non-polar bond, making a non-polar molecule. However, if one of the atoms is particularly greedy for electrons (called electronegativity), then its side of the bond will have more electrons. Therefore, that side of the bond will have a slightly negative charge, and the other side will have a slightly positive charge.
This is important because it turns the bond into an electrical dipole. This dipole acts like a magnet, if other bonds that work as dipoles are nearby, it will react to them.

In some molecules, these polar bonds are lined up with each other. Then the entire molecule is a dipole, and attracts other dipoles. Water does this. You can see in the image that the hydrogen (small and white) is positively charged and the oxygen (big and red) is negatively charged. This picture shows how the little water dipoles line up with each other, in the same way that if you toss a bunch of little magnets into a box, they will line up with each other.

This is one of the most basic and important differences between bonds (and the resulting molecules) in chemistry. This can be easily predicted (because the electronegativity of all the atoms in the periodic table is known). It creates an enormous difference in how the molecules behave.

When the difference in electron negativity between the 2 atoms Is more in covalent bond the more electron negativity, atom acquire partial negativity charge and other atom acqiure partial positive charge.


Who Framed Roger Rabbit

Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a 1988 American fantasy-comedy-noir movie. It is set in 1947 in Los Angeles. The movie is based on Gary K. Wolf's novel "Who Censored Roger Rabbit?". It was directed by Robert Zemeckis. The movie was released by Touchstone Pictures. The movie has both animation and live action parts. The cartoon characters interact directly with human beings.

"Who Framed Roger Rabbit" won Academy Awards for Best Sound Editing, Best Visual Effects and Best Film Editing. Nominations included Best Art Direction, Best Cinematography and Best Sound. Richard Williams received a Special Achievement Award.

"Roger Rabbit" won the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film, as well as Best Direction for Zemeckis and Special Visual Effects. Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd and Joanna Cassidy were nominated for their performances. Alan Silvestri and the screenwriters also received nominations.

The movie was nominated for four categories at the 42nd British Academy Film Awards and won an award for its visual effects.

"Roger Rabbit" was nominated the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy). Hoskins was also nominated for his performance.

The movie also won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation and Kids' Choice Award for Favorite Movie.

Jean-François Jacques

Jean-François "J. F." Jacques (born April 29, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He plays for the EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL). He has also played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Edmonton Oilers and the Anaheim Ducks.

He was drafted by the Edmonton Oilers with the 68th pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. He has played in the NHL for the Edmonton Oilers for 5 seasons.

In the 2011-2012 season he played for the Anaheim Ducks. In July 2012, he was signed to the Florida Panthers.

Rosside

Rosside is a small hamlet on the outskirts of Ulverston, in North West England. The hamlet is about in size. It contains approximately 15 houses. Rosside gains little income from tourism, unlike her neighbouring town of Ulverston, where people flock to the famous Laurel & Hardy museum, a true tribute to the great comedians.

Life After Death

Life After Death is the second and last studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G.. It was released on March 25, 1997. It is a sequel to his first album, "Ready to Die". "Life After Death" was going to be released sometime in 1996. It was pushed back for some reason. 

The album was nominated for three Grammy Awards in 1998, including Best Rap Album, Best Rap Solo Performance for the single "Hypnotize", and Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group for its second single "Mo Money Mo Problems" at the 40th Annual Grammy Awards. 

The album serves as his last studio album. It was released posthumously due to The Notorious B.I.G. being murdered in a drive-by shooting prior to its release. Life After Death was released as a double album. Allmusic gave the album 4.5/5 stars.

Credits adapted from "Life After Death" liner notes.

Disc two

River Pinn

River Pinn is a river in West London. It starts near Pinner.



Lars von Trier

Lars von Trier (born 30 April 1956) is a Danish movie director and screenwriter. He has won many prizes. These include the Golden Palm, Grand Prize, and the Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival. He has a prolific and controversial career, spanning over four decades. His latest movie "The House That Jack Built" was released in 2018.

After studying at the University of Copenhagen (1976–1979), von Trier was educated at the Danish Film School (1979–1982). In 1992, together with Peter Aalbæk, he established Zentropa, which plays a key role in Scandinavian film production.

Trier is a main figure in the international art film and has been the prime mover behind the boom of Danish films from the 1990s, especially because of his central role in Dogme 95.

He started producing small films from childhood, and as a young man made two half-hour long, privately-financed fiction films: "The Orchid Gardener" (1977) and "Menthe la bienheureuse" (1979). During film school, he made the short film "Nocturne" (1981), which won an award at the Filmschoolfest Munich 1981, and "Liberation Pictures" (1982), whose hypnotic modernist imagery is characteristic of Trier's early works. The so-called Europa trilogy, which revolves around the male idealist in a downfall universe, includes the feature film debut "The Element of Crime" (1984), the experimental low-budget "Epidemic" (1987) and the much-maligned melodrama "Europe" (1991). The television production "Medea" (1988) was based on Carl Th.

Trier gained international attention from the beginning. Both the debut film and "Europe" won awards in Cannes, but it was only with the television series "The Kingdom" (1994 and 1997) that he won a large audience. The black humorous series about ghosts at the National Hospital effectively blended horror and satire. It was also an experiment in simplifying the production process as well as a break with conventional perfectionism and in doing so formed the basis for the Dogme 95 manifesto, which Trier prepared in collaboration with Thomas Vinterberg and presented in Paris at a conference on the film's future, "Le cinéma vers son deuxième siècle", on March 20, 1995, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the film media.

Together with Vinterberg, Søren Kragh-Jacobsen and Kristian Levring, Trier formed a dogma fraternity. At the turn of the millennium, the dogma brothers collaborated on a live recorded and broadcast television movie, "D-Day" (2001). With the "Ten Rules of the Chastity Lift", Dogme was an initiative to cleanse the film and film process of the superficial and superficial, which especially characterizes the commercial American film. As a kind of alternative artistic and technical method focusing on the modest equipment, the intense game and the strong history, Dogme 95 gained great international impact and put new Danish film on the international agenda. In total, ten Danish dogma films were produced.

Trier's next film, "Breaking the Waves" (1996), was not a dogma movie, but the intense melodrama of sexuality and religiosity was narrated with troubled handheld camera and led to an international breakthrough. The female suffering stories continued in the dogma movie "The Idiots" (1998) and especially in the musical "Dancer in the Dark" (2000), which won the Gold Palm at Cannes. Taken together, the three films form the so-called "Golden Heart" trilogy, named after a picture book Trier had as a child.

In "The Five Obstructions" (2003), Trier challenged his older colleague Jørgen Leth to remake the short film "The Perfect Man" (1967) based on changing playing rules. "Dogville" (2003), about society and the stranger, is played on a stage floor with white lines and selected props; it, together with "Manderlay" on freedom and slavery, is the never-ending trilogy about the United States during the '30s crisis.

After the comedy "The Boss of It All" (2006), which experimented with Automavision, the so-called "Depression Trilogy" marked a change of mood: "Antichrist" (2009), a bleak horror fable about women's nature; "Melancholia" (2011), about the downfall of the world; and the five and a half hour long "Nymphomaniac" (2013–2014), about sexuality as a destructive obsession. "The House That Jack Built" (2018) is his latest feature film and follows the serial killer Jack through a defining number of years.

In addition, Trier has written screenplays for Thomas Vinterberg's drama "Dear Wendy" (2005), about marginalized youth in an American mining town, and for Jacob Thuesen's "The Young Years" (2007), a comedy about Trier's film school years. He also created the concept for the theatrical performance "The World Clock" (1996), performed in the Arts Association in Copenhagen.

In August 2022, it was announced that von Trier had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.

New Bedford, Massachusetts

New Bedford is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts. It is south of Boston, southeast of Providence, Rhode Island, and about east of Fall River. It is the ninth-largest city in Massachusetts.



Peripheral vision

Peripheral vision is the ability to see objects and movement outside of the direct line of vision.

The main functions of peripheral vision are:

Slyudyanka

Slyudyanka (), is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. The town is located on the southern coast of Lake Baikal. It sits at the foot of the Khamar-Daban mountain range. It is next to the confluence of the Slyudyanka River and Baikal. The town is divided into two parts by the Transsiberian Railway. Slyudyanka had a population of 19,242 in the 2002 census. In 2010. 18,542 people lived there. It is served by Slyudyanka-I and Slyudyanka-II railway stations. The Circum-Baikal Railway starts from the Slyudyanka-II station.

Slyudyanka was founded in 1647 by the Russian Cossacks. Because of its geographical position, the city grew quickly and became a large transit centre which connected Irkutsk with China and Mongolia. The town became a railway hub in 1905, when constructing of Transsiberian Railway had been finished. Also there is a marble deposit in the town.

Karma Police

"Karma Police" is a song by English alternative rock band Radiohead. It is from their 1997 album "OK Computer".

Professional Golfers Association

Professional Golfers' Association, (with or without the apostrophe), is the usual term for a professional association in men's golf. It is often abbreviated to PGA. There are several PGAs around the world. These include:


The women's version is Ladies Professional Golf Association. It is commonly abbreviated to LPGA. The United States association is called the LPGA. Other women's bodies have names based on where they are located. For example, LPGA of Japan or LPGA of Korea. 

The organisations which run the world's two leading professional golf tours have the letters PGA in their names. They are now independent of the Professional Golfers' Associations that created them: 

At first, PGAs were the main groups for all forms of professional golf in their area. Now some of them, including those of the United States, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and Ireland, are focused on the needs of the professional golfers who work as club or teaching professionals. They do not have as much to do with tournament professionals.

Fromage frais

Fromage frais is a dairy product of French and Belgian origin.

Fromage frais is a creamy soft cheese. It is made with whole or skimmed milk and cream. It is like cream cheese, but with less fat (fewer calories and less cholesterol). When people need fromage frais but cannot get it, they can use low fat cream cheese.
Pure "fromage frais" has very little fat. Cream is often added to make it taste better. This adds more fat. 8% of the weight of fromage frais with cream can be fat.

There are two ways to serve "fromage frais". It can be served as a dessert similar to yogurt, often with added fruit. It can be used in savory dishes. In restaurants it is often served with honey. Restaurants call this "fromage blanc au miel".


Stupid

Stupid may refer to:

Stupid (Sarah McLachlan song)

"Stupid" is a song written by Sarah McLachlan and produced by Pierre Marchand for McLachlan's eighth album "Afterglow" (2003). It was released as the album's second single in Australia and the United States in mid-2004.

The music video features McLachlan in different time periods and was directed by Sophie Muller.

The song became McLachlan's highest-charting single release in Australia, debuting at number thirty-seven in early June 2004. It spent seven weeks on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, two of which were in the top fifty.

A remix of the song, titled "The Mark Bell Mix" was featured on So You Think You Can Dance.


Stupid (art movement)

Stupid was a short-lived grouping of constructivist artists, formed in Cologne in 1919. The founding members were Willy Fick, Heinrich Hoerle and his wife Angelika Hoerle (1899–1923), Anton Räderscheidt and his wife Marta Hegemann, and Franz Wilhelm Seiwert.

The Stupid group aimed to address sociopolitical issues through an art of proletarian character. Seiwert and Räderscheidt were at the time active in the local Dada scene. Räderscheidt's studio was their base of operations, but by 1920 he had abandoned the constructivist style. The group exhibited together and issued a publication, "Stupid 1", before disbanding.


Worry

Worry is an emotion. It means that one feels stressful or he or she is panicking about something. It is felt as anxiety or concern about a real or imagined issue. Most people experience short periods of worry in their lives, but it is not normally a problem. In fact, a small amount of worrying may even have good effects, if it makes people take precautions or be more careful.

Jiske Griffioen

Jiske Griffioen (born 17 April 1985 in Woerden) is a Dutch wheelchair tennis player. She was born with Spina bifida. Before she started her career as a wheelchair tennis player, she was a member of the national wheelchair basketball team at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney at the age of 14. Griffioen has won Grand Slam titles in doubles play at the Australian, French and US Opens and on four occasions has won the end of year Masters doubles.


Portia de Rossi

Portia Lee James DeGeneres (born Amanda Lee Rogers; 31 January 1973), known professionally as Portia de Rossi (), is an Australian-American actress, model and philanthropist. She is best known for the television work on series such as "Ally McBeal" and "Arrested Development".

She was born in Horsham, Victoria, Australia. She is the daughter of Margaret, a medical receptionist, and Barry Rogers. Her father died when she was nine. She grew up in Grovedale, a suburb of Geelong, Victoria. She modelled for print and TV commercials as a child. In 1988, at the age of 15, Rogers adopted the name Portia de Rossi, by which she remains best known; in 2005, she explained that she wanted to reinvent herself, using the given name of Portia, a character from William Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice" and an Italian last name.

She wrote a book about her battle with anorexia called "Unbearable Lightness: A story of loss and gain". At one stage she weighed only , was eating only 300 calories a day, and taking 20 laxative pills a day.

She is openly lesbian. She married comedian Ellen DeGeneres in Los Angeles in 2008.

Animal colour

Animal color (or coloration) is produced by light reflecting from an animal's surface. The ways animals produce colors include pigments, chromatophores and other structures, and bioluminescence.

Since sight is usually so important to animals, and is so often used by predators as a long-range way to find prey, an animal's color must serve one or more functions. These functions, such as finding prey, or evading capture, or finding a mate, are absolutely essential for life and survival. Therefore, animal color is determined by natural selection because it affects the survival of animals and their offspring.

Some of the most obvious functions of color are:

Overwhelmingly, the most common function of color is in predator-prey relationships. "Anti-predator adaptations occur in every biome of the world and in almost every taxonomic group".

Animal color has been a topic of interest and research in biology for a long time. According to Charles Darwin's 1859 theory of natural selection, features such as coloration evolved by providing individual animals with a reproductive advantage. For example, individuals with slightly better camouflage than others of the same species would, on average, leave more offspring.

Animals can have a camouflage defence at distance, but when faced by a predator they may switch to a 'flash' defence to gain time and distract the predator. The predator often blinks or turns its face away in self-defence. This is a reflex act which is there to protect its vital facial area. In the second the predator blinks, the prey flies or jumps, and lands in camouflage again. This pattern of color plus behaviour is quite common. It is called deimatic defence by textbooks, from the Greek for 'dread' or 'to frighten'.


Underclocking

Underclocking is the process of configuring a computer processor or other electronic circuit to operate at a lower speed than usual. This will reduce the speed of the computer, but it will usually make the battery last longer and the computer will produce less heat. Some computers automatically underclock themselves when the system is not doing a lot of work. For even further battery and heat savings a computer can be undervolted, where the processor is operated at a lower voltage than usual. Other devices such as video cards and smartphones can also be underclocked. The opposite of underclocking is called overclocking, and it is used to increase the speed of the computer but at the cost of battery life (if there is a battery) and heat output.

Margaret Beckett

Dame Margaret Mary Beckett (née Jackson, born 15 January 1943) is a British Labour Party politician.

Beckett was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire. She went to the Notre Dame High School for Girls in Norwich, then to the University of Manchester Institute of Science of Technology.

She was the Member of Parliament for Lincoln from 1974 to 1979. She has been MP for Derby South since 1983. She was Leader of the Opposition from May - July 1994.


John Smith

John Smith may refer to:


Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (movie)

Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 2011 British-French spy movie. It was directed by Tomas Alfredson.

The movie is based on the 1974 novel "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" by John le Carré. It is set in London in the early 1970s. The story follows the hunt for a Soviet double agent at the top of MI6.

The novel had also been the basis of a 1979 BBC Television miniseries with Alec Guinness in the lead role.

The 2011 movie stars Gary Oldman as George Smiley, with Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones, Mark Strong, Benedict Cumberbatch, Ciarán Hinds, David Dencik and Kathy Burke supporting. It is set in London in the early 1970s.


Glutamic acid

Glutamic acid is a non-essential amino acid. Its salts are known as glutamates. Glutamate are important neurotransmitters. They are important for long-term potentiation, learning and memory. Glutamates are also used as food additives: They make flavour better. The E numbers 620 to 625 have been assigned to the most important glutamates, for example monosodium glutamate. They are commonly found in Convenience food and Asian cuisine.

Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution was an addition to the United States Constitution that put a limit on how many times a person could be elected to be President. A person is limited to being elected twice, or once if they have already served more than two years as President. Congress passed the amendment on March 1947. It was ratified on February 27, 1951.

The President of the United States is elected to have that position for a period, or "term", that lasts for four years. The Constitution had no limit on how many times a person could be elected as president. The nation’s first president, George Washington chose not to try to be elected for a third term. This suggested that two terms were enough for any president. Washington’s two-term limit became the unwritten rule for all Presidents until 1940.

In 1940, President Franklin D. Roosevelt won a third term. He also won a fourth term in 1944. Roosevelt was president through the Great Depression of the 1930s and almost all of World War II. He held approval ratings in the mid-50% to the low 60% ranges over his many years in office. Roosevelt died of a cerebral hemorrhage in April 1945, just months after the start of his fourth term. Soon after, Republicans in Congress began the work of creating Amendment XXII. Roosevelt was the first and only President to serve more than two terms.

The amendment was passed by Congress in 1947, and was ratified by the states on 27 February 1951. The Twenty-Second Amendment says a person can only be elected to be president two times for a total of eight years. It does make it possible for a person to serve up to ten years as president. This can happen if a person (most likely the Vice-President) takes over for a president who can no longer serve their term. If this person serves two years or less of the preceding President’s term, they may serve for two more four-year terms. If they served more than two years of the last President's term, the new President can serve only one full four-year term. Under the language of the amendment, the President at the time of its ratification (Harry S. Truman) was exempt from the two-term limitation. Truman served nearly all of Roosevelt's unexpired fourth term and then was elected President once, serving his own four year term.

Since 1985, there have been many attempts to either change or remove this amendment. This began when Ronald Reagan was serving his second term as President. Since then, changes have been tried from both Democrats and Republicans. No changes have been made.

There is some debate about how this amendment works with the 12th Amendment. The 12th Amendment limits who can become Vice-President to only people who meet the requirements of being President. The central question in this debate is whether the 22nd Amendment is imposing requirements on eligibility for "holding" the office of President or if it is merely imposing requirements on "being elected to" the office of President.

One side of the debate argues that the 22nd Amendment explicitly uses the language "No person shall be elected" and is therefore issuing guidance on elections. The existence of other means of assuming the office (as enumerated in the 20th Amendment, Section 3 and the 25th Amendment) lends support to this argument.

The other side of the debate argues that the 12th Amendment, in describing how elections are to be carried out, is enumerating additional requirement for holding the office of President. In support of this side of the argument is the fact that the requirements for holding the office of President are not restricted to Article 2 (where the main requirements like age and citizenship are listed). For example, impeachment is described in Article 1, Section 3 and upon impeachment, conviction, and removal from office a person becomes ineligible to hold the office in the future. Similarly, the 14th Amendment establishes a requirement that a President must not have fought against the United States or given aid and comfort to its enemies. These amendments suggest a pattern of enumerating additional requirements for the presidency and proponents of this side of the debate would argue that the 22nd Amendment was intended to add yet another requirement.

Since no president who has served two terms has ever tried to be vice-president, this situation has not yet been decided by the courts.

Harry S. Truman became President because of the death of Roosevelt. He served most of Roosevelt's last term as President. This would have limited him to being elected only one time, but he was not affected since the amendment did not affect the person who was the current President when the amendment was originally proposed by Congress. Since this provision could only have applied to Truman, it was an obvious effort not to limit him. Truman did win the election in 1948 but ended his try to be President in 1952 before the election began.

Dwight D. Eisenhower was elected President in 1952 and won a second term in 1956. He therefore became the first President not allowed to run again because of the amendment.

Lyndon B. Johnson is the only president so far who could have served more than 8 years under this amendment. He became President in 1963 after John F. Kennedy was assassinated. He served the last 14 months of Kennedy's term. Because this was less than two years, he was allowed to be elected for two additional terms. He won the first term in 1964, but chose not to run for a second full term before the elections in 1968.

Richard M. Nixon became the second person not allowed to run again for President when he won the elections in 1968 and 1972, but he was forced to resign due to the Watergate scandal 19 months into his second term. Gerald Ford became President in 1974 after Nixon left office. Ford served the last 29 months of Nixon's term. This meant he could only be elected as president once, but he lost the election to Jimmy Carter in 1976 and did not try to become President again.

Ronald Reagan became the third President to be not allowed to run again after he won the elections in 1980 and 1984.

Out of the U.S. Presidents that are still alive as of , Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama cannot be elected again because of this amendment. All three of them were elected twice. Jimmy Carter, Donald Trump and Joe Biden can be elected president again as they have been elected only once.

"Section 1". No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of President more than once. But this Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President when this Article was proposed by Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term within which this Article becomes operative from holding the office of President or acting as President during the remainder of such term.

"Section 2". This Article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the several States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States by the Congress.

Cats &amp; Dogs

Cats & Dogs is a 2001 family action comedy movie of Talking Aninals with CGI Moving Mouths. It had a sequel called "" (2010).


Cats &amp; Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore

Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore is a 2010 family action comedy movie. It was directed by Brad Peyton. It is the sequel to "Cats & Dogs".


Thermosetting polymer

A thermosetting polymer, also known as a thermoset, is polymer material that irreversibly cures. The curing may be done by: 

Thermoset materials are usually liquid or malleable before curing, so they can be molded into their final form. Others are used as adhesives. Others are solids. Some solid thermosetting polymers are used as molding compound in semiconductors and integrated circuits (IC). Once hardened a thermoset resin cannot be reheated and melted back to a liquid form.

The curing process transforms the resin into a plastic or rubber by a cross-linking process. Energy and/or catalysts are added that cause the molecular chains to react at chemically active sites (unsaturated or epoxy sites, for example), linking into a rigid, 3-D structure. The cross-linking forms a molecule with a larger molecular weight, resulting in a material with a higher melting point. During the reaction, the polymer's molecular weight increases to the point that its melting point is higher than the surrounding ambient temperature. So, the material forms into a solid material.

Uncontrolled reheating of the material results in reaching the decomposition temperature before the melting point is reached. So, a thermoset material cannot be melted and re-shaped after it is cured. This implies that thermosets cannot be recycled, except as filler material.

Thermoset materials are generally stronger than thermoplastic materials due to this three dimensional network of bonds (cross-linking). Thermoset materials are also better suited to high-temperature applications up to the decomposition temperature. However, they are more brittle. Many thermosetting polymers are difficult to recycle. 


Emperor Taizong of Tang

Emperor Taizong of Tang (born Li Shimin, January 23, 599 – July 10, 649) was the second emperor of the Tang Dynasty of China. He was the emperor who conquered all of China under Tang control. His ancestral name is Taizong. His rule of the Tang Dynasty earned him the nickname of "Rome of the East" by the Romans. His throne name was Zhenguan. This was considered one of the best times of rule in China. Taizong had three siblings: two brothers and a sister. They were: , and . 

The Death of General Wolfe

The Death of General Wolfe is a painting by Anglo-American artist Benjamin West. 

The painting shows the death of British General James Wolfe during the Battle of Quebec of the Seven Years' War in 1759. The painting is an oil on canvas of the Age of Enlightenment. West made the painting in 1770. It is now in the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa.


Polo Grounds

The Polo Grounds was a sports stadium in New York City. It was actually the name of four different stadiums, which were all located in New York. The first Polo Grounds was the home of the New York Metropolitans baseball team from 1880 to 1885, and the New York Giants also played there. When this stadium was destroyed in 1889, the Giants moved to a new stadium, which they also called the Polo Grounds. Finally, in 1890, the Giants moved to the final version of the Polo Grounds, where they stayed until 1957. The New York Mets played at the Polo Grounds for two years after the Giants moved to San Francisco. The New York Giants and New York Jets football teams also played at the Polo Grounds, and the New York Yankees played there before Yankee Stadium was built. The Polo Grounds was torn down in 1964, and apartment buildings are now on the site.

Framly Nainggolan

Framly Nainggolan (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, July 29, 1984) is an actor from Indonesia. He played in several movies such as Jenglot Pantai Selatan (2011). He is the winner of the competition of L-Men Of The Year 2005.



The Death of the Earl of Chatham

The Death of the Earl of Chatham is the title of a 1781 oil-on-canvas painting by Boston-born American artist John Singleton Copley. 

The painting shows the fallen body of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham on 7 April 1778, during a debate in the House of Lords on the American War of Independence. The painting includes fifty-five portraits.


TCP/IP model

The TCP/IP model (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is a model with four layers which is for both modelling current Internet architecture, and providing a set a rules that govern all forms of transmission over a network. DARPA, an agency of the United States Department of Defense,created it in the 1970s. It evolved from ARPANET, which was an early wide area network and a predecessor of the Internet. The TCP/IP Model is sometimes called the "Internet Model" or less often the "DoD Model."

This model was being made at the same time as the OSI Model was created. The TCP/IP model is not the same as the OSI Model. It was influenced by the model, which is why many names of the different layers are the same.

The TCP/IP model describes a set of general design guidelines and implementations of specific networking protocols to enable computers to communicate over a network. TCP/IP provides end-to-end connectivity specifying how data should be formatted, addressed, transmitted, routed and received at the destination. Protocols exist for a variety of different types of communication services between computers.

TCP/IP has four abstraction layers as defined in : link layer, IP layer, transport layer and application layer. People often compare this layer architecture with the seven-layer OSI Reference Model; using terms such as "Internet reference model". This is incorrect, however, because it is descriptive while the OSI Reference Model was intended to be prescriptive being a reference model.

The TCP/IP model and related protocols are maintained by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).

Chiropractic

Chiropractic is a form of alternative medicine. A chiropractor is a person who went to school to learn chiropractic. Chiropractors may diagnose and treat many conditions relating to muscles, joints, and nerves of the body. They may give what is called an "adjustment" to the body. An adjustment is a fast short push to an area of the patient's spine or other joints to help their condition. Chiropractors do not use drugs to treat patients. They use natural treatments such as nutrition, exercise, physical therapy, adjustments, and massage in order to help their patients.

Chiropractic has changed since it was created over 100 years ago because chiropractors learn new facts and do new research. Chiropractors have many different ways to treat their patients. They all use drug free treatments. Chiropractic is best known for helping people with spine pain, but chiropractors can also help other problems. There has been a debate as to whether or not chiropractic is classified as Pseudoscience.

King Kong Bundy

Christopher Alan "Chris" Pallies (November 7, 1957 – March 5, 2019) better known by his ring name, King Kong Bundy, was an American stand-up comedian, actor and professional wrestler. He was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation. He won a Slammy Award in 1987 for the Bobby "The Brain" Heenan Scholarship Award. While he was signed to the WWF, Bundy had numerous feuds with Andre the Giant, Hulk Hogan and The Undertaker.

Bundy died at his home in Glassboro, New Jersey on March 5, 2019, aged 61.

Bundy held many championships during his professional wrestling career:











Apostatic selection

Apostatic selection is frequency-dependent selection by predators. It applies when prey are two or more forms (morphs) which look quite different. This is a kind of polymorphic species, where the predator learns to select the more common form. Then there is an advantage in looking different, and this advantage keeps the frequency above the mutation rate. The second form, or 'morph', becomes better known by predators as its number increases. So the population tends to have a kind of balance between the frequency of the two morphs.

Apostatic selection is similar to the idea of prey switching. Apostatic selection is the term used when the different forms are genetic morphs. In comparison, 'prey switching' is used when describing the predator's choice between different species.

Above mean sea level

The term above mean sea level (AMSL) is the elevation or altitude used by engineers to determine the coverage area a station will be able to reach. It is also used in aviation, where most heights are recorded and reported in AMSL (see flight level), and in the atmospheric sciences.

A "mean sea level" is imaginary. It is not possible to know the average sea level for the entire planet. The sea level also changes over time when measured in the same place. The sea moves, high and low pressure zones affect the height, tides change the sea level, and local difference in gravity all affect the sea level. People can only pick a spot and calculate the mean sea level at that point and use it as a datum. For example, the British Ordnance Survey uses a datum based on the measurements of mean sea level at a gauge at Newlyn, Cornwall from 1915 to 1921 for their maps of Great Britain. This datum is actually about 80 cm different from the mean sea level reading on the other side of the country. An alternative is to base height measurements on an ellipsoid of the entire earth. GPS and other satellite systems do this. In aviation, the ellipsoid known as World Geodetic System 84 is increasingly used to define mean sea level. Another alternative is to use a geoid based datum such as NAVD88.

Trichomonas gallinae

The protozoan Trichomonas gallinae is a cosmopolitan parasite found in birds. It most often infects pigeons and doves, but can also affect other birds such as domestic and wild turkeys, chickens and birds of prey. The disease in pigeons is commonly called canker. A similar parasite in falcons is called "frounce".

Only Connect

Only Connect is a British television quiz show. It was first shown on BBC Four on 15 September 2008. It is presented by Victoria Coren Mitchell. The programme is in the form of a tournament. Teams have to find connections between clues. "Radio Times"s listings describe it as "a game of patience and lateral thinking".

The phrase "only connect" was first used as the epigraph to E. M. Forster's 1910 novel "Howards End".

Each programme has two teams of three people. They have four rounds of gameplay. In the first three series, clues in Rounds 1 and 2 and the connecting walls in Round 3 are were shown by Greek letters. From series 4 Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs have been used instead. Coren joked that this was because the Greek letters were too pretentious.

Teams are given up to four clues. They then try to understand the connection between them. Teams are allowed 40 seconds to guess. The team is first shown one clue. They may ask for the other three clues at any time within the 40 seconds. The team may press their buzzer to guess after the first clue for 5 points, the second for 3, the third for 2, or the fourth for 1. If the team guesses wrong, or fails to buzz within the 40 seconds allowed, the question is given to the other team for a bonus point. The other team will be shown all the clues. There is often one puzzle out of the six with pictures. Another puzzle will use pieces of music.

Each set of clues is now a sequence. Teams must try to work out the fourth item in the sequence. They do this with as few clues as they can. They must tell Coren the last item in the sequence. They will score points even if their theory for the connection is wrong. Like in the first round, each team will play three sets. Like in the first round, if one team fails to guess, it is given to the other team. They can see any clues there are left and earn one point by guessing correctly. There's one puzzle in this round that uses pictures and more recently music clues have been used in this round.

Each team is given a wall of 16 clues and must work out the solution, which will be four groups of four connected items. The puzzles are designed to suggest more connections than actually exist. Some clues look like they fit into more than one category. Teams score 1 point for each group found within 2 minutes 30 seconds. They may make all the guesses they want until they have identified two of the four groups, but have only three guesses for the remaining connections. Teams can then score 1 additional point for identifying the connection within each group, even if they did not spot them earlier. Two bonus points, for a total of ten, are earned for getting everything right. On 1 March 2010, an interactive online version of this round was put on the Only Connect website. In the Summer of 2011, the website let viewers put their own connecting walls up. Not all good connecting walls are put on the website. Connecting walls are now put on the website at the same time as they are shown on the television. The Connecting Wall is the most popular round on the show.

In a final buzzer round, the teams are shown a series of word puzzles. Each puzzle is a word or phrase with the vowels removed and the spaces moved to disguise the original words. The connection between the puzzles is told before the puzzles are shown.

Teams score 1 point for each puzzle they get right, but lose 1 point for guessing wrong or don't give an answer if they buzz in. After a wrong answer the other team can take a guess. The team with the most points at the end of the game goes on to the next round of the tournament. If teams are tied, then a single puzzle is given to the captains of each team with no category given. If a captain correctly buzzes in with the correct answer first then their team wins, but an incorrect answer automatically loses the game.




Chromatophore

Chromatophores are pigment-containing and light-reflecting cells found in amphibians, fish, reptiles, crustaceans, and cephalopods. They are largely responsible for generating skin and eye color in cold-blooded animals.

Some species can rapidly change color so as to keep in camouflage, or to signal. They do this by moving pigment and reflective plates in chromatophores. This process is called physiological color change. Cephalopods such as octopus have complex chromatophore organs controlled by muscles to achieve this. The display is under central nervous control based usually on input from the eyes.

Vertebrates such as chameleons get a similar effect by cell signalling. Such signals can be hormones or neurotransmitters. They may be started by changes in mood, temperature, stress or visible changes around the animal.

Colleoid cephalopods have complex organs which they use to change color rapidly. This is seen in squid, cuttlefish and octopuses. Each chromatophore unit is a single chromatophore cell and muscle, nerve, glial and sheath cells. Inside the chromatophore cell, pigment granules are in an elastic sac. To change color the animal changes the sac form or size by muscular contraction. This changes its appearance. This differs from the mechanism used in fish, amphibians and reptiles, because the shape of the sac is being changed rather than pigment being moved in the cell. However, a similar effect is achieved.

Octopuses can operate chromatophores in complex, wavelike displays, giving rapidly changing color schemes. The nerves that operate the chromatophores are thought to be positioned in the brain in a pattern similar to that of the chromatophores they each control. This may explain why, as the neurons are activated one after another, the color change occurs in waves.

Like chameleons, cephalopods use color change for social interaction. They are also among the most skilled at camouflage, with the ability to match both the color and the texture of their local environment with remarkable accuracy.

UGK Records

UGK Records is an American record label. It was created by Chad Butler, rapper Pimp C, immediately following his release from prison in 2006. The music production company is named after Pimp C’s rap group UGK (UnderGround Kingz). The label was in the process of finalizing a distribution deal when Pimp C was found dead in his West Hollywood hotel room. UGK Records was managed by Pimp C’s mother, Weslyn Monroe, known as Mama Wes. The label is now being managed by Pimp C’s son.

Artists signed to the label include:



Tree fern

Tree ferns are a large group of ferns with tree-like form. They are part of a subclass of ferns which is monophyletic by DNA sequence analysis.

The tree-ferns and some other ferns with creeping rhizome stems make up the Cyatheales group of ferns (as a sub-class or order). The tree-like habit has evolved a number of times in this group. They can grow up to 20 metres tall, with their large fronds at the top. Many are much shorter, however. 

The coal forests of the Lower Jurassic were mainly formed by tree ferns and cycads. Tree ferns were probably food for Ankylosaurs in the Upper Jurassic, as were cycads. 

Tree ferns are found growing in tropical and subtropical areas as well as temperate rainforests in Australia, New Zealand, and other island groups nearby. A few genera extend further, such as "Culcita" in southern Europe. Like all ferns, tree ferns reproduce by means of spores developed in sporangia on the undersides of the fronds. The fronds of tree ferns are usually very large, and multiple-divided fronds. The young fronds of ferns emerge in coils that uncurl as they grow.

Unlike flowering plants, tree ferns do not form new woody tissue in their trunk as they grow. Rather, the trunk is supported by a fibrous mass of roots that expands as the tree fern grows.

It is not certain how many species of tree fern there are but it is likely to be around a thousand. New species are discovered in New Guinea with each botanical survey. Many species must have become extinct in the last century as forest habitats were cut down.

George Eastman

George Eastman (July 12, 1854 - March 14, 1932) was an American inventor and businessman.

Eastman was born in Waterville, New York. He founded the Eastman Kodak Company and invented roll film. This made photography popular and led to other men inventing film stock. His Kodak company still runs today, but more focused on printers and printing.

Eastman shot himself dead in Rochester, New York.

Pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified

Pervasive developmental disorder is an autistic spectrum disorder. The full name for this condition is "pervasive developmental disorder-not otherwise specified". It is also known as "atypical autism".

Eric Lloyd

Eric Lloyd (born David Eric Lloyd Morelli on May 19, 1986) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his role as Charlie Calvin in "The Santa Clause" movie series.

Sonic Youth

Sonic Youth is an American rock band from New York City. The band was formed in 1981. In the beginning of their career, the band was associated with the underground art and music scene in New York City, No Wave. Sonic Youth was part of the first wave of American noise rock groups, but made their own interpretation of hardcore punk sound. Critics consider Sonic Youth as an important element in the rise of indie rock movements. The band members are: Thurston Moore (guitar and vocals), Kim Gordon (bass, vocals, and guitar), Lee Ranaldo (guitar and vocals), Steve Shelley (drums), and Mark Ibold (guitar and bass).



Leroy Goldsworthy

Leroy "Goldy" Goldsworthy (October 18, 1908 – March 16, 1980) was an American ice hockey player. He played 11 seasons in the NHL. Goldsworthy won the Stanley Cup while a member of the Chicago Black Hawks in 1934. Goldsworthy along with Rosario Couture were given the task of helping identify the body of their Black Hawks teammate Jack Leswick when Leswicks body was pulled out of the Assiniboine River in August 1934.


Communes of the Martinique department

The following is a list of the 34 communes of the Martinique overseas department of France.

The Jerk

The Jerk is a 1979 American comedy movie. It starred Steve Martin in his first movie role. Martin also wrote the movie with Carl Gottlieb and Michael Elias. The movie was directed by Carl Reiner.

Porsche 944

The Porsche 944 is a front engine four cylinder sports car. Porsche built the car from 1983 until 1991.

Porsche 924

The Porsche 924 is a sports car built by Porsche of Germany. It was made from 1976 to 1988.

In 2017 a stolen 1979 Porsche 924 stolen in 1991 was found after 25 years

Jemaah Islamiyah

Jemaah Islamiah (, "al-Jamāʿat ul-Islāmíyatu", meaning "Islamic Congregation", frequently abbreviated JI), is a Southeast Asian militant Islamic organization. It wants the creation of an Islamic caliphate (Daulah Islamiyah) in Southeast Asia. It would include Indonesia, Malaysia, the southern Philippines, Singapore and Brunei. JI was added to the United Nations 1267 Committee's list of terrorist organizations linked to al-Qaeda or the Taliban on 25 October 2002 under UN Security Council Resolution 1267.

Smosh

Smosh is a web-based comedy duo. The members are Ian Hecox and Anthony Padilla who have been on YouTube since 2005. Today they have over 5 different channels, over a thousand videos on their main channel and over 26 million subscribers.

Smosh started as early as 2002 when Anthony created a website named smosh.com and started adding flash videos. Shortly after Ian joined him.

They both started their famous YouTube channel Smosh in November 2005 uploading the Pokemon Theme Song which eventually gained 25 million views which was, at the time, the most viewed video on YouTube, however six months later into the fame the video was removed for copyright reasons.

Later on in March 2007 though, a user named Andi2000 re-uploaded the video and today, it has 15 million views. Smosh also re-made the video in November 2010 changing the lyrics a little bit so it wouldn't be removed again.

In 2009 smosh.com had a major redesign. Adding a games section and an extras and bloopers for their skit. 2010 also a new iSHUT UP app available on the App Store and Google Play and three new web-series': Ask Charlie, Lunchtime with Smosh and Ian is Bored.

In January 12, 2013 Smosh became the most subscribed channel on the internet beating Ray William Johnson.

Nowadays, their skits are more general and advanced.

The head channel where Padilla and Hecox post new skits every Friday.

Smosh's official "second channel" on YouTube. It is used to present more improv-based shows such as Squad Vlogs and The Show That Has No Name!. The channel has over 8 million subscribers as of December 2023. It was renamed Smosh Pit on August 14, 2017, an event that coincided with the addition of new shows 

Padilla's personal channel, where he does unscheduled vlogs.

ElSmosh is the Spanish version of Smosh where Padilla and Hecox post the Spanish version of Smosh Pit Weekly, El Smosh Pit de la Semana, on Wednesdays, and post a Spanish skit on Sundays, both two days after the English version.

Smosh's gaming channel, with two new videos every day except for Saturday when they only post one video.

Podcast created by Smosh

Geophysics

Geophysics () is the physics of the Earth and its environment in space. It is also the study of the Earth by measuring things and collecting data. Sometimes "geophysics" means studying the geology of the earth such as its shape, gravitational and magnetic field, internal structure and composition. It may also mean how they create plate tectonics, magma, volcanism and rock formations.

Some geophysicists now also study the hydrological cycle including snow and ice. They study how the oceans and the atmosphere move. They study electricity and magnetism in the atmosphere, ionosphere, and magnetosphere. How the earth and sun affect each other is also part of geophysics.

Geophysics was only recognized as a special area of study in the 19th century. But, there were geophysicists in ancient history. The first magnetic compasses were made in the fourth century BC and the first seismoscope was built in 132 BC. Isaac Newton applied his theory of mechanics to the tides and the precession of the equinox. Instruments were developed to measure the Earth's shape, density and gravity field, as well as parts of the water cycle. In the 20th century, geophysical methods were developed for remote exploration of the solid Earth and the ocean.

Studying geophysics may help with problems such as mineral resources, reducing natural hazards, and protecting the environment. Geophysical survey data help find petroleum reservoirs, mineral deposits, groundwater, and archaeological relics. Such data can also tell the thickness of glaciers and soils, and tell which areas have environmental damage that should be fixed and avoided to visit.



Kōfu

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

Kōfu's name means "capital of Kai Province". During the Sengoku period, it was the stronghold of Takeda Shingen.


A J-League football team, Ventforet Kofu is based in Kōfu. Their home ground is the Kose Sports Stadium.



Sumoto, Hyōgo

Sumoto city is famous for many foods, for example: Awaji onions, Naruto oranges, and Kobe Beef.

Sumoto runs runs a cheap electric bike rental program with Awaji and Minami Awaji. It is to help visitors stay for more than one day and explore the island.


Mourning collared dove

The mourning collared dove ("Streptopelia decipiens") is a pigeon that lives in Africa, south of Sahara. Despite its name, it is not a close relative of the North American mourning dove ("Zenaida macroura"). This species is found most near water.

Diplôme d'études universitaires générales

A Diplôme d'études universitaires générales (DEUG) is the French certificate given to a university student after he has completed two years of study. It was created in 1973.

Netherlands Bridge League

The Netherlands Bridge League (; NBB) is an association of bridge clubs in the Netherlands. It was founded in 1930.


Lugo

Lugo is a city of the autonomous community of Galicia (Spain). It is a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Site. Lugo is the only city in the world to be surrounded by completely intact Roman walls.

The city is in the northwest of Spain. It is capital city of the Province of Lugo. 

Porsche 928

The Porsche 928 was a car built by Porsche in Germany. It had an aluminum V8 engine. It was made famous in movies such as "Scarface", "Risky Business" and "Leonard".

Milton Brink

Milton "Milt, Curly" Brink (November 26, 1910 – October 31, 1999) was an American ice hockey player. He played 5 games in the NHL, all with the Chicago Black Hawks. Brink spent most of his ice hockey career in the American Hockey Association where he played a combined 5 seasons.

Andy Hilbert

Andrew John Hilbert (born February 6, 1981) is an American former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League. He was drafted with the 37th overall pick by the Boston Bruins in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Hilbert has also played 3 seasons with the Boston Bruins, 1 season with the Chicago Blackhawks, 1 season with the Pittsburgh Penguins and 1 season with the Minnesota Wild.

Hilbert space

A Hilbert space is a mathematical concept covering the extra-dimensional use of Euclidean space—i.e., a space with more than three dimensions. A Hilbert space uses the mathematics of two and three dimensions to try and describe what happens in greater than three dimensions. It is named after David Hilbert.

Vector algebra and calculus are methods normally used in the two-dimensional Euclidean plane and three-dimensional space. In Hilbert spaces, these methods can be used with any finite or infinite number of dimensions. A Hilbert space is a vector space that has the structure of an inner product that allows length and angle to be measured. Hilbert spaces also have to be complete, which means that enough limits have to exist for calculus to work.

The earliest Hilbert spaces were studied in the first decade of the 20th century by David Hilbert, Erhard Schmidt, and Frigyes Riesz. John von Neumann first came up with the name "Hilbert Space". Hilbert space methods made a big difference to functional analysis.

Hilbert spaces show up a lot in mathematics, physics, and engineering, often as infinite-dimensional function spaces. They are especially useful for studying partial differential equations, quantum mechanics, Fourier analysis (which includes signal processing and heat transfer). Hilbert spaces are used in ergodic theory which is the mathematical basis of thermodynamics. All normal Euclidean spaces are also Hilbert spaces. Other examples of Hilbert spaces include spaces of square-integrable functions, spaces of sequences, Sobolev spaces made up of generalized functions, and Hardy spaces of holomorphic functions.



Christian Laflamme

Christian Laflamme (born November 24, 1976 in St-Charles, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played a combined 10 seasons in the NHL. He was drafted with the 45th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. Laflamme played 3 seasons with the Chicago Blackhawks before being traded along with Daniel Cleary, Ethan Moreau and Chad Kilger to the Edmonton Oilers for Boris Mironov, Dean McAmmond and Jonas Elofsson. He only played 2 seasons with the Oilers before being traded along with Matthieu Descoteaux to the Montreal Canadiens for Igor Ulanov and Alain Nasreddine. After playing 2 seasons with the Canadiens, he signed a contract with the St. Louis Blues.

Machine Gun Kelly (musician)

Colson Baker born April 22, 1990), known professionally as Machine Gun Kelly (abbreviated as MGK), is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, musician and actor. 

He is currently signed to Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records and Interscope Records. He was also named the "Hottest Breakthrough MC of 2011" by MTV on December 14, 2011. His song "Invincible" featuring co-writer and singer Ester Dean is the official theme song of WrestleMania XXVIII.

Since May 2020, he has been in a relationship with actress Megan Fox. On January 12, 2022, Fox announced that the two were engaged.


The New York Zoo hoax

The New York Zoo hoax was a false story. The "New York Herald" printed an untrue story about a fictional breakout of animals from the Central Park Zoo on November 9, 1874. It is also known as "The Central Park Zoo Escape" and the "Central Park Menagerie Scare of 1874"

The article warned that dangerous animals were loose in the city. The article said that 49 people died and 200 were injured. Many readers panicked, even though the end of the story said that everything in it was not true. The authors later said they wanted to make people pay attention to weak safety precautions at the zoo. They said they were surprised at the strong reaction to their story.


Karl Dykhuis

Karl Dykhuis (born July 8, 1972 in Sept-Îles, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played a combined 14 seasons in the NHL. He was drafted with the 16th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. He played 2 seasons with the Chicago Blackhawks, 5 with the Philadelphia Flyers, 2 with the Tampa Bay Lightning and 5 with the Montreal Canadiens. He was named the QMJHL Defensive Rookie of the Year and was named to the QMJHL All-Rookie Team in 1989. He was also a World Junior U20 Gold Medalist in 1991.

Makinohara

Makinohara is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is a coastal city on the island of Honshū next to Suruga Bay. Nearby cities are: Omaezaki, Kikugawa, Shimada, and Yoshida.



Yokkaichi

Yokkaichi is a Japanese city in Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū. It is a port near Nagoya.

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

In the Edo period, "Yokkaichi-juku" was 43rd of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

In 1936, Yokkaichi hosted an international trade fair called "Exposition of Yokkaichi City".

Yokkaichi has 2 sister cities.




Abiko, Chiba

Abiko (我孫子市, Abiko-shi) is a city in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is next to the Tone River.





Shimada, Shizuoka

Shimada is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Shimada is on the Shida Plain. Several rivers pass through Shimada including the Tochiyama River and the Õi River.



Ōnojō

Ōnojō is a city in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Kyūshū.


Asakuchi, Okayama

Asakuchi (浅口市, Asakuchi-shi) is a city in Okayama Prefecture, Japan. It is on the main island of Honshū.


Erotic asphyxiation

Erotic asphyxiation is a sexual act where strangling is used to increase sexual pleasure. It can result in accidental death.

Autoerotic asphyxiation is a sexual act where someone restricts their own breathing for sexual pleasure.

Ludwig von Mises

Ludwig Heinrich Edler von Mises (Galicia, Austro-Hungary, 29 September 1881 – New York City, 10 October 1973) was an Austrian-American economist, philosopher, and classical liberal. He was of Jewish descent and a prominent figure in the Austrian School of economic thought.

Fearing a Nazi take-over of Europe, Mises emigrated to New York in 1940. He published his most famous work "Human action" in 1949. Mises had a big influence on the libertarian movement that developed in the United States in the mid-20th century. The Mises Caucus is named after him.

The family of his father Arthur Edler von Mises had been elevated to the Austrian nobility in the 19th century, and was involved in building and financing railroads.

At the age of twelve Ludwig spoke fluent Yiddish, German, Polish, and French, read Latin, and could understand Ukrainian. Mises was the older brother of the physicist Richard von Mises, a member of the Vienna Circle.

In 1900, he attended the University of Vienna, becoming influenced by the works of Carl Menger. In 1906 Mises was awarded his doctorate from the school of law.

Economist and political theorist Friedrich Hayek came to know Mises while working as Mises' subordinate at a government office dealing with Austria's post-World War I debt. Hayek wrote, "there I came to know him mainly as a tremendously efficient executive, the kind of man who, as was said of John Stuart Mill, because he does a normal day's work in two hours, always has a clear desk and time to talk about anything. I came to know him as one of the best educated and informed men I have ever known...". Hayek's development of Mises' theoretical work on the business cycle later earned Hayek the 1974 Nobel Prize in Economics (shared with Swedish economist Gunnar Myrdal).

In 1934, Mises left Austria for Geneva, Switzerland, where he was a professor at the Institute of International Studies until 1940. Fearing that Germany might take control over Switzerland, in 1940 Mises left Europe and emigrated to New York City. There he became a visiting professor at New York University. He held this position from 1945 until his retirement in 1969. He was not employed by the university, but funded by businessmen. For part of this period, Mises worked on currency issues. In 1947, Mises became one of the founding members of the Mont Pelerin Society.

Despite fleeing Europe, Mises is credited for having an influential role in the economic reconstruction of Europe after World War II through his professional relationships with Ludwig Erhard, Charles de Gaulle and Luigi Einaudi.

In a 1978 interview, Friedrich Hayek said about Mises' book "Socialism": 

After his death, his wife quoted a passage that Mises had written about Benjamin Anderson, and said that it best described Mises' own personality: "His most eminent qualities were his inflexible honesty, his unhesitating sincerity. He never yielded. He always freely enunciated [said] what he considered to be true. If he had been prepared to suppress or only to soften his criticisms of popular, but irresponsible, policies, the most influential positions and offices would have been offered him. But he never compromised".



Thomas Funck

Thomas Funck (26 October 1919, Linköping, Östergötland, Sweden – 30 December 2010) was a Swedish writer of children's literature. He is known for his stories about Charlie Strap and Froggy Ball.


Gord Wilson

Gordon Allan Wilson (born August 13, 1932) is a retired professional ice hockey player. He played two games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Boston Bruins.

Percy Wickman

Percy Dwight Wickman (June 10, 1941 – July 3, 2004) was a Canadian politician and well-known activist for people with disabilities who was born in Thunder Bay, Ontario.

Wickman served as an alderman on Edmonton City Council from 1977 to 1986. He made the news when he was elected as Liberal MLA for Edmonton-Whitemud after unseating Alberta premier Don Getty in the 1989 election, despite the fact Getty had otherwise won a majority government. In 1993 election and 1997 election Wickman was re-elected as the MLA for Edmonton Rutherford. Wickman retired from politics in 2001.

Wickman died in 2004 due to a paraplegic-related illness.


Rob Whistle

Robert Douglas Whistle (born April 30, 1961) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the New York Rangers and St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Whistle was signed as a free agent by the New York Rangers on August 13, 1985. He played 32 games for the Rangers before getting traded to St. Louis for Tony McKegney and Bruce Bell. After playing 19 games for the Blues, he was traded to the Washington Capitals. However, he played for their farm team the whole season, and he retired at the end of that season.

James Whalen

James Whalen (April 29, 1869 – June 4, 1929) was a Canadian businessperson and entrepreneur based in Port Arthur, Ontario, now part of Thunder Bay, Ontario, with interests in the forest industries, shipbuilding, dredging, and towing. He began as a timber contractor in the 1890s, he built an impressive business empire in various Great Lakes marine businesses. With the help of his brothers he was less successful in entering the competitive British Columbia pulp and paper business that went bankrupt in 1925.

He was born in Collingwood, Ontario, April 29, 1869, to Joseph Whalen and Alice Broad, and died in Duluth, Minnesota June 4, 1929. His marriage to Laurel Conmee in 1896 allied his fortunes to her father, the formidable Ontario politician and contractor James Conmee.

He constructed the eight storey Whalen building in Port Arthur in 1913.


ISG Business School

Institut supérieur de gestion, commonly named ISG, is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in three places, in Paris (France), in New-York (USA) and in Tokyo (Japan). ISG delivers Bachelor's degree, Master's degree and MBA.

ISG is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.

Since the 10th of April 2012, the school is member of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles".

Terry Watkinson

Terry Watkinson (born 1940 in what is now Thunder Bay, Ontario) is an artist, painter, illustrator, and musician.

After spending his youth in Thunder Bay and Iroquois Falls Ontario, Watkinson attended the University of Toronto for two years in the field of architecture, until he left to participate in the band Max Webster. Upon the dissolution of the band, he returned to the university to study medical illustration. After graduating with a Bachelor of Science, he taught the subject at the University of Toronto.

He gained national prominence as a keyboardist for rock group Max Webster during the 1970s and early 1980s.

He is also active as a painter of other subjects. In 1993 he painted the cover of Klaatu's compilation album, Peaks.


Western Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Company

The Western Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Company operated at Port Arthur, Ontario, now part of Thunder Bay, on Lake Superior from its organization in October 1909 until its reorganization in November 1916 as the Port Arthur Shipbuilding Company. It was probably a subsidiary of the Cleveland-based American Ship Building Company until entrepreneur James Whalen took control in 1916. Whalen was president from 1909–1916.

Its dry dock and shops were located at Bare Point at the extreme eastern end of the Thunder Bay harbour. They were constructed in 1910. The first launching of a vessel was June 27, 1911, a scow or barge for the Great Lakes Dredging Company.

During the First World War, the company also produced shells and munitions for the Imperial Munitions Board. It also built Big Bull tractors in 1915.


HMCS Fort Frances (J396)

HMCS "Fort Frances" (J396) was an that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II.


Goh Keng Swee

Goh Keng Swee (; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Gô͘ Khèng-sūi; 6 October 1918 – 14 May 2010) was the second Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore between 1973 and 1984, and a Member of Parliament for the Kreta Ayer constituency for a quarter of a century.

Goh died in the early morning of 14 May 2010 at the age of 91. His body lay in state at Parliament House from 20 to 22 May. A state funeral was held on 23 May 2010 at the Singapore Conference Hall. After the ceremony, a private ceremony for family members was held at the Mandai Crematorium. As a mark of respect, the State flag was flown at half-mast from all Government buildings between 20 and 23 May.

HMCS Chaleur (MCB 144)

HMCS "Chaleur" (MCB 144) was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy for three and a half months in 1954 before being sold to the French Navy to become "La Dieppoise". She was eventually replaced by .

HMCS Middlesex (J328)

HMCS "Middlesex" (J328) was an that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II.


Composition (visual arts)

In visual arts, the composition is the way that colors or shapes are put together or arranged in a particular painting, graphic, photograph or sculpture.

Paper cup

A paper cup is a drinking cup made out of paper. Paper cups are usually coated with plastic or wax to stop liquid leaking out or soaking through the paper.

Provinces of Japan

The were historical subdivisions of the island country. They developed and changed from the 7th century until the Meiji Period. In the 1870s, the provincial system was replaced by a new system of prefectures. 

The early provinces were created by Imperial decree. Over time, there were many changes in the numbers of provinces.

The national system of provinces was established at the beginning of the 8th century.

The borders of the provinces were often changed until the end of the Nara period. 

From the Heian Period through Edo period, provincial borders were generally stable, but there were some changes.

In the early Meiji period some provincial borders were changed before the prefectural system was established.


Yuki Iwata

Yuki Iwata (; born 1972 in Shimada, Shizuoka) is a Japanese artist. She is a movie director, screenwriter, illustrator, and lyricist. She has won prizes at several film festivals in Japan. Her most recent movie was "Yubiwa wo Hametai" in 2011.

Royce Clayton

Royce Clayton (born January 2, 1970) is a retired American baseball player. He played for many teams in the Major League. Clayton played for 17 seasons. He played in the 1997 All-Star game.

Futaba, Fukushima

The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was built in Futaba. 

The area was evacuated because of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011.

In 2013, the future is uncertain for the people of Futuba. According to the town's spokesman, 

The people who used to live in Futuba are called "nuclear refugees".




Katsurao, Fukushima

After the March 11 disasters, the town offices moved to Aizubange, Fukushima. On 15 June 2011, the offices moved again to Miharu, Fukushima.

Naraha, Fukushima

After the March 11 disaster, the town offices moved to Iwaki, Fukushima. On 25 March 2011, the offices moved again to Aizumisato, Fukushima

Tomioka, Fukushima

Tomioka is close to Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. The town is inside the 20 km exclusion zone which was created after the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. Animals still live in the Tomioka "no-go zone". 

The Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant is partly in Tomioka. The town government has moved temporarily to Kōriyama since 17 March 2011.

Hair coloring

Hair coloring or hair dyeing is changing the color of hair. Common reasons are to cover gray hair, to change to a color that a person likes better, and to return the hair to its normal color after it has been badly changed by hairdressing or sun bleaching. The 1661 book "Eighteen Books of the Secrets of Art & Nature" explained ways of coloring hair black, gold, green, red, yellow, and white .

The four common types of hair coloring are "permanent", "demi-permanent" (sometimes called "deposit only"), "semi-permanent", and "temporary".


Flight information display system

A Flight Information Display System (FIDS) is a computer system in airports. It tells passengers about arrivals and departures as they happen. The computer system controls mechanical or electronic displays or TV screens.

In large airports, there is a FIDS for each terminal. Some airports use a separate FIDS for each major airline. FID systems help passengers during air travel and people who want to pick-up passengers after the flight.

Each line on an FIDS shows a different flight number and:

Because of code sharing, a single flight may be shown with many different flight numbers. For example, a flight may use the flight numbers LH474 and AC9099) even though there is just one aircraft doing both flights. Lines may be sorted by time, airline name, or city.

Flash point

The flash point of a volatile substance is the lowest temperature at which it can become vapor, mix with air, and burn.

The flash point describes liquid fuel. It helps to tell about the danger of fire from liquids. “Flash point” can describe both flammable liquids and combustible liquids.

Several national and international committees and organizations decide how everyone should measure the flash point. The three main groups that decide this standard for measurement are the CEN / ISO Joint Working Group on Flash Point (JWG-FP), ASTM D02.8B Flammability Section, and the Energy Institute's TMS SC-B-4 Flammability Panel.

The standard for testing the temperature of the flash point tells the equipment, units of measure, the steps to follow, and the precision of the test method.

Open Season (movie series)

The series of Open Season movies from Sony Pictures Animation includes four films: "Open Season" (2006), "Open Season 2" (2008), "Open Season 3" (2010), "" (2015), as well as a short movie called "Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run" (2006). A video game based on the first movie was released on many platforms.

A 900-pound grizzly bear named Boog living in the town of Timberline (Martin Lawrence) meets Elliot (Ashton Kutcher), a one-horned mule deer. They end up stranded together in the woods during hunting season and they have to beat the hunters with the help of all the other animals. In the end, Boog decides to stay in the forest and says goodbye to his owner Ranger Beth (Debra Messing).

Elliot (Joel McHale) falls in love with Giselle (Jane Krakowski). However, his friend Mr. Weenie (Cody Cameron) is kidnapped by a group of pampered pets determined to return him to his owners. Elliot (who leads the way), Boog (Mike Epps) (who also leads the way), Giselle, McSquizzy (Billy Connolly), Buddy (Maddie Taylor), and Serge (Danny Mann) and Deni (Maddie Taylor) go on a long journey to rescue Weenie. However, the pets, lead by a poodle named Fifi (Crispin Glover), insist on fighting for Weenie. In the end, Mr. Weenie decides to go back to his owners and leave the wild.

Boog (Matthew J. Munn) thinks that Elliot (Maddie Taylor) has not been as close a friend since he started a family with kids of his own. In search for real friends, Boog stumbles upon a circus in Russia where he meets a talented female bear named Ursa (Melissa Sturm) (whom he falls madly in love with) and a clever bear who looks like him, named Doug (Matthew J. Munn). Boog switches places with Doug while so Doug can escape. When Elliot, Mr. Weenie, and the pets and other wild animals realize Boog is missing, they all get together and set up a plan to get Boog back. In the end, Ursa decides to live with Boog and his friends.

When an unknown creature gets mistaken for a werewolf, former hunter Shaw (Trevor Devall) reopens open season. With the animals of Timberline National Forest being at risk, Boog (Donny Lucas), Elliot (Will Townsend), and Mr. Weenie (Will Townsend) set out to uncover the mystery of the werewolf, and get open season closed.

A short movie, "Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run", was released in 2007 and is featured on the "Open Season" DVD and Blu-ray.

! rowspan="3" width="10%" | Characters
! colspan="4" | Main films
! colspan="1" | Short films
! width="10%" | "Open Season"
! width="10%" | "Open Season 2"
! width="10%" | "Open Season 3"
! width="10%" | ""
! width="10%" | "Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run"
! 2006 
! 2008 
! 2010 
! 2015 
! 2007
! Boog
! Elliot
! Giselle
! Mr. Weenie
! McSquizzy
! Serge
! Deni
! Buddy
! Ian
! Rosie
! Maria
! Reilly
! Bobbie
! Bob 
! Beth
! Shaw
! Sheriff Gordy
! Fifi
! Roberto
! Stanley
! Roger
! Nate
! Rufus
! Charlene
! Fox Jaw
! Doug
! Ursa Major
! Alistair
! Gisela
! Giselita
! Elvis
! Ed
! Edna
! Wailing Wampus Werewolf

Morgan Oey

Morgan Oey (born in Singkawang, Indonesia, May 25, 1990) is an Indonesian pop singer, dancer, model, actor who joined the group SM*SH.


Vladimir Stasov

Vladimir Vasilievich Stasov (born 14 January 1824, Saint Petersburg; died 23 October 1906, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian art and music critic. He wrote a lot about art and music in journals, newspapers and in letters to the press. He lived at a time when classical music and other forms of culture were quite new in Russia. Russian artists were imitating European art, but Stasov encouraged them to create a culture which was typically Russian, showing its own nationalism. People saw him as the champion of the new Russian school in all the Russian arts. He knew most of the great Russian writers, artists and composers of his day, and he wrote many letters including letters to the press in which he stated his views very forcefully.

Stasov’s father was an architect. Stasov graduated from the School of Jurisprudence in 1843. In 1847 he began his career as a music critic. He gave a lot of support to Glinka who was trying to compose music that reflected Russian nationalism. In 1856 a group of five composers often got together to discuss ideas about music. Stasov called this group Moguchaya kuchka (“The Mighty Handful”). The oldest one of the group was Balakirev who was like a leader and teacher to the others. The other four were Mussorgsky, Cui, Borodin and Rimsky Korsakov. They had ideas about music which were very different from those of Anton Rubinstein, the composer who had founded the Petersburg Conservatory. Rubinstein thought that Russian composers such as Glinka were all amateurs and that music should be taught like it was in Germany. Stasov and Balakirev were very angry about his views. They started a Free Music School as a rival to the Conservatory. They wanted music to reflect Russian folk singing, dancing and the tolling of Russian church bells.

Stasov gave a lot of encouragement to Russian composers and suggested ideas for compositions to them. It is thanks to his suggestions that many great Russian operas were composed: Borodin’s Prince Igor, Mussorgsky’s Boris Godunov, Rimsky-Korsakov’s The Tale of Tsar Saltan, Sadko and The Maid of Pskov and Tchaikovsky's The Tempest and Manfred. Stasov wrote biographies of the composers Glinka, Dargomïzhsky, Musorgsky and Borodin.

Stasov wrote in an interesting way that made the reader become enthusiasic about the subject. He talked a lot about ‘nationalism’ and ‘realism’. ‘Nationalism’ meant that it should reflect the daily lives of the Russian people. He encouraged painters such as Repin, Kramskoi, Vasnetsov and Antokolsky to paint the lives of the Russian people instead of classical or biblical subjects that were popular with European artists. He became a member of the Imperial Academy of Arts in 1859 and stayed there, even when he was offered better jobs, because he felt that the Academy gave him freedom to express his thoughts. He was made honorary fellow of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1900, together with the great novelist Leo Tolstoy.

Art critic

An art critic is a person who writes about art. He writes reviews which are published in newspapers, magazines, books and on web sites. He often goes to museums and art exhibitions and then writes about the paintings and sculptures on display.

Professional art critics should know a lot about art history. 

People often discuss what the art critic has said or written. It may lead to a lot of discussion among art lovers. When art critics write good things about young artists it may help them to become famous. If they write bad things then it makes it difficult for young artists to have a good career. So, art critics (just like music critics with music) have a lot of influence on art culture. Critics such as Roger Fry have helped the public to understand the Post-Impressionist movement, and Lawrence Alloway helped to explain Pop Art.


Goh Chok Tong

Bole Goh Chok Tong (; born 20 May 1941) was the second Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore. A member of the People's Action Party (PAP), he became Prime Minister on 28 November 1990, succeeding Lee Kuan Yew, and served in the role until 12 August 2004, when he stepped down and was succeeded by Lee Hsien Loong. He subsequently served as Singapore's Senior Minister until May 2011, and as the Chairman of the Monetary Authority of Singapore. He continues to serve as a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency and holds the honorary title of "Emeritus Senior Minister".


Microsoft Small Basic

Microsoft Small Basic is a programming language made by Microsoft. It is a simplified version of the BASIC programming language. It was first released in 2008. Small Basic was designed by Microsoft DevLabs. The language has only 14 keywords, and the interface is simple.


Charles Cahill

Charles "Charlie, Moose" Cahill (January 4, 1904 – June 5, 1954) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger. He was born in Summerside, Prince Edward Island. He played one National Hockey League season with the Boston Bruins.


Alf Handrahan

Alf Handrahan (born December 27, 1949) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in the World Hockey Association. He played fourteen games for the Cincinnati Stingers. He was born in Alberton, Prince Edward Island.

Japan Society for the Promotion of Science

The (JSPS), also known as "Gakushin", is an independent administrative institution in Japan.

JSPS exists to contribute to the advancement of all fields of the natural and social sciences and the humanities.

The Society was created in 1932. An endowment given by Emperor Shōwa helped establish Gakushin.

Popular interest in the history of science led to the establishment of JSPS

Gakushin evolved in a context of other societies and groups such as the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers and the Research Institute for Chemistry and Physics.

The Japanese government has always supported the society.

In 1967, JSPS became a semi-governmental organization. The Society was reorganized as an independent administrative institution in 2003.

JSPS has many scientific and academic programs. Its mission is

JSPS publications include:



Chromosome inversion

An inversion is a chromosome rearrangement out of mutation. In chromosome inversion, a segment of a chromosome is reversed end to end. An inversion is when the chromosome breaks at two points in a chromosome (or at the end) and does a 180 degree flip. The genes inside the inversion are in the reverse of the original order.

What matters is whether the inversion interferes with crossing-over during meiosis. Meiosis is the type of cell division which produces sex cells (gametes).

If both chromosomes of a pair have the same inversion, and there is no extra or missing genes, then there is no problem with meiosis.

When the homologous chromosomes pair in prophase I of meiosis, the genes on the chromosomes pair up. The only way this can happen after an inversion is if the homologous pairs form a loop. If a cross-over occurs within this inversion loop, it can lead to loss or gain of DNA. For this reason, people with inversions in their germ cells often have lower fertility. This is because the gametes are damaged.

Families that are carriers of inversions may be offered genetic counselling and testing.

Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant

The is a nuclear power plant in the towns of Naraha and Tomioka in the Futaba District of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) runs the plant. There are four nuclear reactors at the plant. All four of them automatically shut down after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The plant is sometimes called "Fukushima II Nuclear Power Plant" because "Daini" means "Number 2" in Japanese.

The plant uses boiling water reactors. Toshiba built reactors 1 and 3. Hitachi built reactors 2 and 4.

All reactors at the plant reached cold shutdown by March 15, 2011. In June 2011, 7,000 tons of seawater from the tsunami were still in the plant. TEPCO planned to put it all back into the ocean. But, about 3,000 tons of the water had radioactive chemicals in it. Japan's Fisheries Agency did not let TEPCO release the water back into the ocean. Japan's Prime Minister said the nuclear emergency at the Fukushima Daini plant was over on December 26, 2011.

List of National Laboratories (Japan)

List of National Laboratories (Japan) includes scientific research centers in Japan. These independent administrative institutions are supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS). The semi-governmental laboratories include


National Institute for Minamata Disease

Japan's National Institute for Minamata Disease (NIMD), is a medical research facility in Minamata, Kumamoto Prefecture. NIMD studies Minamata disease.

The research center is part of Japan's Ministry of the Environment



Ted Lilly

Ted Lilly (born 4 January 1976, in Torrance, California) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Montreal Expos, New York Yankees, Oakland Athletics, Toronto Blue Jays, Chicago Cubs, and Los Angeles Dodgers. He retired after the 2013 season.

Geospatial Information Authority of Japan

The or GSI is the national institution responsible for surveying and mapping the land and geography of Japan. The main offices of GSI are in Tsukuba City of Ibaraki Prefecture.

From 1949 through May 2010, it was known as the "Geographical Survey Institute".

GSI is part of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.



Ellie Goulding

Elena Jane "Ellie" Goulding (born 30 December 1986) is a British singer-songwriter. She was born in Hereford and raised in Herefordshire, England. Her debut studio album was "Lights" in 2010.

Goulding studied drama, politics, and English at the University of Kent.

In 2010, she became the second artist to both top the BBC's yearly Sound of... poll and win the Critics' Choice Award at the Brit Awards in the same year. The first was Adele in 2008.

Goulding released her first studio album, "Lights", in 2010. The album started at number one on the UK Albums Chart. It has sold over 850,000 copies in the UK. The album's title track was released as a single and rose to number 2 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was later ranked as the number-five song of 2012 in the United States.

She performed her cover of Elton John's "Your Song" at the wedding reception of Prince William and Kate Middleton at Buckingham Palace. On 6 August 2011, Goulding performed at Lollapalooza in Chicago. Goulding performed at the yearly Nobel Peace Prize Concert on 11 December 2011 in Oslo, Norway. She also was on a panel discussion with Amy Lee of Evanescence and Janelle Monáe. On 1 December 1971/1983/2011, Goulding performed at the White House during the National Christmas Tree lighting ceremony.

She will make her film debut in John Grisham's adaptation of "The Testament" with Nicole Appleton.

Her 2012 album, "Halcyon", debuted at number 9 on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart. Its lead single,Anything Could Happen", reached number five in the UK, while it made the top 50 in the US. The album was re-released as "Halcyon Days" in 2013 and provided the single, "Burn", which reached number one in the UK and the top twenty in the US.

In 1975/1987/2015, her song "Love Me like You Do" was released from the soundtrack for the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey", based on the novel by E. L. James. The song reached the top three in the US and reached number one in the United Kingdom. She released her third studio album, "Delirium", in November of that year. It included the singles "On My Mind", "Love Me like You Do", and a collaboration with Scottish DJ Calvin Harris, "Outside".

Goulding recorded a single in 2016, "Still Falling for You", for the movie "Bridget Jones's Baby". She also released a collaboration with rapper Swae Lee and DJ Diplo, "Close to Me".



Hou Yifan

Yifan Hou (born 27 February 1994, in Xinghua, Taizhou, Jiangsu, China) is a female Chinese chess prodigy. She was the Women's World Chess Champion 20102012. She was the youngest women ever to win the title, and the youngest female player ever to qualify for the title of Grandmaster.

At the age of 12, Hou became the youngest player ever to take part in the Women's World Championship and the Chess Olympiad (Turin 2006). In June 2007, she became China's youngest National Women's Champion ever. In 2010, she became the youngest World Chess Champion in chess history (men's or women's) by winning the Women's World Chess Championship 2010 in Hatay, Turkey, at the age of 16. She then defended her title by defeating Indian Koneru Humpy in the Women's World Chess Championship 2011.

In the most recent (January 2012) FIDE rating list, Hou is ranked as the #1 girl player in the world, the #2 female player, the #10 junior player, and the #3 player aged 17 or under. She is only the third female chess player to achieve a FIDE chess rating of over 2600. In January 2011, Hou was recognised as the best Sportsperson of the Year in China involved in a non-Olympic event.

In January 2012 Yifan broke through to the highest level in chess. She came joint first in the very strong Gibraltar chess tournament, an event with many grandmasters. She tied with Nigel Short on 8/10 points ahead of top players like Michael Adams and Shakhriyar Mamedyarov. To divide the prize money, a two game rapidplay match was won by Short 1½–½.

Significantly, she beat Judit Polgar and finished well above her. This was the "first time Polgar has lost to a woman since 1992". Then, aged 16, she lost to her eldest sister, Susan Polgar, who was at that time a stronger player. Yifan also beat Alexei Shirov, Zoltan Almasi and Le Quang Liem, and drew with Adams and Mamedyarov for a tournament performance rating of 2872. This means she is the second highest rated female in the history of the game, and is closing in on Polgar's record grading. There has been talk of a match between Polgar and Hou. Polgar has never competed in events limited to women, but the prospects of such a match is "interesting". Polgar, born 23 July 1976, is still an extremely a strong player.

Yi Gi

Yi Gi (, hanja:, October 26, 1476 – April 28, 1552) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and writer of the Korean Joseon Dynasty. His other name was Gyungjae (경재, 敬齋), and his Chinese style name was Munjung (문중, 文仲). He came from the Deoksu Lee clan (Hangul: 덕수이씨, Hanja: 德水李氏).

nephew of Seong Dam su (성담수) and Seong Dam-nyun (성담년). One of the members of Saengyukshin (생육신), and first cousin once removed of Seong Sam-mun (성삼문). He was one of the members of Sayukshin. He was grand uncle of Yulgok Yi I (율곡 이이). Prime minister of Joseon Dynastys 1549 to 1551.


Kim Seok-ju

Kim Seok-ju (; 1634 – September 20 1684) was a Confucian scholar, writer and politician of the Joseon Dynasty. He was the elder cousin of Queen Myeongseong and paternal first cousin once removed of 19th king Sukjong. His penname was Shigam(식암, 息庵) and Chinese style name was Sabaek(사백, 斯百).




Po (Kung Fu Panda)

Master Po Ping (more commonly known simply as Po) is a fictional character and the main character of the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise. He is in his 20s. He is also giant panda who was improbably chosen as the "Dragon Warrior", the kung fu champion of the Valley of Peace in the first movie.

Po is the adoptive son of Mr. Ping, the Warrior of Black-and-White (as revealed in "Kung Fu Panda 2"). Po is one of Master Shifu's students. In "", Po is revealed to have the ability to be able to learn kung fu at a glance.

Kung Fu Panda (franchise)

The "Kung Fu Panda" franchise from DreamWorks Animation, consists of four movies: "Kung Fu Panda" (2008), "Kung Fu Panda 2" (2011), "Kung Fu Panda 3" (2016) and "Kung Fu Panda 4" (2024). Two Annie Award-winning shorts, "Secrets of the Furious Five" (2008) and "Kung Fu Panda Holiday" (2010), were also released. A TV show for Nickelodeon called "" premiered in the fall of 2011 and ended on June 29th 2016.


Moravian Academy

Moravian Academy is a school in historical center of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in the United States. It was founded by the Moravian Church in 1741. It is the ninth oldest independent school in the United States. Moravian Academy has a religious heritage in the Moravian Church. Now it says that it is a "church-related school" and welcomes students from all religious and cultural backgrounds.

The school was founded in 1741 and in one year later it was the first school for girls in American colonies. Moravians believed, that education is a duty and they kept educational tradition of Comenius. Today's Moravian Academy was founded combining the Moravian Seminary for Girls and Moravian Preparatory School in 1971.


Gemini (astrology)

Gemini is the astrological Zodiac sign that represents the constellation Gemini. In the tropical zodiac, Gemini is from May 20 to June 20. Under the sidereal zodiac, it is now from June 15 to July 15. The opposite sign to Gemini is Sagittarius. 

This sign for Gemini was made from two lines, representing the twins.
In mythology Gemini is related to Greek myth of the twins of Zeus and Leda, Castor and Pollux.

In astrology Gemini is ruled by the planet Mercury.


Windows Live Writer

Windows Live Writer is a web logging application. It was made by Microsoft and is part of the Windows Live Essentials group of applications. Writer has WYSIWYG post editing features. Writer lets users add images and maps to their posts as well as other things. The application works with Windows Live Spaces, SharePoint blogs, Blogger, LiveJournal, TypePad, WordPress and other services.

Kim Ikhun

General Kim Ikhun (; 1619 – March 11 1689) was a Neo-Confucian scholar of the Joseon Dynasty. His nickname was Gwangnam (광남, 光南), his style name was Musuk (무숙, 懋叔). He was a grand uncle of Queen Inkyung, wife of king Sukjong of Joseon.



Nam Gon

Nam Gon (Korean: 남곤, 南袞, 1471 – March 10 1527) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and soldier of the Korean Joseon Dynasty. His nickname was Jijeong (止亭, 지정)·Jijokdang (知足堂, 지족당)·Jijok (知足, 지족), a Chinese style name was Sahwa (士華, 사화). He was a mental grandfather of Song in married to princess Jeongsun (정순옹주, 貞順翁主), illegitimate daughter of King Joseon Jungjong

A member of Sarim (사림, 士林), Vice Prime minister to 1521 and Prime minister of Joseon 1523 to 1527.




Song Si-yeol

Song Siyeol (, Hanja: 宋時烈; 1607 - 1689), was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and soldier of the Korean Joseon Dynasty. His nickname was Uam (우암, 尤庵) Ujae (우재, 尤齋) Gyosannobu (교산노부, 橋山老夫) Namgannosu (남간노수, 南澗老叟) Hwayangdongju (화양동주, 華陽洞主) Hwayangbuja (화양부자, 華陽夫子), a Chinese style name was Yeongbo (영보, 英甫). header of Westner Partys.




Association Aéronautique et Astronautique de France

The Association Aéronautique et Astronautique de France (3AF) is the French national aeronautical and astronautical non-profit association. Is has been created in 1971 and is located in Paris.

The main activity of 3AF is to bring together people interested in aerospace activities.


Independent Administrative Institution

The IAI are semi-governmental organizations. They are regulated by the "Basic Law on Reforming Government Ministries" of 1998. There are about 100 IAIs.

IAIs employ management methods of private-sector corporations. Each IAI has autonomy in operations and in budgeting.



Josh Towers

Josh Towers (born February 26, 1977 in Port Hueneme, California) is a retired baseball pitcher. He played for the Toronto Blue Jays and other MLB teams.

Académie de l'air et de l'espace

The Académie de l'air et de l'espace (AAE) is the French national air and space non-profit academy. It was been created in 1983. by André Turcat. It is in Toulouse.

The main activity of AAE is to promote knowledge and development in aerospace activities.


University of Toulouse

The University of Toulouse is a network of French universities and grandes écoles in the city of Toulouse. It was founded in 2007.



The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill

The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is the debut solo album by American R&B musician Lauryn Hill. It was released on August 25, 1998.

Manchester (disambiguation)

The term Manchester can stand for:

The Five

The Five, often known as The Mighty Handful, are a group of five Russian composers who met regularly in Saint Petersburg, Russia, in the mid-19th century. The Russian name for the group: "Moguchaya kuchka" ("The Mighty Handful") was given to them by Vladimir Stasov, the famous music critic. The five composers were: Mily Balakirev, César Cui, Modest Mussorgsky, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Alexander Borodin. The group all wanted to write music in a Russian style, rather than imitating European composers. They were part of the movement known in music as Nationalism. They were five of the most important composers of the time. Note that Tchaikovsky was not one of the group. His music is more European-based, but he, too, often wrote very Russian music based on folk tunes.

Before The Five were established as a group, Mikhail Glinka and Alexander Dargomyzhsky were trying to create a Russian kind of music. All the composers of The Five were amateur composers. This does not mean that they were bad, it means that they earned their living in other ways and composed when they had time. Rimsky-Korsakov was a naval officer, Borodin was a professor of chemistry, Cui was an expert in military armaments and Mussorgsky had been in the Guards and then in the civil service before he took up music full time. Balakirev, the leader of the group, worked for a time for the Warsaw Railways. He was the spiritual leader of the group: a kind of teacher and guide.

The composers of The Five tried to put the sounds of village songs, Cossack and Caucasian dances, and church chants in their music. Russian peasants used to sing folk songs in which words or syllables were spun out with several notes into a long, lyrical line. This influence can be heard in many of the Five’s works, especially in Mussorgsky’s operas. They also frequently used music which sounded like that from Eastern Asia (“Orientalism”).

The group began to meet in 1856. This was before Anton Rubinstein founded the St Petersburg Conservatoire. Music at the Conservatoire was taught in a European way. This is what The Five, together with the music critic Vladimir Stasov, were against. However, in later years Rimsky-Korsakov taught at the Conservatoire, and Rubinstein who had left in to concentrate on his career as a pianist, often used ideas from Russian folk music. The difference between the two parties had become blurred. By the 1880s The Five were drifting apart because they each had developed their own personal styles. Apart from Cui, whose music is not often heard today, the members of the group influenced or taught many of the next generation of Russian composers, such as Alexander Glazunov, Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov, Sergei Prokofiev, Igor Stravinsky, and Dmitri Shostakovich.



List of Independent Administrative Institutes in Japan

The identifies a special type of legal entity in Japan. There are about 100 of these semi-governmental entities, including



Tracy Pollan

Tracy Pollan (born June 22, 1960) is an American actress. She is best known for her work on the sitcom "Family Ties" She is married to actor Michael J. Fox. They have 4 children. Pollan was born on June 22, 1960 in Long Island, New York.

Pollan is from Russian Jewish descent.

Aéro-Club de France

The Aéro-Club de France (AéCF) is the oldest aeronautical institution in the world. It was created on 20 October 1898. It is in Paris.

The main activity of AéCF is to promote aviation and certification.

Drina Martyrs

The Drina Martyrs were Catholic nuns of the Congregation of the Daughters of Divine Charity. They were killed in Bosnia and Herzegovina between December 15 and 23, 1941 because of their religion.

Their names were Marija Jula (Kata) Ivanišević, Marija Bernadeta (Terezija) Banja, Marija Krizina (Josefa) Bojanc, Marija Antonija (Josefa) Fabjan and Maria Berchmana (Carolina Anna) Leidenix. They died in Goražde and near Sjetlina in 1941. They are beatified in Sarajevo on 24th September, 2010.



Hans Zimmer

Hans Florian Zimmer (born 12 September 1957) is a German movie score composer and music producer. He has written music for over 100 movies. 

His works include "The Lion King" (1994), "Crimson Tide" (1995), "Gladiator" (2000), "Batman Begins" (2005), "The Dark Knight" (2008), "Inception" (2010), "Rango" (2011), "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012), "Man of Steel" (2013), "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014), "" (2016), "Dunkirk" (2017), "Widows" (2018) and "The Lion King" (2019). 

His most recent work was "No Time to Die" (2021), "Wonder Woman 1984" (2021) and "Dune" (2021), for which he won another Academy Award. 

Zimmer spent the early part of his career in the United Kingdom before moving to the United States. Before becoming known as a film score composer, he wrote commercial jingles and was even part of the band The Buggles, known for their 1979 one-hit "Video Killed the Radio Star". He is in charge of the movie music division at DreamWorks studios. He also works with other composers through the company he founded, Remote Control Productions. 

Zimmer's works are notable for combining electronic music sounds with traditional orchestral arrangements. He has been given four Grammy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, a Classical BRIT Award, and an Academy Award. He was also named on the list of Top 100 Living Geniuses, published by "The Daily Telegraph".

In 2000, Zimmer's score for "Gladiator" became one of the best selling movie score albums of all time. He also composed video game scores such as "Call of Duty" and "Fortnite".

Zimmer stated composers like Ennio Morricone, Carter Burwell, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, György Ligeti, Edward Elgar, Richard Wagner, Stanley Myers, Trevor Horn, Jerry Goldsmith, Lalo Schifrin, Alfred Newman, Elmer Bernstein, Bernard Herrmann, John Williams, Maurice Jarre, Robert Schumann, Johannes Brahms, Joseph Joachim, Max Steiner, Charles Munch, Hector Berlioz, Franz Waxman, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, John Barry, Ludwig Von Beethoven, James Horner, Michael Kamen and Michael Nyman as influences.


Arka Sokaklar

Arka Sokaklar (Turkish for "Back Alleys" or "Back Streets"), is a Turkish crime television series. It has been broadcast on Kanal D (Channel D) since 2006.

Pınar 4 (Pınar Aydın, Sitare Bilge, İpek Yaylacıoğlu and Elvan Dişli)
Şule 3 (Özge Özbütün, Manolya Aşık and Ecem Öz) 
Ayla 2 (Filiz Taçbaş and Hülya Kalebayır Çelik) 
Efe 2 or 3 (Muhammet Yaşa "citation needed", Kaan Uslu and Onurcan Sesli) 
Selin 2 (Oya Okar and Gizem Birdan)

Shin Suk-ju

Shin Suk-ju (1417 June 21, 1475) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician and diplomat, linguist, and painter during the Joseon Dynasty. His cousin was Deposed Queen Yun. His pen name was Huihyundang (희현당, 希賢堂), Bohanjae (보한재, 保閑齋), Chinese style name was Beomong (범옹, 泛翁).




Fontenai-sur-Orne

Fontenai-sur-Orne is a former commune in the Orne department of Lower Normandy, France. There were 254 people in 2006. The size of the village is 651 hectare (ha). Its Saint-Martin church was built in classical times. The west gate was built in 16th century, but the Virgin statues are from the 18th century. An underground vaulted cave made in stone is in the presbytery. There is a local party organized on the 3rd Sunday of July. The city's main activities are mixed farming and bird-raising. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the commune Écouché-les-Vallées.

Sled dog racing

Sled dog racing (sometimes termed dog sled racing or husky racing) is a winter sport most popular in the Arctic regions of Canada, Russia, the United States and some European countries. It is a race of teams of sled dogs that pull a sled with the dog driver or "musher" standing on the runners.


Is the glass half empty or half full?

Is the glass half empty or half full? is an idiom. 

The question is a common expression with both an obvious meaning and a meaning which is inferred or implied.

The phrase describes two different ways of understanding the meaning of a situation.

The idiom is used rhetorically to indicate that a particular situation could be a cause for optimism (half full) or pessimism (half empty).

The phrase is a metaphor. For example, 


Safe (container)

A safe is a container where people can put important things to protect them from fire, theft, or both. A safe is usually a box-shaped container with a lock. One that is designed to protect things from just fire may not have a lock or may have only a simple lock or padlock hasp. Some only open at the correct time of day. Safes are usually heavy and made of a strong substance such as steel. They are designed to be very difficult to open with crowbars, hammers, drills, lock picks, and other tools. 

Safes are available in many different security levels. These range from ones made to protect from common burglars to those made to protect from professional thieves and spies. Fire ratings are usually based on how long the safe can be in a common structure fire before the inside of the safe reaches 175 degrees Celsius. This is the temperature at which paper and wood are destroyed. The fire rating usually ranges from 15 minutes up to 3 hours. Some safes are also waterproof, which protects the contents from flood and from getting wet when a fire is put out by firefighters. A large safe that is part of a building is called a vault. Vaults have usually one or more rooms.

Bear (gay slang)

Bear is a gay slang term. It describes a hairier and/or heavy-setgay or bisexual man. A bear typically projects an image of rugged masculinity. Some bears present a very masculine, over-the-top image of a ruggedly masculine man. Bears also exhibit masculine behavior comparable to romanticized brotherhood, often engaging in masculine hobbies such as outdoor activity, sports, and gaming with others from their community in a romanticized fashion. There are many different labels for different kinds of bears, based upon amount of fat, muscle, hair, masculinity, and age, though higher amounts of each of these qualifications are what more commonly define the bear community (Also called the International Bear Brotherhood).

Feminine traits and typical traits of more common gay men aren't often seen as attractive to bears, as they are less definitive of the group, which has lead to discrimination in the past. Bears often form clubs modeled on biker clubs. Clubs are formed for bears to hang out with their own kind. These clubs may have bylaws, membership requirements, and charities the clubs support. They may host bear-related events such as "Mr. Bear" male beauty contests.

Some of the more common labels for bears are Cubs, Otters, Chasers, Muscle-Bears, and Chubs. A younger (or younger looking) version of a bear is called a cub. Cubs are often younger or less mature or masculine-looking. The term is sometimes used to imply the passive partner in a relationship. An "otter" is a slimmer or less hairy bear regardless of age, and a Chaser is a member of the bear community who is attracted to any kind of bear without being one themselves.

Bears have scrapped within their communities from time to time. Discrimination has been had between the types of bears more commonly at earlier dates. Some bears and "muscle bears" have not welcomed Chubs, bears who favor and exhibit mostly fat as a bear, at their events. Because of what bears and members of the bear community are most often attracted too, exclusion of those kinds of people has often occurred. Fat (or lack of it) has become an issue. Many men in the Bear Community regard their overweight condition as a form of self-acceptance and sign of coming of age, overlapping with the Gay Gainer community in this regard. The majority of bears are white because of prior Gaelic views of the bear animal and masculinity, and because of genetics. Hairiness is regarded as a standard of physical attractiveness that genetically favors white men aesthetically, socially, and sexually.

Although typically excluded from the mainstream gay media, there are several publications that exist for the bear community. Although most are more beefcake and porn-focused, there are some, such as "Bear World Magazine", which focus on the bear lifestyle, covering a range of topics and celebrating the bear community as a whole. There is also a genre of manga called Bara or Gei Komi which focuses on the gay romance of bigger and more masculine men, though Bara has never been translated into anime.


Colin Firth

Colin Andrew Firth CBE (born 10 September 1960) is an English actor who has received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, two BAFTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards, as well as the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival. In 2010, Firth's portrayal of King George VI in Tom Hooper's The King's Speech won him the Academy Award for Best Actor.

Identified in the late 1980s with the "Brit Pack" of rising, young British actors, it was not until his portrayal of Fitzwilliam Darcy in the 1995 television adaptation of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice that he received more widespread attention. This led to roles in films, such as The English Patient, Bridget Jones's Diary, for which he was nominated for a BAFTA Award, Shakespeare in Love, and Love Actually. In 2009, Firth received widespread critical acclaim for his leading role in A Single Man, for which he gained his first Academy Award nomination, and won a BAFTA Award. In 2014, Firth portrayed secret agent Harry Hart in the film Kingsman: The Secret Service; he later reprised the role in the 2017 sequel Kingsman: The Golden Circle. In 2018, he co-starred as William "Weatherall" Wilkins in the musical fantasy Mary Poppins Returns.

His films have grossed more than $3 billion from 42 releases worldwide. In 2011, Firth received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and was also selected as one of the Time 100. He was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Winchester in 2007, and was made a Freeman of the City of London in 2012. He has campaigned for the rights of indigenous tribal people, and is a member of Survival International. Firth has campaigned on issues of asylum seekers, refugees' rights, and the environment. He commissioned and co-authored a scientific paper on a study into the differences in brain structure between people of differing political orientations.

T-Pain

Faheem Rashad Najm (born September 30, 1984), better known by his stage name T-Pain, is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer. 

His first album, "Rappa Ternt Sanga", was released in 2005. In 2007, T-Pain released his second album, "Epiphany". It reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. His third album, "Three Ringz", was released in 2008. The albums included a string of hit singles, including "I'm Sprung", "I'm 'n Luv (Wit a Stripper)", "Buy U a Drank (Shawty Snappin')", "Bartender", "Can't Believe It", and "5 O'Clock". T-Pain has earned two Grammy Awards from 12 nominations, one with Kanye West for "Good Life" and the other with Jamie Foxx for "Blame It". He was the winner in season 1 of "the Masked Singer" as "Monster". 

T-Pain is the founder of his record label Nappy Boy Entertainment, established in 2005. Throughout his career as a singer, T-Pain popularized the creative use of the Auto-Tune pitch correction effect, used with extreme parameter settings to create distinctive vocal sounds. From 2006 to 2010, T-Pain was featured on more than 50 chart topping singles. His most successful feature to date was on Flo Rida's first single "Low". The single has since been certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).


Hot Chelle Rae

Hot Chelle Rae is an American pop rock band. They formed near Nashville, Tennessee around 2005. Their debut album "Lovesick Electric" was released in 2009. The band is best known for their 2011 song, "Tonight Tonight".

Jones (Animal Farm)

Mr. Jones is a character in the book "Animal Farm". He is the brutal (and often drunk) owner of Manor Farm. 

Jones is kicked out of his farm when the animals start their rebellion. Later he returns with several others, and tries to get his farm back. There is a battle, but the animals win.

He symbolizes Czar Nicholas II.

Walter Johnson

Walter Perry Johnson (November 6, 1887 – December 10, 1946) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played 21 years in the Major Leagues, all for the Washington Senators. He was then the manager of the Senators from 1929 to 1932, and he managed the Cleveland Indians from 1933 to 1935. He was known for being able to throw baseballs with great speed, and he was nicknamed "The Big Train". He set many baseball records and has the second-most wins of all-time. Many people think he is the greatest pitcher of all-time. 

Walter Johnson was born on November 6, 1887 on a farm near Humboldt, Kansas. His parents were Frank and Minnie Johnson, and he had five siblings. When Johnson was 14, his family moved to Orange County, California. Later, he moved to Idaho, where he played baseball for a small team from Idaho and worked for a phone company. When someone from the Washington Senators saw him pitch, they signed him to a contract in 1907.

Walter Johnson was known for being a "power pitcher," meaning he could throw the ball very hard and fast. His fastball was the main reason he was able to accomplish so much, like having the most 3,509 career strikeouts and the most shutouts of all-time. He also won the American League Most Valuable Player award twice, in 1913 and 1924.

After he retired from playing in 1927, Johnson was one of the first five players elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1936. He later ran for a spot in the United States House of Representatives, but lost the election. He died from a brain tumor in Washington, D.C. on December 10, 1946.

Tris Speaker

Tristram E. Speaker (April 4, 1888 - December 8, 1958), was an American baseball player. He was one of the greatest center fielders in baseball history, both on offense and defense. He had a .345 career batting average (fourth all-time), and the record for most career doubles, with 792. He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball, with the Boston Americans/Red Sox, Cleveland Indians, Washington Senators, and Philadelphia Athletics. He also was the manager of the Indians from 1916 to 1926. Speaker was born in Hubbard, Texas on April 4, 1888. 

Speaker, who retired from baseball in 1928, was chosen for the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1937. His induction ceremony was held in 1939.

Speaker died of a heart attack in Lake Whitney, Texas on December 8, 1958. He was on a fishing trip with a friend when he died.

Paulie (movie)

Paulie is a 1998 family movie about a talking parrot named "Paulie". It was directed by John Roberts and written by Laurie Craig, and it was produced by Mark Gordon, Gary Levinsohn, and Allyson Lyon Segan for Mutual Film Company and DreamWorks Pictures. It stars Jay Mohr as Paulie's voice and Tony Shalhoub as a janitor who finds the parrot kept captive in a biological research laboratory. It also stars Gena Rowlands, Cheech Marin, Bruce Davison, Trini Alvarado, and Buddy Hackett in his final film role.

The film was released on VHS in 1998 by DreamWorks Home Entertainment.

Mike Posner

Mike Posner (born February 12, 1988) is an American pop singer. His first studio album was "31 Minutes to Takeoff". It was released on August 10, 2010. This album included the single "Please Don't Go" and the hit song "Cooler Than Me". He was born in Southfield, Michigan.

Robin (comics)

Robin is a comic book superhero and Batman's sidekick. The character appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. There are many characters that became Robin, but the first one was Dick Grayson. The first version of Robin was presented in "Detective Comics" #38 (April 1940). He was created by Bob Kane, Bill Finger and Jerry Robinson. The team of Batman and Robin is also called "the Dynamic Duo" or "the Caped Crusaders". He is a member of the Teen Titans.

The character has appeared in movies, television series, video games, toys, and more.

In the 1943 Batman movie, Douglas Croft played Robin and in the sequel, Johnny Duncan played Robin 

In 1966, Burt Ward played Dick Grayson also called Robin while Adam West played Batman

In the 1995 movie Batman Forever, Chris O'Donnell played Dick Grayson. O’Donnell also played him in the sequel. 

In The Dark Knight Rises, Joseph Gordon-Levitt played Detective John Blake whose real name is Robin. 

Estelle

Estelle Fanta Swaray, known by her mononym Estelle (born 18 January 1980) is an British singer-songwriter, rapper and actress. She was born in Hammersmith, London, England.
In 2004, two of Estelle's singles made it into the charts. These were "1980" and "Free". She also won a MOBO Award for "Best Newcomer". The videos to both of her songs were directed by Andy Hylton. "Free" was written by Estelle. It was produced by Jimmy Hogarth. Her first album,"The 18th Day", reached number 35 in the UK Albums Chart.

In 2008, Estelle worked with rapper/producer Kanye West on her song "American Boy". This song reached the top 10 in many countries. It was number one on the UK Singles Chart and in Belgium and Israel. The song won many awards. These included a Grammy Award for best Rap / collaboration. The song was also nominated for the Grammy for "Song of the Year". "American Boy" reached number 7 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. Her album "Shine" was released after the single. It was on the albums chart in most countries. It was number 6 in the UK. Estelle also released a new single with rapper Busta Rhymes. It is called "World Go Round". The single was on Rhymes' album "Back on My B.S.", which was released on 19 May 2009.

Estelle's third album "All of Me" was released on 28 February 2012 in the US. 

Estelle does the voice of Garnet, one of the main characters in the cartoon Steven Universe.




Gladiator (movie)

Gladiator is a 2000 Anglo-American historical action movie directed by Ridley Scott and produced by Douglas Wick, David Franzoni and Branko Lustig. It stars Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Richard Harris, Connie Nielsen, Djimon Hounsou and Oliver Reed. It won five Academy Awards. A sequel, "Gladiator 2", is expected to be released on November 22, 2024.

Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) takes power after he murders his father, Emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), the great stoical philosopher, and strips rank from Maximus (Russell Crowe), one of the favored generals of Marcus Aurelius. Maximus then becomes a slave and has to fight to the death in the gladiator arenas, while he plans his revenge on Commodus for murdering his wife and son.

Geodesy

Geodesy, sometimes called geodetics, is a scientific branch of geography which accurately measures the surface of the Earth. 

Friedrich Robert Helmert (18431917), who started the discipline, talked about measuring and mapping the surface of the earth. This includes its geometric description (the geoid) and the measurement and description of its gravitational field. 

Some people involved in the discipline look at geodynamics, the crusts, the tides, or the movement of the geographical poles.

Hammer and sickle

Hammer and sickle are symbols that have generally been associated with communism. The hammer is a symbol for work done in industry, the sickle stands for work done in agriculture. Several countries have made the use of these symbols illegal, when they outlawed the communist party. These countries include Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland. However, some countries (especially communist ones) still commonly use the symbol, such as Angola in its flag, the flags of some cities in Russia (an former Soviet state), and China, Vietnam and Laos in the logos of their respective dominant political parties, for example.

Reference ellipsoid

A reference ellipsoid is an ellipsoid which is used as a frame of reference for geodetic calculations. It is a figure like the shape of the Earth. It is easier to work with than the geoid, which is another shape like that of the Earth. 

It is relatively easy to describe the reference ellipsoid using mathematical formulae. Describing the geoid is much more complex, as it results from precise measurements. The first such models were spheres, used since Ancient Greece. In the 17th century, there were doubts that the earth was a sphere. In 1688, Isaac Newton solved a controversy with Giovanni Domenico Cassini by demonstrating mathematically that the rotation of the earth would lead to a flattening around the area of the poles, and not at the equator. 

In practice this was shown by Pierre Bouguer and Alexis-Claude Clairaut half a century later. The two had done an expedition to Peru and Lapland (1735-1741). Their measurement of the meridian arc lead to the definition of the metre. This was the ten-millionth part of the idealized distance between the pole and the equator, 1791. Because of different errors in measurement, it turned out to be 0.022% too short, and was redefined twice, in 1793, and 1799. The value of 1799 is still the official definition but it is about 0.197‰ too short. 

In 1983, the metre was redefined as the distance, light travels in a certain amount of time, in a vacuum.

Heo Mok

Heo Mok (; 10 January 1595 – 27 April 1689) was a Korean Neo-Confucian and Taoist scholar, politician, writer, and painter during the Joseon Dynasty. His pen names were Misu (미수, 眉叟) and Taeryeong-Noin (태령노인, 台領老人), Sukhojangin (석호장인, 石戶丈人). His style names were Munbo (문보, 文甫) and Hwabo(화보, 和甫).

He was a leader of South man party, 1675 - March 1680 in vicePrime minister of Joseon Dynastys.



Tokyo National Museum

The or TNM is the oldest and largest museum in Japan.

TNM collects houses, and preserves a collection of art works and archaeological objects of Asia. In the collection, there is an emphasis on Japan.

The museum is in Ueno Park in Tokyo.

TMN was founded in 1872.

In 1882, the museum was established in its Ueno Park location.

The museum went through several name changes. It was called the Imperial Museum in 1886. It was known as the Tokyo Imperial Household Museum from 1900 through 1947.



Nara National Museum

The or NNM is one of the major art museums in Japan. It is in Nara, which was the capital of Japan from 710 to 784.

The museum has art works and archaeological objects of Japan. In the collection, there is an emphasis on Buddhist art from the Nara area.

NMN was established in 1889 as the . The museum held its first exhibition in 1895.

The Museum was renamed the Imperial Household Museum of Nara.

It has been known by its present name since 1952.



Mitsubishi A7M

The Mitsubishi A7M Reppū (Japanese for "Strong Gale") was a fighter aircraft used by the Imperial Japanese Navy. It was made to be a successor to the A6M Zero. It was designed to get superior speed, agility, and weaponry over the Zero. The wing area and overall size were also greater, about the same as the American P-47 Thunderbolt. The A7M's allied codename was "Sam".

Planet Sheen

Planet Sheen is an American CGI animated television series. It is the 2010 spin-off of the 2002 TV series "" and the 2001 Oscar-nominated animated movie "". The series was created by John A. Davis, Keith Alcorn, and Steve Oedekerk. It was based on characters created by John A. Davis. Jeffrey Garcia repeats his role as Sheen in this series. There are also many new actors. It is unknown if it will show the original cast.


Romanian Orthodox Church

The Romanian Orthodox Church is an Eastern Orthodox church in Romania. More than 80 percent of Romanians belong to it. The head of the church is the Patriarch of All Romania.

Hair dryer

A hair dryer (also called a blow dryer) is a device that blows cool or hot air using a fan. Hair dryers are usually used to speed up drying wet hair.

The main parts of a hair dryer are a motor-powered fan and an electrically heated element. The element heats up when an electric current flows through it. When air from the fan goes through the barrel of the hair dryer, it is heated by the element. The hot air passes out of the end of the hair dryer (the nozzle). The user can direct the nozzle towards their hair.

Alexandre Godefoy created the first model of the hair dryer in France in 1890.

Kamloops Blazers

The Kamloops Blazers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1966. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Kamloops, British Columbia at the Interior Savings Centre.

The franchise was created in 1966 and first played in Estevan, Saskatchewan as the Estevan Bruins. The team then moved to New Westminster, British Columbia and became the New Westminster Bruins in 1971. Finally, it moved to Kamloops, British Columbia to become the Kamloops Junior Oilers in 1981. The team changed their name to the Blazers in 1984.

The franchise has won the most Memorial Cups of any team in the WHL with five; two wins as New Westminster (1977 and 1978) and three wins as Kamloops (1992, 1994 and 1995). The CHL record is seven cups, held by the Toronto Marlboros (now the Guelph Storm). Since moving to Kamloops, the Blazers have only missed the playoffs twice in their 30 seasons.


Future Diary

The manga first appeared in "Shōnen Ace" from January 26th, 2006 to December 27th, 2010. The two side stories were published during the main story's release, each new chapter released every few months. The manga was released for sale in volumes by Tokyopop before it ended selling books.

The anime was created by the animation company Asread. The anime has had two opening and ending theme songs: "Kuso Mesorogiwi" and "Filament" by Yousei Teikoku, and "Blood Teller" and "Dead End" by Faylan. An eight-minute television pilot was released with eleventh manga volume, as a preview for the anime to be released in late 2011.

A video game was released in 2010 by Kadokawa, titled "Future Diary Rewrite - The 13th Diary Owner".

"Future Diary" is about a lonely 14-year old boy named Yukiteru "Yuki" Amano who has no friends and spends his time writing a diary on his mobile phone. One day, Deus Ex Machina, the God of Time and Space, give Yuki's diary the power to predict the future, but warns Yuki that if his diary is broken, Yuki will die. Yuki is at first happy about knowing his own future, but a girl in his school named Yuno Gasai reveals she also has a Future Diary. Yuno is madly in love with Yuki, often stalking him, and her phone predicts everything he will do.

It turns out that Yuki, Yuno and ten other people who all have Future Diaries are part of a survival game, in which the group must kill each other using their diaries until one person is left alive. The winner shall become the next God of Time and Space after Deus dies. Yuno becomes Yuki's guard and would-be girlfriend as he makes friends and enemies of the other diary owners as the game moves on. Yuki does make friends with several children of his age including wannabe detective Aru Akise, Hinata Hino who is the daughter of the diary owner Karyuudo Tsukishima, Mao Nonosaka who loves Hinata, and former bully Ouji Kosaka.

Yuno shows an insane side, often using violence and threats to harm those who threaten Yuki or her relationship with him. Yuki learns that Yuno has a horrible, tragic life and hides three corpses in her house, two of which are revealed to be her parents. This leads Akise to investigate Yuno's past and learn her true goals in the survival game.

Kyoto National Museum

The or KNM is one of the major art museums in Japan. It is in Higashiyama Ward in Kyoto.

The museum has art works and archaeological objects of Japan. In the collection, there is an emphasis on material from the Heian period through the Edo period when Kyoto was the capital of Japan.

The Museum is currently undergoing renovation and will reopen in 2013.

KMN was established in 1889 as the Imperial Museum of Kyoto.

Construction on the museum building finished in October 1895.

The museum's first exhibition was opened in 1897.

The museum went through a series of name changes. In 1900, it was called the Imperial Household Museum of Kyoto.

In 1924, the museum was donated to the City of Kyoto in honor of the marriage of Crown Prince Hirohito. At that time, the name was changed to the Imperial Gift Museum of Kyoto.

The current name was selected upon in 1952.



Kyushu National Museum

The is one of the major museums in Japan. It is in Dazaifu in Fukuoka Prefecture.

The museum acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits a collection of art works and archaeological objects of Japan and East Asia. In the collection, there is an emphasis on the formation of Japanese culture through exchanges with other Asian countries and Kyushu.

Kyushu National Museum opened in 2005. The building was designed by Kiyonori Kikutake.

The museum was the first new national museum in Japan in over 100 years.

In December 2008, the museum was the venue for a trilateral diplomatic meeting between representatives of Japan, China and the Republic of Korea.



National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo

The or MOMAT is one of the major art museums in Japan.

MOMAT collects, houses, and preserves a collection of modern art, including both Japanese- and Western-style paintings, prints, watercolors, drawings, and sculpture, all dating from the Meiji Period through the 20th century.

MOMAT is in Kitanomaru Park in Tokyo.

MOMAT was established in 1952.



Skylar Grey

Holly Brook Hafermann, (born February 23, 1986), also known by the name Skylar Grey, is an American singer-songwriter. She has been on the songs of several rappers and R&B musicians.


Hayley Williams

Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer and songwriter. She is the lead singer of the American rock band Paramore. She has also been on the songs of R&B musicians and rappers. In 2002, at the age of 13, Hayley moved from her hometown in Mississippi, to Tennessee, where she met two of her future band members Josh and Zac Farro at her new school.
While still in school, she tried out for a local funk cover band called ‘The Factory’, in which she met her Jeremy Davis, who also went on to be in Paramore.She was discovered in 2003 by managers Dave Steunebrink and Richard Williams who signed the her to a production deal at just 14 years of age.

Oneota

Oneota is the name archaeologists have given to a culture found in North America. Oneota was mostly in what is now Wisconsin and neighboring states. It lasted from about AD 900 until about 1700. Archaeologists think Oneota became historic Macro-Siouan tribes such as the Ioway. A long-accepted ancestry to the Ho-chunk is not certain.


Temple Run

Temple Run is a video game made by Imangi Studios. Right now it is for iOS systems, which the iPhone and the iPad use, and the Android system for mobile phones. In the iTunes store, it has been in the top 50 most-downloaded apps in December 2011, and also became the number 1 free iOS app. It has went to the position of the top moneymaking iOS app. The game itself used to be 99 cents, but now it relies on players purchasing in-game coins, while the game itself is free.

The game is based around Guy Dangerous and other explorers that take a little statue from an ancient temple. The players control the characters and to begin the game the player must take the little statue. These players are Guy Dangerous, Scarlett Fox, Barry Bones, Karma Lee, Montana Smith, Francisco Montoya, and Zack Wonder. However, the player's efforts to steal the treasure seem useless when a group of evil monkeys pursue the player out of the temple, starting a "run." There is no finish line; the object of the game is to run as far as possible by going around obstacles that require the player to either jump (slide finger forward duck (slide finger backwards), or turn (slide finger to the right or left) in a precise manner. While all of this is happening, the player will be chased by the "evil monkeys". While playing, the player needs to tilt their device either to the left or the right to get coins. These coins are usually in the shape of a yellow diamond but according to their point value, they can also be a red diamond, a 2-point coin, or a blue diamond, a 3-point coin. Coins can be earned in game play to unlock objectives, and can also be spent at the store.

Husband-and-wife team Keith Shepherd and Natalia Luckyanova, along with artist Kiril Tchangov, created the hits Harbor Master and Temple Run. At first, the game was released for 99 cents, but soon enough they released Temple Run free, but with purchasable in-game coins. This made revenue multiply five times with in game coin purchasing. Both Shepherd and Luckyanova made the game, while Tchangov made the pictures.

Doug Crossman

Doug A. Crossman (born June 13, 1960 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a combined 14 seasons in the NHL. He was drafted with the 112th overall pick by the Chicago Black Hawks in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft. He played 3 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks, 5 with the Philadelphia Flyers, 1 with the Los Angeles Kings, 2 with the New York Islanders, 1 with the Hartford Whalers, 2 with the Detroit Red Wings, 1 with the Tampa Bay Lightning and 2 with the St. Louis Blues. Crossman was also a member of the 1987 Canada Cup Canadian National team.

James Sie

James Sie (born December 18, 1962) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian, best known as the voice of Monkey in "".

Wingert was born in Summit, New Jersey.

Wallace Shawn

Wallace Michael Shawn (born 12 November 1943) is an American actor, voice actor, playwright, and essayist, best known as the voice of Rex in the "Toy Story" series, Grand Nagus Zek in "", Calico in "", Vizzini in "The Princess Bride", and the voice of Taotie in ""and most recently John Sturges in Young Sheldon. Shawn is from New York City.

Shawn was born in New York City, to a Jewish family. His parents are William Shawn (1907–1992), the long-time editor of "The New Yorker", and journalist Cecille Shawn (née Lyon; 1906–2005); his brother, Allen, is a composer.



Simon Helberg

Simon Maxwell Helberg (born December 9, 1980) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is best known for his role as Howard Wolowitz in the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory". He is the voice of Bian Zao in the Nickelodeon show "".

Helberg was born in Los Angeles, California. He is the younger son of German-born actor Sandy Helberg. He was raised in Judaism.

Helberg is married to actress Jocelyn Towne. On May 14, 2012 their daughter Adeline was born.

Ernie Dickens

Ernest Leslie Dickens (June 25, 1921 – September 27, 1985) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that played 6 seasons in the NHL. He played 2 seasons with the Toronto Maple Leafs and 4 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks. Dickens won the Stanley Cup with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1942. He was also named to the AHL First All-Star Team in 1947 and was named a “Honoured Member” of the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.

National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto

The or MOMAK is one of the major art museums in Japan. It is in the Okazaki area in Kyoto.

The museum has modern art, including Japanese-style painting ("nihonga"), Western-style painting ("yōga"), prints, sculpture, crafts and photography.

The Museum is currently undergoing renovation and will reopen in April 2012.

MOMAK was established in 1963. In the early days, it was a part of the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo. It was an .

In 1967, this annex became the National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto.

The current building was designed by Fumihiko Maki. It was opened in 1986.



Aichi S1A

The Aichi S1A "Denko" (Bolt of Light) was a Japanese night fighter aircraft.

The Aichi S1A was intended to replace the Nakajima J1N1-S "Gekkou" ("Irving"), used during the Second World War. The aircraft was not completed before the war ended. Two prototypes were made in 1945. The project was cancelled after the prototypes were destroyed during bomb attacks.

John Dall

John Dall (born John Jenner Thompson, May 26, 1918 - January 15, 1971) was an American actor. 

He was born in New York City. He starred in "Rope" with Farley Granger and James Stewart. Dall played the male lead role in "Gun Crazy".

Dall died of a heart attack in Beverly Hills, California.


Bridgestone Museum of Art

The museum collects, houses, and preserves a collection of art which include Impressionists, Post-Impressionists and twentieth-century art by Japanese, European and American artists. Ceramic works from Ancient Greece are also featured.

The Bridgestone Museum is in Kyōbashi, Chūō Ward. It is on the second floor of the headquarters of the Bridgestone Corporation.

The museum was established in 1952 by Ishibashi Shojiro. He was the founder of Bridgestone Tire Company. His personal collection of art formed the core of the museum's holdings.

In 50 years, the collection has expanded. In 1980, the Museum gained international attention when it purchased Pablo Picasso's "Saltimbanque Seated with Arms Crossed". In 1987, the Museum bought Pierre-Auguste Renoir's "Mlle Georgette Charpentier Seated".

The museum has several works by Shigeru Aoki, including the large painting "" A Good Catch"" (海の幸 Umi no Sachi).


Currency Museum of the Bank of Japan

The is a museum about money in Japan.

The mission of the museum is to help increase visitors’ understanding of the history of Japanese money. Pure gold oban are on display. Pre-yen "sen" coins are also exhibited.
The Museum is near the Bank of Japan building in the Chūō Ward of Tokyo.

The museum opened in November 1985.

In 2002, the Bank of Japan gave the Museum its collection of old gold and silver coins. These coins had historical and cultural significance.



Peter Boulware

Peter Boulware is a former American football linebacker. Boulware played for the Florida Seminoles in college football. He was picked by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL to play professional football, which he did through 2005. In 2008, Boulware ran for the Florida House of Representitives, but lost. He wore #58.

Boulware was born on December 12, 1974 in the USA state of South Carolinia.

In college, Boulware played for the Florida Seminoles. He had success and was known for being a good sack artist. Boulware accepted an athletic scholarship to Florida State University, where he played for coach Bobby Bowden's Florida State Seminoles football team from 1993 to 1996. He redshirted his freshman season in 1993; as a redshirt freshman in 1994, he recorded 37 tackles, five sacks, and five tackles for loss. One of his sacks was recorded against Florida Gators quarterback Danny Wuerffel in the 1995 Sugar Bowl.

As a sophomore, Boulware totaled 46 tackles, an ACC-leading ten sacks, and 18 tackles for losses, which ranked second in the ACC, and was named honorable mention All-ACC. As a junior, Boulware totaled 68 tackles, a school record 19 sacks, 20 tackles for losses, seven forced fumbles, and three fumble recoveries. He was a consensus first-team All-American, All-ACC, ACC Defensive Player of the Year, as well as National Defensive Player of the Year by Football News. His 19 sacks were the most in the nation. Boulware decided to leave school early and enter the 1997 NFL Draft.

Boulware graduated on April 26, 1997 with a degree in management information systems.

Boulware was picked by the Baltimore Ravens in 1997. Boulware won the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year award in 1997 after 11.5 sacks. While with Baltimore, Boulware became part of a famous linebacker group that included Jamie Sharper and Ray Lewis. Boulware became a Super Bowl champion when the Ravens beat the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXXV. The next year, he had 15 sacks. He intercepted a pass in 2002 and returned it six yards.

Injuries plagued Boulware over his next several seasons in the NFL. They cost him all of the 2004 NFL season as well as large portions of 2003 and 2005. Boulware was released by the Ravens after the 2005 season, and soon retired.

Over his career in the NFL, Boulware added 399 tackles (289 alone), 70 sacks (second all-time on the Ravens list, behind only Terrell Suggs), 13 forced fumbles, five fumble recoveries, and one interception, which was returned for six yards. Boulware was inducted into the Baltimore Ravens Ring of Honor in a 2006 game against the Cincinnati Bengals.

In 2008, Boulware ran for the Florida House of Representitives as a member of the Republican Party, but lost. He is now an official on a Toyota Car store.


Warren Sapp

Warren Sapp (born 19 December 1972) was a National Football League player for the Oakland Raiders.

Iwate Museum of Art

The or IMA is a prefectural art museum in northern Honshu. It is at Morioka in Iwate Prefecture.

The museum's art is created by local artists such as Yorozu Tetsugoro, Matsumoto Shunsuke, and Funakoshi Yasutake.

After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, all the temporary exhibitions during April 2011- March 2012 were canceled.

The museum was opened in 2001.


Wrigley Field (Los Angeles)

Wrigley Field was a baseball park in Los Angeles, California. It was a home field of the minor league baseball teams called the Los Angeles Angels and the Hollywood Stars. It was also the home of the Los Angeles Angels of the American League in 1961.

The ballpark was built in 1925, by the same people who had built the much more famous Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois. It was on a city block bound by Avalon Boulevard, 42nd Place, San Pedro Street, and 41st Street. It opened in the last part of the 1925 baseball season and closed for baseball after the 1961 season.

It was used for other events from time to time. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a civil rights rally there on May 26, 1963. It was used as a set for several movies and TV shows. It was used for boxing matches a few times. It was also used for soccer matches. The ballpark was torn down in 1969. The block is now the home of a public park called Gilbert Lindsay Park.



Santonio Holmes

Santonio Holmes (b. March 3, 1984)is an American football wide receiver for the New York Jets of the National Football League. He was picked by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2006 NFL Draft. He played for the Ohio State Buckeys in college. In Super Bowl XLIII, Holmes caught the game-winning throw from Ben Roethlisberger. He played one more year with Pittsburgh before going to the Jets in 2010.

Chykie Brown

Chykie Brown (born December 26, 1986 in Houston, Texas) is an American former football cornerback. He played parts of 6 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, New York Giants, and Cincinnati Bengals. He was drafted by the Ravens in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft. He played college football for the University of Texas at Austin.

Brown was born on March 26, 1986. He grew up around the area of Houston in the USA state of Texas.

Brown attended the University of Texas at Austin in college. He played cornerback and wore #8. Brown was a redshirt freshman in 2006, and attended college for five years. He had eleven tackles in 2007, eight on special teams in thirteen games. In 2008, Brown recorded 28 tackles and a sack. He was limited by injuries, but returned and regained a starting spot before the Fiesta Bowl. In 2009, Brown had his best year. He recorded 48 tackles (31 solo), had two interceptions, and two sacks. He started just nine games in 2010, and his season ended with a forearm injury against Kansas State University. Brown managed to log in 19 tackles (14 solo), and a sack in his final season with the Texas Longhorns.

Brown was drafted in the 5th Round of the 2011 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Ravens. In the final preseason game, Brown returned an interception for a touchdown. Brown recorded four tackles for Baltimore in 2011. Brown was often used on special teams as he wore #23. Brown retired from playing professional football in 2016. 



Chris Carr (American football)

Charles Christopher Carr (born April 30, 1983) is an American former professional football cornerback and punt/kick returner. Carr played parts of 9 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders, Tennessee Titans, Baltimore Ravens, San Diego Chargers, and New Orleans Saints. He played college football for the Boise State Broncos. He was signed by the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2005. In 2006, he returned an interception 100 yards for a touchdown against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Carr played for the Tennessee Titans in 2008. Carr signed with the Baltimore Ravens in 2009, and had two interceptions that year and the next. In 2011 (after signing a 4-year contract), Carr had a down year, and missed time do to injuries. He has severed as a veteran guide to younger Baltimore cornerbacks. He was released in the next off-season.

On March 19, 2014, Carr announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.


Priest Holmes

Priest Holmes (born October 7, 1973) is a former American Football runningback. He played college football for the Texas Longhorns. Holmes went undrafted into the NFL in 1997. He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens. In 1998, he rushed for 1,008 yards and seven touchdowns after not playing the previous year. In 2000, Baltimore picked Jamal Lewis, and Holmes became a backup. The Ravens won Super Bowl XXXV that year. Holmes, wanting more playing time, signed with the Kansas City Chiefs. He rushed for well over 1,000 yards in his first three seasons with the team. Injuries bothered Holmes during his later time in Kansas City. He was again replaced by a younger runningback, Larry Johnson. He retired on November 21, 2007.

On November 2, 2014, he was inducted into the Chiefs Hall of Fame.


Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art

The museum's art includes some of the prefecture's most important cultural assets and works by artists with some connection to the region.

IPMA was first opened in 1959. When the collection outgrew its original building, a new one was built. The current structure was completed in 1983.

The core of the museum's holdings come from the Maeda family collection which was formerly housed in at the University of Tokyo.


Jake Delhomme

Jake Delhomme is an American Football quarterback for the Houston Texans of the NFL. He played college football for the University of Southwest Louisiana. Delhomme spent most of his NFL career with the Carolina Panthers after bouncing around to and from different teams from different leagues. He became a Pro Bowler in 2005. 

Delhomme had trouble with turnovers in his later days with Carolina. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns in 2010, and threw only two touchdowns next to seven interceptions. Delhomme was signed by the Houston Texans in 2011 after injuries to quarterbacks Matt Schaub and TJ. Yates.

Matt Schaub

Matt Schaub (born June 25, 1981) is an American football player. He plays quarterback for the Houston Texans of the NFL. He played college football for the Virginia Caveliers. Schaub was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in 2004. He played with the Falcons for three years behind Michael Vick. Schaub signed with the Texans in 2007. He became a solid starter and was selected to the 2009 Pro Bowl. In 2011, Schaub had a season-ending injury. Schaub was replaced by rookie TJ. Yates and veteran Jake Delhomme.

T. J. Yates

Taylor Jonathan Yates (born May 28, 1987) is a former American football quarterback and coach who is the wide receivers coach for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at North Carolina.

Yates was picked by Houston in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft. Yates became a starter after Matt Schaub suffered a season-ending injury. He threw three touchdowns next to three interceptions in the regular season, but guided the Texans to their first ever playoff appearance. Yates played well in a Wild Card win over the Cincinnati Bengals, but threw three interceptions in a divisional loss to the Baltimore Ravens.

John Harbaugh

John Harbaugh (born 9/23/1962 in Toledo, Ohio, USA) is the head coach for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. Since taking over the position from Brian Billick in 2008, Harbaugh has gotten the Ravens to the playoffs in each season, and is the only NFL head coach to do so. Harbaugh was previously the special teams coordinator and secondary coach of the Philadelphia Eagles for nine seasons. He is part of the famous Harbaugh coaching tree, that includes Father Jack Harbaugh and younger brother Jim Harbaugh.

Harbaugh has been respected as a great coach. As previously mentioned, Harbaugh is the only head coach in NFL history to take his team to the playoffs in each of his first four seasons. Harbaugh has also been successful on most challenge attempts.

However, Harbaugh has sometimes been criticized for keeping unpopular offensive coordinator Cam Cameron, among some other things.
But in 2013 he led the Baltimore Ravens to the Super Bowl.



Jim Harbaugh

Jim Harbaugh (born December 23, 1963) is an American football coach and former player. He is now the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines, the team representing the University of Michigan. Before returning to Michigan, where he had played in college, he had coached the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. Harbaugh is also a former NFL quarterback.

Harbaugh was previously a quarterback in the NFL, and had a mediocre playing career in the 1990s. After his playing days were over, Harbaugh became a coach. He was notably the head coach of the Stanford Cardinal in college football. Harbaugh was known for his energetic style. He was then hired by the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL to be their head coach.

In a game against the Detroit Lions (49ers win), a postgame handshake made national news. In the game, Harbaugh challenged a scoring play. However, under NFL rules, scoring plays are always reviewed. Detroit coach Jim Schwartz reportedly screamed a curse. After San Francisco won, the coaches went to midfield to shake hands. However, Schwartz accused Harbaugh of "smacking his back and shaking his hand too hard." Shartz chased Harbaugh down the field, and they had to be separated. This is often called "The Handshake Game."

Harbaugh later led the San Francisco 49ers to the NFC Championship. He won the NFL Coach of the Year award for taking a struggling team (and quarterback, in Alex Smith) and taking them deep into the playoffs. Jim also adopted a chant used by his father. It has regularly been referenced in the 49ers' locker rooms. It goes: ""Whooo's" got it better than us?" Answer: "Nooooobody!"

He left the 49ers after the 2014 NFL season and returned to Michigan as the Wolverines' new head coach.

Jim Harbaugh is part of the famous Harbaugh coaching tree that includes father Jack Harbaugh and older brother John Harbaugh.


Amqui

Amqui is a city in Quebec, Canada. It is the biggest city of the Matapedia Valley in Eastern Quebec.

WWE '12

WWE '12 is a wrestling video game that was published by THQ. It is available for the PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360 systems. It is the first game in the "WWE" series and fourteenth in the entire series. It was released on November 22, 2011 in North America, November 25 in the United Kingdom, and January 26, 2012 in Japan.

The weak/strong grapple system from the past games has been removed. Characters now perform different moves based on their opponent's current physical state. Players now have a window of opportunity to attack while still in a downed state and can also interrupt moves and Royal Rumble eliminations with attacks. Similarly, the pinning meter from the past games has been reworked to make it more difficult to kick out as a wrestler takes more damage. The game's artificial intelligence has also been adjusted to prevent players from overusing the same move. In addition, the ability to store finishing moves has returned. A new feature called "Dynamic Comebacks" gives players on the verge of losing the opportunity to successfully hit a combination of moves to gain two finishing moves. New "wake up taunts" bring a downed opponent to their feet for a finishing move (such as Randy Orton pounding on the ground before his RKO finishing maneuver). Players also have the ability to target specific limbs during matches and perform submissions through a new "Breaking Point" submission minigame.

"WWE Universe", the mode in which players participate in matches and storylines that are booked automatically, returned from the previous year with additional cutscenes. The "Road to WrestleMania," the mode in which players participate in a pre-scripted storyline featuring actual WWE superstar voices also returned. Instead of choosing one of a number of different stories lasting three months each, the mode in WWE '12 consists of a single storyline taking place over eighteen months of WWE programming and encompassing two WrestleMania events. The mode is split into three acts, the first of which sees the player assuming the role of the villainous Sheamus. The second act is centered around the heroic Triple H and the final act features the player taking control of a created superstar named Jacob Cass. The game also includes creation modes for superstars, entrances, finishing moves, storylines, highlight reels, and arenas, as well as the ability to share creations online.

WWE '12 was first announced on June 1, 2011 with the catch phrase, ""Bigger, Badder, Better"." THQ promoted a new animation system dubbed "Predator Technology." The "Predator Technology" makes the wrestlers in the game look more realistic. In addition to allowing players to interrupt moves, attack animations such as John Cena's Five Knuckle Shuffle and Booker T's scissor kick no longer warp players to the center of the ring. More realistic ring rope physics have also been added, with ropes moving as characters are slammed to the mat. The developers have also made efforts to prevent the collision detection problems that have affected the series in the past. On July 28, 2011, it was announced that those who pre-ordered the game would be able to play as The Rock and also receive alternate attires for The Miz. On August 13, 2011, Jerry Lawler was announced as downloadable content (DLC). Total Nonstop Action Wrestling performer Austin Aries voiced the main character of Jacob Cass in the Road to WrestleMania mode.

On October 26, 2011, THQ revealed that the first DLC pack would consist of Shawn Michaels, Jerry Lawler, Jim Ross, Michael Cole, alternate attires for the Road Warriors, and tag team attires for Christian and Edge. The next day, information regarding the Divas DLC pack was released, announcing new playable characters including Trish Stratus, Kharma, Nikki and Brie Bella, Vickie Guerrero and Alicia Fox. It was also announced that Alicia Fox would be free DLC. The third DLC pack would include Batista, Brodus Clay, Randy Savage and Mick Foley.

The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions garnered mixed reviews. IGN gave the game a 9.0 out of 10, stating that the gameplay changes are "breathing new life into its core mechanics." Mike D'Alonzo of G4 called it "the best wrestling game ever made." However, Andy Hartup of Computer and Video Games gave the game a 6.7 out of 10 and wrote that the game, "offers little more than some new gloss painted over an old product." Game Informer's Dan Ryckert echoed the sentiment, stating, "Thanks to a severely downgraded story mode and a lack of substantial improvements, this is the weakest WWE title in years."


Streptococcal pharyngitis

Streptococcal pharyngitis or strep throat is an illness that is caused by the bacteria called “Group A Streptococcus”. Strep throat affects the throat and the tonsils. The tonsils are the two glands in the throat at the back of the mouth. Strep throat can also affect the voice box (larynx). Common symptoms include fever, throat pain (also called a sore throat), and swollen glands (called lymph nodes) in the neck. Strep throat causes 37% of sore throats among children.

Strep throat spreads through close contact with a sick person. To be sure that a person has strep throat, a test called a throat culture is needed. Even without this test, a likely case of strep throat can be known because of the symptoms. Antibiotics can help a person with strep throat. Antibiotics are medicines that kill bacteria. They are used mostly to prevent complication such as rheumatic fever rather than to shorten the length of sickness.

The usual symptoms of strep throat are a sore throat, fever of more than 38 °C (100.4 °F), pus (a yellow or green fluid made up of dead bacteria, and white blood cells) on the tonsils, and swollen lymph nodes.

There can be other symptoms such as:

A person who gets strep throat will show symptoms one to three days after coming in contact with a sick person.

Strep throat is caused by a type of bacteria called group A beta-hemolytic streptococcus (GAS). Other bacteria or viruses can also cause a sore throat. People get strep throat by direct, close contact with a sick person. The illness can spread more easily when people are crowded together. Examples of crowding include people in the military or in schools. The GAS bacteria can dry out into dust, but then it cannot make people sick. If bacteria in the environment are keep moist they can make people sick for up to 15 days. Moist bacteria can be found on things like toothbrushes. These bacteria can live in food, but this is very unusual. People who eat the food can become sick. Twelve percent of children with no symptoms of strep throat have GAS in their throats normally.

A checklist called the modified Centor score helps doctors decide how to care for people with sore throats. The Centor score has five clinical measurements or observations. It shows how likely it is that someone has strep throat.

One point is given for each of these criteria:

A test called a throat culture is the main way to know if a person has strep throat. This test is correct 90 to 95 percent of the time. There is another test called a rapid strep test, or RADT. The rapid strep test is faster than a throat culture but correctly finds the illness only 70 percent of the time. Both tests can show when a person does not have strep throat. They can show this correctly 98 percent of the time.

When a person is sick a throat culture or rapid strep test can tell if the person is sick from strep throat. People who have no symptoms should not be tested with a throat culture or rapid strep test as some people have streptococcal bacteria in their throats normally without any bad results. And these people do not need treatment.

Strep throat has some of the same symptoms as other illnesses. Because of this, it can be hard to know if a person has strep throat without a throat culture or rapid strep test. If the person has fever and sore throat with coughing, a runny nose, diarrhea, and red itchy feeling eyes, it is more likely to be a sore throat that is caused by a virus. Infectious mononucleosis can cause swollen lymph nodes in the neck and a sore throat, fever, and it can make the tonsils get bigger. This diagnosis can be determined by a blood test. There is however no specific treatment for infectious mononucleosis.

Some people get strep throat more often than others. Removing the tonsils is one way to stop these people from getting strep throat. Getting strep throat three or more times in one year may be a good reason to remove the tonsils. Waiting is also appropriate.

Strep throat usually lasts a few days without treatment. Treatment with antibiotics will usually make the symptoms go away 16 hours quicker. The main reason for treatment with antibiotics is to reduce the risk of getting a more serious illness. For example, a heart disease known as rheumatic fever or a collection of pus in the throat known as retropharyngeal abscess. Antibiotics work well if given within 9 days of the start of symptoms.

Medicine to lessen pain can help with the pain caused by strep throat. These usually include NSAIDs or paracetamol which is also known as acetaminophen. Steroids are also useful, as is viscous lidocaine. Aspirin may be used in adults. It is not good to give aspirin to children because it makes them more likely to get Reye's syndrome.

Penicillin V is the most common antibiotic used in the United States for strep throat. It is popular because it is safe, works well and does not cost much money. Amoxicillin is usually used in Europe. In India, it is more likely for people to get rheumatic fever. Because of this, an injected medicine called benzathine penicillin G is the usual treatment. The antibiotics lower the average length of symptoms. The average length is three to five days. Antibiotics lowers this by about one day. These medicines also reduce the spread of the illness. The medicines are used mostly to try to reduce rare complications. These include rheumatic fever, rashes, or infections. The good effects of antibiotics should be balanced by the possible side effects. Antibiotic treatment may not need to be given to healthy adults who have bad reactions to medication. Antibiotics are used for strep throat more often than would be expected from how serious it is and the speed at which it spreads. The medicine erythromycin (and other medicines, called macrolides) should be used for people who have bad allergies to penicillin. Cephalosporins can be used in people with lesser allergies. Streptococcal infections might also lead to swelling of the kidneys (acute glomerulonephritis). Antibiotics do not reduce the chance of this condition.

The symptoms of strep throat usually get better, with or without treatment, in about three to five days. Treatment with antibiotics reduces the risk of worse illnesses. They also make it harder to spread the illness. Children may return to school 24 hours after first taking antibiotics.

These very bad problems might be caused by strep throat:

Strep throat is included in the broader category of sore throat or pharyngitis. About 11 million people get sore throats in the United states each year. Most cases of sore throat are caused by viruses. The bacteria group A beta-hemolytic streptococcus causes 15 to 30 percent of sore throats in children. It causes 5 to 20 percent of sore throats in adults. Cases usually happen in late winter and early spring. In Autumn 2022 30 children died in the United Kingdom from invasive strep A. The UK Health Security Agency sent out a communication which was said to have flooded emergency services with the ‘worried well’.

Slick Rick

Richard Martin Lloyd Walters (born 14 January 1965), better known by his stage name, Slick Rick, is an English rapper and record producer from a Jamaican family. He is also known by the names MC Ricky D and Rick the Ruler. He is also known for wearing an eye patch when performing after he was blinded in his right eye from broken glass as an infant. He burst onto the rap scene in Doug E. Fresh & the Get Fresh Crew where he went by the stage name, MC Ricky D. 

Slick Rick has released 4 studio albums:

Angel Stadium of Anaheim

Angel Stadium of Anaheim is a baseball park in Anaheim, California. It is the home field of the Los Angeles Angels. It opened in 1966. It has had several names over the years. It began as Anaheim Stadium.


Guaranteed Rate Field

Guaranteed Rate Field is a baseball park in Chicago, Illinois. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Chicago White Sox. It opened in 1991, replacing historic Comiskey Park. Before U.S. Cellular, a wireless telephone carrier, bought naming rights in 2003, with the stadium then being renamed U.S. Cellular Field, the ballpark was known as "New Comiskey Park" or just "Comiskey Park", in honor of the old park. 

The stadium name lost most of its value in Chicago after the company sold its local network to Sprint in 2012. During the 2016 MLB season, the White Sox made a new deal with Chicago-based mortgage lender Guaranteed Rate. The stadium name officially changed on November 1 of that year.



Kauffman Stadium

The Kauffman Stadium is a baseball park in Kansas City, Missouri. The Kansas City Royals play there.


LoanDepot Park

LoanDepot Park (originally Marlins Park) is a baseball park in the Miami, Florida neighborhood of Little Havana that is home to the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball. Before LoanDepot Park opened in 2012, the team, then known as the Florida Marlins, played home games at the venue now known as Hard Rock Stadium. LoanDepot Park is located on the former site of the Orange Bowl Stadium.

On March 31, 2021, the Miami Marlins announced that the team had sold naming rights to Marlins Park to LoanDepot. The name of the baseball park was changed to LoanDepot Park.

Comerica Park

Comerica Park is a baseball park in Detroit, Michigan. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Detroit Tigers. It was opened in 2000. Before that, the Tigers had played in historic Tiger Stadium.


Shad (rapper)

Shadrach Kabango (born July 18, 1982 in Kenya), known by his stage names, Shad and Shad K., is a Canadian rapper. 

Shad was born in Kenya to Rwandan parents and was raised in London, Ontario. He self-made his debut album, "When This Is Over" with a $17,500 cash prise that he won from 91.5 The Beat's Rhythm of the Future talent competition. His album "The Old Prince" was nominated for a Juno Award for "Rap Recording of the Year", and was also nominated for the 2008 Polaris Music Prize. His third album, "TSOL" was nominated for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize, a 2011 MuchMusic Video Award, and won the Juno Award for "Rap Recording of the Year" at the 2011 Juno Awards.
Shad has released three studio albums:

Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport

Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport is an airport near Washington, D.C.. It is in Arlington County, Virginia. It is the commercial airport closest to Washington, D.C. The Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (MWAA) is in control of the airport. It is named after 40th President of the United States Ronald Reagan.


Lardarius Webb

Lardarius Webb (born October 12, 1985) is a former American football free safety. He was picked by Baltimore in the 3rd Round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Webb played college football at Nicholls State University. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

Webb was born in the USA state of Alabama. In high school, he spent time as a runningback, quarterback, and defensive back. 

Webb originally attended the University of Southern Mississippi. Webb did not miss a game in his first season and had 55 tackles as a sophomore. 

In 2007 Webb changed to Nicholls State University. In his first game, Webb intercepted three passes and returned one for a touchdown. Webb played several positions.

Lardarius Webb was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the 3rd Round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Webb returned kicks and punts as well as helping in Baltimore's secondary. In 2009, Webb returned a kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown against the Denver Broncos. His season ended with a torn ACL against the Chicago Bears. He finished his rookie season with 35 tackles (32 alone), 1 sack and 6 knocked down passes. He also returned 35 kick-offs for 918 yards (26.2 average) and a touchdown.

Webb had 54 tackles (47 alone), 9 passes knocked down, and 2 interceptions in the 2010 regular season. However, he gave up a huge 58-yard completion to Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown in a Divisional Playoff loss. 

In 2011 Webb became a full-time starter. He had 67 tackles (54 alone), a sack, 20 knocked down passes, 5 interceptions (three more in the playoffs), 81 regular season return yards, and two touchdowns (one a punt return, another off a 73-yard interception).

He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.


Xzibit

Alvin Nathaniel Joiner (born September 18, 1974 in Detroit, Michigan), known by his stage name, Xzibit, is an American rapper, actor and television host. He is known for hosting the MTV television show "Pimp My Ride". He has also appeared in many movies as well. He is currently working on his seventh studio album, "Napalm". He has also become an internet meme.

Xzibit has released 6 studio albums:

Antonio Brown

Antonio Tavaris Brown (born July 10, 1988) is an American Rapper and an American football wide receiver. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 6th Round of the 2010 NFL Draft. Brown played college football at the University of Central Michigan.

Brown played college football for the Central Michigan University. He was noted for his versatility and was even an All-American.

Brown was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 6th Round of the 2010 NFL Draft. Brown spent time playing as a wide receiver and a returner. He returned a kickoff 89 yards for a touchdown in his rookie season. Brown is famous for a 58-yard third-down helmet reception against Lardarius Webb of the Baltimore Ravens in a playoff win. 

In 2011, Brown beat out veteran Hines Ward and fellow 2nd-year receiver Emmanuel Sanders. He became a starter alongside Mike Wallace. As well as returning kicks and punts very successfully, Brown had 69 catches for 1,108 yards and two touchdowns. Brown was named the Steelers' team MVP of the season.

In 2019, Brown was traded to the Oakland Raiders and then to the New England Patriots. In 2021, he was traded again to the Tampa Bay Buccancers. The reason why Brown was traded is that he had issues with teammates off the field.


Ishikawa Prefecture

Ishikawa was formed merging Kaga Province and the smaller Noto Province.

Ishikawa is on the Sea of Japan coast. Toyama Prefecture and Gifu Prefecture are on the eastern border of the prefecture. The southern border of Ishikawa meets Fukui Prefecture.

The Noto Peninsula is in the northern part of the prefecture. The southern part is mostly of mountains.

Kanazawa is in the coastal plain.

The prefecture includes some islands in the Sea of Japan, including Notojima, Mitsukejima, Hegurajima.

National Parks are established in about 13% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Shirayamahime jinja" and "Keta jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Cam Cameron

Cam Cameron is an American Football coach who is currently the offensive coodinator of the Baltimore Ravens. He was the head coach for the Miami Dolphins in 2007, but was fired after a 1-15 season. Cameron has been heavily criticized for his conservative (safe) play-calling.

Cameron spent time as a college football assistant. He was also the head coach of Indiana University's football team. 

Cameron spent some time as the Washington Redskins's quarterbacks coach. He was later promoted to the offensive coodinator position of the San Diego Chargers, where he helped guide future-star quarterback Drew Brees.

Cameron was hired as the head coach of the Miami Dolphins before the 2007 season. However, the franchise had its worst ever season and finished 1-15. He had an overtime victory against the Baltimore Ravens, coincidentally Cameron's next team. Cameron was replaced by Tony Sparano.

During a Baltimore Ravens roster and coaching overall, John Harbaugh hired Cameron as the new Baltimore offensive coodinator. In 2008, Cameron worked on the Suggs package, a play-calling that would have both quarterbacks Joe Flacco and Troy Smith. Following 2008, Cameron was criticized heavily for his conservative (safe) play-calling. After his contract expired following the 2011 season, Harbaugh announced that Cameron would in fact be back.



Tony Sparano

Tony Sparano (October 7, 1961 – July 22, 2018) was an American Football offensive coodinator for the New York Jets of the National Football League. He was previously the head coach of the Miami Dolphins. (Took over from Cam Cameron.) In his first season with Miami (2008), Sparano got the team from a 1-15 record to 11-5 and the division lead. However, the remainder of Sparano's Dolphins career was a disappointment.

Sparano and his wife, Jeanette, have two sons: Tony, Andrew, both members of the University at Albany. At age 17, Sparano had an incident which burnt his eyes, which is why he always wears his signature sunglasses even at night.

On July 19, 2018, Sparano was hospitalized in Eden Prairie, Minnesota after suffering from chest pains. He was released the following day and died two days later from a type of coronary heart disease at the age of 56.


Restart

Restart is a Brazilian teenage pop band. The band's hit songs include "Recomeçar", "Vou Cantar", "Levo Comigo" and "Amanhecer no Teu Olhar".



Water treatment

Water treatment is treating water to make it suitable to be used. Providing drinking water is one of the main uses of water treatment. 

Many factories also need very clean water to make steam or to make high quality products. Some of this water has to be made very pure with almost no other chemicals dissolved in it.

Treating sewage so that it does not cause harm to the environment is another kind of water treatment.

Saline water can be treated by desalination to yield fresh water. Two main processes are used, reverse osmosis or distillation. Both methods require more energy than water treatment of local surface waters, and are rarely used where good fresh water is available. 



Ted Marchibroda

Theodore "Ted" Joseph Marchibroda (March 15, 1931 – January 16, 2016) was a former American football quarterback and head coach in the National Football League. 

He started playing as quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He then played for the Arizona Cardinals when they were in Chicago. 

He was a head coach for the Indianapolis Colts from 1975-1979 when they were in Baltimore. He returned to the Colts as a head coach in Indianapolis from 1992-1995. He was an offensive coodinator on several teams. Marchibroda was signed by the new Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 1998 as their head coach. Marchibroda has since retired from coaching.

Marchibroda died on January 16, 2016 in Weems, Virginia from natural causes at the age of 84.

Art Modell

Art Modell was an American businessman and National Football League owner. He was married to Patricia Breslin (1931-2011) from 1969 until her death. Art Modell was the owner of the Cleveland Browns from 1961 to 1995. Due to the team's financial and field troubles, Modell moved the team from Cleveland to Baltimore in a highly criticized move in 1995. However, Modell agreed to let the Browns' history stay. An expansion franchise, the "reactivated" Cleveland Browns, would begin play in 1999. With the new Baltimore Ravens, Modell won Super Bowl XXXV. He sold the team to Steve Bisciotti before the 2004 NFL season.

Modell died at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland on September 6, 2012.


Jack Harbaugh

Jack Harbaugh (born June 28, 1939 in Crestline, Ohio, United States) is a former American Football high school football and college football coach and player.

Harbaugh played for the Bowling Green Falcons from 1957 to 1960 and won the Mid-American Conference championship in 1959 with the team. As a coach, Harbaugh was the head coach for Eaton High School from 1964 to 1965. After going to Morehead State from 1966 to 1967, Harbaugh returned to Bowling Green from 1968 to 1970 as an assistant. He also became an assistant for the Iowa Hawkeyes (1971-1973), the defensive backs coach for the Michigan Wolverines (1973-1979), the DBs coach for the Stanford Cardinals (1981-1982), Western Michigan Broncos (1982-1986), an assistant for the Pittsburgh Panthers (1987-1988), a Western Kentucky Hilltoppers head coach (1989-2002), a San Diego Toreros head coach (2004-2009), and, after a three-year retirement, Jack Harbaugh returned to the Stanford Cardinals as a runningbacks coach in 2009." Jack (and his son, Jim) often use the following Harbaugh chant: "Whoo's" got it better than us?" Answer: "Nooobody!" This was also used by Jack's wife.

However, Jack Harbaugh most famous for his spot in the Harbaugh coaching tree. His sons, John Harbaugh and Jim Harbaugh are currently NFL head coaches, who face each other in the 2013 Super Bowl. Jack is married to Jackie.


Jim Schwartz

Jim Schwartz is an American Football head coach for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League. A Maryland native, Schartz eventually rose to notable coaching positions. Before the 2009 NFL season, Schartz left his post as the defensive coordinator of the Tennessee Titans and became the head coach of the Detroit Lions, who went 0-16 the year before. Sschartz got Detroit to the playoffs in 2011.

In a game against the San Francisco 49ers (49ers win) in 2011, a postgame handshake made national news. In the game, San Francisco head coach Jim Harbaugh challenged a scoring play. However, under NFL rules, scoring plays are always reviewed. Schwartz reportedly screamed a curse. After the 49ers won, the coaches went to midfield to shake hands. However, Schwartz accused Harbaugh of "smacking his back and shaking his hand too hard." Shartz chased Harbaugh down the field, and they had to be separated. This is often called "The Handshake Game."


Ozzie Newsome

Ozzie Newsome Jr. (born March 16, 1956) is an American Football general manager currently of the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL. Newsome is a former NFL tight end, who wore #82 with the Cleveland Browns. Newsome is the NFL's third all-time leading receiver for a tight end, with 662 career catches. Newsome retired as a player after the 1990 season Cleveland, but joined the Browns front office as an executive that same year. In 1996, the Browns became the Baltimore Ravens. Newsome quickly rose up the rankings under owner Art Modell. After the 2003 season, Modell, along with several other Ravens front office members, retired. This left many open spots. Newsome became the team's new general manager under new owner Steve Biscotti. 

Throughout his career in the NFL, Ozzie Newsome has been known as one of the best tight ends and front office men in the history of the league. With Baltimore, Newsome signed Hall of Famers Mike Singletary, Shannon Sharpe, and Rod Woodson. He also drafted almost certain future Hall of Famers Ray Lewis, Johnathon Ogden, Ed Reed, and Terrell Suggs, among other notables.


21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art, Kanazawa

The is a art museum in central Honshū in Japan. It is in Kanazawa in Ishikawa Prefecture. It is next to the Kenroku-en Japanese garden and near the Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art. The museum opened in October 2004.

The museum has a large collection of modern art. Art made after 1980 is an important part of the collection.

Artists in the collection include:

Francis Alys, Matthew Barney, Tony Cragg, Olafur Eliasson, Leandro Erlich, Isa Genzken, Kojima Hisaya, Gordon Matta Clark, Carsten Nicolai, Giuseppe Penone, Gerhard Richter, Murayama Ruriko, Hiraki Sawa, Atsuko Tanaka, James Turrell, Patrick Tuttofuoco, Anne Wilson, and Suda Yoshihiro.

Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa of the architect office SANAA designed the building. They won the 2010 Pritzker Architecture Prize, partly because of their work on the museum.

The building is a circle, with a diameter of 112.5 meters.


Shan-e-Punjab

Shan e Punjab is a field hockey team for the Punjab Province in Pakistan. They are a part of the Pakistan Hockey Federation. Field Hockey is the national sport of Pakistan.

Miyazaki Prefectural Art Museum

The museum has artworks by artists who are either from Miyazaki Prefecture or who are in some way connected to it.

The museum was first opened in 1995.


Bananarama

Bananarama are a British female pop duo. The current band members are Sara Dallin and Keren Woodward. The group was formed in 1979 in London by Dallin, Woodward and Siobhan Fahey. The group had their first hit in 1982. Fahey was replaced by Jacquie O'Sullivan in 1988. O'Sullivan left in 1991.



Google Science Fair

The Google Science Fair is a yearly, online, worldwide science competition. It is sponsored by Google, Lego, CERN, National Geographic, and Scientific American. The first competition took place in 2011. The science fair is open to 13–18 year old students around the world. Students make an explanation for something, do an experiment and write down their results.

Gracie Allen

Grace Ethel Cecile Rosalie Allen (July 26, 1895 – August 27, 1964) was an American actress and comedian. She was in many movies. Her career in the entertainment industry lasted until 1958. She was the wife of actor George Burns

Tiki Barber

Tiki Barber is a former American Football runningback (New York Giants), commentator, and children's author. He is the identical twin brother of Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Ronde Barber. 

Barber played college football for the Virginia Cavaliers.

In 1997, Barber was drafted by the New York Giants. By all field accounts, Barber's NFL career was a success. He got the Giants to a Super Bowl XXXV appearance and became the team's all-time leading rusher. Barber, however, surprised many when he decided to retire after the 2006 season. In 2007, the Giants won Super Bowl XLII without Barber.

In the 2011 offseason, Barber announced that he would seek an NFL comeback. The statement was not received well by nearly anyone, since Barber was 35 years old, well beyond the normal age that famous runningbacks retire. Barber talked about going to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and joining his twin brother Ronde Barber, but a Tampa Bay front office executive promptly said "no way." Barber was brought in by the Miami Dolphins for a tryout, but was not signed.

Barber has drawn critics on and off the field. He has been criticized for remarks he made about Giants teammates Michael Strahan and Eli Manning. Barber also divorced is wife while she was pregnant to marry a woman he had a relationship with while married.

Tiki and twin brother Ronde Barber have written several children's books about their childhood and how they grew up. The twins have published *"By My Brother's Side" (2004), "Game Day" (2005), "Teammates" (2006), "Kickoff!" (2007), "Go Long!" (2008), "Wild Card" (2009), "Red Zone" (2010), and "Goal Line" (2011). These have generally been popular.


Ronde Barber

Ronde Barber is an American Football cornerback for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League. Barber won Super Bowl XXXVII with Tampa Bay in the 2002 NFL season. He is the identical twin of former New York Giants runningback Tiki Barber. Throughout his NFL career, Ronde Barber has made 1,138 tackles (958 alone), 27 sacks, forced 15 fumbles (recovered 12), intercepted 43 passes, had 763 total return yards, and seven touchdowns.

Twin brothers Ronde and Tiki Barber published the following books (have been generally popular):


Oriole Park at Camden Yards

Oriole Park at Camden Yards, also called Oriole Park or Camden Yards, is a baseball park in Baltimore, Maryland. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Baltimore Orioles. It opened in 1992, replacing the Orioles' long-time home Memorial Stadium.

The ballpark was built on the site of a railroad area called Camden Yards. The long brick building outside the right field area was part of that rail yard. The birthplace of Babe Ruth is also nearby. It is a museum which is a couple of blocks west of the ballpark.


Progressive Field

Progressive Field is a baseball park in Cleveland, Ohio. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Cleveland Guardians (Cleveland Indians from 1915 to 2021). It opened in 1994, replacing Cleveland Stadium, which had been the Indians' home for over 60 years.

The ballpark was originally called Jacobs Field, for a former team owner who had bought the naming rights. The ballpark was nicknamed "The Jake". In 2008, the naming rights were sold to the Progressive Corporation, an insurance company.


Choctaw Stadium

Choctaw Stadium (known until August 2021 as Globe Life Park in Arlington) is a stadium in Arlington, Texas. From its opening in 1994 until 2019, it was a baseball park that was home to the Major League Baseball team called the Texas Rangers. The ballpark replaced the old home of the Rangers, Arlington Stadium. It closed as a baseball park in October 2019 after the Rangers moved across the street to a retractable-roof stadium, Globe Life Field.

After the Rangers moved out, the stadium was rebuilt for football and soccer, and soon gained new tenants in both sports. In football, the Dallas Renegades, a team in the revival of the XFL (now called the UFL), started playing there when the league started in February 2020. In soccer, North Texas SC, a team that plays in the third level of U.S. soccer, originally USL League One and now MLS Next Pro, started playing at Globe Life Park in March 2020. The latter team, the reserve team of Major League Soccer's FC Dallas, had played its first season of 2019 at FC Dallas' home of Toyota Stadium in another Dallas–Fort Worth suburb, Frisco. In 2022, the Dallas Jackals, a new team in Major League Rugby, began using Choctaw Stadium as their home field. The stadium also hosts local high school football games.

In August 2021, the stadium received its current name via a sponsorship contract with Choctaw Casinos & Resorts, a Native American casino company.


Rogers Centre

Rogers Centre is a sports stadium in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is right next door to the CN Tower. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Toronto Blue Jays. Until 2015, it was also home to the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.

When Rogers Centre opened in 1989, it was called the SkyDome. It hosted the WWF's WrestleMania VI on April 1, 1990 and WrestleMania X8 on March 17, 2002. WrestleMania X8 attracted the largest ever paid crowd to SkyDome with 68,237 fans.

It was the first stadium to have a fully retractable motorized roof. It has a 348-room hotel attached to it with 70 rooms overlooking the field.


T-Mobile Park

T-Mobile Park is a baseball park in Seattle, Washington. It is the home field of the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball. It opened in 1999, and it replaced the Mariners' old stadium, the Kingdome.

The stadium opened as Safeco Field, with the locally based Safeco Insurance signing a 20-year contract to place its name on the stadium. With the contract ending after the 2018 season, Safeco chose not to renew it. The team then signed a new 25-year naming rights contract with wireless carrier T-Mobile US, the main American arm of German telecom giant Deutsche Telekom. The new name took effect on January 1, 2019.


Oracle Park

Oracle Park is a baseball park in San Francisco, California. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the San Francisco Giants. It replaced Candlestick Park as the home of the Giants. It was originally called Pacific Bell Park, and later as SBC Park and AT&T Park. The most recent name change came in 2019, when locally based technology giant Oracle Corporation signed a naming deal with the Giants.


Busch Stadium

Busch Stadium is a baseball park in Saint Louis, Missouri. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the St. Louis Cardinals.

The stadium was named for the Anheuser-Busch brewing company, which was based in St. Louis for a long time, and once was the owner of the Cardinals. Busch Stadium was built next door to the Cardinals' previous ballpark, Busch Memorial Stadium.


Coors Field

Coors Field is a baseball park in Denver, Colorado. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Colorado Rockies. It was named for the Coors Brewing Company. Coors is based in Denver, and bought the naming rights to the ballpark.


Great American Ball Park

Great American Ball Park is a ballpark in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is the home field of the Cincinnati Reds Major League Baseball team. It opened in 2003, and replaced the old home of the Reds, Riverfront Stadium.


American Family Field

American Family Field, originally known as Miller Park, is a baseball park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Milwaukee Brewers. It opened in 2001 to replace the old Milwaukee County Stadium that the Brewers played in. It was supposed to open in 2000, but a accident during construction delayed its opening. The first sponsor of the stadium was the Miller Brewing Company. Miller's contract with the stadium was for $40 million, and ran until January 1, 2021. American Family Insurance replaced Miller as the park's sponsor effective in 2021.

American Family Field has a roof shaped like a fan that can be opened and closed depending on the weather.


Minute Maid Park

Minute Maid Park is a baseball park in Houston, Texas. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Houston Astros.

It was originally called Enron Field. After Enron dropped its naming rights, the ballpark was temporarily renamed Astros Field. The park was renamed again when Minute Maid bought the naming rights. Because the ballpark is small and cozy, it is sometimes called "The Juice Box".
The stadium has a special roof which can be opened during nice weather and closed during rain. It also has a train above the outfield wall that moves on its track when the Astros get a home run.

Petco Park

Petco Park is a baseball park in San Diego, California. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the San Diego Padres. It opened in 2004, replacing the old home of the Padres, Qualcomm Stadium.


PNC Park

PNC Park is a baseball park in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Pittsburgh Pirates. It opened in 2001, replacing the old home of the Pirates, Three Rivers Stadium.


Home Depot

The Home Depot (or Home Depot) is a American company in the United States. It sells things for people to improve their homes and build things. It has over 2,000 stores. The Home Depot's main office is near Atlanta, Georgia.

The Home Depot makes more money than any other home improvement store. It is the fourth largest chain store in general. The stores are very big, with high ceilings, like a warehouse. They are usually 105,000 square feet. (9,755 square meters). The biggest Home Depot is . It is in Vauxhall, New Jersey.

Bernard Marcus, Arthur Blank, Ron Brill and Pat Farrah founded The Home Depot in 1978. They wanted to have warehouses to sell home-improvement tools and materials. A banker named Ken Langone helped them get enough money.

The first two stores opened in 1979 in the city of Atlanta. The first headquarters was on Terrell Mill Road in Marietta, Georgia. In the 1990s, The Home Depot moved its headquarters to some skyscrapers near the town of Vinings, Georgia.

The two founders, Marcus and Blank retired in 2000. Robert Nardelli became the new CEO. Robert Nardelli quit as CEO on January 3, 2007. He quit because of controversy about how much he was paid when the company was not doing well. Frank Blake became the new CEO.


Naming rights

Naming rights is the term used when a company pays money to the owners of a stadium or other sports venue, to have that stadium named for the company. An example is the baseball park called Coors Field. This is done by a legal contract, usually for a limited number of years. "Naming rights" is also called Corporate sponsorship.

Japan Mint

The is an Incorporated Administrative Agency. It is a special type of semi-governmental entity in Japan.

The mint has its Head office in Osaka with branches in Tokyo and Hiroshima.

The Meiji government established the Japan Mint.

In the early Meiji era, paper currency was printed by Dondorf and Naumann in Germany.

A proposal to construct a banknote manufacturing plant in Japan was approved in December 1874. A two-story Western red brick building was completed in October 1876.

The Mint became an Incorporated Administrative Agency on April 1, 2003.



Give Me All Your Luvin'

"Give Me All Your Luvin" is a song by Madonna featuring rappers Nicki Minaj and M.I.A. The song was released in February 2012. It was released by Interscope. It was musically influenced by the 1982 Toni Basil song "Mickey" and the 2005 Gwen Stefani song "Hollaback Girl".

The song reached number one in Canada, the top ten in the US, and the top 40 in the UK. The artists performed the song at Super Bowl XLVI. M.I.A. flipped the middle finger, which was not caught in time by the censors.

In December 2010, Madonna posted a message on her Facebook, exclaiming: "Its official! I need to move. I need to sweat. I need to make new music! Music I can dance to. I'm on the lookout for the maddest, sickest, most badass people to collaborate with. I'm just saying".

"Give Me All Your Luvin" was written by Madonna, Martin Solveig, Nicki Minaj, M.I.A., and Michael Tordjman, while production was helmed by Madonna and Solveig.

On November 8, 2011, a demo version of the song, named "Give Me All Your Love", was leaked. According to Keith Caulfield from "Billboard", "Within a few hours, [the song and its leak] was among one of the top 10 trending topics worldwide on Twitter." Madonna's manager, Guy Oseary, addressed the leak on Twitter adding the singer's statement on the situation: "My true fans wouldn't do this". Oseary also clarified that their initial plan was for new music to come out in 2012 itself. He was happy with the positive reaction to the demo, but asked fans to help him police any more leaks. The leaked demo lacked vocals from both Minaj and M.I.A. which Madonna reflected upon, "It's really disappointing because you don't want things to come out till you're done with them, till you're ready. It's like everybody looking at your unfinished painting. It's like, 'Wait a minute. I didn't finish that. That's not fair."


Credits and personnel adapted from "MDNA" album liner notes.


Comiskey Park

Comiskey Park was a baseball park in Armour Square, Chicago, Illinois. For more than 80 years, it was the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Chicago White Sox. It was opened in the middle of the 1910 baseball season, and closed after the end of the 1990 season. It was replaced by the park now known as Guaranteed Rate Field, which was built across the street to the south of Comiskey Park. The old ballpark was made of steel, concrete and bricks. It was fully destroyed in summer 1991.


Busta Rhymes

Trevor Smith, Jr., better known as Busta Rhymes, (born May 20, 1972) is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer and actor. He was born and raised in New York City to Jamaican parents.

He has performed with many pop groups, such as the Pussycat Dolls. He has carried many hit singles in his name. He is a very successful rapper who has made a lot of rap and hip hop hits. He also has a special rapping style.

So far he has been nominated for eleven Grammy Awards.

In 1989 Rhymes started a rap group called Leaders of the New School with Charlie Brown, Dinco D, and Cut Monitor Milo. The group's first album was released in 1991 by Elektra Records. In 1993 the band broke up.

In 1995 Rhymes started making his first solo album, "The Coming". It was released March 26 1996.

"When Disaster Strikes...", Rhymes' second album, was released September 16, 1997.

December 15, 1998 "E.L.E. (Extinction Level Event): The Final World Front" was released. It was nominated for Best Rap Album, Best Rap Solo Performance and Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the Grammy Awards.

"Anarchy" was released 2000. It was his last album on Elektra Records. On October 2 2001 "Total Devastation: The Best of Busta Rhymes" was released. In the same month Rhymes released a new album, "Genesis". Four singles were released from it.

"It Ain't Safe No More..." was released November 26 2002. The album's second single was "I Know What You Want". The song had Mariah Carey singing in it. It reached number 3 in the UK Singles Chart.

In 2006 "The Big Bang" was released. It was Rhymes' only release on Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment record label. Five singles were released from it.

Rhymes' eighth album, "Back on My B.S." was released 2009.

"Year of the Dragon" was released 2012 for free on Google Play.

Rhymes' next album "Extinction Level Event 2" was released in 2014.

Rhymes is a Muslim. He has four children: three sons named T'Ziah (born 1993), T'Khi (born 1999), and Trillian (born 2001), and a daughter named Mariah (born 1998).



Toyotsu, Fukuoka

On March 20, 2006 Toyotsu was merged with the towns of Katsuyama and Saigawa, all from Miyako District, to form the new town of Miyako.

The ancient capital city of Buzen Province was near Toyotsu.


Bloomington, Minnesota

Bloomington, Minnesota is a suburb of Minneapolis, Minnesota and Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is south from Minneapolis and southwest from St. Paul. It is the fourth largest city in Minnesota. Bloomington is known for being the site of the Mall of America.

Graphology

Graphology is the study of a person's handwriting, and what it reveals about them. It has been controversial since its beginning, and many think it is a pseudoscience.

Graphology in linguistics has a different meaning. There it means the writing system of a language, a parallel term to phonology.

Trent Dilfer

Trent Dilfer (b. March 13, 1972) is the current head coach of the UAB (Alabama-Birmingham) football team and formerly an ESPN analyst and former American football quarterback. He played in the NFL for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1993-1999), Baltimore Ravens, (2000), Seattle Seahawks (2001-2004), Cleveland Browns (2005), and San Francisco 49ers (2006-2007). The only time Dilfer did not play in a season in his career was 2006 with San Francisco. During his career, Dilfer has been criticized for bad throwing. He did, however, win Super Bowl XXXV with the Ravens. He is famous for the conservative offense he was in with the Ravens in 2000, where he replaced Tony Banks.

Rod Woodson

Rodrick "Rod" Kevin Woodson is a former American Football defensive back. He played college football for the Purdue Boilermakers. Woodson was drafted into the National Football League by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1987. He has also played for the San Francisco 49ers (1997), Baltimore Ravens (1998-2001), and the Oakland Raiders (2002-2003). Woodson won Super Bowl XXXV with Baltimore. Woodson has also been a regular appearance on the NFL Network. In 2011, the Oakland Raiders signed him as their cornerbacks coach. That was Woodson's only season as a coach. Then he went back to being a sports analyst for college and NFL football on radio. In 2009, Woodson was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio. Woodson's 11 interceptions returned for touchdowns are an NFL record. 


Tokyo National Research Institute for Cultural Properties

, also known as Tobunken, is a semi-governmental entity which focuses on the preservation of Japan's cultural heritage of objects, artworks and writings.

"Tobunken" is an Independent Administrative Institution (IAI).
"Tobunken" was founded in 1930 as the Art Research Institute.

In 1952 "Tobunken" was reorganized into the Tokyo National Research Institute for Cultural Properties.

A department of restoration was added in 1973 and an archive set up in 1977.

A program for international cooperation was set up in 1993.

In 2001, the Tokyo Institute and the Nara National Research Institute for Cultural Properties merged.

In 2007, the Research Institutes were merged with the Tokyo National Museum, the Kyoto National Museum, the Nara National Museum and the Kyushu National Museum.



Poaching

Poaching is the illegal hunting, killing or capturing of animals. People poach because animal products, such as hide, ivory, horn, teeth and bone, are sold to dealers who make clothes, jewelry and other materials from them. The poaching causes various effects, its most direct impact is extinction, either globally or within a given locality. 

Poachers catch Indian tigers with steel traps. This is against the law. After trapping a tiger, they kill it and sell the body parts for money. Like the rhino, the tiger is a very endangered species. If the killing does not end, they both face extinction (all of that type of animal dies). Extinction means that someday there may be no Indian tigers or rhinos left on earth.

Jean-Baptiste de La Salle

San Juan Bautista de La Salle (born 30 April 1651 in Reims, France – died 7 April 1719) was a priest and an educational reformer. He was the creator of the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools. He was beatified on 19 February 1888 and canonized on 29 May 1900 by Pope Leo XIII. He had to take the administration of family business after his parents died, so he completed his theological studies and was ordered to the priesthood at the age of 26 on 9 April 1678. Two years later he received a doctorate in theology.

De La Salle was a pioneer in programs for training lay teachers. In 1685, he founded what is generally considered the first normal school — that is, a school with the purpose of train teachers — in Rheims, France. He was a pedagogical thinker of note and is among the founders of distinctively modern pedagogy.

Jose Carlos Araujo Nunes

Jose Carlos Araujo Nunes (born 1977 in Castelo de Paiva) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca. Before he played in very important teams like: Maia (1997-2001), Salgueiros (2001-2002), Gil Vicente (2002-2004), Sporting de Braga (2004-2006). In his history he won a lot of awards the best award is the Champions League in his career.
Nunes made his debut for the new club on the 29th septiembre, starting in a 0–3 home loss to FC Barcelona.
In mid-August 2011, Nunes suffered a serious knee injury during a friendly with S.S.C. Napoli.
Nunes has traveled with the Portuguese in the last world cup but only plays two games in all the World Cup
He palays with the best players in the world.
Played versus the best players in the worldfor example:
Eto'o,Cristiano Ronaldo, Leo Messi and many more
This season will be the last of Nunes
Nunes is married to a European model and has a nine year old daughter
First captain of RCD Mallorca
When he was nine years Portuguese call it a team to play tournament after tournament and call him a German team.
Nunes continued to figure prominently in 2009–10, as Mallorca won its first 10 home league games of the campaign.

California Gurls

"California Gurls" is a hit single performed by Katy Perry featuring Snoop Dogg. The song was released in 2010 and was very popular. This was the lead single of "Teenage Dream", her hit record. It was No.1 in several countries.

It also went diamond in 99 countries and named as the best-selling song of all tine

Brooks &amp; Dunn

Brooks & Dunn is an American country music duo. In 1991 the duo had its first number one song on music charts Hot Country Songs and country chart in Canada.

The duo has been active again since 2015.

They were active from 1990 to 2010. The duo consisted of Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn who were originally paired by their record producer Tim DuBois. The duo won the Country Music Association Vocal Duo of the Year award every year between 1992 and 2006, although they didn't for 2000. Their two songs "Hard Workin' Man" and "My Maria" won the Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 1993 and 1996. They announced that they would be breaking up on August 10, 2010.




Christian Lorenz

Christian "Flake" Lorenz (born 16 November 1966) is a German musician. He has been a member of the band Rammstein since the band was formed. He plays synthesizer or keyboard when performing. Lorenz has been known to smash them at the end of a performance.

Exothermic reactions

An exothermic reaction is a reaction where the substances react chemically to release energy in the form of heat. 

An example of this is combustion (burning). Exothermic reactions transfer energy to the surroundings. The energy is usually transferred as heat energy, causing the reaction mixture and its surroundings to become hotter. The temperature increase can be detected using a thermometer. Some examples of exothermic reactions are: 

The chemical reaction that does the complete opposite, and absorbs heat, is an endothermic reaction.

Hermann Müller

Heinrich Ludwig Hermann Müller (1829–1883) was a German botanist who provided important evidence for Darwin's theory of evolution.

Müller was an early investigator of coevolution. He was the author in 1873 of "Die Befruchtung der Blumen durch Insekten", a book translated at the suggestion of Darwin in 1883 as "The fertilisation of flowers". He and Darwin corresponded—36 letters between the two, or from Darwin concerning Müller, are recorded. Darwin cited him extensively in "The Descent of Man" for his information about the behavior of bees.

Hermann was the brother of Fritz Müller, the German doctor who lived in the Amazon and researched its natural history. The work of both brothers was well known to Darwin.

This author is usually abbreviated H.Müll. when citing a botanical name.


Deoli

Deoli is a city in Rajasthan . Most of the city lies in the tonk and shahpura districts . bundi and kekri districts are not far away . the city's population is around 29,000 . Deoli is also the headquarters of the Deoli tehsil in tonk district . it's nickname is chaavni.the city also houses the 2nd largest training centre in asia , the CISF training centre .

Fusa Province

The boundaries of this ancient entity are within Chiba Prefecture and Ibaraki Prefecture. 

The history of the province started and ended before the Taihō Code was established at the beginning of the 8th century.



Maxi Iglesias

Maxi Iglesias (born 6 February 1991) is a Spanish actor.

Iglesias was born in Madrid. His mother's name is Mercedes, she works in business management, and his father, Francisco, died when Iglesias was six years old. Iglesias is an only child. He attended school at Colegio Cardenal Spínola in Madrid. Iglesias' first movie was "La Pistola de Mi Hermano" (1997).

Maxi became famous in 2008 with the series "Física o química". Iglesias has appeared in the following series: "Física o química", "Hospital central", "Amar en tiempos revueltos", "Cuentame como paso", "Los protegidos" and "Toledo". Iglesias appeared in the following movies: "La pistola de mi hermano" (1997), "8 citas" (2008), "Mentiras y gordas" (2009), "After" (2009), "El diario de Carlota" (2010), "XP3D" (2011) and "El secreto de los 24 escalones" (2012). He is appearing in the new TV series "Toledo", in the series he plays "Martín".
Also is currently dancing as one of the stars in the Univision Spanish show "Mira Quien Baila"

His hobbies are playing soccer, skiing and playing PlayStation. Iglesias currently lives in Madrid. His favorite music is electro-house, he's a DJ, his DJ name is "Dj Max". Maxi is good friends with Luis "Lucho" Fernández, both have worked together in "Los protegidos" and in "XP3D". He is also good friends with Úrsula Corberó, both have been friends for a long time, they have worked together in "XP3D". Maxi's dream is to work with Javier Bardem one day, and achieve an acting career in Hollywood.

Hi Province

The boundaries of this ancient entity are within Nagasaki (without Tsushima and Iki), Saga and Kumamoto prefectures. 

The history of the province started and ended before the Taihō Code was established at the beginning of the 8th century.



Kibi Province

Kibi was divided into Bizen, Bitchū, and Bingo provinces in the late 7th century.



Paul Rugg

Paul Rugg is an American screenwriter, producer, and voice actor. He is the voice of Master Yao in "".

VOR

VOR or vor may refer to:




Sun Is Up

"Sun Is Up" is a song by Inna. Inna is a singer of dance music from Romania. The song is also a single and the first single from Inna's second album. The album is called "I Am the Club Rocker". "Sun Is Up" was launched in Romania in August 2010. In 2011, it was out in UK, France, Germany, etc. It was a #1 in Switzerland and Bulgaria and a top ten in France and Romania. The video for the song is in Spain at a hotel and in it, Inna is in love with her photographer.

Chishima Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in part of what is today called Nemuro Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Chishima Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Chishima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Chishima and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Sony Pictures Animation

Sony Pictures Animation Inc. is an American animation studio owned by Sony Entertainment's Sony Pictures Entertainment through their Motion Picture Group division and founded on May 9, 2002. The studio's films are distributed worldwide by Sony Pictures Releasing under their Columbia Pictures label, while all direct-to-video releases are released by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

Their first movie "Open Season" was released on September 29, 2006, it's latest release was on June 2, 2023 and upcoming film Untitled Christmas Snow film December 25, 2025, "Fixed" and "Spider-Man: Beyond the Spider-Verse" TBA. The studio's most successful movie to date is "The Smurfs". However, its most critically acclaimed movie is "Arthur Christmas", which was co-produced with Aardman Animations.

In 2001, Sony Pictures considered selling off its visual effects facility Sony Pictures Imageworks but after failing to find a suitable buyer, having been impressed with the CGI sequences of Stuart Little 2 and seeing the box office successes of DreamWorks Animation's Shrek and Disney/Pixar's Monsters, Inc., SPI was reconfigured to become an animation studio. Astro Boy, which had been in development at Sony since 1997 as a live-action film, was set to be SPI's first all-CGI film, but never made it to fruition.[3] On May 9, 2002, Sony Pictures Animation was established to develop characters, stories and movies with SPI taking over the digital production while maintaining its visual effects production.[4] Meanwhile, SPI produced two short films, the Academy Award-winning The ChubbChubbs! and Early Bloomer, as a result of testing its strengths and weaknesses in producing all-CGI animation.[5]

On its first anniversary on May 9, 2003, Sony Pictures Animation announced a full slate of animated projects in development: Open Season, an adaptation of a Celtic folk ballad Tam Lin, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, Surf's Up, and a feature-length film version of The ChubbChubbs!.[6]

On May 2014, it was announced that Netflix had acquired streaming rights to films produced by Sony Pictures Animation.[7]

In June 2019, Sony Pictures Animation announced that they had launched an "International" division headed by Aron Warner at the 2019 Annecy International Animated Film Festival, with Wish Dragon set to be the division's first film. The same day, they also announced an "Alternative" division aimed at producing adult animated content, headed by Katie Baron and Kevin Noel. In addition to Tartakovsky's films Black Knight and Fixed, the division's TV shows are set to include The Boondocks, a reboot of the original TV series that originally aired on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim programming block from 2005 to 2014; Superbago, a co-production with Stoopid Buddy Stoodios that was originally greenlit as a feature film; and Hungry Ghosts, a series based on the Dark Horse graphic novel by Anthony Bourdain and Joel Rose.[10] They had previously announced their plans to produce adult content at the 2017 Annecy festival.[11]

According to Kristine Belson, president of SPA, the studio produces films on a 1:1 development-to-production ratio, meaning that the studio puts films into development as much as it places films in production, unlike other animation studios.[11]

Kim Wilde

Kim Wilde (born Kim Smith on 18 November 1960) is a British singer. She was born in Chiswick, Middlesex. She is the eldest child of rock musician Marty Wilde. She had her first hit single, "Kids in America" in 1981. She also released "Kim Wilde", her first album, in 1981. In 1983 Wilde won Best British Female Solo Artist (UK) at the BRIT Awards. Wilde released her most recent album "Wilde Winter Songbook" on 11 November 2013. It is a Christmas album.


Hidaka Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Hidaka Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Hidaka Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Hidaka Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Hidaka and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Burke and Hare murders

The Burke and Hare murders (or West Port murders) were serial murders in Edinburgh, Scotland, from November 1827 to 31 October 1828.

The murders were done by Irish immigrants William Burke and William Hare. They sold the corpses of their 17 victims to Dr Robert Knox. Knox was a Fellow of the Royal Society, and the Conservator of the Museum of Comparative Anatomy in Edinburgh. He was a teacher of human anatomy to Edinburgh medical students, so needed bodies for his students to dissect.

The murderer's accomplices included Burke's mistress, Helen McDougal, and Hare's wife, Margaret Laird. From their method of killing their victims has come the word "burking", meaning to purposefully smother and, more generally, to quietly suppress.

From 1826 to 1840 Knox ran Barclay's anatomy school in Surgeon's Square, Edinburgh. He was the most popular lecturer on anatomy in Scotland, but his class were always short of bodies to dissect.

Before the Anatomy Act of 1832 widened the supply, the only legal supply of corpses for anatomical purposes in the UK were those condemned to death and dissection by the courts. This led to a shortage of legitimate subjects for dissection. The shortage became more serious as the need to train medical students grew, and the number of executions fell.

In his school Knox ran up against the problem from the start, since – after 1815 – the Royal Colleges had increased the study of anatomy in the medical curriculum. If he taught according to what was known as ‘French method’ the ratio would have had to approach one corpse per pupil. As a consequence, body-snatching became so common that it was not unusual for relatives and friends of someone who had just died to watch over the body before and after burial, to stop it being taken.

In November 1827 William Hare began a new career when an indebted lodger died on him by chance. He was paid £7.10/- (seven pounds & ten shillings) for delivering the body to Knox. Now Burke and his accomplice Hare set about murdering tramps and drunks on a regular basis. After 16 more transactions, in what became known as the West Port Murders, on 2 November 1828 Burke and Hare were caught. The whole city were convulsed with horror, fed by ballads, broadsides and newspapers, at the terrible deeds of Burke & Hare. Hare turned King's evidence, and Burke was hanged, dissected and displayed.

Knox was not prosecuted, which outraged many in Edinburgh. His house was attacked by a mob, and windows were broken. A committee of the Royal Society of Edinburgh cleared him of blame, but there was no forgetting his part in the case, and many were wary of him.

The last victim was Marjory Campbell Docherty. Burke lured her into the lodging house by claiming that his mother was also a Docherty. He had to wait to kill her because the lodgers James and Ann Gray were present. The Grays left for the night and neighbours heard the sounds of a struggle.

The next day Ann Gray, who had returned, became suspicious when Burke would not let her approach a bed where she had left her stockings. When the Grays were left alone in the house, they checked the bed and found Docherty's body under it. On their way to alert the police, they ran into McDougal who tried to bribe them with an offer of £10 a week. They refused.

Burke and Hare had removed the body from the house before the police arrived. However, under questioning, Burke claimed that Docherty had left at 7:00 a.m., while McDougal claimed that she had left in the evening. The police arrested them. An anonymous tip-off led them to Knox's classroom where they found Docherty's body, which James Gray identified. William and Margaret Hare were arrested soon there after. The murder spree had lasted twelve months.

Kronberger 61

Kronberger 61, also known as the "soccer ball", is a Nebula discovered by an amateur astronomer in January 2011. Newer images of this nebula were taken by the Gemini Observatory. The nebula was discovered by Austrian Mattias Kronberger, a member of the amateur group "Deep Sky Hunters". They found it while searching near the northern constellation of Cygnus.

Australian Aboriginal mythology

Australian Aboriginal myths, also known as Dreamtime stories and Songlines, are the stories traditionally performed and told by the indigenous people of Australia. Each of the language groups across Australia has its own stories.

All the myths explain important features and meanings within each Aboriginal group's local landscape. They give cultural meaning to the Australian physical landscape. People who know these stories have access to the wisdom and knowledge of Australian Aboriginal ancestors back beyond the reach of memory.

David Horton wrote in the "Encyclopaedia of Aboriginal Australia" that:

"A mythic map of Australia would show thousands of characters, varying in their importance, but all in some way connected with the land. Some emerged at their specific sites and stayed spiritually in that vicinity. Others came from somewhere else and went somewhere else."
"Many were shape changing, transformed from or into human beings or natural species, or into natural features such as rocks but all left something of their spiritual essence at the places noted in their stories."

Australian Aboriginal myths have been described as parts of a catechism, a liturgical manual, a history of civilization, a geography textbook, and to a much smaller extent a manual of the world and the universe.

An Australian linguist, R. M. W. Dixon, collected many Aboriginal myths in their original languages. He discovered some landscape details in myths were the same as scientific discoveries being made about the same landscapes. For example, on the Atherton Tableland, myths tell of the origins of Lake Eacham, Lake Barrine, and Lake Euramo. Geologists have dated the volcanic explosions which formed the lakes, and were described by Aboriginal myth tellers, as having happened more than 10,000 years ago. Pollen fossil sampling from the bottom of the craters agrees with the Aboriginal myth-tellers' story. When the craters were formed, the area was eucalyptus forest, not the current wet tropical rain forests.

Dixon said that Aboriginal myths about the origin of the Crater Lakes might be accurate back to 10 000 years ago. Further investigation by the Australian Heritage Commission led to the Crater Lakes myth being listed on the Register of the National Estate, and included within Australia's World Heritage nomination of the wet tropical forests. It is an "unparalleled human record of events dating back to the Pleistocene era."

Since then, Dixon has found many similar examples of Australian Aboriginal myths that accurately describe landscapes of an ancient past. He particularly noted many myths telling of previous sea levels, including:


There are at least 400 Aboriginal groups across Australia. Each group has its own name, its own language and often their own dialects. Each group had its own myths, and the words and names of individual myths come these language groups.

With so many different Aboriginal groups, languages, beliefs and practices, it is not possible to describe under a single heading, the full range and diversity of all myths across the entire continent.

"The Encyclopaedia of Aboriginal Australia" does however note that "One intriguing feature [of Aboriginal Australian mythology] is the mixture of diversity and similarity in myths across the entire continent."

The similarity in Aboriginal myths and mythology includes:

"..they generally describe the journeys of ancestral beings, often giant animals or people, over what began as a featureless domain. Mountains, rivers, waterholes, animal and plant species, and other natural and cultural resources came into being as a result of events which took place during these Dreamtime journeys. Their existence in present-day landscapes is seen by many indigenous peoples as confirmation of their creation beliefs.."

"..The routes taken by the Creator Beings in their Dreamtime journeys across land and sea.. link many sacred sites together in a web of Dreamtime tracks criss-crossing the country. Dreaming tracks can run for hundreds, even thousands of kilometres, from desert to the coast [and] may be shared by peoples in countries through which the tracks pass.."

Australian anthropologists describe Aboriginal myths still being performed across Australia by Aboriginal peoples as having an important social function. The myths explain the order of their daily lives; helping shape peoples' ideas; and assisting to influence others' behaviour. Also the performance often adds and "mythologises" historical events in the service of these social purposes in a rapidly changing modern world. As R.M. W. Dixon writes:

"It is always integral and common.. that the Law (Aboriginal law) is something derived from ancestral peoples or Dreamings and is passed down the generations in a continuous line. While...entitlements of particular human beings may come and go, the underlying relationships between foundational Dreamings and certain landscapes are theoretically eternal...the entitlements of people to places are usually regarded strongest when those people enjoy a relationship of identity with one or more Dreamings of that place.

This is a central strong feature of Aboriginal identity. It is more than just a matter of believing. The Dreaming existed, and continues to exist, while humans are only temporary.

Aboriginal myths across Australia are a kind of unwritten (oral) library. From this library, Aboriginal people learn about the world and see an Aboriginal 'reality' with concepts and values vastly different from those of western societies:
"Aboriginal people learned from their stories that a society must not be human-centred but rather land centred, otherwise they forget their source and purpose...they are interconnected with the rest of creation, that they as individuals are only temporal in time, and past and future generations must be included in their perception of their purpose in life."

"People come and go but the Land, and stories about the Land, stay. This is a wisdom that takes lifetimes of listening, observing and experiencing...There is a deep understanding of human nature and the environment...sites hold 'feelings' which cannot be described in physical terms...subtle feelings that resonate through the bodies of these people.. It is only when talking and being with these people that these 'feelings' can truly be appreciated. This is.. the reality of these people.."

In 1926 a British anthropologist, Professor Alfred Radcliffe-Brown, noted many Aboriginal groups across Australia shared versions of a single myth. The myth told of a powerful, creative, dangerous snake or serpent, usually of enormous size. This serpent was linked with rainbows, rain, rivers, and deep waterholes.

Radcliffe-Brown used the words "Rainbow Serpent" to describe this common, recurring myth. He listed the different names used across Australia for this "Rainbow Serpent":


This 'Rainbow Serpent', a snake of enormous size, lives in the deepest waterholes. It came from a larger being which can be seen as a dark streak in the Milky Way. It shows itself to people in this world as a rainbow as it moves through water and rain, shaping landscapes, naming and singing of places, swallowing and sometimes drowning people; strengthening the knowledgeable with rainmaking and healing powers; blighting others with sores, weakness, illness, and death.

Even Australia's 'Bunyip' was identified as a 'Rainbow Serpent' myth of the above kind. The words used by Radcliffe-Brown are now commonly used by government agencies, museums, art galleries, Aboriginal organisations and the media to refer to Australian Aboriginal myth specifically, and as a shorthand term for Australian Aboriginal mythology generally.

Another myth found across Australia is about a person who arrives from the sea. This person, usually from England, either offers gifts or brings great harm. The person is most often called 'Captain Cook', and portrayed as a villain.

The Aboriginal myths about 'Captain Cook' are not oral history. They are not part of James Cook's exploration of the east coast of Australia in 1770. Aboriginal people did meet with Cook, especially during his seven-week stay on the Endeavour River. The Guugu Yimidhirr people may remember these meetings.

The Australia wide Captain Cook myth, however, tells of a symbolic British character who arrives from across the oceans sometime after the Aboriginal world was formed and the original social order founded. This Captain Cook signals dramatic changes in the social order, into which present-day Aborigines have been born.

In 1988 Australian anthropologist Kenneth Maddock examined several versions of this 'Captain Cook' myth as recorded from a number of Aboriginal groups around Australia: 
"set up the people [cattle industry] to go down the countryside and shoot people down, just like animal, they left them lying there for the hawks and crows...So a lot of old people and young people were struck by the head with the end of a gun and left there. They wanted to get the people wiped out because Europeans in Queensland had to run their stock: horses and cattle."

The Murrinh-Patha people live in the saltwater country inland from the town of Wadeye. They describe a Dreamtime in their myths which anthropologists believe is a religious belief but different from most of the world's other religious beliefs.

The Murrinh-patha have a oneness of thought, belief, and expression without equal in Christianity. They see all parts of their lives, thoughts and culture as being influenced by their Dreaming. They do not see a difference between spiritual or material things. There is no difference between things that are sacred and things that are not. All life is 'sacred', all conduct has 'moral' results. All life's meaning comes out of this eternal, everpresent Dreaming.
"The sacred is everywhere within the physical landscape. Myths and mythic tracks cross over.. thousands of miles, and every particular form and feature of the terrain has a well-developed 'story' behind it."

This Murrinh-patha mythology is based on a view of life that believes life is "...a joyous thing with maggots at its centre.". Life is good and caring, but during life's journey, there are many painful sufferings that each person must come to understand and live through as he grows. This is the message being told within the Murrinh-patha myths. It is this philosophy that gives Murrinh-patha people reason and meaning in life.

The following Murrinh-patha myth, for example, is performed in Murrinh-patha ceremonies to initiate young men into adulthood. 
"A woman, "Mutjinga" (the 'Old Woman'), was in charge of young children, but instead of watching out for them during their parents' absence, she swallowed them and tried to escape as a giant snake. The people followed her, spearing her and removing the undigested children from the body."

Within the myth and in its performance, young children must first be swallowed by an ancestral being who changes into a giant snake. The children are then vomited up before being accepted as young adults with all the rights and benefits of young adults.

The Pintupi peoples from Australia's Gibson Desert region have a mostly 'mythic' form of understanding their identity, All events happen and are explained by the social structures and rules told of, sung about, and performed within their superhuman mythology. That is, the structures of society come from the myths, not from their own political actions, decisions or influences of local individuals. 
"The Dreaming.. provides a moral authority lying outside the individual will and outside human creation.. although the Dreaming as an ordering of the cosmos is presumably a product of historical events, such an origin is denied."

"Current action is not understood as the result of human alliances, creations, and choices, but is seen as imposed by an embracing, cosmic order."

Within this Pintupi view of the world, three long geographical tracks of named places control and guide society. They are interrelated strings of important places named and created by mythic characters on their way through the Pintupi desert region during the Dreaming. It is a complex mythology of stories, songs and ceremonies known to the Pintupi as "Tingarri". It is most completely told and performed by Pintupi peoples at larger gatherings within Pintupi country.




Steve Bisciotti

Steve Bisciotti (born April 10, 1960 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA) is a Baltimore businessman. In 2004, he became the majority owner of the Baltimore Ravens. He bought the team in 2004 from previous owner Art Modell. He owns a business that works with technology and computers.

34th G8 summit

The 34th G8 summit was a meeting in 2008 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.

This meeting of the Group of Eight (G8) was the 34th meeting in a series which began in 1976. The G8 and the summit are part of a "consultative process and not an international organization".

The meeting took place in Japan at on the northern island of Hokkaidō. The international group of leaders met from July 7–9, 2008.
The participants were the "core members" of the group:

A small others were invited to join some of the discussions.

The G8 plus the five other nations were known as G8+5.


Leaders of some organizations were invited to be part of some of the discussions.




Carol Banawa

Carol Banawa (born March 4, 1981) is a Filipino singer. Her album "Carol" had a hit and was certified gold. Her three other albums, "Carol: Repackaged", "Transition", and "Follow Your Heart" was certified platinum. Her album, "My Music, My Life" was released in 2010, under Black Bird Records. She was also a part of Star Magic Batch 4 alumni.

In 2011, she won in ASAP Pop Viewers Choice 2011 for "POP MOVIE THEMESONG" after singing the official theme song of the Filipino movie "Till My Heartaches End".

She is currently signed to ASAP Records.

26th G8 summit

The 26th G8 Summit was a meeting in 2000 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States. 

This meeting of the Group of Eight (G8) was the 26th meeting in a series which began in 1976. The G8 and the summit are part of a "consultative process and not an international organization". 

The meeting took place in Japan at Naha on the sothern island of Okinawa. The international group of leaders were together from July 21-23, 2000.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

Global health first appeared as an international agenda issue at this meeting.



Throw Momma from the Train

Throw Momma from the Train is a 1987 American black comedy movie. It was inspired by "Strangers on a Train", which also plays a role in the movie. The movie's title comes from "Mama From the Train," written by Irving Gordon and sung by Patti Page.

It stars Danny DeVito (who also directed), Billy Crystal Anne Ramsey, Kim Greist, Rob Reiner, Branford Marsalis, and Kate Mulgrew, with a cameo appearance from Oprah Winfrey. The movie received mixed to positive reviews, but it was a commercial success. Anne Ramsey was singled out for praise for her portrayal of Mrs. Lift; she got an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.


Anne Ramsey

Anne Ramsey (March 27, 1929 – August 11, 1988) was an American stage, television, and movie actress. She is probably most famous for her roles as Mama Fratelli in "The Goonies" and Momma in "Throw Momma from the Train".

Her somewhat slurred speech was caused in part from having had some of her tongue and her jaw removed during surgery for esophageal cancer in 1984. In 1988, her cancer came back, and she died in August at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California.


Golden Sun (series)

Golden Sun () is a fantasy handheld role-playing video game series. It was developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo. The three games in the series are "Golden Sun", "" and "". They were released in North American in 2001, 2003 and 2010.

The series' is based on Alchemy. In the first game, young Adept (means who can control Alchemy) Isaac and his friends travel to stop Alchemy from returning to the world. But in the second book, players' task is let the Alchemy return the world. 30 years later, the first two games character's children start a new adventure.

"Golden Sun" and "Golden Sun: the Lost Age" are both in IGN's Readers Choice Top 100 games.

19th G7 summit

The 19th G7 summit was a meeting in 1993 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The international group of leaders were together in Japan from July 7-9, 1993. The meetings were held at the State Guesthouse (Akasaka Palace) in Tokyo.

The Tokyo summit of the Group of Seven (G7) was the 19th meeting in a series which began in 1976.

Two previous G7 summit was hosted by Japan at Tokyo (1979 and 1986).

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

This was the first international summit for Prime Minister Campbell and for President Clinton.

The G7 leaders agreed to work on common strategies for global economic growth; and they discussed

The group of leaders called for an "international agreement" to "protect forests." There is little evidence of follow-up.



12th G7 summit

The 12th G7 Summit was a meeting in 1986 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The international group of leaders were together in Japan from May 4-6, 1986. The meetings were held at the State Guesthouse (Akasaka Palace) in Tokyo.

The Tokyo summit of the Group of Seven (G7) was the 12th meeting in a series which began in 1976.

A Previous G7 summit was hosted by Japan at Tokyo in 1979)

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

The G7 leaders agreed to work together to improve policy coordination. There was a decision to establish a meeting of finance ministers.



5th G7 summit

The 5th G7 summit was a meeting in 1979 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The international group of leaders were together in Japan June 28-29. The meetings were held at the State Guesthouse (Akasaka Palace) in Tokyo.

The Tokyo summit of the Group of Seven (G7) was the 5th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

This was the first G7 summit in Japan

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

The G7 leaders agreed to cooperate in the area of energy for developing countries.



The Marvelettes

The Marvelettes was an American singing group that were active from 1960 to 1972. Members of the group were Gladys Horton, Katherine Anderson, Wanda Rogers, Anne Bogan, Georgeanna Tillman, Wyanetta Cowart and Georgia Dobbins. They are probably best known for their #1 hit, "Please Mr. Postman". They were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2004 and were inducted into the Michigan Rock and Roll Legends Hall of Fame in 2007.

The group has received several honors, including the Vocal Group Hall of Fame and the Pioneer Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation. In 2005, two of the group's most successful recordings, "Please Mr. Postman" and "Don't Mess with Bill" earned million-selling Gold singles from the RIAA. In 2012, the Marvelettes were nominated for 2013 induction to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.

Other notable recordings were "Playboy", "Beechwood 4-5789", "Danger! Heartbreak Dead Ahead", "The Hunter Gets Captured by the Game", "When You're Young and in Love".

The Marvelettes released 12 albums:

John Ramsay, 1st Lord Bothwell

John Ramsay, 1st Lord Bothwell (born about 1464, died 1513) was a Scottish lord. In Parliament on 24 February 1484, James III of Scotland gave him the barony (title) of Bothwell. He forfeited the title on 8 October 1488 and became Sir John Ramsay of Trarinzeane.

Dieppe Raid

The Dieppe Raid is also known as the Battle of Dieppe, Operation "Rutter" and, later, Operation Jubilee. It was a Second World War Allied attack on the German-occupied port of Dieppe. The attack took place on the northern coast of France on 19 August 1942.

The attack began at 5:00 a.m. and by 10:50 a.m. the Allied commanders had to call a retreat. Over 6,000 infantrymen, mostly Canadian, were supported by a Canadian Armoured regiment. They were also helped by a strong force of Royal Navy and smaller Royal Air Force group.

The goal was to capture a major port for a short period and to gather information. Upon retreat, the Allies also wanted to destroy coastal defences, port structures and important buildings. The raid was also intended to improve morale and demonstrate the commitment of the United Kingdom to attack a Western front in Europe.

None of these goals were achieved. There was not enough Allied artillery support. The troops were trapped on the beach by obstacles and German gunfire. After less than 10 hours since the first landings, the last Allied troops had all been either killed, evacuated, or captured by the Germans.

Instead of showing the British commitment, the terrible number of Allied deaths showed that the Allies were not ready to invade France for a long time. The attack did help the Allies to gather some information.

A total of 3,623 of the 6,086 men (almost 60%) who went ashore were either killed, wounded, or captured. The Royal Air Force did not get the "Luftwaffe" to start a battle. The RAF lost 96 aircraft (at least 32 to being shot down or accidents), compared to 48 lost by the "Luftwaffe".

The Royal Navy lost 33 landing craft and one destroyer. The events at Dieppe affected the plans for the North African (Operation "Torch") and Normandy landings (Operation "Overlord").

The British decided the Dieppe attack could be planned within a month. They were very careful to keep the attack secret. No records were kept of the plans.

After the evacuation of the British Expeditionary Forces from Dunkirk in May 1940, the British started to plan an attack force. It would use new ways of doing sea landings on beaches (amphibious warfare).

The British started planning was to see if they could capture a port. This would allow them to test out how to use ships in the attack. It would also allow them to test new equipment.

Dieppe, a coastal town in France, is built along a long cliff by the English Channel. In 1942, the Germans set up two large artillery batteries at Berneval-le-Grand and Varengeville. One important consideration for the British planners was that Dieppe was within range of the Royal Air Force's fighter aircraft.

There was also pressure from the Soviet government to attack the Germans in Western Europe. By early 1942, The Wehrmacht's Operation "Barbarossa" attacks did not destroy the Soviet Union.

However, the Germans moved into southern Soviet territory, pushing toward Stalingrad. Joseph Stalin demanded that the Allies attack in France to force the Germans to move 40 divisions away from the Eastern Front. This would make the fighting less hard for the Red Army.

The Dieppe raid was a major attack planned by Vice-Admiral Lord Mountbatten.

The attacking force would consist of 5,000 Canadians, 1,000 British troops, and 50 United States Rangers.

It was originally planned in April 1942 and code named Operation "Rutter". The Allies planned to do a major attack on a German-held port on the French coast and to hold it for two tides. They would destroy enemy buildings and defences before withdrawing.

This plan was approved in May 1942. It included British parachute units attacking German artillery batteries. The Canadians would land on the beaches and attack. The parachute operation was cancelled and instead No. 3 Commando and No. 4 Commando would land by sea and attack the artillery batteries.

The Canadian government wanted that Canadian troops to do some fighting. The 2nd Canadian Infantry Division, commanded by Major General John Hamilton Roberts, was selected for the main force. 
The plan called for an attack, without any heavy air bombing.

The lack of enough bombing was one of the main reasons for the attack's failure. Some people think that air and naval bombing was not done to limit casualties of French civilians in the port.

The Dieppe landings were planned on six beaches. Four were in front of the town, and two to the eastern and western sides. 

Armoured support was provided by the 14th Army Tank Regiment (The Calgary Regiment (Tank)). 58 of the new Churchill tanks would be sent ashore using the new landing craft tank (LCT). In addition, three of the Churchills had flame-throwers and all could operate in the shallow water near the beach.

The Royal Navy would supply 237 ships and landing craft. However, pre-landing naval gunfire support was limited, consisting of six Hunt-class destroyers with 4-inch guns. The Royal Air Force would supply 74 squadrons of aircraft, of which 66 were fighter squadrons.

There was not much information about the beaches. There were German gun positions on the cliffs, but these had not been spotted. The planners thought that Dieppe is not heavily defended and that the beaches in are suitable for landing infantry, and armored fighting vehicles.

The German forces at Dieppe were ready for the attack. They were warned by French double agents that the British were planning some action in the area. They had also detected increased radio talk and landing craft being gathered together in the southern British coastal ports.

Dieppe and the cliffs were well defended. The 1,500 troops were
placed along the beaches of Dieppe and the nearby towns, covering all the likely landing places.

The Germans had machine guns, mortars and artillery. The city and port was protected.

The "Luftwaffe" forces were "Jagdgeschwader 2" (JG2) and "Jagdgeschwader 26" (JG26), with 200 fighters, mostly the Fw 190. There were about 100 bombers from "Kampfgeschwader 2" (KG2), "Kampfgeschwader 45" (KG45), and "Kampfgeschwader 77" (KG77), mostly Dornier 217s.

The Allied fleet left the south coast of England on the night of 18 August 1942. The Canadians left from the Port of Newhaven. The fleet of eight destroyers and motor gun boats to protect the landing craft and motor launches were preceded by minesweepers that cleared paths through the English Channel for them.

The initial landings began at 04:50 on 19 August. There were attacks on the two artillery batteries on the sides of the main landing area.

On their way in, the landing craft and escorts heading towards Puys and Berneval ran into a small German group of ships and exchanged fire at 03:48.

The goal for Lieutenant Colonel John Durnford-Slater and No. 3 Commando was to do two landings east of Dieppe to destroy the coastal artillery battery near Berneval. The battery could fire upon the landing at Dieppe to the west.

The craft carrying No. 3 Commando approached the coast to the east. They were not warned of the approach of a German convoy that had been found by British "Chain Home" radar stations at 21:30.

German S-boats escorting a German tanker torpedoed some of the landing craft and damaged the escorting Steam Gun Boat 5.

Motor Launch 346 and Landing Craft Flak 1 fired on the German boats. The group got spread out, with some losses, and the enemy's coastal defences were alerted.

Only 18 commandos got near the German artillery battery. They fired guns at the Germans. Although unable to destroy the artillery, it caused problems for the German artillery troops.
The commandos had to pull back because there were many enemy troops.

The goal for Lieutenant Colonel Lord Lovat and No. 4 Commando (including 50 United States Army Rangers) was to do two landings west of Dieppe. They had to destroy the coastal artillery battery "Hess" at Blancmesnil-Sainte-Marguerite. Landing on the right side, they climbed the hill and attacked. They destroyed the artillery battery of six 150 mm guns. This was the only success of Operation "Jubilee". The commando then withdrew at 07:30 as planned.

Most of No. 4 returned to England. This part of the raid was seen as a good example of how the Royal Marine Commando should attack during landings. Lord Lovat was awarded the Distinguished Service Order, and Captain Patrick Porteous No. 4 Commando, was awarded the Victoria Cross.

The naval battle between the small German convoy and the craft carrying No. 3 Commando had made the German defenders at Blue beach aware of the attack. The landing near Puys by the Royal Regiment of Canada plus three platoons from the Black Watch of Canada and an artillery group was ordered to destroy machine gun and artillery batteries protecting the Dieppe beach.

They were delayed by 20 minutes and the smoke that should have hidden their attack had lifted. The Germans were ready in their defensive positions for the landings. The well-fortified German forces fired guns at the Canadian forces that did land on the beach.

As soon as they reached the shore, the Canadians found themselves unable to move forward. The Royal Regiment of Canada had many deaths. Of the 556 men in the regiment, 200 were killed and 264 captured.

On Green beach at the same time that No. 4 Commando had landed, the South Saskatchewan Regiment went towards Pourville. They landed at 04:52 without being detected. The regiment managed to leave their landing craft before the Germans could start firing their guns.

The regiment had to enter Pourville to cross the river by the only bridge. Before they managed to reach the bridge, the Germans had put machine guns and anti-tank guns there which stopped them. With dead and wounded Canadians lying on the bridge, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Cecil Ingersoll Merritt, the commanding officer, crossed the bridge several times. He wanted to show his soldiers that the bridge could be crossed. Lieutenant Colonel Merritt was awarded the Victoria Cross.

One of the goals of the Dieppe Raid was to discover the technology of a German radar station.

RAF Flight Sergeant Jack Nissenthall, a radar specialist, was to attempt to enter the radar station and learn its secrets. If he were about to be captured, the soldiers with him had to kill him. He knew a lot of secrets about Allied radar. He also carried a cyanide pill to take if he was captured.
Nissenthall and his men could not enter the radar station due to strong German defences. Nissenthall did cut all telephone wires.

Phoebe Tonkin

Phoebe Jane Elizabeth Tonkin (born 12 July 1989 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian actress. She is best known for portraying Cleo Sertori in "" and Fiona Maxwell in "Tomorrow, When the War Began". As of 2011, she portrays Faye Chamberlain in "The Secret Circle". She was nominated 2008 Australian Film Institute Awards Best Lead Actress in Television Drama for "".

High school football

American football is one of many sports often played in high schools. Games are not extremely high tech.

AFC North

The AFC North is a division in the AFC conference of the National Football League. Teams in the division are the Pittsburgh Steelers, Baltimore Ravens, Cincinnati Bengals, and the Cleveland Browns. Pittsburgh has won the Super Bowl six times, the most of any team in the league. Baltimore has won it twice. Cincinnati and Cleveland have never been Super Bowl champions.

