Morality

Morality is the concept of doing the right thing. Morals are basic guidelines for living.

Many people have written about ways of choosing what the right thing is. Some believe that there is an objective (true even if you do not agree with it) morality, often thinking it was set by God or another similar being; others think that morality is subjective (that what is good or bad is a community choice).

People can learn morals from religion, parents, friends, school, books, or from ethical traditions. People that teach or follow morals are called moralists.

It can also be a lesson that someone learns in a book or story. It is usually one line at the end of the story ("The moral of this story is..."). Fables are stories with a moral. 

The opposite of "moral" is "immoral", meaning the wrong thing to do. "Amoral" means something that is not related to morality, or has no morally good or bad aspect to it. It is the same as "morally neutral". Morality means that you can tell between a right and a wrong thing.

Some morally correct things to do are

•Eat healthy

•Sleep well

•be polite

•use your brain

•use common sense

•Don't smoke

•Don't drink alcohol

•Don't murder


Saliva

Saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and many animals. Saliva begins digesting food in the mouth, and moistens food to make swallowing easier. Saliva consists of 99.5% water.

The mouth is obviously the point of entry to the whole alimentary canal. It follows from this that saliva must both help digestion, and protect against infections.

The digestion part is by three enzymes, one each for carbohydrates, fats and proteins. The digestion started here carries on in the stomach. There are some other 'minor' enzymes as well, and we do not know the full story about them yet. Also there is a pain-killing opiorphin, and a wrap-around haptocorrin which keeps vitamin B12 safe from stomach acids. Finally, there are a set of anti-bacterial proteins which make life difficult for any bacteria which get in with the food.

Saliva is filtered blood, "These observations are consistent with the fact that saliva is a filtrate of blood, meaning that the contents of blood—water, salts and macromolecules—pass through capillary walls into the salivary glands." Source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2741028/#:~:text=These%20observations%20are%20consistent%20with,walls%20into%20the%20salivary%20glands.

Villarosa

Villarosa is a town in the province of Enna, in the region of Sicily in southern Italy. 



Maria Sharapova

Maria Sharapova (born 19 April 1987) is a retired Russian tennis player. She was born in Nyagan, Western Siberia, RSFSR.

Her parents had moved from Belarus to protect themselves from the Chernobyl nuclear accident. The Sharapov family moved again in 1989, when Maria became interested in tennis, when watching her father play, and played tennis with a second-hand racquet. She would practice tennis by hitting the tennis ball against the wall every day, and her dad soon noticed that she was very good at the sport.
Maria's tennis coaches told the Sharapovs that they should move to Moscow, Russia, to get better training. The Sharapova moved again, from Moscow, to follow Maria's coach, Martina Navratilova's advice, to move to the United States.

There was a problem, though. Sharapova's mother, Yelena, could not get a visa to go to the United States. Meanwhile, Maria and her father tried to get Maria to go to a famous sports school, and they also had to learn English. Maria had already learned a lesson in her life that tennis excellence would only come at a price.

“I used to be so lonely,” Maria Sharapova recalls. “I missed my mother terribly. My father was working as mush as he could to keep my tennis-training going. So, he couldn't see me either “Because I was so young, I used to go to bed at 8 p.m. The other tennis pupils would come in 11 p.m. and wake me up and order me to tidy up the room and clean it.

“Instead of letting that depress me, I became more quietly determined and mentally tough. I learnt how to take care of myself. I never thought of quitting because I knew what I wanted. When you come from nothing and you have nothing, then it makes you very hungry and determine... I would have put up with much more humiliation and insults that to steadfastly purse my dream." That toughness runs through Maria even today.

She began to win tournaments and many people started to notice her. Her games improved, and Maria Sharapova gained more fans.

She has won 35 singles titles in her career, including five Grand Slam championships: Wimbledon in 2004, the US Open in 2006, the Australian Open in 2008 and the French Open in 2012 and 2014. She won an Olympic silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is the world number 3 women's tennis player as of September 2015. In 2005, she was ranked world number 1 for the first time, and in 2012 for the last time. 

In March 2016, Maria Sharapova revealed she had failed a drug test at the 2016 Australian Open, admitting to testing positive for meldonium, a substance banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) at the start of 2016. On June 8, 2016, she was suspended from playing tennis for two years by the International Tennis Federation (ITF).

In Russia, female surnames are changed so that their gender can be identified, so Sharapov becomes Sharapova.

True bug

The true bugs are an order of insects. Biologists call true bugs the Hemiptera. There are around 80,000 species of true bugs. The word "bug" by itself can have other meanings.

There are many different kinds of true bugs, some of which are aphids, cicadas, planthoppers, shield bugs, and others. All of these are true bugs. Their size is from 1 mm to over 10 cm. All true bugs have similar mouthparts, which they use to suck up plant sap.

Bugs have piercing, sucking mouthparts: this defines the Hemiptera. They pierce plants with their long, tube-like mouth, called a proboscis or a beak. They cannot chew. The true bug pumps saliva through this mouth, to partly digest their food. It then sucks up the food, which is usually plant sap.

The name "Hemiptera" is from the Greek: it means "hemi" (half) and "pteron" (wing). Most true bugs have half of their front wings hardened and have the other half soft. These wings are called "hemelytra" (singular "hemelytron"), because they halfway look like the hard wings (elytra) of beetles. The hind wings are totally soft and are shorter than the front wings.

The antennae of bugs usually have five segments. The tarsi (foot parts) of their legs have three or fewer segments.

Bug

Bug can mean many different things:




Dayton, Ohio

Dayton is a large city in the American state of Ohio. It is where Orville and Wilbur Wright grew up. The Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, also near Dayton, gets part of its name from the Wright brothers. The National Museum of the United States Air Force is inside the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

Dayton has a humid continental climate ("Dfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Ten people were killed in a mass shooting in Dayton on 4 August 2019.

Native Esperanto speakers

Native Esperanto speakers are people who learned Esperanto as one of their first languages. Esperanto is not spoken in any countries as an official language, so they must become bilingual, trilingual, or multilingual. Native Esperanto speakers can use this language completely and more fluently than non-native Esperanto speakers. There are not very many native Esperanto speakers. It is thought that no more than one or two thousand people speak Esperanto as their first language.

Children who learned Esperanto as one of their first languages speak with grammar like the other languages they learned. 


Soldering iron

A soldering iron is a device used for attaching wires and electronic components together with solder (usually a mixture of tin and lead). This action is called soldering. They can also be used for other tasks such as fixing jewelry. There are several different kinds of soldering irons, such as ones that make use of transformers, or ones that heat up to higher temperatures than others. Some even use natural gas.

A soldering iron stand can be used to hold the iron. It is usually a flat metal stand with a coil that holds the iron.

Hungarian Vizsla

Hungarian Vizsla is a dog breed. Vizslas are known for being affectionate and not aggressive. They originated in Hungary and are an excellent hunting dogs.

The breed was developed from dogs used by Hungarian tribes. Vizslas were owned by sporting nobility of Hungary who use to hunt with them. They were used to hunt deer, wild boar and wolf. The breed almost disappeared during the First World War and Second. Dogs were smuggled out of Hungary during the Second World War. These dogs were used later to breed in other countries.

Hungarian Vizsla's have a dark gold coat. Some dogs may also have small white marks on their feet and/or chest.
They are active, enthusiastic, friendly. Vizslas need human company to stay happy. They do not make good kennel dogs.

Daily exercise and mental tasks are necessary. Outside they are very active. Indoors, Vizslas can be quite inactive. The dogs prefer to rest beside their owners. Some are quite demanding of attention. If Vizslas do not receive enough exercise, they will become bored. If bored, they may choose to do to amuse themselves with digging or chewing on things.

Drawing (manufacturing)

Drawing is a manufacturing process for producing a wire, bar or tube by pulling on a material until it increases in length. This is typically accompanied by a thinning out of the material, usually through a reduction in the girth.

This technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of holes of decreasing size. More recently drawing has been used with molten glass to produce high quality optical fibers.

Manufacturing

Manufacturing is producing goods out of raw materials. It is a branch of industry. It includes making big, complicated things that need many steps to finish, and small, simple things. Often machines are involved in manufacturing.

In the past, products were made by handicraft workers using tools and manual labor. In modern times, most manufacturing jobs were replaced by automated machines in a factory, which made the products much faster and in turn - cheaper than humans could.



Finished goods

Finished goods are goods that have completed required manufacturing process and are ready to be fitted/mixed/processed with final product. The final product itself could also be called finished goods. 
Examples: cars, clothing, food, furniture etc.

In manufacturing there are three different sorts of stuff:


Something bought as a "raw material" is used to manufacture a product. A thing that is not completed during the manufacturing process is called "work in process". When the manufacturing of the thing is completed but it is not yet sold or distributed to the end-user, it is called a "finished good".

"Finished good" is a relative term. Finished goods of a supplier can be the raw material of the buyer. For example, a paper mill sells paper to a book publisher who uses it as raw material.

Good (economics)

A good in economics is any object or product (factors of production) that is useful. A commodity is one kind of good. 

A good that cannot be used by consumers directly, such as an office building or capital equipment, can be called a good because it can be useful if it is sold. A 'good' in economic usage does not necessarily mean that the object is good in a moral sense. 

If an object or service is sold for a positive price, then it is a good, since the purchaser considers the utility of the object or service more valuable than the money. Some things are useful but not scarce, such as air, and are referred to as "free goods" and "common goods". 

In macroeconomics and accounting, a good is contrasted with a service. A good here is defined as a physical product that one can deliver to a buyer. The service is not an object, but an action that benefits someone. A more general term that preserves the distinction between goods and services is 'commodities'. In microeconomics, 'good' is often used in this more inclusive sense of a commodity.


Ruslana

Ruslana Stepanivna Lyzhychko (May 24, 1973) is a popular Ukrainian pop singer, composer, producer, conductor and dancer. She was born in the city of Lviv in Ukraine. She won the Eurovision Song Contest in Istanbul in 2004. 

She is also a former Member of Parliament serving as deputy in the Ukrainian parliament (Verkhovna Rada) for the Our Ukraine Party.

In 2014, Ruslana became a leader in the Maidan movement for human rights and democratic reform in Ukraine. During the demonstrations, Ruslana stayed on the streets. At night she slept in a cold tent. Every night she sang the Ukrainian national anthem for the protestors. When the government police came, she stayed on the stage. She told the protesters to stay calm. She told the police to respect human rights.

Ruslana was also in the 2004 Orange Revolution. She was UNICEF National Ambassador in Ukraine in 2005. In 2008 she spoke for green energy.

In 2014 Ruslana received the International Women of Courage Award form the U.S. Department of State. 




Mustard plant

The word mustard is used to refer to several species of plants. These plants belong to the genera "Brassica" or "Sinapis". They have tiny seeds. These seeds can be used as a condiment. When they are first ground, and then mixed with water, vinegar and other ingredients, a condiment called mustard can be made. The seeds can also be pressed, to give a kind of oil called "mustard oil". Some kinds of mustard plants have edible leaves. These leaves are known as "mustard greens".

Mild white mustard ("Sinapis hirta") grows wild in North Africa, the Middle East and Mediterranean Europe and has spread farther by long cultivation; brown or Indian mustard ("B. juncea"), originally from the foothills of the Himalaya, is grown commercially in the UK, Canada and the US; black mustard ("B. nigra") in Argentina, Chile, the US and some European countries. 

In addition to the mustards, the genus "Brassica" also includes cabbages, cauliflower, rapeseed and turnips.

There has been recent research into varieties of mustards that have a high oil content for use in the production of biodiesel, a renewable liquid fuel similar to diesel fuel. The biodiesel made from mustard oil has good cold flow properties and cetane ratings. The leftover meal after pressing out the oil has also been found to be an effective pesticide.

An interesting genetic relationship between many species of mustard have been observed.

The mustard plant is in no way related to mustard gas, an agent for chemical warfare.

Mustard gas

Mustard gas or sulfur mustard is a chemical compound which has been used as a chemical weapon. It was used in World War I by the German Army against British and Canadian soldiers near Ypres, Belgium, in 1917. Later it was also used against the French Second Army.

Most sulfur mustards are squishy liquids with no color and no smell when they are at room temperature. When used in warfare, they have a color yellowish to brown. Some of them smell like culinary mustard (the type used for food), horseradish or garlic. They got their name from the smell, but are completely unrelated to culinary mustard.

Sulfur mustard (in its form mustard gas) was synthesized by Frederick Guthrie in 1860. It may have been discovered as early as the 1820s, by M.Depretz.

Its use during warfare was prohibited by the Geneva Protocol of 1925. This protocol outlawed the use of poison gas (which was widely used in the First World War). An additional agreement, the Chemical Weapons Convention, was ratified in 1993. It also outlaws the production and stockpiling of such agents. Despite these prohibitions it has been used in several wars. 

Sulfur mustard is the organic compound with formula (ClCHCH)S. 
It is a viscous liquid at normal temperatures. The pure compound has a melting point of 14 °C (57 °F) and decomposes before boiling at 218 °C (424 °F).

Amelia Earhart

Amelia Mary Earhart (born July 24, 1897 – disappeared July 2, 1937, declared dead January 5, 1939) was an American aviator, one of the first women to fly a plane long distances. She was the first woman to fly a plane by herself across the Atlantic Ocean. She broke many records and showed how air travel had moved forward. She also wrote books, most of them were about her flights. Earhart vanished over the South Pacific Ocean on July 2, 1937 while trying to fly around the world. She was declared dead on July 3, 1937.
Many theories stand in place about Amelia's end. Some believe she was a spy for the U.S. government and was captured by the Japanese on Gardner Island, others say she faked her death. The most plausible though is many researchers believe, which is that the Electra ran out of fuel and that Earhart and Noonan ditched at sea. The "crash and sink" theory is often the most widely accepted explanation of Earhart’s and Noonan’s fate.

However, there is a range of documented, archaeological, and anecdotal evidence supporting the hypothesis that Earhart and Noonan found Gardner Island, uninhabited at the time, landed the Electra on a flat reef near the wreck of a freighter, and sent sporadic radio messages from there. It has been surmised that Earhart and Noonan might have survived on Nikumaroro for several weeks before succumbing.


Situation comedy

A situation comedy, usually called a sitcom, is a type of comedy program. Sitcoms were first on radio, before television was invented, but are now on television and are a large part of the programs shown. Sitcoms usually have the same characters in the same places (for example; a home, a workplace, a bar, a city or town) on every episode.

Frank Sinatra

Francis Albert "Frank" Sinatra (December 12, 1915 – May 14, 1998) was an American singer and actor. His singing career was 60 years long, and more than 250 million records of his have been sold worldwide. Extremely regarded as one of the best and most admired popular singers in history of America standards.

He is also well known by the nickname "Old Blue Eyes". "The New York Times" said he was "the first modern pop superstar". At first, he was mostly known as a "crooner", a singer of love songs. By the 1950s and 1960s, he was singing swing and jazz songs as well.
Sinatra was also part of the Rat Pack, a group of entertainers (musicians and actors), in the 1950s and 1960s. The name was informal, and the group was not an official organization of any sort, but a group of friends. Members of the Rat Pack included Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr., Peter Lawford, and Joey Bishop, as well as (more loosely) Humphrey Bogart, Judy Garland, Lauren Bacall, Sidney Luft, and Shirley MacLaine.

He was born in Hoboken, New Jersey to Italian immigrants.

The only child of Sicilian immigrants, a teenaged Sinatra decided to become a singer after watching Bing Crosby perform in the mid-1930s. He'd already been a member of the glee club in his high school and began to sing at local nightclubs

Sinatra was also an actor. He was in movies such as "The Manchurian Candidate", "From Here to Eternity", and "The Man With The Golden Arm". He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "From Here To Eternity".

Sinatra was married 4 times. He was married to Nancy Barbato from 1939 to 1951, to Ava Gardner from 1951 to 1957, to Mia Farrow from 1966 to 1968, and to Barbara Marx from 1976 until his death on May 14, 1998.

Sinatra died on May 14, 1998 at 10:50 pm at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, after suffering a heart attack. His wife Barbara was at his side. The words "The best is yet to come" are written on his gravestone.

• , "The Voice - Vita e italianità di Frank Sinatra", Coniglio Press, Roma 2011 


Bing Crosby

Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby Jr. (May 3, 1903 – October 14, 1977) was an American singer and actor. His singing career was around fifty years long and more than 1 billion records of his have been sold worldwide. Crosby is known for creating the style of music that Perry Como, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin , Elvis Presley, John Lennon would later copy. Crosby said that he was inspired by Al Jolson.
He sang "White Christmas" and it became "the best-selling record of all time." Irving Berlin wrote this song. In 1962, Crosby became the first person ever to receive the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

Crosby won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his role in "Going My Way".

Crosby was a Roman Catholic. He died of a heart attack in Madrid, Spain.

Felt

Felt is a type of cloth or textile. It is a complex network of threads or yarns. They are pressed together usually when wet. This is "matting" fibers, with water and soap. It may also be made by poking the fibers with barbed needles. Felt can be made by hand, or by machine. The fiber can be wool or fur or artificial fibers.

People have been making felt longer than any other kind of fabric. Felt can be of any color, and made into any shape or size. Felt is used to make many things like clothing, hats, and rugs. Nomadic people in many countries live in tents made of felt.

Felt is used for many different things. Today, people use felt for hat-making, insulating (making warm), sound-proofing, and cushioning.

The difference between felt and most fabrics, like denim, is that most fabrics have a regular criss-cross, in-and-out weaving pattern, but felt is a messy jumble of fibers. 

Most fabrics are woven for strength and smoothness: they need carding to straighten the fibers, spinning to turn fibers into long threads and weaving to make fabric. 

Felt only needs a carding comb. Because of this, felt was often used by nomadic people.

Dean Martin

Dean Martin (born Dino Crocetti June 7, 1917 - December 25, 1995) was an American singer, actor and comedian.

Martin was born in Steubenville, Ohio. His mother was Italian American; his father was Italian.

Martin's career as a singer really began when he met comedian Jerry Lewis at a club and they decided to team up as a comedy-music pair. They became successful at clubs. They then acted in the movie "My Friend Irma", which made them famous. They worked together for ten years. They had a popular radio show. They made more movies. Martin became a huge success on his own when he sang "That's Amore". His partnership with Lewis ended on July 26, 1956. Their last movie, "Hollywood or Bust", was released that December in the United States.

Martin was part of the Rat Pack, a group of entertainers (musicians and actors), in the 1950s and 1960s. Their unofficial "leader" was Frank Sinatra. (Sinatra personally called the group "The Summit".) They made movies and performed live shows together, many in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Martin later had his own television show. He made recordings for Reprise Records, a record label started by Frank Sinatra. At the height of the rock and roll era, Martin still had hit records. His "Everybody Loves Somebody Sometime" even knocked The Beatles off the top of the "Billboard" sales charts.

Martin made movies on his own, which were mostly comedies. Four of them starred him as "Matt Helm", a spy like James Bond. Martin also appeared in dramatic movies, like "Rio Bravo" and "Airport". When he sang onstage or on television, he always had a cocktail glass with him. Most people thought he was drinking whiskey as he performed. However, he actually drank apple juice the whole time. Offstage, Martin enjoyed Jack Daniels whiskey, and red wine.

His television show was cancelled in 1975, but he continued on television with "The Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts", a series of specials that mocked celebrity testimonial dinners. Other comedians and actors would appear, and instead of praising the guest of honor, would make fun of them. None of the mocking was serious, though, and everyone usually had fun at the roasts. The specials ran until 1984.

Martin was more or less retired in the early 1990s. He did record a new collection of his best songs, which were sold through television commercials. In early 1987, his son Dean Paul ("Dino") Martin was in the United States Air Force, and his airplane crashed during a mission. His body was later recovered. Losing Dean Paul broke Martin's spirit. He never seemed happy after that.

Martin joined Sinatra and other Rat Packers for a reunion tour, but he quit after just a few shows. Sinatra was very angry. The two did not speak for years. They later made their peace, after members of the Rat Pack began to die off. Martin lived in retirement. He watched movies at home, and went to dinner at a nearby restaurant.

During the 1990s, Martin developed emphysema from years of cigarette smoking. He also had trouble with his liver. His health became bad. He began to think about death. He and his wife Jeanne were divorced years earlier, but had remained close. She encouraged him not to worry about dying, and to think about his parents, and their son Dean Paul, waiting for him.

Martin died in Beverly Hills, California over the Christmas holidays in 1995, watching television in bed. As a tribute, the lights on the Las Vegas Strip were dimmed for one minute, in his memory. His was the title of his best-remembered song: "EVERYBODY LOVES SOMEBODY SOMETIME".

Racial segregation

In South Africa, from the 1940s until the 1990s, a system called apartheid kept white and black South Africans separate. Racial segregation has happened in many other countries, throughout history.
Segregation is not as simple as having "separate but equal" places for people of different races. Segregation happens when a country or a society views one race as better than another. The goal of segregation is to keep the "inferior" race away from the "better" race. Because one race is seen as "inferior," people of that race are not treated well. They go through discrimination. Often they are not given basic rights, like the right to vote. As a United States Supreme Court judge said in a case about segregation in schools: "separate facilities are [always] unequal." Things did stop segregation, like Martin Luther King and Rosa Parks. They helped a lot by speaking up for their side. Although they knew that they would get in trouble. Rosa Parks made every black person stop using the buses until the bus company ran out of money (most of their money came from black people). This worked and the black people were allowed to use the buses without separation.

Segregation may have existed in early Anglo-Saxon England. When the Anglo-Saxons arrived in England in the 4th century, they may have created an "apartheid-like society," according to some historians. They may have treated the native British people like slaves, and had rules against marrying them. Some historians say Anglo-Saxons were much richer and had a higher social status than Celtic Britons.

From the early 1800s to the late 1980s, the Australian government took many Aboriginal children away from their families. Their families had not agreed to let their children go. However, the government had decided to force Aboriginal children to "assimilate" into Australian society. The children where placed in white homes or on missions. There, they were forced to learn Christianity, leave behind their Aboriginal culture, become a part of white society, and marry white people. The goal of this program was to "breed out" Aboriginal traits so that they no longer existed in Australia. Later, in 1951, the United Nations would define this type of program as genocide.

From about 1900 to the 1970s, Australia followed what became known as the "White Australia Policy." This policy kept non-white people from immigrating to Australia by making immigration tests too hard to pass.

In the early- to mid-twentieth century, many Aborigines were forced to live on missions. The goal of this policy was to get the Aborigines off their lands, because white settlers wanted to use them.

In the 1960s, Australia changed its official policy to "integration." This meant that the Aborigines had to be able to live in Australian society or on missions. However, many Aborigines refused to follow these orders and kept living far away from cities. In these areas, they were segregated from the rest of Australian society, and were also poorer. At the time, some people called the situation "apartheid," and even suggested that the Australian government's policies inspired the apartheid program in South Africa.

In 1366, the King of England passed thirty-five laws called the Statutes of Kilkenny. Their goal was to prevent English settlers in Ireland from mixing with the Irish people or becoming too much like the Irish. The laws made it illegal the English to marry native Irish people, have Irish children, adopt Irish children, use Irish names or clothes, or speak anything but English.

In 1830, France took control of Algeria from the Ottoman Empire. For over a hundred years, Algeria was a French colony. The French rulers kept an apartheid-like system in Algeria. For example, Arab and Berber Algerians were allowed to apply for French citizenship (which would give them the right to vote and other rights) only if they abandoned their Muslim religion and culture.

Algerian Muslims were not willing to go along with this "system of apartheid," and this system was one of the main causes of the Algerian War in 1954.

In fifteenth-century north-east Germany, "Wendish" (Slavic) people were not allowed to join some guilds. According to Wilhelm Raabe, "into the eighteenth century no German guild accepted a Wend."
In 1935, after the Nazi Party had taken control of the German government, they passed the Nuremberg Laws. The Nazis, led by Adolf Hitler, believed that the "Aryan" race was better than any other races. The Nuremberg Laws made it illegal for "Aryan" and "non-Aryan" people to marry or have sex. At first, the laws were mostly meant to keep "Aryans" from mixing with Jewish people (who the Nazis viewed as an inferior race). However, the Nazis later added "Gypsies, Negroes and their bastard [children]" to the Laws. Aryans who broke these laws could be sent to concentration camps; non-Aryans could be executed. To keep German blood "pure," after World War II began, the Nazis made it illegal for any non-German to marry or have sex with a German person.

In 1939, the Nazis invaded Poland and took it over. They divided the Polish people into different ethnic groups. Based on how "Germanic" they were, each group had different rights. For example, the different groups were allowed different amounts of food; and were only allowed to live in certain places and use certain public transportation.

During the 1930s and 1940s, the Nazis made Jews wear yellow ribbons or stars of David with the word ""Jude"" ("Jew") on them. Racial laws discriminated against Jews and Roma people (Gypsies). For example, Jewish doctors were not allowed to treat Aryan patients; Jewish professors were not allowed to teach Aryan students. Jews were not allowed to use any public transportation, besides the ferry; ride bicycles; or ride in cars. They were allowed to shop only from 3:00pm to 5:00pm, and only in stores owned by Jews. They could not go to theaters, swimming pools, or any other places for entertainment.

During the Holocaust, the Nazis tried to kill all of the Jews and Roma in Europe. They also killed millions of Slavic people (including Ukrainian, Soviet, and Polish people), because they saw Slavs as an inferior race. First the Nazis forced Jews and Roma to live in ghettoes, apart from everyone else. Then they sent millions of Jews, Roma, and Slavs to concentration camps and death camps.

Also, between 1939 and 1945, at least 1.5 million Polish people were deported to Nazi Germany for forced labour. Nazi Germany also used forced laborers from Western Europe. However, Polish people and other Eastern Europeans who the Nazis viewed as racially inferior were treated much worse. They were forced to wear a cloth tag on their clothing with the letter "P" on it, which showed that they were Polish. They had to follow a curfew and could not use public transportation. Usually, they had to work longer hours, for lower pay, than Western Europeans. In many cities, they had to live in segregated barracks, behind barbed wire. They were not allowed to talk to Germans outside of work. If they had sexual relations with Germans, they would be executed.

During the Tang Dynasty, the Han Chinese passed several laws that segregated non-Chinese people from Chinese people. In 779, the Tang Dynasty made a rule which forced Uighurs to wear their traditional ethnic clothing, not Chinese clothing. It also banned them from 'pretending' to be Chinese, and from marrying Chinese women. The Han Chinese disliked the Uighurs because they loaned money for interest.

In 836, when Lu Chun was appointed governor of Canton, he was disgusted to find Chinese living with foreigners and marrying them. Lu made segregation the law. He made it illegal for non-Chinese people to marry Chinese people or to own property. The law specifically banned Chinese from forming relationships with "Dark peoples" or "People of color." This meant foreigners like "Iranians, Sogdians, Arabs, Indians, Malays, Sumatrans", and others.

In 1938, Italy was ruled by a fascist regime led by Benito Mussolini. The regime was allied with Nazi Germany. Under pressure from the Nazis, the regime passed several laws that said the Italian Empire would now practice segregation. They called these laws the 'provvedimenti per la difesa della razza' (norms for the defence of the race).

The laws especially targeted Jews. For example, Jews could not:


Because of these laws, Italy lost some of its best scientists. Some were fired. For example, Rita Levi-Montalcini, who would later win the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, was told she could no longer work at her university. Others left Italy because of the laws. For example, Enrico Fermi, who worked on the first nuclear reactor and won the Nobel Prize for Physics, left the country. (His wife was Jewish.) Many other well-known scientists, physicists, mathematicians, and other scholars lost their jobs or left Italy because of the race laws.

Albert Einstein resigned from his honorary membership at the Accademia dei Lincei, an Italian science academy, to protest the race laws.

After 1943, when Northern Italy was occupied by the Nazis, Italian Jews were taken to Nazi concentration camps and death camps.

For centuries, Jews in Europe were often forced to live in segregated ghettos and shtetls (small towns where mostly Jews lived). In 1204, the Pope ordered Jews to segregate themselves from Christians and to wear clothing that marked them as Jews. Forced segregation of Jews spread throughout Europe during the 14th and 15th centuries.

In the Russian Empire, starting in the 1790s, Jews were only allowed to live in the Pale of Settlement. This was the Western frontier of the Russian Empire, about where Poland, Lithuania, Belarus, Moldova, and Ukraine are today. By the early 20th century, most European Jews lived in the Pale of Settlement.

In Morocco, beginning in the 15th century, Jewish people were segregated in "mellahs". In cities, a "mellah" was a separate area for Jews, surrounded by a wall with a fortified gateway. Rural "mellahs" were separate villages where only Jews lived.

In the middle of the 19th century, historian J.J. Benjamin wrote about the life of Persian Jews:
When Spanish people came to the Americas and made Latin American countries into colonies, they created a caste system based on race. They came up with fifteen different categories of people based on their race mixtures, including categories like "mulatto" and "mestizo". People who were "whiter" or more "Spanish" had a higher social status than people who were "darker" or more Native American. People who were "darker" were treated as inferior and faced discrimination for example, they had to pay higher taxes than "whiter" people.

Usually, when they won their independence from Spain, most Latin American countries made laws against caste systems. However, prejudice based on race remains.

Racial segregation in South Africa began when the country was a Dutch colony. The Dutch landed at Cape Town in 1652 and gradually took over more and more of the country. Segregation continued when the British Empire took over the Cape of Good Hope in 1795.

Slavery existed in South Africa until 1833. However, two years later, the government passed a law that changed slaves into indentured servants. This system was not very different from slavery. Throughout the rest of the 1800s, the South African colonies passed laws that limited these worker's rights and freedoms.

In 1894 and 1905, the government passed laws saying that "Indians" and 'blacks" had no right to vote. Other laws discriminated against non-whites, but were not as bad as the apartheid laws that would come within the next 50 years.

Apartheid in South Africa started in 1948. At that time, the National Party won control of the South African government. This political party was made up of Afrikaner people. Afrikaners are the descendants of Dutch settlers who came to South Africa in the 1600s and 1700s. The National Party believed in Afrikaner nationalism.

The National Party passed apartheid laws to make racial segregation the law in South Africa. Some of the most important laws included:


Under these apartheid laws, between 1960 and 1983, 3.5 million non-white South Africans were forced to leave their homes and move into segregated neighborhoods. This is one of the largest mass removals in modern history.

Other laws made it illegal for a person to marry or have sex with a person of a different race. Then, in 1969, the government took away "Coloured" people's right to vote. Since "Indians" and "blacks" had not been allowed to vote for decades, this meant that whites were the only people in South Africa who were allowed to vote.

In 1970, non-whites were banned from having representatives in the government. That same year, black people's South African citizenship was taken away.

Protests against apartheid started right after apartheid did. As early as 1949, the youth wing of the African National Congress (ANC) suggested fighting against racial segregation using many different strategies. Over the next 45 years, hundreds of anti-apartheid actions occurred. They included protests by the Black Consciousness Movement; student protests; labor strikes; and church group activism. In 1991, the Abolition of Racially Based Land Measures Act was passed, reversing laws about racial segregation, including the Group Areas Act. In 1990, President Frederik Willem de Klerk started trying to end apartheid. Nonwhites were given the right to vote in 1993. South Africa had its first multiracial elections (where non-whites were allowed to be candidates in 1994. Nelson Mandela and the African National Congress won. Mandela and de Klerk were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 for working together to end apartheid.

The United States has a long history of racial segregation, starting when the first European settlers came to North America. First through slavery, then through racist laws, and then through racist attitudes, African-American people in the United States have faced segregation for centuries. People of other races have been segregated too. For example, during World War II, the President of the United States, Franklin D. Roosevelt, ordered almost the entire Japanese-American population to be segregated in internment camps.

People of all races have fought against segregation and discrimination in the United States. Thanks to movements like the Civil Rights Movement, segregation is now against the law in the United States. However, prejudice against minority groups still exists. This has led to new types of segregation caused by people's prejudices and behavior.

The State of Israel has practiced apartheid against Palestinians. It started in its occupation of the West Bank; the term apartheid in this context refers to apartheid in international law. Or may compare it with apartheid in South Africa. Some use the term to include treatment of Arab citizens of Israel. They describe their status as second-class citizens. 

These features regard such things as the ID system. Also includes the pattern of Israeli settlements, separate roads for Israeli and Palestinian people, Israeli military checkpoints, marriage law, the West Bank barrier, the use of Palestinians for cheaper labour, the Palestinian West Bank land exclaves, inequality in infrastructure, legal rights (e.g. "Enclave law"), and inequality of access to land and resources between Palestinians and Israeli settlers. It is argued that, like South Africa, Israel may be classified as a settler colonial society, in violation of international law.


Torrance, California

Torrance is a city in southwest Los Angeles, California. Jared Torrance founded it in 1911. In 2020, there were 147,067 people living in Torrance. It is the eighth biggest city in Los Angeles county.




Chuck Berry

Charles Edward Anderson "Chuck" Berry (October 18, 1926 – March 18, 2017) was an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. He is one of the original musicians who helped to create rock and roll and is known as the Father of Rock and Roll.

In 1955 Berry met Muddy Waters who told him of a record company that would release his first song. In 1957 he joined the Everly Brothers, Buddy Holly and other popular musicians on a tour around the United States. Over the next few years he became more and more popular and had many popular songs on the radio. "Maybellene" (1955), "Roll Over Beethoven" (1956), "Rock and Roll Music" (1957) and "Johnny B. Goode" (1958) were massive hits.

He has influenced many rock and pop musicians who came after him. Berry has influenced many music artists, like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Beach Boys, and Bob Dylan. Berry tried to help an Apache waitress cross the US-Canadian border, but was caught by police and charged for prostitution. This dented his career: he served 18 months. When released, his first recording was "Nadine", (1964) also a huge hit. 

Berry was a favorite with "The Beatles", "The Rolling Stones" and "The Beach Boys", who adapted and recorded a number of his songs.

In 1986 a documentary film, "Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll", was made. It featured a celebration concert for Berry's sixtieth birthday, organized by Keith Richards.

Berry died at his home in Wentzville, Missouri on March 18, 2017 from a congestive heart failure, aged 90.


Nagamaki

Nagamaki is a Japanese pole weapon with a large and heavy blade. It is very much like a glaive. It was introduced and used primarily during the Kamakura (1192 - 1333), Nanbokucho (1334 - 1392) and early Muromachi (1392 – 1573) periods. It was a long sword with 2–4 foot blade and a handle with 2–3 foot length. The blade was single-edged. It was also sharpened along the back edge to reduce its weight. It looks similar to a traditional naginata, but the main difference was that the handle (tsuka) of the nagamaki was not constructed of wood; it was made more like a katana handle. Even the name "nagamaki" is given by the tradition of handle wrapping. The word "nagamaki" means "long wrapping". The nagamaki handle was wrapped with cords in criss-crossed manner, very similar to the wrapping that is made on katana. The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword. This one was a variation of long samurai sword. 

The way to hold nagamaki was also very specific. It was held with the two hands in a fixed position in the same way a katana sword is held. Unlike the naginata, the hands did not change when handling the weapon and the right hand was always the closest to the blade. While handling nagamaki not too many sliding actions on the handle were performed as it was in naginata's case, where you use the entire length of the shaft. The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata sword. During the middle of the Muromachi period (1336-1600 A.D.) it reached its peak of usage. 

The nagamaki is designed for large sweeping and slicing strokes. It also works as a spear. Traditionally, it was used as an infantry weapon. Warriors used the weapon against horsemen. Still, it required more time and materials to create a nagamaki than a spears or a naginata sword, this is why it was not so widely spread. 

The closest exemplar of real nagamaki you can see today is nagamaki-naoshi. It appears to be like a long katana-shaped glaive but straighter and thinner, with a very long handle. In contrast to it naginata is shorter, wider and more curved to the tip.


Naginata

Naginata is a Japanese bladed weapon with a long shaft (wooden handle). The weapon looks like a pole and is often mistaken for one. The word "naginata" means "mowing down sword" or "reaping sword". The length of the blade can be anywhere from 1 to 3 feet. The blade's shape looks like a leaf being more curved to the point. The naginata's blade is attached to a long wooden shaft. The shaft itself is between 6 and 9 feet. The part that goes inside the handle (tang) is almost as long as the blade itself. This makes sure the blade is attached tightly onto the shaft. The shaft has a sharp end-cap, or ishizuki, which is made for piercing between plates of armor.

It is said naginata were first used in China in around 3 B.C. The first source it was mentioned in was the Kojiki (A Record of Ancient Matters, 712). Later, it is shown in the paintings of battlefield scenes made during the Tengyo no Ran (Tengyo Insurrection), in 936 A.D. The sword was used and improved during the Nara period (approx. 710-784 A.D.), and by the 11th century it was widely used in battles.

The naginata was used by warrior-monks for temple defense against invaders. Fromthe 1400's A.D. this weapon was no more used by monks because the temples were no longer a target. The samurai used the naginata only when fighting against many enemies or on horseback.

Naginata was most commonly used when the samurai was too young to handle a full-length katana and when he was mostly an archer. By the Edo period (1603-1867), the naginata was no more used in combat. It became the symbolic weapon of samurai women, who trained for self-defense, defense of their children, and for building virtue. The fashion developed further and there were samurai families who hung naginata in important places of their houses. Later the naginata was even given as a present to the bride.

There are three main theories why the naginata was made. One of the most common is the belief that naginata evolved from a farming tool used for chopping. The tools were made as long staffs with sharp stones attached to one of the ends. The tool was used in the 3rd century B.C. Later, the stones were replaced with metal pieces. Thus, when the crops and lands of the farmers were under attack they defended it with their farming tools, which proved to be effective weapons and were later improved..

The Chinese theory is based on the idea that Chinese halberds were brought to Japan during early migrations, (around 200 B.C.). Most of the weaponry experts believe that even if the Chinese invented the weapon, it was improved by the Japanese.

Another theory says that the naginata evolved directly as a weapon. The blade was made of bronze. Later, the discovery of steel made it more effective. This theory says that naginata development was far later than the appearance of metal in Japan (around 200 B.C.).

The naginata was meant for foot soldiers to use. The military elite (samurai) used the katana sword. There are evidences that naginata was also used by the Sohei (Buddhist warrior monks).

The naginata was also considered a women's weapon. It gave women a major advantage because its long shaft could keep the enemy at a safe distance. One of the most famous Japanese women warriors was Itagaki. Her naginata skills were better than even the most trained samurai. During the Edo period (1600-1800 AD), Japanese women were taught to handle the naginata by the age of 18.

The naginata was also considered an effective weapon against horsemen. The way naginata was handled required specific motions because of its length. Usually, it was sweeping and circular motion, because it was inconvenient to use striking methods like a traditional sword. In order to use the naginata well, the handler has to quickly change hand positions along the length of the shaft.

This weapon did very well in cavalry battles, acting like medieval spears. Infantry used the naginata to cut the horse's legs. After this the disoriented rider was easily killed.

Naginata is also known as a Japanese martial art performed by men, women, and children. It is a combat system that teaches respect, patience, etiquette, self-confidence, and self-control. The practice of Naginata teaches perfect control and balanced movements of the body. When into this art, discipline and concentration are needed to reach the grace and effectiveness of the movements. It establishes a person's character by developing a moral code based on honor.
The modern naginata has changed its shape. Now, it is more like a European halberd or glaive. The blade looks more like a scimitar than a wakizashi. Naginata went through the influence of westernization after the Meiji Restoration (1868-1912), when the value of martial arts dropped, and survived till the Showa period (1912 – 1926), when naginata became a part of the public school system.

Different styles of naginata handling were developed creating world known schools. The Atarashii Naginata School and Jikishin-kage ryu are the most popular. There are also known schools like Tendo ryu and Toda Ha Buko ryu. Despite the differences between these schools, the Naginata martial art has at its base the art of wielding one of the most original weapons and their goal is to develop the traditional etiquette and spiritual training of a person.


Ainu language

The Ainu language is the language of the Ainu people in northern Japan. It was not written until the 19th century. Since then, it has been written in katakana or the Latin alphabet.

In the 19th century, Ainu was spoken in Ezo (including Hokkaidō Island and the southern part of Chishima Islands), the southern part of Karapto (Sakhalin) and the northern part of Chishima Islands (Kuril Islands). Now it is only spoken in Hokkaidō.

Ainu had many dialects, including "Chitose", "Saru", and "Karapto". Now only the Hokkaidō dialect survives. The dialects were so different from one another that a speaker of one dialect could not understand a speaker of another dialect.

Historically, speakers of Ainu lived near speakers of Japanese and Itelmen (from Kamchatka). The Nivkh, which was spoken in the northern part of Sakhalin, is another isolated language.

Ainu has subject-object-verb word order, like Japanese. Ainu phrases have left-branching structures: the word for a property is before the word for a person or thing.

The word "ainu" means "human being" and is the name used by the Ainu to refer to themselves. In contrast, "kamuy" means "god". The Ainu think that all existence that has mind and plays a role in this world are "kamuy". Sparrows or standing trees are "kamuy". In the Ainu perspective of the world, all goes well and human being can also be happy if "ainu" and "kamuy" help each other.

Most linguists think that the Ainu numeral system is based on twenty.

The Ainu language is classificated as language isolate, although there are several theories about a genetic relation. Some linguists suggest a relation to Altaic languages while others suggest a link to Indo-European languages. Some similarities also exist with northern native american languages.

Tenacious D

Tenacious D is an American rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1994. The members of the band are actor Jack Black and his best friend Kyle Gass. Their songs have lots of profanity. Including Tribute, Beezleboss and many others.



Saurischia

Saurischia is one of the two main groups of dinosaurs. In 1888, Harry Seeley classified dinosaurs into two orders, which are now generally considered unranked clades. Their hip structure was why they were put into these groups. Saurischians ('lizard-hipped') and the ornithischians ('bird-hipped') have differences in the ways bones in the hip are put together.

The saurischian pubic bones primarily pointed backward, while the ornithischian pubic bones pointed forward. Despite this pattern, the pubic bones of several saurschians, including herrerasaurids, therizinosauroids, dromaeosaurids, and birds, point forward. It's important consider than the etymology of names Saurischia and Ornithischia does not reflect the evolutionary relationships of these groups. Ornithischians were called 'bird-hipped' because their hips are similar to those of birds, but birds themselves evolved from 'lizard-hipped' saurischians.

Saurischia includes two main subgroups: Theropoda and Sauropodomorpha. Theropods are represented by bipedal, primarily carnivorous dinosaurs (such as "Tyrannosaurus" and "Velociraptor"). Birds are theropods and the only group of dinosaurs that has survive to the present day. Early sauropodomorphs were similar to early theropods because they shared a common ancestor. However, the most diverse group of sauropodomorphs, Sauropoda, was represented by long-necked herbivorous dinosaurs that often reached gigantic sizes (such as "Diplodocus" and "Brachiosaurus").


Stethoscope

A stethoscope is a instrument used by doctors and other medical people. It is used to measure peoples heartbeat and their breathing. It is placed on the area where the heart is or on the back. 

The modern stethoscope is made up of a Y-shaped flexible plastic tube. An earpiece is attached to each end of the Y and a sound-detecting device at the other end. The sound-detecting device has a thin plastic sheet on one side and a bell shape with a hole in on the other. The diaphragm is used to listen to a patient's chest for high-pitched sounds. The bell end is used to detect lower-pitched sounds. The lung sounds have a higher frequency than heart sounds.

Rene Theophile Hyacinthe Laënnec (1781-1826) was a French physician who, in 1816, invented the stethoscope. Using this new instrument, he investigated the sounds made by the heart and lungs and determined that his diagnoses were supported by the observations made during autopsies.

In 2023 Artificial Intelligence stethoscopes, designed by Mayo Clinic spin-off Eko, were introduced. They can detect three types of heart disease in 15 seconds, detecting about 85% of treatable heart failure in patients. A blood test is still needed for confirmation. 

Gouda cheese

Gouda is a kind of soft cheese made from cows' milk. The cheese is named after the city of Gouda, which is famous for it. The name "Gouda" is not protected, so Gouda is made all over the world. There is also a protected designation of origin "Noord-Hollandse Gouda" (Gouda from North Holland). This may seem inaccurate, because the city of Gouda is in South Holland. Most of the cows however graze in North Holland.

There are two varieties of Gouda for export: Young gouda, which is between one and six months old. Young gouda is usually sold with a yellow or red coating of paraffin wax. 

Gouda that is older, is usually sold with a black coating. It is more brittle, and has a stronger scent. 

There are other variations, like "Smoked Gouda", which is a processed cheese, and Leyden Gouda.

There is also spiced gouda which has spices in it to make it have more flavour. 

Passion bearer

In Russian Orthodox Christianity, a passion bearer is someone who faces their death in a Christian or Christ-like way. They were not killed because of their religion, unlike martyrs, but they love God and show good virtues.

Tile

A tile is a manufactured piece of hard-wearing material such as ceramic, stone, porcelain, metal or even glass. Tiles are generally used for covering roofs, floors, and walls. They have been made for thousands of years.

Tiles can be simple square tiles or arranged in complex mosaics. Tiles are most often made from ceramic, with a hard glaze finish.

At the end of the 20th century, the technology of porcelain and glass tiles advanced, making them cheaper. They became more commonplace.

Roof tiles are designed mainly to keep out rain, and are traditionally made from locally available materials such as clay or slate. Modern materials such as concrete and plastic are also used and some clay tiles have a waterproof glaze.

A large number of shapes (or "profiles") of roof tiles have evolved.

Fired roof tiles are found as early as the 3rd millennium BC in the "House of the tiles" in Lerna, Greece. Debris found at the site contained thousands of terracotta tiles having fallen from the roof. In the Mycenaean period, roofs tiles are documented for Gla and Midea.

Bellini

Bellini can mean several people or things, including



Gouda

Gouda can mean:



Porcelain

Porcelain is a ceramic material made by heating clay-type materials to high temperatures. It includes clay in the form of kaolinite.

Porcelain can be of different types: hard-paste porcelain, soft-paste porcelain and bone china. There is a distinction between hard-paste porcelain, fired at 1400 degrees Celsius, and soft-paste porcelain, fired at 1200 C. Bone china is soft-paste porcelain made from bone ash and kaolinite.

The raw materials for porcelain are mixed with water and form a plastic paste. The paste is worked to a required shape before firing in a kiln.

Porcelain originated in China, and 'china' is the common name of the product. By the Eastern Han dynasty period (196–220 AD) glazed ceramic wares had developed into porcelain. Porcelain manufactured during the Tang Dynasty (618–906 AD) was exported to the Islamic world, where it was highly prized. Early porcelain of this type includes the tri-colour glazed porcelain, or "sancai" wares. Porcelain items in the sense that we know them today could be found in the Tang Dynasty, and archaeological finds have pushed the dates back to as early as the Han Dynasty (206 BC – 220 AD). By the Sui Dynasty (581–618) and Tang Dynasty (618–907), porcelain was widely produced.

In 1712, many of the Chinese porcelain secrets were revealed in Europe by the French Jesuit father Francois Xavier d'Entrecolles, and published in "Lettres édifiantes et curieuses de Chine par des missionnaires jésuites".

Early in the 16th century, Portuguese traders returned home with samples of kaolin clay, which they discovered in China to be essential in the production of porcelain wares. However, the Chinese techniques and composition used to manufacture porcelain were not yet fully understood.

In the German state of Saxony, the search concluded in 1708 when Ehrenfried von Tschirnhaus produced a hard, white, translucent type of porcelain with kaolin clay and alabaster, mined from a Saxon mine in Colditz. It was a closely guarded trade secret of the Saxon enterprise.

Von Tschirnhaus and his assistant Johann Friedrich Böttger were employed by Augustus the Strong and worked at Dresden and Meissen in Saxony. A workshop note records that the first specimen of hard, white and vitrified European porcelain was produced in 1708. At the time, the research was still being supervised by Tschirnhaus, who died in October of that year. Böttger reported to Augustus in March 1709 that he could make porcelain. He usually gets the credit for the European discovery of porcelain.

The first important French soft-paste porcelain was made at the Saint-Cloud factory before 1702. Soft-paste factories were established at Chantilly in 1730 and at Mennecy in 1750. The Vincennes porcelain factory was established in 1740, and moved later to larger premises in Sèvres. in 1756. Vincennes soft-paste was whiter and more perfect than any of its French rivals, which put Vincennes/Sèvres porcelain in the leading position in France.

The first soft-paste in England was demonstrated by Thomas Briand to the Royal Society in 1742, and is believed to have been based on the Saint-Cloud formula. In 1749, Thomas Frye took out a patent on a porcelain containing bone ash. This was the first bone china, later perfected by Josiah Spode.
In the twenty-five years after Briand's demonstration, half a dozen factories were founded in England to make soft-paste table-wares and figures. Some famous factories were:


William Cookworthy discovered deposits of kaolin clay in Cornwall. This helped the development of porcelain and other whiteware ceramics in England. Cookworthy's factory at Plymouth, 1768, used kaolin clay and china stone. He made porcelain with a composition similar to the Chinese porcelains of the early 18th century.



Kiln

A kiln is a thermally insulated chamber or oven in which a controlled temperature regime is produced. 


ChuChu

ChuChu is a comic magazine that is written for teenage girls. It is published by Syougakukan（Japan).



Mettā

Metta is a Buddhist term translated as loving kindness or friendliness.

Metta is wanting others to be happy. 
The opposite is wanting others to be unhappy: anger, hatred.



Oxide

An oxide is a chemical compound containing at least one oxygen atom and at least one atom of one other element. Most of the Earth's crust consists of oxides (mainly silica). Oxides can be made when elements are oxidized by air (when oxygen in the air reacts with the element).

Some common oxides are:

Proposal

A proposal is when people suggest an idea. One kind of proposal is used when someone suggests an idea of marriage, when they ask the person they like to marry them.

Versailles, Yvelines

Versailles is a French city. It is in the western suburbs of Paris, 17.1 km. (10.6 miles) from the center of Paris. It is the "capital" of the Yvelines département. This city is very important for the History of France because it was formerly the capital of the kingdom of France.

Its name comes from the Latin word "vertere", meaning to turn the soil. 

Versailles is made world-famous by the Palace of Versailles (Château de Versailles), where Louis XIV, Louis XV and Louis XVI lived.

In 2004, about 85,900 people lived here.

This is where the Treaty of Versailles was signed at the end of The Great War.



Major

Major is a rank that is given for a mid-level command officer (higher than the rank of Captain and lower than the rank of Lieutenant Colonel). In Canada, it is shown by a thick bar followed by a thin bar and again by a thick bar. In Great Britain it is represented by a single crown. In the United States, it is shown by a gold oak leaf. The pay grade for the rank of major is O-4.

Sibling

The siblings are the sisters and brothers of a person.

There are several different types of siblings.


Silicate

In chemistry, a silicate is a chemical compound consisting of one or more central silicon atoms that are surrounded by electronegative anions.

The most common silicate species consist of silicon with oxygen as the anion. Silicate anions, with a negative net electrical charge, must have that charge balanced by other cations to make an electrically neutral compound.

In geology and planetary science, the term silicate is used to denote types of rock that consist predominantly of silicate minerals.

On Earth, a wide variety of silicate minerals occur in an even wider range of combinations as a result of the processes that form and re-work the crust. These processes include partial melting, crystallization, fractionation, metamorphism, weathering and diagenesis. Living things also contribute to the silicate cycle near the Earth's surface. A type of plankton known as diatoms construct their exoskeletons, known as tests, from silica. The tests of dead diatoms are a major constituent of deep ocean sediment

Newton metre

The Newton metre is the unit of moment in the SI system Standard International. It is abbreviated N·m, and sometimes written with hyphen "newton-metre". It is a compound unit of torque corresponding to the torque from a force of one newton applied over a distance arm of one metre.

A newton metre is dimensionally equivalent to a joule.


Cynicism

Cynicism is a philosophy started by the Cynics, Ancient Greek philosophers. It was started by Antisthenes in the 5th century BC. The main points the cynics wanted to make was that man had no needs. At the same time, they were against possessing material goods. They also were against prejudices such as being ashamed of being naked. Diogenes of Sinope made the cynics extend their views and combine them with that of other schools of philosophy, like the stoa. They also integrated elements of Greek mythology.

Today, the word 'cynicism' generally describes the opinions and actions of those who believe that self-interest is the primary motive of human behavior. These persons, called "cynics", shy away from relying upon sincerity, human virtue, or altruism as motivations.


Sonic the Hedgehog (TV series)

Sonic the Hedgehog is the name of a cartoon series, starring Sonic the Hedgehog. It is more popularly known as "SatAM Sonic", especially to distinguish itself from other similarly named animated shows that also star Sonic.

This series was made by DiC Entertainment, and originally ran on ABC from September 18, 1993 to June 3, 1995, and had a total of 26 episodes, at 13 episodes per season.

The show starred Sonic the Hedgehog, and the Knothole Freedom Fighters, a group of woodland animals united to fight the evil Doctor Robotnik, who has taken over the entire planet.

Servile Wars

The Servile Wars were a series of three slave revolts in the late Roman Republic. See:


Plutarch

Mestrius Plutarchus (; "c." AD 46 – after AD 119), better known in English as Plutarch, was a Greek historian, and writer of biographies and essays.

Plutarch was born into a well-known family in "Chaeronea", "Boeotia" Greece, a town about twenty miles east of Delphi. His works are "Parallel Lives" and "Moralia".


Crassus

Marcus Licinius Crassus (c. 115 BC – 53 BC) was a Roman general and politician.

He commanded the left wing of Sulla's army at the Battle of the Colline Gate. It was he who finally suppressed the slave revolt led by Spartacus. The Third Servile War began with three defeats of Roman armies against Spartacus and his followers. The revolt was finally destroyed by the concentrated military effort of a single commander, Marcus Licinius Crassus.

The last stage of his career was as a "triumvir", one of the First Triumvirate, with Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus and Gaius Julius Caesar. One of the richest men of the era, he was killed after a defeat at the Battle of Carrhae. His death led to the civil wars between Julius Caesar and Pompey, the other two triumvirs.

Crassus formed an army to meet the Parthians. In addition to six new legions, he was given other legions which had been beaten by Spartacus. He decimated them. This was the brutal method of executing "one man in ten" to encourage the others to fight harder. Each group of ten men drew lots to decide who would die. This punishment had not been used since the early days of Rome.

Crassus's punishment of Spartacus's surviving men was just as brutal. They were crucified. But his army was beaten by the Parthians, with many Roman deaths, including that of Crassus.

Crassus arranged to govern the Roman province of Syria, with the transparent intention of going to war with Parthia. In fact, he set out on a war against Parthia, using his own money, and without the Senate's official approval.

After being informed of the presence of the Parthian army, Crassus panicked. His general Cassius recommended that the army be deployed in the traditional Roman fashion, with infantry forming the center and cavalry on the wings. At first Crassus agreed, but he soon changed his mind and redeployed his men into a hollow square, each side formed by twelve cohorts. This formation would protect his forces from being outflanked, but at the cost of mobility.

The day went badly for the Romans, who were repeatedly outflanked by the Parthian cavalry. The next day they received a message, offering to negotiate with Crassus. A truce was proposed, allowing the Roman army to return to Syria safely, in exchange for Rome giving up all territory east of the Euphrates. Crassus was reluctant to meet with the Parthians, but his troops threatened to mutiny if he did not. At the meeting, a Parthian pulled at Crassus' reins, sparking violence. Crassus and his generals were murdered. After his death, the Parthians allegedly poured molten gold down his throat, in a symbolic gesture mocking Crassus' renowned greed. The remaining Romans at Carrhae attempted to flee, but most were captured or killed. Roman casualties amounted to about 20,000 killed and 10,000 captured, making the battle one of the costliest defeats in Roman history. Parthian casualties were minimal.

Pompey

Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus (29 September 106 BC – 28 September 48 BC), otherwise known as Pompey () or Pompey the Great, was an important military and political leader of the late Roman Republic. 

Coming from an Italian provincial background, he secured a place for himself in the ranks of Roman nobility, and was given the nickname "Magnus" ("the Great") by Lucius Cornelius Sulla.

Pompey was a rival of Marcus Licinius Crassus and an ally to Gaius Julius Caesar. Together, the three politicians would dominate the Late Roman republic through a political alliance called the First Triumvirate. After the deaths of Julia and Crassus (54 BC), disputes between Pompey and Caesar over the leadership of the Roman Republic lead to civil war. Pompey was decisively beaten by Caesar at the Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC, whereupon he fled to , where he was assassinated.

In the beginning, Pompey said he could defeat Caesar and raise armies merely by stamping his foot on the soil of Italy, but in the spring of 49 BC, Caesar crossed the Rubicon and his legions swept down the peninsula. Pompey abandoned Rome, and took his legions south towards Brundisium. Pompey intended build up his army, and wage war against Caesar in the east. Neither Pompey nor the Senate thought of taking the vast treasury with them, probably thinking Caesar would not dare take it for himself. It was left in the Temple of Saturn when Caesar and his forces entered Rome.

Barely escaping Caesar in Brundisium, Pompey crossed over into Epirus. There, during Caesar's Spanish campaign, Pompey had gathered a large force in Macedonia, with nine legions plus contingents from the Roman allies in the east. His fleet controlled the Adriatic. Nevertheless, Caesar managed to cross over into Epirus in November 49 BC, and captured Apollonia. 

Pompey fought Caesar at the Battle of Dyrrhachium (48 BC), in which Caesar lost 1000 men and Pompey lost 2000. Because he failed to pursue at the moment of Caesar's defeat, Pompey threw away the chance to destroy Caesar's much smaller army. As Caesar himself said, "Today the enemy would have won, if they had a commander who was a winner" (Plutarch, 65). 

According to Suetonius, it was at this point that Caesar said that "That man (Pompey) does not know how to win a war". With Caesar on their backs, the conservatives led by Pompey fled to Greece. Caesar and Pompey had their final showdown at the Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC. The fighting was bitter for both sides, and although Pompey was expected to win, due to advantage in numbers, the brilliant tactics and the superior fighting abilities of Caesar's veterans led to a victory for Caesar. Pompey met his wife Cornelia and his son Sextus Pompeius on the island of Mytilene. He then wondered where to go next. He ran to Egypt.

After he got to Egypt, Pompey's fate was decided by the advisors of the young king Ptolemy XIII. While Pompey waited offshore, they argued the cost of offering him refuge with Caesar already en route to Egypt; the king's eunuch Pothinus won out. According to Plutarch, Cornelia watched anxiously from the trireme as Pompey left in a small boat with a few comrades, and headed for a welcoming party on the Egyptian shore. As Pompey got off the boat, he was stabbed to death by men following the orders of Pothinus. 

Pompey died one day after his 59th birthday. His body remained on the shoreline, to be cremated by his loyal freeman Philip on the rotten planks of a fishing boat. His head and seal were presented to Caesar, who, according to Plutarch, mourned this insult to the greatness of his former ally. Caesar punished his assassins and their Egyptian co-conspirators, putting both Achillas and Pothinus to death. Pompey's ashes were eventually returned to Cornelia, who carried them to his country house near Alba. 

Cassius Dio describes Caesar's reactions with scepticism. He thinks Pompey's own political misjudgements, rather than treachery, was the cause of his downfall. In Appian's account of the civil war, Caesar has Pompey's severed head buried in Alexandria, in ground reserved for a new temple to the goddess Nemesis. The divine functions of Nemesis (~fate) included the punishment of hubris (pride). For Pliny, the humiliation of Pompey's end is contrasted to his oversized portrait-head, studded with pearls, and carried in procession during his greatest Triumph.

Roman Italy

Italia, under the Roman Republic and later Empire, was the name of the Italian peninsula.

Italia was the home of the capital of the Roman Empire - Rome itself.

400 years later the Empire was much larger, but on the point of collapse. In the last period the Empire was governed from Byzantium (Constantinople), not Rome.

Ramp

Ramp could mean:

Shift

Shift may mean:

Shift key

The shift key is a key on a computer keyboard. It is used to type capital letters (like this: "ABC") instead of lowercase ("abc").

The shift key is also used to type with keys that have more than one symbol on them, such as the number keys and those for punctuation marks. In this case it is used to type the "upper" characters, that is, the symbol that appear above the other. The symbol below does not need the shift key to be pressed. On an English keyboard, these are some of the characters that need the shift key to be pressed down in order to type them:

The way the shift key works is that it needs to be held down while the other key is pressed. Because of this, there are usually two shift keys, on the left and right sides of the keyboard, and they are held down using one of the little fingers while the other finger presses the other key.

Instead of using the shift key, one can also use the caps lock or shift lock keys. This lets one type many uppercase letters at once without having to hold down the shift key all the time.

2000 United States Census

The Twenty-Second United States Census, known as Census 2000 was a count of the population of the United States. It was done by the Census Bureau. It found that the population of the United States on April 1, 2000 was 281,421,906. This was an increase of 13.2% over the 248,709,873 people counted during the 1990 Census. This was the twenty-second federal census. It was the largest single administrative effort in the history of the United States that was not done during wartime.

About 16 percent of households received a "long form" of the 2000 census. It had over 100 questions.


Police procedural

A police procedural is a type of crime story. In a police procedural, the main characters are police officers. The story usually shows how they solve crimes with teamwork, using their specialised knowledge of criminals and the city or other area where they are.

Police procedurals have always been popular on television. Some of the best-known TV shows of this type are "Dragnet", "Law & Order", "Hill Street Blues", "NYPD Blue", "Criminal Minds" and "The Shield".

List of U.S. states by population density



Girth

Girth is the circumference of a cylindrical object, such as a tree trunk.

Girth is sometimes used by postal services and delivery companies as basis for pricing. For example, (for at least one delivery company), if one has a box to ship, it has three sides: length (the longest side) and height and width. The girth in this case is 2 * (height + width).

Circumference

In geometry, circumference is the distance around a closed curve; for example, a circle. It is a special kind of perimeter. The length of the circumference of a circle is often written as formula_1, with:
where "d" is the diameter of the circle.



Girth (tack)

A girth is a piece of equipment for riding a horse, used to keep the saddle in place.

Lusatian Neisse

The Lusatian Neisse is a river in the Czech Republic ("Lužická Nisa"), Germany ("Lausitzer Neiße") and Poland ("Nysa Łużycka"). It flows into the Oder and is part of the Oder-Neisse line.

Anton Rubinstein

Anton Rubinstein (born Vikhvatinets 28 November 1829; died Petershof 20 November 1894) was a Russian pianist and composer. Rubinstein and Franz Liszt were thought to be the greatest pianists of the 19th century. He was very important as a teacher and influenced many Russian musicians. He composed lots of music, although hardly any of it is heard nowadays. As a composer he is best remembered today by a little piece of piano music called “Melody in F”.

Rubinstein gave his first piano concert when he was ten. Between 1840 and 1843 his piano teacher took him on long concert tours of Europe. He met Chopin and Liszt and was received in London by Queen Victoria. Between 1844 and 1846 the family lived in Berlin. His friends there included Mendelssohn and Meyerbeer. 

In 1846 his father died and Anton went to Vienna where he gave piano lessons to try to earn some money. When he returned to Russia in 1848 the tsar’s sister-in-law let him live in her palace. He played for lots of parties. Often the tsar came.

In 1854 he toured Europe again. Then he returned to Russia. He wanted to improve music education in Russia so he started the Russian Musical Society and then he started the St Petersburg Conservatory. During his long career he spent many years as director of the Conservatory as well as conducting concerts.

He wrote a lot of music, but although his compositions often started off with good ideas they often become rather boring. His opera "Tom the fool" was not a success. He was annoyed and wrote an article in a music magazine saying that it was not possible to write operas using Russian stories. He criticized several composers who were writing music which used Russian folktunes. This included the composer Mily Balakirev and his friends who were called The Mighty Handful. He said that they had not learned how to compose properly.

Rubinstein very much wanted to be famous as a composer as well as a teacher, but this made him very narrow-minded. However, it was as a pianist and conductor that he was important. He helped to improve the standard of music making in Russia by teaching and performing, and by starting the conservatory in St Petersburg.

List of InuYasha characters

This is a list of characters for Rumiko Takahashi's manga and anime series, "InuYasha".

The eponymous and main character of the series. He is a half-demon ("han'yō" in Japanese). His father was a great demon general and the ruler of the western lands, and his mother was a human princess who opposed social standards. His father died the day he was born and his mother died when he was a child. He wields a sword Tessaiga, made from the fang. On a full moon for some nights, he reverts into a human. Inuyasha meets and spends time with Kikyo, while keeping the legendary jewel. Naraku drives Kikyo and Inuyasha into fighting for the jewel and hating each other. Kikyo pins Inuyasha on a sacred tree with an arrow. Fifty years later, Inuyasha awakens on the tree and meets Kagome. Together, they search for the jewel shards, after Kagome shatters it. As Inuyasha and Kagome begin their relationship, Naraku collects all pieces of the jewel. After Naraku's defeat, Inuyasha marries Kagome.

The heroine of the series. A high school student living in Tokyo and the reincarnation of Kikyo. On her fifteenth birthday, she is dragged by one of the demons in a well and ends up traveling to the past. She finds the jewel extracted from her body and frees Inuyasha from the spell. Kagome says the word, "sit", causing the magical necklace to make Inuyasha fall to the ground. As the series progresses, they begin their relationship. Kagome is an archer wielding arrows and a bow. After defeating Naraku, Inuyasha sends Kagome back to her own time. Three years later, Kagome graduates from high school, travels back to the past and marries Inuyasha.

The enemy demon lord responsible for making Kikyo hate Inuyasha. Fifty years before the series, Onigumo was a thief who is rescued by Kikyo. When Inuyasha makes a relationship for Kikyo, Onigumo fuses with an army of demons and becomes the lord of demons, naming himself Naraku. His spider mark appears on his back. Naraku tricks Inuyasha and Kikyo into hating each other while keeping the jewel, until they are defeated. It is also revealed that Naraku placed the Wind Tunnel curse on Miroku's grandfather, before the latter attempts to resist it. Naraku later possesses Kohaku and had the group of demon slayers killed in battle. When Naraku uses the pieces for the jewel to summon the army of incarnations, he gathers them back after Inuyasha and friends defeat them. At the end of the series, he is sent to the afterlife by Inuyasha.

A wise priestess and Kaede's sister. Fifty years ago, Kikyo meets InuYasha, before Naraku manipulates them into fighting each other and Kikyo dies from her injury. When a clay doll-maker named Urasue split the soul in half, one remains within Kagome and the other returns for Kikyo to recover her body. After Kikyo kills Urasue, she continues to reunite with Inuyasha, despite jealousy. After Naraku defeats Kikyo, he takes the remaining jewel shards. Inuyasha reconciles with Kikyo, before she dies once again, being vanished from existence.

A shape shifting fox demon. Although his age is not mentioned, he is five years old. After helping Inuyasha defeat the Thunder Brothers, Shippo plans to train and succeed for the exam.

A monk having habits against women. His hand is cursed by the power of Wind Tunnel like his father used it. Though Miroku cannot resist the poison, his hand is cured after Naraku's defeat. Three years later, he marries Sango and has three children.

A demon slayer and Kohaku's older sister. Her grandfather, father and brother lived in a village. Naraku, disguised as the Castle's Lord, drives the army into killing each other, leaving Sango and Kohaku. When Naraku uses the jewel shard to possess Kohaku, Sango resolves to save her brother. Three years after Naraku's defeat, Sango marries Miroku and has three children.

A pet cat demon often caring for Inuyasha and friends. She transforms into a flying lion during battle. She was originally owned by Midoriko.

Kikyo's sister and the leader of villagers. She identifies Kagome as Kikyo's reincarnation. She tells both of them that Kagome can see the jewel unlike other people, and because Inuyasha cannot see the jewel but is strong enough to fight for it, they can work together. She loves her sister more than anything. She wishes that Kikyo's soul would rest in peace, even Urasue resurrected her.

Sango's younger brother and a demon slayer. After losing his family, he is possessed by Naraku, while the jewel shard is located on his neck. After Naraku removes the shard, Kohaku realizes his mistake.

The leader of a wolf demon tribe whose goal is to avenge his comrades.

Inuyasha's older brother. He wields Tenseiga and Bakusaiga.

A wise imp whom Sesshōmaru recruited on his journey.

A orphaned girl whose family were killed by thieves. She later joins Sesshōmaru.

A priestess and a samurai. She had four souls, which could make anyone powerful. When she created the jewel and the demons begin to abuse it, she dies and is sent to the netherworld. Her statue appeared in a cave in Sango's village, where Shako found the jewel. Midoriko is last seen fighting countless demons, while Inuyasha rescues Kagome from the dimension.

Sango's grandfather and the owner of Kirara and Hiraikotsu. He finds the jewel in the cave and give it to Kikyo.

Two brothers who killed Shippo's parents. They include Hiten and Manten. They are defeated by Inuyasha.

Plane (tool)

A plane is a tool for shaping wood. Planes are used to flatten, reduce the thickness of, and impart a smooth surface to a rough piece of lumber. As the name implies, the tool turns the worked surface into a smooth plane, a level, even surface.

Hand planes are generally the combination of a cutting edge, such as a sharpened metal plate, attached to a firm body, that when moved over a wood surface, take up relatively uniform shavings, by nature of the body riding on the 'high spots' in the wood, and also by providing a relatively constant angle to the cutting edge, render the planed surface very smooth.

Hand planes are ancient, originating thousands of years ago. Early planes were made from wood and blades first from bronze and later from iron and even later from steel. The cutting blade or iron was held in place with a wooden wedge.

Two styles of plane are shown with some parts labeled. The top of the image is a bench plane; the bottom is a block plane.

Different types of bench planes are designed to perform different tasks, with the name and size of the plane being defined by the use. They are designed to be used in order:

Planes may also be classified by the material of which they are constructed:

Some special types of planes include:


Lumber

Lumber (or timber) is wood that has been cut for use in building.

Dimensional lumber is a term used in North America for lumber that is finished/planed and cut to standardized width and depth specified in inches.

Examples of common sizes are 2×4 (also two-by-four and other variants), 2×6, and 4×4. The length of a board is usually specified separately from the width and depth. It is thus possible to find 2×4s that are four, eight, or twelve feet in length. In the United States the standard lengths of lumber are 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, and 24 feet.

Outside North America sizes of timber vary slightly. Sizes are, in some cases, based on the imperial measurement and referred to as such; in other cases the sizes are too far removed from the imperial size to be referred to by imperial measurement. Lengths can be sold at every 300 mm (a metric approximation of 1'). Common sizes are similar to the North American equivalent; 2.4, 2.7, 3.0, 3.6, 4.2, 4.8, 5.4, 6.0. But also in running lengths, where each plank in a given packet is different, from 2500mm to 5500mm, though shorter and longer may be present.
In North America sizes for dimensional lumber made from hardwoods varies from the sizes for softwoods. Boards are usually supplied in random widths and lengths of a specified thickness, and sold by the board-foot (144 cubic inches).

Engineered lumber is lumber created by a manufacturer and designed for a certain structural purpose.



El Puerto de Santa María

El Puerto de Santa María (commonly called El Puerto) is a city on the banks of the Guadalete River in the province of Cádiz, Spain. As of the 2005 census, the city has 82,306 people. 50,000 of these people live in the urban center. The others live in the area around the urban center.

The city of El Puerto de Santa Maria is northeast of Cadiz across the Bay of Cadiz. It is best known for its ferry, El Vaporcito, which has been used for 76 years. It takes passengers to and from Cadiz to El Puerto.

In the Odyssey of Homer, legend says that, after the Trojan War, a Greek official named Menestheus escaped with his troops through the Straits of Gibraltar. They got to the Guadalete River and created a port. They called the port "Menestheus's port".

In 711, Arab (Moors) from the North of Africa invaded southern Spain. They changed the name to "Alcante" or "Alcanatif". The name means Port of Salt. They chose that name because of the old salt industry of Phoenicians and Romans.

In 1260, Alfonso X of Castile took the city from the Moors. He renamed it "Santa María del Puerto". 

Columbus began his second voyage to the New World from El Puerto. His pilot, Juan de la Cosa, created the first map of the world to include the coast of the New World in El Puerto in 1500. In the nineteenth century, the city became the General Headquarters for the French Army during the Spanish War of Independence under the reign of Joseph Bonaparte (1808–1813). The city is has much history, museums and monuments. It is also near the very historical cities of Seville and Cádiz.

El Puerto has a famous bull ring. It dates back to 1880. The bull ring has space for 15,000 to watch. Bull fighting is still enjoyed during the Feria season, which is during the month of August, and during the Feria de la Primavera, which is in early May. This Feria is dedicated to sherry. 180,0000 half bottles of sherry get drunk in 4 days. There are several bodegas in the town centre. All of these can be visited by the public. The most famous bodega is the Osborne and Terry Bodegas. They export sherry and brandy worldwide . In the cellars in El Puerto, sherry is made using the traditional method called “solera”. This method makes the pale dry sherries to the sweet Muscatel sherry, Amontillados and the older Olorosos.

El Puerto is a very good place to taste local tapas and seafood, for which it is famous. Food is an important reason why many tourists go to El Puerto de Santa Maria. The Bay of Cadiz is famous for its fresh fish. The fish and plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables lead to very good restaurant menus. There are many different types of places to eat all in walking distance in the town centre.


Bearing (mechanical)

A bearing is a device to permit fixed direction motion between two parts, typically rotation or linear movement. Bearings may be broadly grouped by the way they work. The most common of the many types are plain bearings and rolling-element bearings. 

The two main types of rolling-element bearings are ball bearings and roller bearings. In ball bearings, the rolling elements are spherical balls. In roller bearings, the rolling elements are cylindrical, taper or spherical rollers. Ball bearings are shown in the pictures. 


Bush (mechanical)

A bush is a mechanical fixing between two, possibly moving, parts, or a strengthened fixing point where one mechanical assembly is attached to another.

In a car or other vehicle's suspension, bushes are used to connect the various moving arms and pivot points to the chassis and other parts of the suspension. In machines, bushes provide mechanical strength to the rotor.


Suspension (vehicle)

Suspension is the term given to the system of springs, shock absorbers and linkages. The suspension acts as an intermediate between the car and the road and solves several problems: 


So a car suspension is not just a set of components for connecting wheels and body or frame, but a complex system that makes normal and comfortable movement on car driving.

Springs are elastic elements of a car suspension that work in conjunction with shock absorbers. The main functions of the springs are:

Shock absorbers, as a damping element of a modern suspension, convert vibrational energy into heat. The amount of energy absorbed depends on the mass of the car, the stiffness of the spring and the vibration frequency.
The principle of operation of dampers is based on the displacement of fluid by a piston through special holes. In various modes, fluid is displaced through openings of different diameters. Due to this, the oscillations are absorbed both during compression and during rebound. As a result, these car suspension parts provide:

Using these elements, the suspension parts are fastened together, and also the suspension is attached to the body or frame of the car. The fasteners can be either a regular bolted connection (like other types of rigid joints), or a connection using special elastic elements - rubber-metal hinges (or silent-blocks).


Suzuki method

The Suzuki method, (or Talent Education, or the Mother Tongue method, or the Suzuki movement) is a way of teaching. It teaches people to be morally better through a caring environment. It normally uses a musical instrument such as the violin or piano to do this. It can also use other musical instruments like the flute, recorder, piano, guitar, cello, viola, bass, organ, harp and voice. The Suzuki method uses the same environment that people have when they learn their mother-tongue. This means that each student sees and hears music and good moral character all of the time. Other people tell them that they will do well. The students learn one thing at a time. They learn new things when they are ready. The term "Suzuki method" is also used to mean only the Suzuki sheet music books and songs.

It was created in Japan in the mid-20th century by Dr. Shin'ichi Suzuki. He was a violinist who wanted to bring some beauty to the lives of children in his country after World War II. Dr. Suzuki saw that all children learn their own language very quickly. Even dialects which adults thought were hard to learn are spoken with ease by 5 or 6-year-old children. He thought that if a person can speak their mother tongue, then they can learn to play a musical instrument. He came up with the idea that any pre-school age child could begin to play the violin.

Just as a child learns to speak before reading, Suzuki students learn by ear and generally only learn to read sheet music at a much later age.

Suzuki students will always play with a "beautiful tone and a beautiful heart".


Pará

Pará is one of the states of Brazil. It is in the northern part of the country.

The capital city is Belém. Other cities include:

Constituent (linguistics)

In syntactic analysis, a constituent is a word or a group of words that functions as one unit within a hierarchical structure.

Phrases (noun phrases, verbal phrases, etc.) are usually constituents of a clause, but clauses may also be combined into a bigger structure. For example, in the phrase "I didn't hear what you said," the subordinate clause "what you said" is combined into the main clause and is syntactically its object; this can be demonstrated by substituting the pronoun "it" for the subordinate clause "I didn't hear it."

Spindle

Spindle could mean:

Spindle (textiles)

A spindle (sometimes called a drop spindle) is a wooden spike (or shaft) that has at one end a weight, mostly a circular whorl.

Sometimes it has a hook at either end of the spike. It is used for spinning wool and other fibres into thread. Spindles or parts of them have been found in very, very old archaeological sites; they may represent one of the earliest pieces of technology available to humankind.


Spike

Spike could mean:

Media with Spike in the title include:

A number of famous people are named Spike, including:
A number of fictional characters have been named Spike, including:

A number of cartoon dogs have been named Spike:

As a place name, Spike may refer to:

In sports, Spike may refer to:

Whorl

Whorl is a type of spiral pattern.

Other meanings of whorl include:

Flywheel

A flywheel is a heavy disk or wheel that is attached to a rotating shaft. Flywheels are used for storage of kinetic energy. The momentum of the flywheel causes it to not change its rotational speed easily. Because of this, flywheels help to keep the shaft rotating at the same speed. This helps when the torque applied to the shaft changes often. Uneven torque can change the speed of rotation. Because the flywheel resists changes in speed, it decreases the effects of uneven torque. Engines which use pistons to provide power usually have uneven torque and use flywheels to fix this problem.

It takes energy to get a wheel (any wheel) to rotate. If there is little friction (good bearings) then it will keep rotating a long time. When energy is needed, it can be taken from the wheel again. So it is a simple mechanical means of storing energy. The amount of energy stored is a function of the weight and the speed of rotation - making a heavier wheel rotate faster takes more energy. Another factor is the radius (size) because the farther from the axis a part of the wheel is, the more energy it takes to make is rotate. These three factors can be represented by M (mass), formula_1 (angular velocity), and R (radius). Combining the two equations below gives formula_1MR/4. A fly-wheel is not just any wheel, but specifically designed to store energy. So it should be heavy and/or rotate fast. For example, some buses have a fly-wheel that is used for stopping and starting. When the bus stops (e.g. for a traffic light), the fly-wheel is connected to the wheels, so the rotational energy is transferred to it, so the bus will slow down while the fly-wheel speeds up. Then, when the bus has to start driving again, it is connected again and the energy is transferred back. Of course, you wouldn't want to lug a heavy wheel around on a bus, so it is made of a lighter material that can withstand extremely fast rotation. 

The kinetic energy of a rotating flywheel is

Where the moment of inertia of center mass is equal to

where formula_5 is the moment of inertia of the mass about the center of rotation and formula_1 (omega) is the angular velocity in radian units. 

The flywheel has been used since ancient times, the most common traditional example being the potter's wheel. In the Industrial Revolution, James Watt contributed to the development of the flywheel in the steam engine, and his contemporary James Pickard used a flywheel.

In the world of venture capital, the term "flywheel" is used to represent the recurrent, margin-generating heart of a business.

Potter's wheel

A potter's wheel, also known as the potter's lathe, is a machine used in the shaping of round ceramic wares. 

However, the name potter's lathe is also used for the machine used for another shaping process, turning, which is similar to that used for the shaping of metal and wood articles. The wheel may also be used during the process of trimming excess body from dried wares and for applying incised decoration or rings of colour.
Many early ceramics were hand-built using a simple coiling technique in which clay body was rolled into long threads that were then pinched and beaten together to form the body of a vessel. In the coiling method of construction, all of the energy required to form the main part of a piece is supplied directly by the hands of the potter. This changed with the introduction of the fast-wheel, early forms of which used energy stored in the rotating mass of the heavy stone wheel itself. 

In Ancient Egyptian mythology, the god Chnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter's wheel.

The way in which clay is shaped on a potter's wheel seems, even today, to have a magical quality to it; the clay body has the appearance of being a living thing that is being created or shaped by the potter. The potter and clay have long served as a metaphor for creation, and for the relationship of God to humankind:

The "Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam" make sustained use of this metaphor. In FitzGerald's translation, a number of quatrains are collected into a "Book of Pots", in which the pots engage in theological speculation:

  And, strange to tell, among that Earthen Lot<br>
      Some could articulate, while others not:<br>
  And suddenly one more impatient cried–<br>
      “Who is the Potter, pray, and who the Pot?”<br>
  Another said–“Why, ne'er a peevish Boy,<br>
       “Would break the Bowl from which he drank in Joy;<br>
  “Shall He that made the vessel in pure Love<br>
      “And Fancy, in an after Rage destroy?”<br>
  None answer'd this; but after Silence spake<br>
      A Vessel of a more ungainly Make:<br>
  “They sneer at me for leaning all awry;<br>
      “What! did the Hand then of the Potter shake?”



Nikolai Rubinstein

Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein (born Moscow, 2 June 1835; died Paris, 23 March 1881) was a Russian pianist and composer. He was the younger brother of Anton Rubinstein and a close friend of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.

The Rubinstein family were middle-class Jewish people. Like his brother Anton, Nikolai soon showed great talent as a pianist. The family spent some time in Europe including three years in Berlin where they made friends with Mendelssohn and Meyerbeer.

Anton founded (started) the famous Conservatoire in St Petersburg where students could study music. Nikolai co-founded the Conservatoire in Moscow with Prince Nikolai Petrovitch Troubetzkoy. Both brothers were directors of the Conservatoires they had founded.

During his lifetime Nikolai Rubinstein was thought of as one of the greatest pianists of his time. As pianists the two brothers were very different. Anton was very fiery like Franz Liszt. Nikolai was quieter and more thoughtful, preferring lyrical Romantic music.

Anton liked to compose in the same way as composers from Western Europe. He was critical of Russian composers like Mily Balakirev and others from the group called The Mighty Handful who tried to make their music very Russian. Nikolai was much more broad-minded. He supported Balakirev and his group. He was a great friend of Tchaikovsky and encouraged him much more than his brother Anton had done. Nevertheless, he still criticised Tchaikovsky’s . He said he would not play it until Tchaikovsky had changed it. Tchaikovsky refused to change it. Years later Nikolai decided he liked it after all.

Although Nikolai wanted to be a successful composer he was aware that he was not a great one. When asked why he did not compose more he once replied that his brother “composed enough music for three”.

Nikolai died in Paris while on his way to Nice where he had wanted to improve his health. He always liked his food and on his deathbed he ate twelve oysters. Tchaikovsky wrote his "Piano Trio in A minor" in Rubinstein's memory.

Among his most popular works are his "Tarantella" in G minor and the "Fantasia on a Theme by Schumann", both for piano solo.

Okinawan language

The Okinawan language (沖縄口, "Uchināguchi") is a Ryukyuan language that is spoken in the Okinawa Islands of Japan.

Most linguists say that it branched off from Proto-Japonic, which is the ancestor of Japanese and the Ryukyuan languages. The Japanese government says Okinawan is a dialect of Japanese because of politics.

When a group of people called the Yayoi came into the Ryukyu Islands, they brought over a language called Proto-Japonic. This language over time turned into the modern Ryukyuan languages. Proto-Japonic was also spoken in mainland Japan, which turned into Japanese, meaning Japanese and the Ryukyuan languages are related/have the same origin.

Okinawan and other Ryukyuan languages were discriminated by Japan during the Meiji period, making the number of speakers go down. Before that, Okinawan was the official language of the Ryukyu Kingdom.

Okinawan belongs to the Ryukyuan languages. It is in the northern group with both Kunigami and Amami. Sometimes, Kunigami is listed as a dialect of Okinawan but that view is rare.

Most older Okinawans speak Okinawan while younger Okinawans speak Japanese. This is why UNESCO lists Okinawan and the other Ryukyuan languages as “endangered”, meaning it’s possible for the language to die out in the future.

There are many sound changes between Japanese (Standard) and Okinawan (Shuri-Naha variety):

Japanese “o” - Okinawan “u” (Okinawa = Uchinaa)

Japanese “k” - Okinawan “ch” (Okinawa = Uchinaa)

Japanese “mi” - Okinawan “nn” (minato = nnatu)

Similar sound changes are in other Ryukyuan languages. Kunigami also uses “u” instead of Japanese “o”.


Imbolc

Imbolc is a festival belonging to Brigid, the Celtic goddess who, in later times, became famous as a Christian saint. Her festival on February 1 or 2 was known as "Imbolc" or "Oimelc". "Imbolc" or "Imbolg" means 'in the belly' - bol meaning belly in Welsh and bolg meaning belly in Irish Gaelic - refers to the pregnant ewes. "Oimelc" Gaelic refers to the lactation of the ewes. Lactation is the flow of milk that happens when the baby lambs are born in the spring, and Gaelic languages are those spoken in countries like Ireland and Scotland.

Imbolc was, and still is, a time to celebrate that winter would soon be over. Sometimes in Ireland, the first flowers are coming up at the time of this festival, even when there is still snow on the ground.

Later, the Roman Catholic Church replaced this festival with Candlemas Day on February 2, a day that now belongs to the Virgin Mary. On this day, people may have ceremonies or processions by candlelight - walking together in the dark, with the only light coming from candles they carry. The may also sing songs to Brigid, or say poems or prayers to her.

In both Pagan and Christian celebrations, Brigid is celebrated as a powerful female figure, who brings light, inspiration, and healing to the world.

Baseball (ball)

A baseball is a ball used in the sport of the same name, baseball. It is between 9 inches (22.9 cm) and 9¼ inches (23.5 cm) in circumference (around). The ball weighs 8 ounces. Different size balls may be used in children's leagues. 

The balls can be made in many different, but similar ways. The center of most balls is cork, rubber, or a mixture of the two. It is sometimes layered. Yarn and twine and sometimes wool are wrapped around the center core. A leather cover is put on, in two pieces, and stitched together using 108 stitches of waxed red cotton thread. Official Major League balls sold by Rawlings are made to the exact MLB specifications (5 ounces, 108 stitches).

Pitcher (disambiguation)

Pitcher can mean several things. 


Battle of Worcester

The Battle of Worcester was the final battle of the English Civil War. Oliver Cromwell and the Parliamentarians defeated the Royalist, mainly Scottish, forces of King Charles II on September 3, 1651 at Worcester, England. The 16,000 Royalist forces were defeated by the 28,000 strong "New Model Army" of Cromwell. 


James Marsters

James Marsters (born August 20, 1962) is an American guitarist, singer, comic book writer, audiobook narrator, and actor. He is known for playing the part of Spike on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

<br>

Emma Caulfield

Emma Caulfield (born Emma Chukker in San Diego, California on April 8, 1973) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as ex-demon Anya on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". 


Michelle Trachtenberg

Michelle Christine Trachtenberg (born October 11, 1985) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for her role as Dawn Summers from the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Trachtenberg was born in New York City, New York. She is of Russian Jewish descent on her mother's side of the family.

Trachtenberg has been acting since 1988 at the age of three. She has acted in several television shows and many movies. 


Summer Glau

Summer Glau (born July 24, 1981 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American dancer and actress. She is best known for playing as River Tam in the science fiction television series "Firefly" and movie "Serenity".

Glau has appeared in several other series and movies including:

In February 2007, it was announced that Glau would be playing a role of Cameron Phillips in "The Sarah Connor Chronicles", a spin-off of the Terminator series of movies. This character is a Terminator infiltration unit sent back to protect John Connor and Sarah Connor from Skynet.

Summer Glau has been in a relationship with Cooper Gross. She is currently married to Val Morrison and has two children.



Band (anthropology)

In anthropology, bands are the tiniest societies, consisting typically of 5-80 people, most or all of them close relatives by birth or by marriage. In effect, a band is an extended family or several related extended families. Today, autonomous bands are almost confined to the most remote parts of New Guinea and Amazonia, but there were many others that have only recently fallen under state control or been assimilated or exterminated. They include many or most African Pygmies, southern African San hunter-gatherers (so-called Bushmen), Aboriginal Australians, Eskimos (Inuit), and Native Americans of some resource-poor areas of the Americas such as Tierra del Fuego and the northern boreal forests; all these modern bands are or were nomadic hunter-gatherers rather than settled food producers. Until at least 40,000 years ago, probably all humans lived in bands, and most still did as recently as 11,000 years ago. 

Bands have no permanent single base of residence, instead land is used jointly by the whole group, as opposed to being partitioned among subgroups or individuals. There is no regular economic specialization, except by age and sex: all able-bodied individuals forage for food. There are no formal institutions, such as laws, police, and treaties, to resolve conflicts within and between bands. Organization is often described as "egalitarian" in the sense that there is no formalized social stratification into upper and lower classes, no formalized or hereditary leadership, and no formalized monopolies of information and decision making. However, this definition of egalitarian should not be taken to mean that there is equality in prestige and the decision-making process among band members. Instead "leadership" should be thought of as informal and acquired through qualities such as personality, strength, intelligence, and fighting skills.

Our closest biological relatives, the gorillas and chimpanzees and bonobos of Africa, also live in bands. All humans presumably did so too, until improved technology for extracting food allowed some hunter-gatherers to settle in permanent dwellings in some resource-rich areas. The band is the political, economic, and social organization that we inherited from our millions of years of evolutionary history. Our developments beyond it took place within the last few tens of thousands of years.

Infertility

Infertile means not able to have children or other offspring. Humans can be infertile, but animals and plants can too. When a human couple is infertile, they sometimes have fertility treatment to have children. This can be insemination or IVF. They also sometimes adopt a child.



Betrayal (disambiguation)

Betrayal can mean:


Betrayal

Betrayal is when a person breaks the trust and faith of others that trust them. 

In an article made by Rodger L. Jackson, it says that "there is not much definition for this word". In psychology, they say betrayal is the breaking of a social (friendship) related things. But for some people, for example, philosophers called Judith Shklar and Peter Johnson, a person can understand the word better by literature (writings).

Betrayal trauma happens when someone that a person trusts betrays their trust, and it messes up their memory because of anger. An example of betrayal trauma is childhood physical or childhood problems. Betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder. The difference is that post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is made by fear. Betrayal trauma makes a person fight, and also get into serious crimes for example, discrimination or bullying.

Destruction

Destruction may refer to:


Crane (machine)

A crane is a lifting machine that has hoists, wire ropes and sheaves on it. It can be used both to raise and lower things or to move them left and right. Cranes are often used in the construction industry (building houses or buildings) and in creating or moving heavy things. 


Data mining

Data mining is a term from computer science. Sometimes it is also called knowledge discovery in databases (KDD). Data mining is about finding new information in a lot of data. The information obtained from data mining is hopefully both new and useful. 

In many cases, data are stored so they can be used later. The data are saved with a goal. For example, a store wants to save what has been bought. They want to do this to know how much they should buy themselves, to have enough to sell later. Saving this information, makes a lot of data. The data are usually saved in a database. The reason data are saved is called the first use. 

Later, the same data can also be used to get other information that was not needed for the first use. The store might want to know now what kind of things people buy together when they buy at the store. (Many people who buy pasta also buy mushrooms for example.) That kind of information is in the data, and is useful, but was not the reason the data were saved. This information is new and can be useful. It is a second use for the same data. 

Finding new information that can also be useful from data is called data mining. 

For data, there are a lot of different kinds of data mining for getting new information. Usually, prediction is involved. There is uncertainty in the predicted results. The following is based on the observation that there is a small green apple in which we can structurally adjust our data. 

Some kinds of data mining are: 

Japanese sword-making

Japanese schools of sword making can be divided into two categories: by the provinces where they were developed and by the masters who created a specific tradition of sword making.

The late Kamakura period is often referred to as the greatest period of sword making in Japanese history. The Soshu tradition was one of the dominant traditions. Smiths like Kunitsuna and Sukezane combined their knowledge with methods from Yamashiro and Bizen traditions. Finally, a group of famous sword smiths culminated with Masamune (1264-1343 AD) and his school.

The rare swords were made out of five separate pieces and heat-treated at high temperatures. The swords of the Masamune School were harder than any of the swords made before. Masamune trained a group of at least ten followers. Two of his students (Kanemitsu and Nagayoshi) were from the Bizen province. In this way, during the early 14th century, the Masamune school attracted many smiths from other schools. Kanemitsu is believed to be the one who created the Soden School, which combined Bizen and Soshu techniques. 

At the same time Chogi was developing his school. The Chogi works show a stronger influence of the Soshu tradition than Kanemitsu swords.


There are several famous schools created by sword masters:







Ornamental plant

An ornamental plant is decorative: it is grown for how it looks, and not for other values. The term is often shortened to ornamental, used as a noun

Ornamental plants are plants that are grown for decoration. They are on display in gardens, landscapes and inside houses. They can be used indoors as cut flowers or potted plants. The cultivation of ornamental plants comes under floriculture and tree nurseries, which is a major branch of horticulture.

Ornamental plants are usually grown in the flower garden, or as house plants. They are usually grown for the display of their flowers. Other common ornamental features include leaves, scent, fruit, stem and bark. In all cases, their purpose is for the enjoyment of gardeners and visitors. Ornamental plants may be used for landscaping, and for cut flowers. The cultivation, called floriculture, is a major branch of horticulture. 

Ornamental plants come in a range of shapes, sizes and colours suitable to a broad array of climates, landscapes, and gardening needs. They are also often chosen for specialised looks or feels in landscape gardening.

Darwin was deeply interested in plants all his life. Several of his books are on plant physiology, and orchids were a passion for him.

Outstanding gardens can be an attraction for visitors. The white garden at Sissinghurst Castle was created by poet and writer Vita Sackville-West (18921962), and is still bringing in the paying visitors.


List of garden plants

This is a partial list of garden plants, plants that can be cultivated in the garden, listed alphabetically by genus.

See also:


List of plants by common name

The common names of plants often vary from region to region, which is why most plant encyclopedias refer to plants using binomials, or "Latin" names. Common names are also referred to as "country names" or "farmer's names". These names develop over time according to use, appearance, and lore.

Most plants have several country names, and country names often refer to several distinct plants. This list includes garden plants as well as weeds.

This is by no means a complete list. Most of the common names here so far are regional names from North America.
__notoc__

Celts

The Celts were a large group of Caucasian tribes in Europe. They first appeared in the early Iron Age, around 1200 B.C. in Austria. The name 'Celt' comes from the Greeks. The Romans called them "Gauls". They came from the Hallstatt and La Tène cultures. Their culture and genes spread through much of Europe, and by the time the Greeks and later the Romans started emerging, the British Isles and parts of western, southern and eastern Europe were Celtic - the most prominent Celtic tribes were in Gaul. The Celts spoke Celtic languages. Today, the Celtic languages that remain are the Breton, Cornish, Welsh and Gaelic languages.

Celtic society and technology, although not as advanced as the Romans, was far from being primitive for its time. The Celts lived a way of life based on ethical codes and honor codes and had developed a culture of their own, full of unique drawings, sculptures, jewellery, folklore, and building designs and techniques. They were also skilled in blacksmithing, farming and diplomacy.

Celtic warriors would wear war paint and try to scare their enemies by shouting war cries. Tribes had different dress standards for battle; some warriors wore chainmail and/or leather armor, some wore only clothes and some were known to fight fully naked. They also had their own type of sword that was very strong and a shield that was very protective. 

When the Roman Republic started expanding, the Gauls and the Romans became very hostile towards each other and clashed on many occasions; however, the Romans were eventually able to defeat them and ended up conquering most of the Celtic tribes in Europe and ruled them until the fall of the Western Roman Empire. Celtic tribes also fought among each other. After winning a battle, the Celts would cut off the heads of their enemies and take them home.

During the fall of the Roman Empire most of the old Celtic land ended up being ruled by migrating Germanic tribes and they merged with Romano-Celtic stock (people with both Roman and Celtic ancestry) to eventually form several European nations of today e.g. Portugal, Spain, France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg as well as Southern and Western Germany. Territories that are still considered Celtic are Ireland, Wales, Scotland, Isle of Man, Cornwall and Brittany. 

Free good

In economics free good means a good that is available without production, and therefore not scarce. It is available in as much quantity as desired, with zero opportunity cost to society.

A good that is made available at zero price is not necessarily a free good. For example, a shop might give away its stock in its promotion, but for the production of these goods, resources were needed, so this would not be a free good in an economic sense.

There are three main types of free goods:




Intellectual property laws have the effect of converting some goods to scarce goods by law. Although these goods are free goods (in the economic sense) when they have been produced, they did require scarce resources, such as artistic skill, to create them in the first place. Thus, intellectual property laws such as copyrights and patents are sometimes used to give exclusive rights to the creators of such "intellectual property", to make sure that people are interested in these activities.

Many futurists theorize that advanced nanotechnology with the ability to automatically turn any kind of material into any other combination of equal mass, will make all goods essentially free goods, since all raw materials and manufacturing time will become perfectly interchangeable.

Hoist

A hoist is a device used for lifting or lowering a load by means of a drum or lift-wheel around which rope or chain wraps. It may be manually operated, electrically or pneumatically driven and may use chain, fiber or wire rope as its lifting medium. The load is attached to the hoist by means of a lifting hook.

A "hoist" normally is used for lifting (near vertical) and a winch is normally used for pulling (near horizontal).

Construction sites, especially for buildings of more than five floors in height, often employ hoists to lift workers and building materials.

The basic hoist has two important characteristics to define it: Lifting medium and power type. The lifting medium is either wire rope, wrapped around a drum, or load-chain, raised by a gear-like wheel. The power type can be either electric motor or air motor. Both the wire rope hoist and chain hoist have been in common use since the 1800s.


Eugene Onegin (opera)

Eugene Onegin ("Евгений Онегин" in Russian) is an opera by Pyotr Tchaikovsky. It is usually thought to be his greatest opera and one of the best of all Russian operas. Tchaikovsky finished composing it in 1878 and it was first performed in Moscow in 1879.

The story of "Eugene Onegin" was written by Alexander Pushkin. He was Russia’s most famous writer and Tchaikovsky made several of his stories into operas. He was careful not to make the opera too long, and chose several chapters from Pushkin’s original book so that the story sometimes jumps from one time to a time much later. Russian operas are quite often like this: they are a series of “tableaux”, i.e. scenes from a story. Sometimes the audience has to imagine what happens between the acts.


Act 1
Tatyana is a young girl who comes from a rich family. She is with her younger sister Olga. Tatyana is reading a novel, but her mother, Madame Larina, tells her that real life is very different from what it is in books. Visitors arrive: Olga’s fiancée Lensky who is a young poet, and his friend Eugene Onegin. Onegin is a rather lazy man who likes to go to parties and socialize. Tatyana immediately feels attracted to him.

Back in her room Tatyana tells her nurse that she is in love. When she is alone she writes a letter to Onegin saying how she loves him. When the nurse returns Tatyana asks her to make sure the letter is sent to Onegin.

Onegin returns to give Tatyana an answer to her letter. He says very politely that he is not really suited to marriage. Tatyana is very upset.
Act 2
It is Tatyana's name-day party. Onegin is annoyed that people are gossiping about him and Tatyana. He is cross with Lensky for making him come. He decides to make Lensky cross by dancing with his fiancée Olga. Olga likes this, and Lensky is very jealous. A singer entertains the party by singing a song in honour of Tatyana. Lensky is now furious and tells everyone in a loud voice that he is no longer Onegin’s friend. He challenges Onegin to a duel which Onegin has to accept to keep his honour. 

In the next scene Lensky is waiting for Onegin, and sings a famous song about his fate and his love for Olga. Onegin arrives. Onegin shoots Lensky dead.
Act 3

The next act takes place several years later. A rich nobleman in St Petersburg is having a ball. Onegin is thinking about his empty life and how bad he feels about Lensky’s death. Prince Gremin enters with his wife, Tatyana, who is now older and still very beautiful and wealthy. Gremin sings how happy he is with Tatyana and introduces Onegin to her (he does not know anything about how Tatyana used to love him). Onegin desperately wants her to love him again.

In a reception room Tatyana has had a letter from Onegin. Onegin enters and begs her to love him. Tatyana wonders why he is now in love with her. She says she loves him but that she wants to be faithful to her husband. Onegin keeps begging her but in the end she leaves him. Onegin is left in despair.


"Eugene Onegin" is often described as a “lyrical” opera. The melodies are very beautiful and romantic. Two of the most famous arias in the opera are the aria that Tatyana sings when she writes the letter to Onegin, and Lensky’s aria which he sings just before the duel. Tatyana is sung by a soprano, Lensky is a tenor and Eugene Onegin is a baritone.

Basingstoke

Basingstoke is a large town in Hampshire, England. It is southwest of London, northeast of Southampton, southwest of Reading and northeast of Winchester. In 2008 it had an estimated population of 82,913. It is part of the borough of Basingstoke and Deane. Basingstoke is often nicknamed "Doughnut City" or "Roundabout City" due to the number of roundabouts.

Often mistaken for a "new town", Basingstoke is an old market town expanded in the 1960s as part of a plan of London County Council, Hampshire County Council and Basingstoke Borough Council. It was developed fast to accommodate part of the London 'overspill' as seen in the Greater London Plan, 1944.

Flerovium

Flerovium is a synthetic chemical element also known as eka-lead. It has the symbol Fl and has the atomic number 114. It is a radioactive superheavy element. 

Flerovium does not exist in nature. It is made from a nuclear reaction between plutonium and calcium. The reaction that happens is a fusion reaction.

It currently has no use at the moment as it is being researched right now.

The discovery of Flerovium in December 1998 was reported in January 1999 by scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia. The same team of scientists made another isotope of Fl three months later and made it again in 2004 and 2006.

In 2004 in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research checked it was made by another method. They found the final products of radioactive decay.

After its discovery, the "new" element was named "ununquadium". The named changed on May 30th, 2012 to "flerovium". It was named for the Flerov Laboratory of Nuclear Reactions, which was named for Russian physicist Georgy Flyorov. The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry named it so.

Not enough Flerovium has been made to measure its physical or chemical properties. It is thought that it would be a soft, dense metal that changes colour in air. It may have a low melting point of about 200 °C.

Flerovium can be made by bombarding a plutonium-244 target with calcium-48 as a beam of ions.

According to the nuclear shell model, the undiscovered neutron-rich nucleus Fl may be a doubly magic nucleus, atop the shell closure at N=184. It is predicted that this atom, amid the closed nuclear shells, expected to have longer half-lives for alpha decay and spontaneous fission. However using the fusion-evaporation method to produce this nuclide is impractical, since more neutron-rich starting materials with low proton numbers are unstable due to beta decay.

Estimates for half-lives for this atom range from a few minutes to several billion years. 


Brontosaurus

Brontosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur. 

"Brontosaurus" was originally named by its discoverer Othniel Charles Marsh in 1879. "Brontosaurus" had long been considered a junior synonym of "Apatosaurus". Its only species was reclassified as "A. excelsus" in 1903. 

However, an extensive study published in 2015 concluded that "Brontosaurus" was a valid genus of sauropod distinct from "Apatosaurus".

"Brontosaurus" is a member of the family Diplodocidae, a clade of gigantic sauropod dinosaurs. The family includes some of the longest creatures ever to walk the earth, including "Diplodocus", "Supersaurus", and "Barosaurus". "Brontosaurus" is closely related to "Apatosaurus" in the subfamily Apatosaurinae.

Fate

Fate or destiny is the idea that the future is already planned even if people do not know what their fate is (what is going to happen to them). Humans in nearly all cultures have had ideas about their fate being “predetermined” (fixed in advance).

People who live unhappy lives may believe that their misery is because of their fate and that they can do nothing about it. This is called being “fatalistic”. Other people may believe that they can control their fate by being brave and trying to “overcome” fate by improving themselves and their lives.

In Greek mythology there were three Fates. They were three goddesses who determined when every person was going to be born, how they would live and when and how they would die. Human beings in many cultures had lots of ways in which they would try to “read” their fate (know what would happen to them). Sometimes they would try to read their fate in the stars (this is called astrology). In other cultures they might ask a person with powers of magic like a shaman. The Ancient Greeks often went to Delphi to ask the oracle.

There are lots of references to fate in literature from almost every country and period, from Greek tragedy (e.g. Oedipus Rex) to Shakespeare (e.g. Macbeth) and Russian literature.

Composers may express fate in music. Beethoven was thinking about Fate when he wrote his Fifth Symphony, and Tchaikovsky when he wrote his Sixth Symphony just before he committed suicide.

See also:

August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben

August Heinrich Hoffmann (April 2, 1798 - January 19, 1874), who used Hoffmann von Fallersleben as his pen name, was a German poet. He is best known for writing "Das Lied der Deutschen", which is now the national anthem of Germany, and a number of popular children's songs.

Lake Peipus

Lake Peipus (Estonian: "Peipsi-Pihkva järv", German: "Peipussee", Russian: "Чудско-Псковское озеро") is a large fresh water lake. It is between Estonia and Russia in Northern Europe. Lake Peipus is the fourth largest lake in Europe. The lake covers 3,500 square kilometres. It has an average depth of 7m. At its deepest point, Lake Peipus is 15m deep. The lake is used for fishing and recreation.

Tanto

The Tantō is a Japanese short sword or dagger.

The tantō's traditional overall length was 11.93 in (1 shaku, about 30 cm). The blade's length was about 5in to 12in (12 1/2 cm to 30 cm). Blades that were bigger (13 to 14 inches) were called ko-wakizashi, meaning "small short sword." The tantōs which varied from the traditional size were called O-tantō or Sunobi tantō.

The tantō was a weapon with a single-edged blade and a curved shape. It was designed for soft targets and was thought to be a hidden weapon of the samurai. It was extremely effective in close fighting.

The tantō appeared during the Heian Period (795-1192 A.D.) and developed as a weapon during the Kamakura Period (1192-1333 A.D.). At that time the tantō was not just a weapon but also a work of art. It was richly decorated using the most spread styles: hira-tsukuri and uchi-sori. Later, in the Nambokucho period (1336-1392 A.D), tantōs become longer than 15.75 inches (37 cm). Blades become thinner and broader and thus even more dangerous. Different styles developed and the shape changed. During the Muromachi Period (1336–1573 A.D.) the tantō becomes once more narrow-bladed.

By this time the quality of the blade was better. It was the time when professional smiths appeared and there were several styles of tantō making. The best known smiths were: Sukesada and Norimitsu (Bizen-den); Kanemoto and Kanesada (Mino-den); Muramasa and Masashige (Ise). The beginning of Edo period (1603-1867 A.D.) was a period of relative peace after Japanese unification and, although not so many were made, they were of good quality. The heat treated blade's edge (hamon) becomes more waved and so more beautiful.

A great number of tantōs were made in the last 700 to 800 years. Some of them were for civil use. Others were made especially for samurai. One of the classifications is based on the hand guard type:

The most popular of the three tantōs were aikuchi and hamadashi. This was because of the fact that these two types had a small guard and they were easier to hide and carry. The tantō was not widely used on the battlefield, so the guard was mostly unnecessary.

Other styles of tantō differed by the shape of the blade. The best known are:

When the tantō was used on the battlefield it was supposed to go through the armor of the opponent when he was close. The best tantōs for this were those with a long, narrow blade and with a thick spine. The blow was applied with the point directed under or through the armor. The tantō was usually carried in a wide cloth belt (obi) with the edge up and the handle turned to the right. In the samurai house the tantō was often placed with the wakizashi (short sword). Samurai women were taught to use the tantō in case they needed to defend themselves or, if violated, to take their own life.

It is also considered that tantōs of different type were used for suicide ritual (seppuku, also hara-kiri). Still, it was mainly used by women samurai whose suicidal ritual was to cut their own throat. The men samurai had a different ritual: they used a wakizashi sword for disembowelment.



Clint Dempsey

Clint Dempsey (born March 9, 1983) is an American footballer from Texas. He plays for Sounders F.C.and is number 2 and, has also played for Fulham F.C. and was number 8. He played for the New England Revolution in the United States before Fulham gave them money (a "transfer fee") to get him to play for them, but then was put on Sounders F.C. Dempsey is a good player who is well liked by many people in the United States and England for his hard work and desire to win.

New England Revolution

Fulham

Seattle Sounders FC

United States

Individual

Runaway Brain

Runaway Brain is an animated short movie released on September 22, 1934 by MGM/United Artists. It was produced by Walt Disney and directed by Burton Gillett. The movie is 7 minutes long. It has Peter Penguin, Polly Penguin, Gosalyn Mallard, Honker Muddlefoot, Bubba the Caveduck, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, Magica De Spell, and Poe De Spell.


Maltese language

Maltese is the language of Malta, and a language of the European Union. Maltese sounds similar to the Phoenician language that was spoken in areas around the ancient Mediterranean. It is written in the Latin alphabet like English. Maltese descends from a dialect of Arabic called Siculo-Arabic. The language has borrowed many words from Sicilian, Italian, and English. Around 393,000 people speak Maltese. Most of them live in Malta.

Many people from Sicily settled in Malta after the Muslims conquered it in 870 AD. They spoke a Sicilian-Arabic language from the Maghreb. In later centuries their language changed into Maltese. The oldest known document in Maltese is "Il Cantilena," a poem from the 15th century written by Pietro Caxaro. For centuries, Maltese was mainly a spoken language.

Maltese became an official language of Malta in 1934, alongside English. Before that year, the only official language of Malta was Italian. Italian, however, is still used a lot in the media.

Italian and English words are being taken in by the language more and more. This sometimes causes words to form that are not found in Maltese, Italian, or English, but instead are a mix of the three. At schools, English is taught as a second language. Maltese is usually used in the standardized jobs and when people talk to each other. Most of the television, radio, and literature in Malta is also in Maltese.

Persuasion

Persuasion is a form of influence. It is the way to get people to agree with an idea, attitude, or action by rational and emotional means. It is a problem-solving strategy and relies on "appeals" rather than force.

Dissuasion is the process of convincing someone "not" to believe or act on something.


Aids to persuasion:

Other techniques, which may or may not work:

Coercive techniques, some of which are highly controversial and/or not scientifically proven to be effective:

Ögedei Khan

Ögedei (1186-1241) was the third son of Genghis Khan and second Great Khan of the Mongol Empire, after his father. He continued to make his father's empire bigger. Like all of Genghis' sons, he helped to conquer Western China and Central Asia. 

Ögedei was thought to be his father's favorite son, ever since his childhood. As an adult, Ögedei was known to be persuasive in debates he was involved because he had a strong personality. Despite his drinking habits, he was intelligent and steady in character.

He was selected as the supreme khan in 1229 because of the kuriltai, the meeting for important leaders, which was held after Genghis' death, but it was never doubted that Genghis wanted Ögedei to rule after him. During his reign, the Mongols ended the Jin Dynasty (in 1234) and fought against the Southern Song Empire. In 1235, under the khan's direct command, the Mongols began a war of conquest that would not end for forty-five years, and would result in the addition of all of China. Mongol armies established permanent control of Persia (commanded by Chormagan) and expanded westward under the command of Batu Khan to take over Russia.

Heligoland

Heligoland (; ) is a small German group of islands in the North Sea..

It has been controlled by Denmark and between 1807 and 1890 by the British. The islands have a population of 1,650. They are the only German islands not nearby to the mainland and are about two hours' sailing time from Cuxhaven at the mouth of the River Elbe.

Heligoland is located 70 km (44 miles) from the German coast line and actually consists of two islands: the populated triangular-shaped 1 km² (0.4 sq mi) main island () to the west and the island of "Düne" (Heligolandic: "de Halem") in the east. 

Düne is the smaller of the two islands(0.7 km²). It is also lower, surrounded by sand beaches and no-one lives on the island throughout the year.

Often when people talk about "Heligoland" they only mean Hauptinsel.


Cooperation

Cooperation is when people work together to make their lives better, even though they are free to not work together, and receive little if any money for working together. Organizations made for cooperation are known as cooperatives.

Robert F. Kennedy

Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy (November 20, 1925 – June 6, 1968), also called RFK, was an American politician. He is the brother of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy, who was killed during riding in a presidential motorcade through Dealey Plaza nearly five years ago.

Kennedy ran for president in 1968, but was shot multiple times by Sirhan Sirhan in California during the presidential primaries on June 5, 1968. He died during the operation to remove the bullet and bone fragments from his brain on the next day.


Umbilical cord

The umbilical cord is the tube that connects the unborn child and the mother together. It allows the baby to get what it needs, for example, blood, oxygen and glucose.

Josef Mengele

Josef Rudolf Mengele or better known as Doctor Josef Mengele (March 16, 1911 – February 7, 1979) was a German Nazi SS officer and a physician in the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz. He worked at Auschwitz with Rudolf Höss, the Nazi Commandant of Auschwitz . 

During the first years of World War II Mengele served as a medical officer in the Waffen-SS. After being wounded and recovered in 1942, he went working at the Race and Resettlement Office in Berlin. In 1943 he volunteered for concentration camp Auschwitz.

He conducted cruel medical experiments on the people in the camps. Many people died as a consequence of these experiments. The experiments included freezing and placing subjects under heat lamps. 

Mengele was also known for his studies and fascination with twins. Mengele was known as the "Angel of Death." 

After the war, he first hid in Germany, then escaped and lived in South America, until he drowned in Brazil.

Mengele wrote a thesis, which he finished in 1936. His advisor was Theodor Mollison. His assumption was that it was possible to determine the race of a human being by looking at the jawbone. He wrote another thesis, in a related area in 1938. In 1960 and 1961, his title was revoked, because of the crimes he had committed in Auschwitz.

Promotions and Ranks in the SS (1940-1945)

SS-Untersturmfuhrer (Second Lieutenant) ; 1940-1942

SS-Obersturmfuhrer (First Lieutenant) ; 1942-1943

SS-Hauptsturmfuhrer (Captain) ; 1943-1945


Francis I of Austria

Francis I, Emperor of Austria (12 February 1768 – 2 March 1835) also was Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor (in German language: Franz II, Heiliger Römischer Kaiser).

He was the last Holy Roman Emperor, ruling from 1792 until August 6, 1806, when the empire was no longer a unit. He then became Francis I, first Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary,Bohemia and Croatia from 1804 to 1835). He fought in the Napoleonic Wars .


Wilhelm I of Germany

Kaiser Wilhelm I (Wilhelm Friedrich Ludwig von Hohenzollern; 22 March 1797 – 9 March 1888) of the Hohenzollern family was a king of Prussia from January 2, 1861 – 9 March 1888. He was the first German Emperor (18 January 1871 – 9 March 1888). In English, his first name means "William", which is sometimes used instead.

Because his brother Frederick William IV of Prussia had a stroke in 1857, Wilhelm became Prince Regent and actual ruler. His brother died in 1861 and Wihelm became King. When Wilhelm was king of Prussia, he and his prime minister, Otto von Bismarck, worked on the unification of Germany, from a large group of smaller German countries. Winning the Franco-Prussian War allowed the start of the German Empire.

His grandson Wilhelm II ordered the Kaiser Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche to be built to honour his life and achievements.

His official title was German Emperor and King of Prussia; Margrave of Brandenburg; Burgrave of Nürnberg, Count of Hohenzollern; Sovereign and highest Duke of Silesia as of the county of Glatz; Grand Duke of the Lower Rhine and of Posen; Duke of Saxony, Wesphalia, and Angaria, of Pomerania, Lüneburg, Holstein and Schleswig, of Magdeburg, Bremen, Gelders, Cleves, Jülich and Berg, as well as of the Wendes and Kaschubs, of Krossen, Lauenburg, Mecklenburg; Landgrave of Hesse and Thuringia, Margrave of Upper and Lower Lusatia, Prince of Orange, Prince of Rügen, of East Frisia, of Paderborn and Pyrmont, of Halberstadt, Münster, Minden, Osnabrück, Hildesheim, of Verden, Kammin, Fulda, Nassau and Moers; Princely Count of Henneberg; Count of the Mark and of Ravensberg, of Hohnstein, Tecklenburg and Lingen, of Mansfeld, Sigmaringen and Veringen, Lord of Frankfurt", and Josseppi Longo. .


Amami Islands

The is a group of islands in Kagoshima prefecture in the Kyūshū region of Japan. It is also known as the .

The name of the islands comes from the mythological figure of "Amamiko".

It was attacked by the Ryūkyū Kingdom in 1570, but was invaded by Satsuma Domain in 1609.

Amami was occupied by the United States from 1945 to 1953.

The native people of the Amami Islands are the Amami people, who are a subgroup of a larger Ryukyuan ethnicity.

The Amami language belongs to the Ryukyuan languages, all of which are endangered because in the past, Japan suppressed them. This is also why most younger Amamians speak Japanese instead, as it was enforced in schools.

The largest island in the group is Amami Island. Other islands include Kikai Island, Tokunoshima, Okinoerabu Island, Yorontou and some small islands make up the Amami Islands.


Kagoshima

Kagoshima can mean a few things:


Formal

Formal is a word used to describe anything that has form or structure. So it is something which is used or done in accordance with rules or ceremonies.

Formal events have rules. 'Formal clothes' or 'formal attire' is a way of dressing to meet the rules for an event, such as a party or wedding. 'Formal attire' can be a suit, a tuxedo or a dress. People from all over the world have their own ideas about 'formal attire'. Most of the time "formal attire" clothes are the most beautiful or the best clothes a person owns. The opposite of "formal" is informal. Informal clothes are comfortable clothes for general use, e.g. T shirt and jeans. An informal ceremony might be a ceremony which is very relaxed instead of following an exact plan. An informal way to greet a friend might be: "Hi, John!"

Examples:



Kyūshū

Kyūshū region is made up of the entire island.

The name Kyūshū literally means "nine countries" in Japanese. Kyūshū was made of nine old "countries" or provinces that are now prefectures. Each prefecture has a modern name and sometimes more than one old provincial name. The old names are still used sometimes, especially for foods, music, or art.

The original nine provinces in Kyushu were Chikuzen, Chikugo, Hizen, Higo, Buzen, Bungo, Hyūga, Ōsumi, and Satsuma.

Today, Kyushu is made up of seven of the prefectures of Japan. 

Parts of Kyūshū have a warm climate, like the Miyazaki and Kagoshima regions. Major crops grown there are rice, tea, tobacco, sweet potatoes, and soy; silk is also made. The island is known for many types of porcelain like Arita, Imari, Satsuma and Karatsu.

Under the Gokishichidō system, the island of Kyūshū was a part of the region known as Saikaidō. It was a part of this region from the 7th century until the middle of the 1800s. Around 1905, it was made into its own region. In the modern system, Kyūshū and the small islands around it are a part of the Kyūshū region. 



Presentation

Presentation is the process of presenting the content of a topic to an audience. Presentation software, such as LibreOffice Impress, Beamer, Apple Keynote or Microsoft PowerPoint, is often used to generate the presentation content. As a form of communication, a presentation is usually 10-30 minutes long, but can take longer in special cases.



Keynote (software)

Keynote is a presentation software application made by Apple for its Mac OS operating system.

Keynote was a software program that Steve Jobs, the chief executive officer of Apple used for his own presentations only. It was later sold to everyone as Keynote 1.0, competing against other presentation software, especially Microsoft PowerPoint. Unlike PowerPoint, Keynote can use all image types, and the design uses more pictures, making it easier to use. Because Keynote uses Mac OS X's built-in graphics technologies, it can produce slides with many graphics very easily.





Claymore

The claymore is a Scottish sword. It has two sharp edges. The word claymore is from Gaelic. It means “great sword”. The sword is held with two hands. In some sources the broad claymore sword is called “claidheamh da lamh”, which means “two-hand sword”. It was very popular in the 16th century when Scottish warriors (highlanders) used it against the Englishmen.

The average claymore was about long. The blade was about long. It weighed around . It had a very wide blade. Many claymore blades had a small amount of metal cut out of them. This was done to make the sword weigh less.

There was also a type of claymore that had one sharp edge and a basket-shaped handle. The basket of the handle was used to protect the hands. The basket was also used to help with balance. This was because the blade was very long. Many claymores were made during the mid-1600s. 

People in Europe started using swords with two hands in the 14th century. The biggest European swords were made in the early 16th century. They were usually used by bodyguards or soldiers for defending from pikes and polearms. One example of these kinds of swords is the Germanic Zweihänder (two-handed) sword.


Tamahagane

Tamahagane {tah-mah-ha-ga-neh} is a high quality metal (steel) made in the Japanese tradition. The word "tama" means "round and precious", like a gem or jewel. The word "hagane" means "steel". On the market, it costs 50 times more than ordinary steel. Tamahagane steel is used to make Japanese swords, knives, and other kinds of tools.

Good tamahagane contains around 1% of carbon and should not go over 1.5%.

Tamahagane is made of iron sand (called "satetsu" in Japanese). There are 2 main types of iron sands: "akome satetsu" and "masa satetsu". Akome is of lower quality and masa is of better quality. The man who leads the team at the TATARA is called the "murage". Depending on the desired result, the murage mixes one or more types of sands.

The iron sand is put in a clay tub (furnace) called a "tatara". The clay tub measures about 4 feet tall, 12 feet long, and 4 feet wide. The tub is then dried and heated. The clay tub is heated to a high temperature, about 1000 ºC (1.832 ºF). Then, it is filled with charcoal and iron sand to start the direct reduction process. 

The process of making tamahagane continues for 36 to 72 hours, depending on how many people work and how much metal is to be obtained. The iron sand is added every 10 minutes, alternately with a regular amount of charcoal. 

When the liquid slag is drawn out and the process is finished, the clay tub is broken and the KERA (raw iron block) is removed. The best steel with highest carbon content is near the vents of the blower system, because this is the where the reduction process is strongest. The quality of tamahagane is determined by its breaking structure, but it is important to knowe that there are different types of TAMAHAGANE needed to forge a sword blade.


Graviton

A graviton is a hypothetical particle that 'transfers' gravitation's force (particles like this are known as gauge bosons) from its field. Gravitons have never been observed, directly or indirectly, however, there have been several theories that use gravitons to explain certain phenomena. For example, a theory that describes black holes by combining quantum mechanics and gravity, has been advanced by Georgi Dvali and Cesar Gomez, which suggests a black hole is "an overpacked bucket of gravitons". There are some theories that suggest that gravitons would make up a new group of particles, "attraction particles". CERN is currently using the Large Hadron Collider to try to find this particle.
The graviton applies a tiny force as it impacts the nuclei of atoms.
All atoms themselves have these graviton particles in orbit around them. If you gather a lot of atoms together the population of orbiting gravitons increases proportionately. As a result, a large asteroid for example will have more gravity than a small one.
Because the graviton is a particle that has force (gravity), it is classed as a gauge boson. Other gauge bosons include the photon, the gluon, and the W and Z particles.

If someone found one, it could lead to a theory which would join the four main physical forces: electromagnetism, gravity, strong force and weak force.

Presentation software

A presentation software is a computer software package used to show information, normally in the form of a slide show. It mostly includes three major functions: an editor that allows text to be inserted and formatted, a method for inserting and manipulating graphic images and a slide-show system to display the content.

The most commonly known presentation program is Microsoft PowerPoint, but there are alternatives such as LibreOffice Impress, Apple's Keynote, LaTeX Beamer and WPS Office (Free and complete office suite, includes writer, spreadsheet, presentations, enjoys the features of small-size, easy-to-use and compatible, covering multiple platforms including Windows, Linux, Android, iOS and Mac).

Originally these programs were used to generate 35 mm slides, to be presented using a slide projector. As these programs became more common in the late 1980s, several companies set up services that would accept the shows on floppy disk and create slides or print transparencies. In the 1990s, dedicated LCD-based screens that could be placed on the projectors started to replace the transparencies, and by the late 1990s they had almost all been replaced by video projectors.


Liqueur

A liqueur is a sweet-tasting alcoholic drink. It is often flavored with fruits, herbs, spices, flowers, seeds, roots, plants, barks, and sometimes cream. The word "liqueur" comes from the Latin word "liquifacere" which means "to dissolve." This is because the flavors are dissolved to help make the liqueur. In some parts of the world, liqueurs are sometimes called cordials.

Liqueurs have been around for many centuries. They are related to the herbal medicines that monks used to make. Liqueurs were made in Italy as early as the 13th century, and were used during signings of treaties during the Middle Ages.

Most liqueurs have 15 to 30% alcohol content but may have an alcohol content as high as 55%.

Types of liqueurs include: fruit liqueur, cream liqueur, coffee liqueur, chocolate liqueur, schnapps liqueur, brandy liqueur, anise liqueur, nut-flavoured liqueur, and herbal liqueur.

Liqueurs can be enjoyed many ways. They are commonly drank by themselves, poured over ice, with coffee, or mixed with cream or other mixers to create cocktails. They are often served with dessert or as a dessert. Liqueurs may also be used in cooking.


Militarism

Militarism or militarist ideology is a view on society.
It says society should be like the military.
This means that society should follow concepts that can be found in the culture, system and people of the military. People that say militarism is good are called "militarists".

Most important to militarists is discipline. Discipline means to follow a set of rules.
It also means training that follows such rules. A strong military is good for discipline.
There are many areas where moral goals and the culture of the military can be applied. Most notable are private business, government, education and entertainment.

Militarism is related to militarization, and militarist countries often have a strong military. Thus Sparta in Ancient Greece, and Prussia in the 19th century were militarist and had more powerful armies than other states their size. North Korea is a good example in modern times. In militarist states the military either run the government, or greatly influence it. Often the head of state is a military person, though that does not always mean the society is militarised.

The Queen of Spades (opera)

The Queen of Spades (, pronounced "Pi-KO-va-ya DA-ma") is an opera by Tchaikovsky. It is based on a short story by Alexander Pushkin. Sometimes it is known by its German title "Pique Dame". 

When Tchaikovsky went to Paris in 1876, he saw Bizet’s opera "Carmen". He liked the story's themes of love and bad fate. The idea of fate is important to the opera "Carmen" and also to Tchaikovsky’s "The Queen of Spades". Tchaikovsky wrote some of his greatest music in this opera. Some of it is very graceful, and is similar to Mozart. In other places it is very romantic, with harmonies that he had learned by studying the operas of Wagner.

Hermann, a young officer, sees a beautiful girl in the park and falls in love with her even though he does not know her. His friend tells him that the girl’s name is Lisa, and that her grandmother is an old countess who used to gamble (play cards for money) when she was young. He says that people used to call the grandmother the "Queen of Spades", and that she knows a secret: she knows about the three cards which will always win the card game.

Hermann can only think of one thing: he wants to find out the secret of the three cards so that he can gamble and win lots of money. Then he will be able to marry Lisa. He hides himself in the grandmother’s bedroom. When the grandmother goes to bed, he jumps out in front of her and tells her he wants to know the three cards. She is so scared that she dies before she can speak.

Later, the ghost of the grandmother comes to Hermann and tells him the three secret cards: Three, Seven, Ace. Hermann’s mind is now on one thing: he must go to casino and play cards and win. Lisa drowns herself in a river. Hermann gambles all his money at the casino, saying "The life is only game and the sure is only death". The first two cards are the Three and the Seven, but the third card is not the Ace, it is the Queen of Spades. The old grandmother’s ghost comes again to Hermann. Hermann kills himself.

Tchaikovsky’s brother Modest helped him to prepare the libretto (words) for the opera. They changed some of Pushkin’s story, making the love scenes important because he thought they would be good with emotional music. They also made it very dramatic by making Lisa drown herself in a canal and Hermann die at the gaming table. This is different to what happens in Pushkin’s story.

Tchaikovsky wrote the opera very quickly. It took him just six weeks to sketch it (write the basic ideas). Then he spent a short time in Rome and when he returned, he wrote it out for orchestra in another six weeks. 

Some of the music is quite Classical (Rococo) in character. At other times it can sound very Russian. In the supernatural scenes, Tchaikovsky uses the whole-tone scale like Glinka did in his operas.

The opera was first performed at the Mariinsky Theatre in St Petersburg on 19 December 1890.

Growth-share matrix

The growth-share matrix (aka B.C.G. analysis, B.C.G.-matrix, Boston Consulting Group analysis) is a chart that had been created by Bruce Henderson for the Boston Consulting Group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines. This helps the company allocate resources and is used as an analytical tool in brand marketing, product management, strategic management and portfolio-analysis.



Microsoft PowerPoint

Microsoft PowerPoint is a presentation program developed for the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS computer operating systems. Businesspeople, educators, and trainers use it often. It is a component of the Microsoft Office system.

In PowerPoint, as in most other presentation software, text, graphics, movies, and other objects are positioned on individual pages or "slides". The "slide" analogy is a reference to the slide projector. Slides can be printed, or (more often) displayed on-screen and navigated through at the command of the presenter. Slides can also form the basis of webcasts.

Versions for Microsoft Windows include:


"Note: There is no PowerPoint 5.0 or 6.0, because the Windows 95 version was launched with Word 7. All of the Office 95 products have OLE 2 - moving data between many programs - and PowerPoint 7 shows that it was as new as Word 7."





Qi Xi

Qi Xi, sometimes called Chinese Valentine's Day, Magpie Festival, or the Double Seventh Festival is a traditional romantic festival in China. It take places on the 7th day of the 7th lunar month and often goes into August on the Gregorian calendar.

In late summer, two bright stars can be seen on opposite sides of the Milky Way. These stars are Altair ("the cowherd", Niulang) and Vega ("the weaver girl", Zhinü). The following story is told about the two:

Long, long ago, there was an honest and kind-hearted fellow named Niulang (Cowherd). His parents died when he was a child. Later, he was driven out of his home by his sister-in-law. So he lived by himself herding cattle and farming. One day, a fairy from heaven named Zhinü (Weaver Girl) fell in love with him. She secretly came down to earth and married him. Niulang farmed in the field and Zhinü wove at home. They lived a happy life and gave birth to a boy and a girl. Unfortunately, the God of Heaven soon found this out and ordered the Queen Mother of the Western Heavens to bring Zhinü back.

With the help of celestial cattle, Niulang flew to heaven with his son and daughter. When he was about to catch up with his wife, the Queen Mother took off one of her gold hairpins and scratched a river in the sky to separate the lovers. Niulang and Zhinü have been separated on the two banks ever since. Once a year all of the magpies in the world come to build a bridge for Niulang and Zhinü to meet each other. This meeting happens on the 7th day of the 7th lunar month. Because of this, their meeting is called "Qi Xi" (Double Seventh).

Scholars have shown the Double Seventh Festival originated from the Han Dynasty (206 BC-AD 220). Historical documents from the Eastern Jin Dynasty (AD 371-420) mention the festival, while records from the Tang Dynasty (618-907) depict the grand evening banquet of Emperor Taizong and his concubines. By the Song (960-1279) and Yuan (1279-1368) dynasties, special articles for the Qi Xi were seen being sold on markets in the capital. The bustling markets demonstrated the significance of the festival.

Today some traditional customs are still observed in rural areas of China, but have been weakened or diluted in urban cities.

In the past, Qi Xi was not only a special day for lovers, but also for girls. It has been known as the "Begging for Skills Festival" or "Daughters' Festival." 

In the past, girls would conduct a ceremony to beg Zhinü for wisdom, dexterity and a satisfying marriage in the future. 

In some parts of the Shandong Province, young women offered fruit and pastries to pray for a bright mind. If spiders were seen to weave webs on sacrificial objects, it was believed the Weaving Girl was offering positive feedback. 

In other regions, seven close friends would gather to make dumplings. They put into three separate dumplings a needle, a copper coin and a red date, which represented perfect needlework skills, good fortune and an early marriage. 

Girls also held weaving and needlework competitions to see who had the best hands and the brightest mind, both important to being a good wife and mother in ancient China. Young women in southern China used to weave small handicrafts with colored paper, grass and thread. Afterwards, they competed to pass a thread through the eyes of seven needles in a single breath. 

The Japanese version of Qi Xi is called "Tanabata". It is held on July 7th. On the evening of the 7th, slips of paper are hung on bamboo trees. The notes contain desires that the person hopes will be fulfilled.

Anna Nicole Smith

Anna Nicole Smith (November 28, 1967 – February 8, 2007) was an American model, actress and celebrity. She first became popular as "Playboy" magazine's 1993 Playmate of the Year.

She was born Vicki Lynn Hogan in Houston, Texas.

On February 8, 2007, Smith was found in a hotel room in Hollywood, Florida. At 1:38 p.m. (18:38 UTC) a nurse called 911. At 1:45 p.m. a bodyguard gave her CPR before she was taken to a local hospital and pronounced dead at 2:49 p.m. Her death was caused by an accidental overdose.

Smith was addicted to prescription medications. A psychiatrist said in court in 2010 that she was a member of hospital staff in 2006, when Smith was a patient. The psychiatrist said Smith had borderline personality disorder.


Sorting algorithm

A sorting algorithm is an algorithm that puts the elements of a collection into a certain order. Most commonly, numbers are sorted by their value, and words are sorted by their alphabetical order (as they would appear in a dictionary or phone book). Efficient sorting is important for other things: finding an element in a sorted collection is easier, and merging a new element may also be easier if the collection is sorted.

Note that not all sorting algorithms can be applied in all cases. An example might be that the records can only be read one after another (sequentially); they might be stored on a tape. 

Ciao

The word "ciao" is a greeting in Italian. It is used for both "hello" and "goodbye". It is less formal than other greetings in Italian, such as "buongiorno" or "salve".

The word originally comes from the Venetian language. It is also sometimes used by English speakers and speakers of other languages around the world. Other words that mean both "hello" and "goodbye" are "shalom" in Hebrew, "salaam" in Arabic, "annyeong" in Korean, and "aloha" in Hawaiian. In Vietnamese, the word "chào" also means "hello" or "goodbye". It sounds similar, but is not related to the Italian word.

LaTeX

LaTeX is a computer program used for making articles, books and math formulas look good. LaTeX is well-suited for expressing mathematical formulas on electronic devices in a more human readable format, by showing them in a way similar to how they would be written by hand. 

LaTeX is used for making mathematical formulas for some articles on Wikipedia, in addition to being used within academic circles.

The writer types their article into a plain text document. A plain text document cannot have styled text, like bold or italic. When the writer wants to write styled text, they use special LaTeX commands that start with a backslash (codice_1). For example, the command for bold text is codice_2.

After the writer is finished writing the article, they tell LaTeX to read the document. After LaTeX is done, LaTeX makes a file that can be printed. The command codice_2 would print as This text is bold.
LaTeX was first made in the early 1980s by Leslie Lamport at SRI International, who published its first manual in 1986. The current version is LaTeX2e (styled ), which has been active since 1994.

The example below shows the LaTeX input and its corresponding output:
In order to support mathematical typesetting, the American Mathematical Society (AMS) has made the AMS-LaTeX package. AMS also founded MathJax, a Javascript extension to display mathematical formulas on web browsers, with the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.



First War of Scottish Independence

The First War of Scottish Independence lasted from the outbreak of the war in 1296 until 1328.

The Scots were defeated at Dunbar on 27 April 1296. John Balliol abdicated in Montrose castle on 10 July 1296. John was imprisoned in the Tower of London at first, but then released into the custody of Pope Boniface VIII on condition that he remain in a papal residence. He was later released around the summer of 1301 and lived the rest of his life on his family's estates in Picardy.

But his supporters argued that he was still the rightful King of Scotland. Therefore, the Scots rose in rebellion in 1297 under William Wallace and Andrew de Moray and said they were acting on behalf of King John. But in fact Scotland had no monarch until the accession of Robert the Bruce in 1306.


John of Scotland

John King of Scots (c. 1248 - 1314) is usually known as John Balliol or, correctly, John de Balliol. He was born in 1248. 

After the death of Margaret of Scotland in 1290, John Balliol was one of three major competitors for the throne. King Edward concluded that he was going to pick Balliol as king of Scotland at Scone, 30th November, 1292, St. Andrew's Day.

Edward I steadily undermined the authority of King John. He treated Balliol like a 'Puppet King' and the Scots were not happy. At the Battle of Dunbar King Edward's men slaughtered and wiped out the town of Berwick killing around 8000 people in the brutal killing.

He was stripped of his authority as king and was sent away to France by King Edward. He later died there. 

His son Edward Balliol would later claim the Scottish throne from 1332 until 1356.

Soul patch

A soul patch is a style of facial hair in which hair is only found below the lower lip and above the chin.





Wars of Scottish Independence

The Wars of Scottish Independence were a series of military campaigns fought between Scotland and England in the late 13th and early 14th centuries.

The First War (1296–1328) began with the English invasion of Scotland in 1296, and ended with the signing of the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton in 1328. The Second War (1332–1357) began with the English-supported invasion of Edward Balliol and the 'Disinherited' in 1332, and ended around 1357 with the signing of the Treaty of Berwick. 

The wars were part of a great national crisis for Scotland and the period became one of the most important moments in the nation's history. At the end of both wars, Scotland still was a free and independent nation, which was her main aim throughout the conflict. The wars were also important for other reasons, such as the emergence of the longbow as a key weapon in mediaeval warfare.

Scotland

England

The Battle of Bannockburn (23–24 June 1314) was an important Scottish victory. It was the decisive battle in the First War of Scottish Independence. In this battle, the Scottish king Robert the Bruce defeated the English king Edward II.



Autotroph

An autotroph (from Greek "autos" = self and "trophe" = nutrition) is an organism that makes organic compounds from simple molecules.

Autotrophs are needed in every food chain in all ecosystems. They take energy from the environment (sun light or inorganic sources) and use it to make other organic molecules that are used to carry out various biological functions such as cell growth or repairing broken tissue.

Plants and other organisms that carry out photosynthesis are phototrophs (or photoautotrophs). Bacteria that use inorganic compounds like hydrogen sulfide, phosphorus or iron are called chemoautotrophs. Other organisms, called heterotrophs, eat autotrophs. 

There are some species that need organic compounds as a source of food, but are able to use light as a source of energy. These are not autotrophic, but heterotrophic. A mixotroph is a (micro)organism that can use a mix of different sources of energy and carbon. 

Air France

Air France is one of the largest airlines in the world. It is based in France. It is owned by Air France-KLM. Before it merged with KLM, it employed 71,654 people. Its headquarters are at Charles de Gaulle International Airport near Paris.

The airline can be traced back to 1933, when four other French airlines were combined to create "Air France". Air France hired its first flight attendants in 1946. The airline started flying between Paris and New York City on July 1, 1946. In 1957, the airline bought its first jet aircraft. Air France was one of 4 airlines that flew the Concorde. It used it from 1976 until 2003. In 1988, the airline became the first to fly the Airbus A320. In 2003, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Air France announced they were going to be combining. The combination ended in 2004. As of 2016, Air France is going through many financial problems. 

Air Dolomiti

Air Dolomiti L.A.R.E. S.p.A is a regional airline from Verona in Italy. It is named after a section of the Alps known as The Dolomites. It is part of Lufthansa Regional connecting medium-size Italian airports to other European cities through Munich and Frankfurt am Main airports. The airline employs 550 people.

Hampshire

Hampshire is a county in the south of the UK. The county has an area of 1,455 square miles (3,769 km²). At its widest points, the county is about 55 miles (90 km) east-west and 40 miles (65 km) north-south. The county town is Winchester. About 1.6 million people live in Hampshire.

Manuel Pereira da Silva

Manuel Pereira da Silva (7 December 1920 – 2003) was a Portuguese sculptor. He was born in Oporto, Portugal. 

The workmanship of Manuel Pereira da Silva has an abstract formal orientation inspired in the human figure, in particularly the man and the woman. In 2000, the Medal of Cultural Merit was attributed to Manuel Pereira da Silva for the City Council of Vila Nova de Gaia.

In 1939, he entered the Oporto University's College of Arts. In 1953, he finished his coursework with the final classification of 18 values. During his coursework he was distinguished with two awards, "Teixeira Lopes" and "Soares dos Reis".

In 1946 and 1947, he studied in Paris, France, at the Paris College of Arts.



Yeti

The Yeti (also called the abominable snowman) is an animal said to live in the Himalaya mountain range made of ice. People say they have seen it, but none have ever been caught. It is supposed to look like an ape that walks upright. Some body parts, said to be of a yeti, are kept in a few monasteries in the area. There no real evidence that it exists, but there have been reports of footprints in the snow which could have been made by a yeti.

The yeti has been described as having white shaggy fur and a lean muscular body like an ape. This "creature" could also live in the Asian mountains near the Himalayan snow line. Stories about the Yeti and another similar creature, Bigfoot, suggest that if they are real, they could be the same, or similar species. The yeti can stand at least 6 – 10 foot tall, not as tall as the Bigfoot. It has also been said the Yeti can weigh at least 200 - 400 pounds. The yeti is shy, which is why it has never been found. In 2010 an unsuccessful exhibition, some hunters found a hairless four legged creature, they said was a Yeti. It was a small hairless cat that lost it's hair from a disease.

The yeti has been shown in couple of movies including Monsters, Inc. The Yeti has also been a WWE wrestler name. Toys and games using creatures like yetis have been made including Lego Cards (Lego).

<br>


Primality test

A primality test is a method (or algorithm) to find out if a certain number is a prime number. Cryptography uses prime numbers, and needs to test if a certain number is prime. The official proof of a prime is through its primality certificate.



Padding (cryptography)

Padding is a term used in cryptography. Very often, messages (to be encrypted) start or end in a well-known way ("Dear Bob, ..., Yours, Alice"). This is a problem, because that knowledge could be used to break (or start to break) encryption. To prevent this, a number of random characters are added at the beginning or the end of the message.

This procedure may also be necessary because many cryptographic methods operate on blocks of code. If a block is not full, additional characters need to be filled in. Filling in random text has proven very useful.

Dictionary attack

A dictionary attack is a method used in cryptography to find a key (or username, or password). A large number of words are tried. These words usually come from a special collection, called a "dictionary". 

The attack is based on trying all the strings in a pre-arranged listing. The listing is usually derived from a list of words, such as in a dictionary (hence the phrase "dictionary attack").

Rocky Marciano

Rocco Francis Marchegiano, better known as Rocky Marciano (September 1, 1923 – August 31, 1969), was an American boxer (1946-1956). Marciano was the World Heavyweight Boxing Champion from 9/23/1952 until 11/30/1956. He had the shortest reach of any heavyweight champion at only 68 inches (173 cm). He was also short for a champion, standing 5'10 1/2" (179 cm). Marciano is the only heavyweight champion in professional boxing history who never lost or drew (tied) in a professional match. He won 43 fights by a way of knockout or technical knockout, an 87.76% knockout rate.

His parents were Italian immigrants.

Before becoming a professional fighter, Marciano had an amateur record of 10-4 (8KOs). Marciano's first professional fight was in March 1947. He won the championship from Jersey Joe Walcott on September 23, 1952.

Marciano was named fighter of the year by Ring Magazine three times. His three championship fights between 1952 and 1954 were named fights of the year by that magazine. Marciano's last title fight was against Archie Moore on September 21, 1955. Marciano was knocked down in the fight, but he got up and knocked out Moore in the 9th round. Marciano announced his retirement in a press conference on April 27, 1956.

Marciano considered a comeback in 1959 when Ingemar Johansson won the heavyweight championship from Floyd Patterson on June 26, 1959. However, Floyd Patterson's contract demanded a rematch with Ingemar within one year. After a period in training and thinking about a comeback, Marciano decided against it and never seriously considered a comeback again. 

In 1969, on the eve of his 46th birthday, Marciano was a passenger in a small private plane, a Cessna 172, headed to Des Moines, Iowa. It was at night and bad weather set in. The pilot tried to land the plane on a small airfield outside Newton, Iowa, but the plane hit a tree two miles short of the runway. The passengers died almost instantly. He is entombed in a crypt at Forest Lawn Memorial Cemetery in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. His widow, who died five years after him at the age of 46, is entombed next to him.


Exponentiation by squaring

Exponentiating by squaring is an algorithm. It is used for quickly working out large integer powers of a number. It is also known as the square-and-multiply algorithm or binary exponentiation. It uses the binary expansion of the exponent. It is of quite general use, for example in modular arithmetic. 

The algorithm is believed to have first been documented in the Sanskrit book "Chandah-sûtra", about 200 BC.

The following recursive algorithm computes "x" for a positive integer "n" where n > 0:

This algorithm is much faster than the ordinary method to compute such a value. Multiplying x by itself, n operations are needed to calculate "x ". With the method shown above, only log2(n) operations are needed. 

The following algorithm computes modular exponentiation "x" mod "m" where x is the base, n is the exponent and m is the modulus.

Smart card

A smart card is a card with a microchip in it. Such cards are used as a method of identification and authentication. 

Plastic cards that allow to take out money from a automated teller machine (ATM) often are smart cards nowadays (Some of them still have a magnetic stripe which holds the same information). Very often the user is identified with a PIN. If the PIN is entered correctly, money can be withdrawn. If the PIN is not entered correctly, the card is blocked (after a number of false attempts).

At first, smart cards were used in public telephones in France, in 1983. There, the card simply stored a pre-paid credit. This credit was reduced when calls were made. Another way to solve the problem is that the balance is stored in a remote database. To make calls, a (usually toll-free number) is first called. From there, additional calls can be made. This eliminates the need for cards with chips on them.

Smart cards also have many other uses, such as for making payments. These kinds of cards are used a lot in Japan, Singapore, and the Octopus card in Hong Kong.
There are two basic kinds of smart cards:
Both kind of cards contain a controller for managing the I/O.

Many smart cards have RFID technology that allows them to be used without inserting them into a machine. They just need to be placed on a reader. These are called "contactless smart cards" and many credit and debit cards in the 21st century are this kind.


Coprime

In mathematics, two integers ("a" and "b") are co-prime (or relatively prime) if they share no common factors. This is sometimes written as formula_1. In other words, there is no number, other than 1, that divides both a and b evenly. In which case, the greatest common divisor (GCD, or highest common factor) of these numbers is 1.

As an example, 6 and 35 are coprime, because the factors of 6, 2 and 3, do not divide 35 evenly. On the other hand, 6 and 27 are not coprime, because 3 divides both 6 and 27. Another example is 4 and 5:
4 = 2*2*1; 
5 = 5*1 (Prime). The only common factor is 1, so they are coprime.

On the other hand, 10 and 5:
10 = 5*2 
5 = 5*1 (Prime). The common factors are 5 and 1, so they are not coprime.

Prime numbers are always coprime to each other.



Euler's totient function

In number theory, the totient of a positive integer "n" is the number of positive integers smaller than "n" which are coprime to "n" (they share no factors except 1). It is often written as formula_1.

For example, formula_2, because there are four numbers (1, 3, 5 and 7) which do not share any factors with 8.
The function formula_3 used here is the totient function, usually called the Euler totient or Euler's totient, after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler, who studied it.
The totient function is also called Euler's phi function or simply the phi function, since the Greek letter Phi (formula_3) is so commonly used for it. The cototient of "n" is defined as formula_5.

The totient function is important mainly because it gives the size of the multiplicative group of integers modulo "n". More precisely, formula_6 is the order of the group of units of the ring formula_7. This fact, together with Lagrange's theorem, provides a proof for Euler's theorem. 

A common use of the totient function is in the RSA algorithm. The RSA algorithm is a popular method of encryption used worldwide.

For any prime number, "p", formula_8. 


Key (cryptography)

In cryptography, a key (or cryptographic key) is a piece of information that allows control over the encryption or decryption process.

There are two basic types of cryptographic algorithms.

For symmetric algorithms, a minimum key size of 128 bits is recommended. For applications that need extreme security, such as top secret documents, 256 bits is recommended. Many older ciphers used 40, 56, or 64-bit keys—these have all been cracked by brute force attack because the key was too short.

Asymmetric (public key) algorithms need much longer keys to be secure. For RSA, at least 2048 bits is recommended. The largest publicly-known key that has been cracked was a 768-bit key.


Hollywood, Florida

Hollywood is a city in Broward County in Florida in the United States. In 2020, there were 153,067 people living in Hollywood. Joseph W. Young, Jr. first came to south Florida in 1920 from the state of Washington. He had also lived in California and liked what he had seen of Hollywood, California and the burgeoning movie industry in that state. He dreamed of creating a motion picture industry on the east coast, and founded Hollywood, Florida in 1920.

Young originally named his town "Hollywood by the Sea".

Young's own Mediterranean styled mansion was built in 1921 and still stands at 1055 Hollywood Boulevard, the main thoroughfare from downtown Hollywood to Hollywood Beach. The mansion is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

Hollywood is located on the coastal plain along the Atlantic Ocean in the south-eastern part of the United States, also of Florida. It is bordered by Pembroke Pines, Fort Lauderdale and Hialeah.
In Hollywood, the summers are long, hot, oppressive, wet, and mostly cloudy and the winters are short, comfortable, humid, windy, and mostly clear. Over the course of the year, the temperature typically varies from 61 °F to 89 °F and is rarely below 48 °F or above 92 °F.


Echo

Echo could mean:

Magnetic stripe card

A Magnetic stripe card is a plastic card which has a magnetic stripe on it. Different kinds of information can be stored on the magnetic stripe. Such stripes are usually made of small particles of iron (or another metal). Information is stored by changing the magnetism of the particles, as with magnetic tape
Today such cards are widely used for:
There are different ways in which the data is stored on the card. But all of them are read in much the same way, by "swiping" (sliding the card through a slot) on a machine called a reader. These readers can be separate from or built into other machines such as a payment terminal in a cash register or point of sale system.

Similar cards, which can also do calculations themselves, are called smart cards.

The standard ISO 7811 specifies the format in which information is stored on these cards. A magnetic stripe holds about 1024 bits of information, which is arranged in three tracks. The first track holds 76 alphanumeric characters, encoded in 7 bit per character. The two other tracks hold 37 and 104 numeric characters, encoded with 5 bits per character. The first two tracks can only be read, the third track can also be written to. 

Cards that are used for banking used to store the PIN as a hash value on the magnetic stripe. Today, the ATM calculates the hash value, and transmits it to the server of the bank, which does the comparison. Storing the PIN in the ATM is no longer allowed.

In many payment cards around the world, magnetic stripes are being replaced with a more secure technology called EMV. Most of these cards, though, still have magnetic stripes to be used in places which do not yet work with EMV.


Payphone

A payphone is a telephone that lets the public make phone calls if they pay for them first. Many payphones accept coins, but some can accept credit cards, debit cards, and phone cards as well. In the 20th century they were very often used, especially in cities. When people used more mobile phones, payphones quickly became rarer in small towns, and later also in cities.


Sámi

The Sámi (also spelled as Saami or Sami) are an ethnic group of people. Their homeland is Sápmi, which is in far northern Europe: Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia. There are from 80,000 to 135,000 Sami people in the world. The Sami are sometimes called Lapps, but this is insulting and has a negative meaning. In English the area is sometimes still called Lapland.

There are 10 different Sámi languages. Six of the languages can be written. The other four have very few speakers. 

"Archaeological research indicates that a culture identified as Sami arose in the Scandinavian peninsula between 1500 and 1000 B.C."

The first writing that includes the Sámi is from about 98 A.D. by Tacitus.

One description from 896 was told to Alfred the Great by Ohthere of Hålogaland, who was a Norwegian chieftain.

Old Norse stories, such as the Icelandic sagas, talk about the Sami. "Olav Tryggvason's Saga says "that the king killed a big man who was "troll-wise" and "there followed him a great number of Finns whenever he had need of them". ("Finns" is a name that sometimes meant "Sami people".)

In the 19th century, Russia stopped allowing reindeer farmers and their reindeer herds to come travel over the Norway-Russia border. Some of the Sami reindeer farmers, moved to another Nordic country, and took their reindeer herds into Russia (but not through the Norway-Russia border); later another country's border with Russia, was closed to herds from reindeer farming (coming into Russia).

During the 16th century there was more farms in Finland. Farmers from the province of Savonia went to Middle Finland, and the original Sámi people often had to leave this land.

At Dovrefjell when Harald Hardrada was king, there was profit from the keeping of herds of reindeer, and the business was very popular.

In regard to Sámi (in Norway) that had reindeer herds; when these Sami moved their herds (every year), then they would interact with people who lived permanently on the coast; the interaction also included "verdde": a friendship of convenience; for example, Sami needed milk and fish after having been on a plateau (or highland) for some weeks; Sami might need repair of equipment; trade was done: People from the coast traded fish for meat from reindeer.

Regarding getting the Sámi to change their religion to Christianity: In the 18th century Thomas von Westen , a pietist, led missionary work (among the Sami), that has been called a concerted (or special) effort. "About a century later, Niels Vibe Stockfleth worked among the Sami and translated [the Bible's] New Testament into" [one of the Sami languages].

People living permanently on the coast in North Norway, were [largely] Sámi; these Sámi had permanent housing, and it became easier for these Sámi to stop behaving like Sámi; in some areas one was not allowed to own land, if one was Sámi; some Sámi changed names, to names that might sound more Norwegian (and family names such as Sæter, Strømeng, and Kalvemo became new family names).

Sámi language [largely] disappeared among the Coastal Sámi. Sami that did reindeer farming, and Coastal Sámi slowly lost the close contact [between the two groups].

"There were organized attempts to eradicate [or make to disappear ] the Sámi language and culture[,] as a step in assimilating the Sámi into Norwegian society". Policies to "Norwegianize", Samis - were in place from the late 1840s,
into the 1980s.

"From the late 1840s to the 1950s, missionaries, agricultural experts and schoolteachers" tried "to "Norwegianize" the Sami"; the "first formal act of Parliament regarding the Norwegianization of the Sami people was made in 1848: 'The government is requested to investigate ... [find out if, and how far] there should be opportunity to bring the Norwegian Lapps, especially those living in coastal areas , instruction in the Norwegian language for the enlightenment of these people, and that the result of their findings be reported to the next Parliament'".
Norway's authorities made "a language directive (or rule) in 1880, which" was "made more forceful in 1898. It" said "that 'Teachers in those districts where the Lappish ... and Finnish ("kvænsk") languages are permitted for the sake of facilitating instruction in the public schools shall do their utmost to spread knowledge of the Norwegian language and seek to promote its use in the circles where they work'". Furthermore, the "government had a major objective for the schools: Not a single Sami word was to be heard on the school grounds" or in school buildings.
"The authorities also" used "economic measures to carry out the work of Norwegianization, including the Land Act. A regulation [or part of the law] from 1902" says that "Sale [of land] may only be made to Norwegian citizens ... who can speak, read, and write the Norwegian language and use it on a day-to-day basis".

A report by the "Parliamentary School Commission, appointed in 1922" said, without being able to show [ evidence], "that that the Sami are less educable [or able to learn] than others"; the report also said that the Sami population is less gifted and the "Sami culture does not lend itself to development".

From around 1850, a government policy of "Fornorskning" [tried to remove Sami culture]. An article in Klassekampen said that the policy was very rough [to Sami persons]. Into the 1980s, the policy of "Fornorskning" lasted in some places.

[Possibly the first] Sami association (in Norway) was started during the New Year's weekend in 1911: "Buolbmag Same Særvve", in Polmak municipality. (Polmak is now part of Tana (municipality).)

The first Sami association in Sweden, seems to have been started in 1903: "Tärnaby lappeforening".

In 1826, Russia has not allowed reindeer herds and their Sami owners, to travel from Norway to Russia.

Since 1852, Russia has not allowed reindeer herds and their Sami owners, to travel from Norway to Russia

Reindeer farming, which is a type of animal husbandry, is done by Sami, between the White Sea and towards the west and the south, across Russia's Kola peninsula, Finland, Sweden and Norway, into the Hedmark area of Norway's county of Innlandet.

In reindeer farming, "the Sami travel with their flocks (of reindeer) according to an established cycle"; the cycle makes sure "that the" [reindeer] can eat properly during the various [or different] seasons of the year. For example, the spring migration to summer pastures, which have a rich variety of grasses and herbs, takes place just before new calves are born in May. Summer is a time when the calves grow and the adult animals regain their strength following a long, hard winter".

Among the Sami people are nomads that do reindeer farming. They lived in their cold environment by domesticating the reindeer. They were able to get everything they needed from the deer. They ate mostly meat, milk, and cheese. Their clothing was made from reindeer skins and wool. Their tents were also made from raindeer skins. The wool clothes were beautifully decorated.

The Sami protected the herds, moving with them as they migrated from summer to winter pastures. They used reindeer to pull sleds carrying their supplies. During the winter, the herds moved south of where the trees grew. The Sami lived nearby in homes made of logs or sod.

Winter clothing was made from layers of reindeer skin. The inside layer would be worn with the fur facing in toward the person's skin. The second layer was worn with the fur facing out. Boots were also made of fur and lined with grass that had been gathered during the short summer. Every evening the grass would be taken out and dried by the fire, so it would be ready to use again the next day. This way, a Sámi could be warm and comfortable in even the coldest weather.

Today only a few of the Sámi people still follow the herds. Those few use modern tools on their ancient migration. They use snowmobiles to herd the reindeer and rifles to kill the wolves that chase them. Even helicopters and radios are used to locate and move the reindeer. Most of the Sámi now live on small farms in one of the four nations of Lapland. They raise crops and animals, including a few reindeer, to meet their needs. The sale of reindeer meat is an important source of income for the Sámi people.

The Sámi did not waste anything they got from the reindeer. The milk was used to drink or make cheese. Meat was taken for food. The blood was frozen and later used for soup and pancakes, called Blodplättar. Knives and belt buckles were carved from the bones and antlers. The sinews (tendons) were used as sewing thread. Cleaned-out stomachs were used to carry milk or cheese. Every part of a dead reindeer was used.

Sámi crafts are called "duodji" . The men make knives, drums and 'guksi' (burl cups) from wood, bone, and antlers. The women use leather and roots to make 'gakti' (clothing). Women also use birch and spruce to weave baskets.

Sámi clothing is called 'gakti' and was originally made from reindeer leather, but now it is usually made from wool, cotton, or silk. Usually, there are different types of clothing for men and women.

Sámi shamanism is the main religion of the Sami people. These beliefs are connected to the land, animism, and the supernatural. There is some practice of bear worship. It is a polytheistic religion with many gods. The Sami shaman are called the 'Noadi'. There are some 'wise men' and 'wise women' who try to heal people who are sick. They use rituals and herbal medicine. Some Sami people have changed their beliefs to Christianity and joined either the Russian Orthodox Church or the Lutheran.

Publications by Snorri Sturluson (1178-1241) say that a Sami woman, Snøfrid, married Harald Fairhair. It also said that none of her children or grandchildren became kings; first when Harald Hardrada became a king, then her blood became part of the blood of the royal family.

The character Kristoff in the 2013 Disney film "Frozen" is Sámi. The song that plays in the movie's first scene, "Frozen Heart", was written by the South Sámi composer Frode Fjellheim. It is in a traditional Sámi style called Vuelie. Some people said that Kristoff was not a good way to show Sami because he is light-skinned and blond. This is called whitewashing. Although some Sami look like Kristoff, most have darker skin and hair. When making the 2019 sequel, "Frozen II", Disney signed a contract with Sámi leaders and hired Sami experts to make sure the culture would be shown respectfully.



Sápmi

Sápmi (as its name is in Northern Sámi language), in English commonly known as Lapland (), is the most northern part of Fennoscandia. Fennoscandia is a peninsula in northern Europe.

The area of Sápmi is shared between four countries: Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia. In Norway, as far south as Hedmark county, there are areas with many Sámi people.<ref name=</ref>

The original people of Sápmi are the Sámi. They are now a minority there. The Sámi people are sometimes called Lapps, but this word has a negative association and is something most Sámi dislike being called.

The weather of Sápmi is cold. Summer is short. There are big hills with no trees on top of them. Reindeer live in Sápmi. You can see northern lights in the sky.


Judah

The Kingdom of Judah was an ancient Jewish kingdom that existed in the southern part of the Levant. It was on the western shore of the Dead Sea. Its main cities were Jerusalem and Hebron. It existed from the 9th or 8th century BC, up until 586 BC.

After the death of Saul, Israel picked David to rule them. (1 Chronicles 11:1) After the death of King Solomon, son of David, ten of the twelve of the tribes of Israel did not want Solomon's son, Rehoboam to lead them. This caused the kingdom to split the Northern Kingdom, the Kingdom of Israel and the Southern Kingdom, the Kingdom of Judah. Jerusalem was the capital of the Kingdom of Judah.

In 586 BC, the king of Babylon, Nebuchadnezzar II, took over Jerusalem and destroyed Judah.

Gantt chart

A Gantt chart is a type of bar chart. It is a tool of project management invented by the engineer Henry L. Gantt in the 1910s. The chart illustrates a project schedule. 

Gantt charts show the start and finish dates of the elements of a project. Gantt charts show dependency between activities. It means that some activities can begin only after other activities are finished. If activities are independent, they can go on at the same time (though the converse is not necessarily true). Gantt charts can be used to show current schedule status using percent-complete shadings and a vertical "TODAY" line as shown here.

Gantt chart also helps in scheduling, managing, and monitoring specific tasks and resources in a project. The chart shows the project timeline, which includes scheduled and completed work over a period. The Gantt chart aids project managers in communicating project status or plans and also helps ensure the project remains on track.

They are now a common charting technique, but Gantt charts were thought revolutionary when first introduced. The charts are also used in information technology to represent data that has been collected.

Horizontal bars of different lengths represent the project timeline, which can include task sequences, duration, and the start and end dates for each task. The horizontal bar also shows how much of a task requires completion.

Mind map

A mind map is a drawing used to show words, ideas, tasks or other things. Everything is written around a word or idea in the middle. This word or idea is the main topic of the mind map, and the things linked to it are related to the main idea. It is used to store and order ideas, and is very useful for study, ordering things, solving problems, and making choices.


Dia

Dia is free and open-source software that is used to make diagrams. It lets people draw many different types of technical drawings, for example flow charts and circuit diagrams. Technical diagrams are needed when doing work in subjects such as electronics and resistant materials. A flow chart can also be used to show how to plan out how to solve a problem, for example, how to bake a cake.


Talent

A talent (or aptitude) is the natural ability to do something better than most people. Talent is often confused with skill. We can develop and improve skill but not talent. Talent is the information written in genes when we are born. That information never changes in our lifetime. It can only be inherited by our children. Talent means only a greater potential for doing something. But talent is not enough. To get good results we need also practice. Even the greatest talent without practice will not give good skill. But on the other hand, even years of practice without talent will not give good results either. If somebody has no talent for music but learns to play piano several hours a day for two years, they will achieve some skill but never become a great musician.


Gift (disambiguation)

The word gift can mean:


Cathay Pacific

Cathay Pacific Limited is an airline based in Hong Kong. It transports passengers and cargo to over 120 cities world-wide. Its main base and hub is at Hong Kong International Airport. It is one of the six airlines in the world to get a five star rating from Skytrax. It won "Airline of the Year" award from Skytrax in 2003, 2005 and 2009. Its sister airline is Dragonair which serves destinations in mainland China and Asia. Cathay Pacific operates a fleet of Airbus A321, Airbus A321NEO, Airbus A330, Airbus A350 and Boeing 777. While Cathay Pacific Cargo uses 2 different models of the Boeing 747. The airline was created on the 24th of September in 1946, by Sydney H. de Kantzow and Roy C. Farrell. Cathay Pacific and Cathay Pacific Cargo, together with dragonair, carried nearly 27 million passengers and over 1.8 million tons of cargo and mail. Cathay Pacific is also one of the founding members of the Oneworld alliance.

Cathay Pacific was founded on the 24th of September in 1946 in Hong Kong by Sydney H. de Kantzow and Roy C. Farrell. Farrel bought the company the first Douglas DC-3, Nicknamed Betsy. They began by transporting cargo from Sydney to Shanghai on the 28th of January 1946. On the 11th of May 1946 they changed their route from Sydney to Shanghai to Sydney to Hong Kong, after China kept detaining the aircraft. Farrell and de Kantzow re-registered their business in Hong Kong on the 24th of September 1946 as Cathay Pacific Airways. They named the airline Cathay, because it was the ancient name given to China by the Europeans. The airline grew very fast. By 1947, it had 7 Douglas DC-3s and 2 Vickers Catalina seaplanes.

The airline prospered in the late 1950s and into the 1960s, and it purchased its then main rival, Hong Kong Airways, on the 1st of July 1959. In 1964, it carried its one millionth passenger and acquired its first jet engine aircraft, the Convair 880. In 1967, it became an all jet airline with the replacement of its last Lockheed L-188 Electra with a Convair 880. In 1971, Cathay Pacific Airways received the first Boeing aircraft 707-320B. By 1972 it had five 707s. In July 1976 it began operating a Boeing 707 freighter from Hong Kong to Seoul, Bangkok and Singapore. In 1974 Cathay Pacific planned a route from Hong Kong to London. with a Boeing 747. In 1979, Cathay Pacific received its first Boeing 747 and used it for the route. The first flight on this route took place on the 16th of July in 1979. In 1982, Cathay Pacific Airways introduced Cathay Pacific Cargo.

In the mid 90s, Cathay Pacific began a fleet replacement, which had a total cost of US$9 billion. On the 21st of May 1998, Cathay Pacific took the first delivery of the Boeing 777-300. On 21 September 1998, Cathay Pacific, together with American Airlines, British Airways, Canadian Airlines, and Qantas, co-founded Oneworld airline alliance. Cathay Pacific recorded a record HK$5 billion profit in 2000.

On Monday, the 6th of July 1998, Cathay Pacific terminated flights from Kai Tak International Airport to London Heathrow Airport after over 73 years of operation. The next day, Cathay Pacific began flights from New York John F. Kennedy International Airport to the new Hong Kong International Airport at Chek Lap Kok. This flight was also the world's first nonstop transpolar flight from New York to Hong Kong.
In 2000 Cathay Pacific, experience labour relations issues while completing the acquisition of Dragonair.

On 9 July 2001, reportedly following a review of the employment histories of all its pilots, the company fired 49 of its 1,500 pilots. This group became known as "the 49ers". Nearly half of the fired pilots were captains, representing five percent of the total pilots.

On 28 September 2006, Cathay Pacific underwent a shareholding realignment under which Dragonair became an owned subsidiary but continued to operate under its brand. In January 2016, Cathay Pacific announced it was rebranding Dragonair as Cathay Dragon. On 21 October 2020, Cathay Pacific announced that it would shut down all operations of Cathay Dragon and merge it with its parent company due to the lack of customers and heavy economic problems brought by the COVID-19 pandemic. This merger marked the end for the subsidiary carrier after 35 years of operation.

To celebrate the airline's 60th anniversary in 2006, a year of roadshows named the "Cathay Pacific 60th Anniversary Skyshow" was held where the public could see the developments of the airline. In March 2009, the airline reported a record full-year loss of HK$8.56 billion for 2008, which was also the carrier's first since the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis.

In 2010, the airline set another record high profit, amounting to HK$14.05 billion despite record losses set in the same decade. At the same time, Cathay Pacific had taken delivery of several new aircraft types, including the Airbus A330-300 and Boeing 777-300ER. Tony Tyler left his position as CEO at the airline on 31 March 2010. Chief operating officer John Slosar had succeeded as the new CEO. On 8 October 2016, Cathay Pacific retired their last passenger Boeing 747 with a farewell scenic flight around Hong Kong after over 35 years of service of the type. Cathay operated the 747 since August 1979, when it was on services to Australia.

In 2018, the airline discovered a data breach. Data of around 9.4 million passengers were compromised during the breach, with 860,000 passport numbers, 245,000 Hong Kong identity card numbers, 403 expired credit card numbers, and 27 credit card numbers without CVV being accessed. No passwords were stolen. The breach was suspected in March 2018 but was confirmed only in May 2018. In March 2020, the company was fined £500,000 (U.S. $639,600) by the British Information Commissioner's Office.

Under new leadership, the airline started to transform its business after suffering from 2 years of consecutive loss. The strategy focuses on 5Ps – Places, Planes, Product, People, and Productivity to find new sources of revenue, deliver more value to its customers and improve efficiency and productivity. It has launched 13 new routes since 2017, introduced a wide range of changes to its service, including bringing back hot meals on its most busy route between Hong Kong and Taipei. The airline has also invested significantly in other hard product and digital offerings such as an upgraded website, new or refurbished lounges across its network, including the first airline lounge yoga studio. Wi-Fi was introduced in 2017 and will be retrofitted across its fleet by 2020.

On 27 March 2019, Cathay Pacific officially announced it would acquire HK Express, the only low-cost carrier in Hong Kong. It cost Cathay Pacific in total HK$4.93 billion.

During the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests, Cathay Pacific employees participated in protests at Hong Kong International Airport. The Beijing government, which is a shareholder in Cathay Pacific, ordered Cathay to suspend any employees who participated in the protest. Cathay Pacific later suspended a pilot who was arrested during a protest.

The COVID-19 pandemic led to travel bans and significantly reduced flight demands, which caused Cathay Pacific to cut international flights in response. In 2020, 96% of all flights from March to May were cancelled, while the group's subsidiary HK Express suspended all flight operations from 23 March to 30 April 2020, due to reduced demand. At one point during the crisis, only 582 passengers flew with Cathay Pacific in an entire day.

In December 2020, the company said that it expected losses in the second half higher than the losses of the first half due to low demand, restructuring charges and impairments on its fleet.

In 2021, the company posted a record annual loss of $2.8 billion for 2020. It was also announced that the company would cut an additional 8,500 jobs.

In June 2021, the company said that losses in 2021 are expected to be lower than US$1.27 billion in 2020, due to cost-saving measures and strong demand for cargo flights.

On 9 June 2020, Cathay Pacific, Swire Pacific and Air China halted stock trade pending the announcement. On 10 June, Cathay Pacific and the Government of Hong Kong jointly announced a HK$39 billion recapitalization plan and rescue package for Cathay Pacific.

As of December 2022, Cathay Pacific serves 74 destinations including charter and cargo services, in 29 countries across Asia, Europe, North America and Oceania.
Cathay Pacific operates a fleet of narrow-body and wide-body passenger aircraft composed of the Airbus A321, Airbus A321neo, Airbus A330, Airbus A350 XWB, and Boeing 777 aircraft. The airline also operates a fleet of 20 Boeing 747 freighters.

As of February 2023, Cathay Pacific operates the following aircraft:

Since its inception in 1946, the Cathay Pacific fleet has operated many types of aircraft. The first aircraft was a World War II surplus Douglas DC-3, named "Betsy." the first aircraft for Cathay Pacific, is now a permanent exhibit in the Hong Kong Science Museum.
Cathay Pacific had ten incidents and accidents over its history, although none have resulted in a hull loss or loss of life since 1972. Cathay Pacific is generally regarded to have a good safety reputation and has been rated as one of the world's safest airlines.

Talent (measurement)

A talent (Latin: "talentum", from Ancient Greek: "scale, balance") is an ancient unit of mass; it corresponded generally to the mass of water in the volume of an amphora, i.e. a one-foot cube.

The Babylonians and Sumerians had a system in which there were 60 shekels in a mina and 60 minas in a talent (in Ancient Greece one talent was 26 kg of silver). The Roman talent consisted of 100 libra (pounds) which were smaller in magnitude than the mina.

When used as a measure of money, it refers to a talent-weight of gold or of silver. The gold talent is reported as weighing roughly the same as a person, and so perhaps 50 kg (>110 lb avoirdupois). Some authorities say that the talent typically weighed about 33 kg (>72 lb) varying from 20 to 40 kg. In June, 2018, the international price of gold was about US $41,155.69 per kilogram. One gram costs about $38. At this price, a talent (33 kg) would be worth about $1,400,116.57. Similarly, in February 2016, the price of silver was about $15 per troy ounce or about 50 cents per gram, so a 33 kg silver talent would be worth about $16,500. Thus when we read that King Auletes of Egypt paid Gaius Julius Caesar the sum of 6,000 talents of gold to grant him the status of a "Friend and Ally of the Roman People," this amount would be worth about US$8,400,000,000 today! These estimates are only rough values, because they are based on modern estimates.The value of silver in comparison to gold drastically changed. This is because of the output of the Spanish silver mines in the New World. In ancient times the same amount of silver was often worth more than gold. The estimates do not account for the less technical mining ability of the time, nor that there were still native deposits available. Later in Roman history, during the medieval Byzantine period, the emperor Basil II was said to have stockpiled the legendary amount of 200,000 talents of gold which, in modern terms, would be worth approximately US$280,023,314,760. At any rate, he did save enough money that the Byzantine government was able to remit all taxes paid during the final two years of his reign.

Another way to calculate the modern equivalent to a talent is from its use in estimating military pay. During the Peloponnesian war in Ancient Greece, a talent was the amount of silver needed to pay the crew of a trireme for one month. Hellenistic mercenaries were commonly paid one drachma for every day of service, which was a good salary in the post-Alexander (III) days. 6,000 drachma made a talent.

The talent as a unit of coinage is mentioned in the New Testament in Jesus' . One talent was an incredible amount of money.

Bede

Bede ( ; , ; 672/326 May 735), also known as Saint Bede, The Venerable Bede, and Bede the Venerable (), was a monk and an early historian of the church in England. He was a member of the sister Northumbrian monasteries of Monkwearmouth-Jarrow. He spent a great deal of time at Jarrow with its large library. Both were in the English county of Durham (now Tyne and Wear). He is well known as an author and scholar, whose best-known work, "Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum" ("The Ecclesiastical History of the English People") gained him the title "The father of English history".

Bede became respectfully known as "Venerable Bede" soon after his death, but this was not linked to consideration for sainthood by the Roman Catholic Church. Bede himself said he was born in 673 and on the lands of the monastery of Wearmouth. At age seven he was presented by his family to the Abbot of Wearmouth, Benedict Biscop, to be educated. Bede doesn't say if his family was noble or not. Bede was ordained a deacon when he was nineteen and at age thirty he was ordained a priest. While he was active in his community Bede found study, writing and teaching his favorite activities. He studied the Bible and Latin. He learnt Latin because that was the language of the Bible and other books in the monastery library. His teaching would have been very basic and his opinions were very conventional (not radical in any way). 

At the end of his life, Bede became ill and had difficulty breathing. He went about the tasks of finishing some writings and giving away the few things that he owned. Bede died on Ascension Day, 26 May 735.

Bede wrote many scientific, historical and theological works in his time. Many were copied and used by other monasteries in England and Western Europe. He had one work in particular that he is famous for. One of the most valuable and important sources on Anglo-Saxon history is Bede's "Ecclesiastical History of the English Nation". Beda follows the pattern of Eusebius of Caesarea, who believes that history is guided by Providence. But in contrast to the bishop of Caesarea, he does not change history into defense or apology, nor into hagiography as other writers of the Middle Ages will do. Bede spent most of his life at Jarrow and this is where he wrote his history. The History is made up of five books and about 400 pages written in Latin. It contains 800 years of the history of England from the time of Caesar to the date of its completion (731). The last chapter is about Bede himself.

One man who made Bede's work possible was Benedict Biscop. He founded the Wearmouth and Jarrow monasteries. More importantly he created the library that Bede's got most of his information from. By the time of his death in 689 he had completed four trips to Rome and the south and brought back large collections of books each time. Bede's work would still not be possible if not for Ceolfrid, the fourth abbot. He doubled the size of the library left by Benedict Biscop. Bede himself traveled no farther than York and Lindisfarne. There is no record of his ever visiting libraries in distant places. Bede says the following about his sources:

Phototroph

Phototrophs ("photo" = light, "troph" = nutrition) or photoautotrophs are organisms which carry out photosynthesis. 

With their plastids and the help of energy from sunlight, carbon dioxide and water are converted into sugar by photosynthesis. Sugar is then converted into other organic molecules which can be used in cellular functions. Such a function might be, for example, respiration. 

NTFS

NTFS is a file system developed by Microsoft. NTFS stands for New Technology File System. A file system is a way of storing computer files. Microsoft introduced it with the Windows NT operating system. 

It was made to replace the old file-system used by earlier versions of Windows, like Windows 95, Windows 98, and Windows 98SE. That file system was also used by MS-DOS and is called FAT.

A newer version of NTFS (v3.1) was used in Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, and the most recent version of operating system, Windows 10. NTFS can be accessed from non-Windows operating systems such as Linux using the NTFS-3G driver.

File system

A File system (or filesystem) is a way of storing all data on a data storage device. The data is usually organized in computer files in directories. Below the file system there is usually a physical device where the files are stored. This might be a hard disk, USB flash drive, compact disc, or DVD. The file system might also talk to a remote server over a network where the file is stored. The file system might also only use RAM to store the files. 

The underlying storage mechanism usually has no concept of a file. A hard disk knows of disk blocks, which are numbered in a certain way. These disk blocks contain binary data (usually: large numbers). 

The file system does the "translation" between the large numbers, and the view the users see, that is that of files, organized in a certain way.

More recently, concepts from databases have been used to develop file systems. That way, there are two different kinds of data:
It then becomes possible to always keep the file system in a consistent state. With databases, this is known as ACID. That way, an operation on a file is either done, or it is not done. There are however, no states in between. The file being written to the filesystem is no longer visible. This is usually done using transactions. But with filesystems, it is called "journaling".

David II of Scotland

David II (5 March 1324 – 22 February 1371) King of Scots, son of King Robert the Bruce by his second wife, Elizabeth de Burgh (d. 1327), was born at Dunfermline Palace, Fife.

He was married on 17 July 1328, aged only four, to Joan of the Tower (d. 1362), daughter of Edward II of England and Isabella of France. Joan was only seven years old.

At the age of five, David became King of Scotland after the death of his father on 7 June 1329. He was crowned at Scone in November 1331. 

Edward Balliol, with support from Edward III of England fought against David, so that he could become king. He defeated David at the Battle of Dupplin on 12 August 1332. Balliol was crowned king, and in July 1333, the nine year old David and his queen were sent to France for their safety. In June 1341 he came back and began to rule. In 1346 he invaded England, but was defeated and taken prisoner at the Battle of Neville's Cross on 17 October 1346, and remained in England for eleven years, living mainly in London and at Odiham in Hampshire. In October 1357 he was allowed to go back to Scotland for a payment of 100,000 marks. The money was never paid completely. 
In 1371 David died in Edinburgh Castle.



Lied

Lied (pronounced “leet”) is the German word for “song” (the plural is Lieder – pronounced “leader”). 

The word Lied is used in music to describe the songs that were written by German-speaking composers of classical music. Songs composed by classical composers are sometimes called “art songs”.

Lieder are normally songs for a singer with piano accompaniment. They were mostly composed in the 19th century which was the period known as the Romantic period. The most famous composers of Lieder were Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann, Johannes Brahms, Hugo Wolf and Richard Strauss.

In German culture the Lied as an art song goes back to the Middle Ages. Walther von der Vogelweide was a 12th-13th century minnesinger who composed and sang songs for important people at the royal court. Like most minnesinger, he was a poet as well as a composer, writing words for his own songs.
The Lied in the Romantic period was usually written by two different people: the poet wrote the words and then the composer “set the words” to music. 19th century composers mostly took great care to choose good poetry for their songs. The poetry was often by famous poets such as Goethe and Schiller.
Although most Lieder were composed in the Romantic period, the beginnings were there in the Classical music period. Mozart wrote a song called "Das Veilchen" ("The Violet") and Beethoven wrote several songs.

It was Schubert who was to be the greatest of all Lieder composers. Schubert wrote over 600 songs. Very often he wrote in a form which had been used by Walther von der Vogelweide: three verses of which the first two have the same music (A-A-B, or as von der Vogelweide called them: “Stollen, Stollen, Abgesang”). Other songs of his are what is known as “durchkomponiert” (“through composed”). Here each verse is different, so that the composer can express the words of each verse with different music. The wonderful thing about Schubert’s songs is the way in which the piano accompaniments help the voice and show the meaning of the words. The piano was a fairly new instrument at the time and could do things that would have been impossible on the harpsichord. One of his earliest songs is the famous "Erlkönig" ("Erlking"). The piano accompaniment is very difficult to play because the right hand has continuous repeated octaves which describe the galloping of the horse in the wild, stormy night. "Grettchen am Spinnrade" is a song which sets a poem from "Goethe's Faust". The young girl is sitting at the spinning-wheel thinking of her lover. The piano has a rippling accompaniment which sounds like the gentle clatter of the spinning-wheel. At the moment when the girl imagines her lover's kiss the piano part comes to a stop, then gradually starts up again as the girl wakes up to the world around her.

Composers often composed groups of songs which belong together. These are called a “song cycle” (“Liederkreis” in German). Schubert wrote two long ones: "Die Winterreise" ("The Winter Journey") and "Die schöne Müllerin" ("The Miller’s beautiful daughter"). Both are about love affairs which end sadly. 

Robert Schumann wrote many fine songs. He was a pianist before he became a composer, so it is not surprising that the piano parts of his songs are at least as important as the voice part. His song-cycle "Dichterliebe" ("Poet’s love") contains some of his best songs. They often have a dream-like atmosphere. He especially liked setting words by the poets Joseph von Eichendorff and Heinrich Heine.

Johannes Brahms always made the singer’s part more important than the piano part. He learned a lot by studying Schubert’s songs and wrote some very famous Lieder. One of his best is the humorous "Vergebliches Ständchen" ("Serenade in vain"). His "Four Serious Songs" are very powerful. His famous "Wiegenlied" ("Lullaby"), a tune which everybody knows, is one of his songs.

Hugo Wolf is known almost only for his songs. They are very dramatic and he used some unusual harmonies which he had learned by listening to Wagner’s music. Some of Wolf’s songs are very short, he says a lot in a short space of time. His "Italian song book" and "Spanish song book" have some of his best songs.

Richard Wagner and Gustav Mahler both wrote wonderful Lieder, although they are mostly with orchestral accompaniment. Mahler’s songs are inspired by folksong. He even uses them in his symphonies. "Das Lied von der Erde" is a song cycle for two singers (mezzo soprano and tenor) and orchestra.

Richard Strauss is one of the last great Lieder composers. His "Four last songs" (with orchestra) seem to be saying “goodbye” to a great period of music history.

Aurora

An aurora, also called polar light, northern light or southern light, is a natural light display in the sky. They are usually seen in the high latitudes (Arctic and Antarctic) regions. Auroras are produced when the Earth's magnetosphere is disturbed by the solar wind.

An aurora around the North Pole is called the "Aurora borealis" or 'northern lights'. Around the South Pole is the "Aurora australis" or 'dawn of the south' or 'southern lights'. It can be seen from long distances, stretching in the sky many hundreds of miles.

Auroras can happen at any time, however, they can only be seen at night because their light is not as intense as the light of day. Faint stars can even be seen through the aurora.

Many legends are associated with the aurora in all countries where this phenomenon regularly occurs.

An aurora occurs when the Sun sends off small particles into space. These particles are mainly electrons, with charge and energy, which means they contribute to electricity. Earth has a protective shield of energy around it. This is called the "magnetic field" and forms an elongated sphere around the Earth called the "magnetosphere". The Earth’s magnetic field keeps off most solar wind. 

At high-latitude areas (polar areas), the magnetic field is vertical. It does not keep off particles of the solar wind which can come from the magnetosphere and hit the particles of the air (Earth's atmosphere). When they hit, the atmosphere is heated and excited and the excess gets away, a phenomenon which we see as moving lights in the sky above 100 km altitude typically. An aurora can be especially bright following a solar flare and coronal mass ejection (CME) when the charged particles rips through the electromagnetic field because of their power.

Auroral phenomena have been observed on other planets that have a magnetic field, such as Jupiter, and Saturn. It is believed to be a widespread phenomenon in the Solar System and beyond.

Nordic countries

Nordic countries are a group of countries in Northern Europe. These countries include Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Sweden, Norway, and the territories of Greenland, Svalbard, the Åland Islands and the Faroe Islands. Though often confused as such, Scandinavia is not equivalent to the Nordic countries. Scandinavia is a peninsula while the Nordic countries are recognized states. Sweden and Norway (and a small part of Finland) rest on the Scandinavian peninsula. Scandinavia and Finland together belong to a larger peninsula, Fennoscandia. Finns speak a non-Germanic language.

Nordic countries have similar state, law and culture. Historically, Nordic countries have maintained close connections. Nordic countries are primarily socialist democracies and welfare states. Nordic countries have some political co-operation, such as the Nordic council. Cooperation with a larger group, the European Union, makes the Nordic cooperation even smaller.

Nordic countries have long, cold winters with warm days in the summer, but only a small part of Northern Norway and approximately half of Iceland is arctic, although Iceland lies below the Arctic Circle except for one small island.

Going Underground

"Going Underground" was The Jam's first number one song on the UK charts. The song is arguably The Jam's finest moment in their career. Although it did not appear on any of their studio albums, it did appear on several 'best of' Jam albums.

Paasselkä devil

Paasselkä devils (Finnish "Päässelän pirut") are stories about balls of light at lake Paasselkä, Finland. Local people say that bright balls sometimes move above lake Paasselkä or near the lake in the forest. This kinds of lights are said to appear around the world. They are sometimes called ghost lights or will o' the wisps. Scientists does not know what ghost lights or will o' wisps are. 

People have told these stories for a long time, so it is a part of folklore there. People thought that balls of light are devils. Some still believe that balls are alive or have mind, because they seem to act like that. Ball can follow fishermans boat of go to hide if you use your torch.

Lake Paasselkä appeared when big stone dropped from the sky millions of years ago. Such lake is called crater-lake. Magnetism in the middle of the lake is not normal.


You can see the balls from this website 


Aurora (mythology)

Aurora was the ancient Roman equivalent of Eos. Eos was the ancient Greek goddess of the dawn. "Aurora" is the Latin word for dawn.

Aurora renews herself every morning at dawn and flies across the sky. She announces the morning's arrival. She has a brother and a sister. Her brother is the sun, and her sister is the moon. She also has many husbands and four sons, one for each cardinal direction: North, East, South, and West.

Aurora is comparable to Eos in Greek mythology and to Ushas in Hindu mythology.

One of her lovers was Tithonus. Aurora asked Zeus to grant immortality to Tithonus. However, she failed to ask him for eternal youth. As a result, Tithonus ended up aging eternally. 
In Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" (i.i) Montague says of his lovesick son Romeo

In the poem "Tithonus" by Lord Alfred Tennyson, Aurora is described as folllows:

The asteroid 94 Aurora was named after her.


Ukko

Ukko was the most important god in Finnish paganism, a religion that was in Finland before Christianity. Ukko was god of sky and thunder. Ukko was an old man and he lived on the sky. He had a weapon - hammer or axe called "Ukonvasara". Lightning is from this weapon.

Finnish pagans had an image of this weapon made from metal on their necks. They believed that lightning does not hit people who have this image.

At Midsummer Finns gathered together and drank beer to honour Ukko. That was called "toast of Ukko".

Ukko is similar to Thor that was a sky god of most Scandinavians and Perun that is a Baltic sky god.

Väinämöinen

Väinämöinen is an important person in Finnish mythology. He was a wise man and he knew magic. He was a hero and had many adventures.

Väinämöinen was also a god. As such, he was worshipped.

Magic of Väinämöinen was in his songs. When he sings hills shake and water moves. He sings his enemy, Joukahainen, to sink in swamp.

Väinämöinen was born before Earth. He was floating in the sea. He was born a grown man. Her mother, Ilmatar got pregnant by the water and wind and carried her son for 30 years. A bird (Sotka) made a nest on Ilmatar´s knee and when the bird hatched her eggs (six of them made of iron, one pure gold), it burned Ilmatar´s knee and finally Ilmatar moved her knee and all the eggs flew into the sky and on the earth and were broken. From those pieces the Earth and sky, the stars, The sun and the moon were born.

Ilmarinen

Ilmarinen is an important person in Finnish mythology. He is a very good smith who made the sky. He also made the Sampo, a magical machine that makes salt, gold and food. He tried to create a new moon and a sun, but failed. Ilmarinen married one of Louhi´s daughters.


Finnish paganism

Finnish paganism was a pagan religion in Finland and Karelia before the Finnish people were Christian. Finnish paganism is close to Scandinavian paganism and Baltic paganism. The Finns believed that there were many gods. 

Finnish paganism was animistic. This means that people believed nature was full of small and big spirits. The biggest spirits were gods who had names, the god of the sky was Ukko, the god of the forest was Tapio and the god of water was Ahti. There were many other spirits known by specific names.

A Shaman was a wise person who could perform magic. With the help from spirits, he could heal ill people and curse enemies.

Humans had a soul that was divided. "Self" and "me" were two different parts of the soul. If one's "self"-soul left him, he was not dead, but very ill. A Shaman could go to the spirit world to bring the soul back.

The Bear was considered a holy animal. If a bear was hunted down, he or she was celebrated with a ritual called "Peijainen", usually a big celebration involving food and drink. The purpose of the ritual was to pacify the soul of the bear. A happy soul would then be reincarnated into another bear, so that people could eat bears in the future. The swan was a holy bird and people believed that killing a swan would cause the killer to die.

Some trees and stones were holy to Finns, along with some forests. These places were often used to offer gods or spirits a sacrifice sacrifice. The sacrifice was gift intended to make the spirit happy. This spirit would then help humans. For example, a happy spirit of the sea would guarantee a plentiful catch for a fisherman. At later times things that were given to spirits were small, such as: money, flowers, pieces of silver, alcohol or food.

The Finns believed that Earth was flat like a disc. Above Earth was sky-dome, a pot that was upside down. In the middle of the Earth was a pillar holding the sky, so that it did not drop. The North star was a nail in the top of this pillar. Land of the dead, Tuonela, was under Earth. The way to Tuonela was at the base of pillar that holds the sky. The rotational movement of the pillar caused a great whirl of water at the base of the pillar called Kinahmi and this could be used as access way to Tuonela.

People hoped that their dead relatives would go to Tuonela, because they did not like ghosts. However some times dead relatives were asked to help living people. Sometimes shamans went to Tuonela to ask souls for help.

Feedback

Feedback is a connection, a loop, between the cause and effect of a process. 

Sometimes, output from an electronic source affects future input. This can form what is called a "feedback loop". In some cases the output reinforces the input, making it stronger; this is called "self-reinforcing", "positive", "runaway" or "amplifying". In other cases, the output blocks or stops some of the input; this is called a negative feedback loop.

Think about a sound system with input from a microphone and output to a loudspeaker. If the sound coming out of the loudspeaker is heard by the microphone, a loop is created, from speaker, to the microphone, through the cord, and back into the speaker. The loop is made up of sound and the electrical energy that the microphone and loudspeaker use to create that sound. If nothing stops the sound and electricity in the loop, it will travel faster and faster, which is why feedback starts out as a low hum and turns into a high squeal very quickly

This is an example of a positive feedback loop: the output reinforces the input; it makes the input stronger.

Think about two mirrors that face each other. The mirrors reflect each other infinitely, or forever, but in each reflection, the image in the mirror is slightly smaller than the image it reflects. The images get smaller and smaller until they are no longer visible. This is an example of a negative feedback loop: the output (the reflection) reduces the input; it makes the input smaller.

Warm temperature caused a glacier to melt. As the glacier melts, areas that were at one time covered by snow and ice are now water or land. Because snow and ice reflect heat but water and land absorb heat, this causes the glacier to melt faster as more snow and ice is melted. This type of positive feedback is an example of thermal runaway.

American mathematician Norbert Wiener made feedback loops more well known in 1948 in his book "Cybernetics". Cybernetics is the study of feedback loops and their role in communication and control.

Phosphate

A phosphate is a salt of phosphoric acid. Phosphates are important in biochemistry.
Phosphates have the formula PO and a molar mass of 94.973 g/mol. An example of a phosphate is sodium phosphate. Three different types of phosphates are known. They are orthophosphate, PO; metaphosphate, PO; and pyrophosphate, PO. They have a combining power of 3.
Phosphates are made of one phosphorus atom surrounded by four oxygen atoms. 
Many phosphates do not dissolve in water.

Cerebrum

The cerebrum is the largest part of the brain. It is in the front part of the brain. It contains about 15 billion cells, and is the latest brain structure to have evolved.

The cerebrum takes in data from sight and other sense organs, and 'makes sense' of it (interprets it). It controls consciousness and action (voluntary muscular activity). It plans, thinks, judges, and organises speech and information. These are the so-called 'higher mental functions'.

The cerebrum is divided into two "cerebral hemispheres". These two cerebral hemispheres are connected by three bands of nerve fibres, or commissures, which connect the two halves. The outer layers of the cerebrum are made up of the grey matter, and is called the cerebral cortex. The inner layers are made up of the white matter (nerve fibres), and the basal ganglia.

In the cerebrum, there are specific regions for each kind of stimulus and its response. For example, occipital lobe is the region for visual reception, temporal lobe for auditory reception, and parietal lobe for touch, smell, temperature and conscious association. The frontal lobe takes action, based on sensory input and other factors.

Karelia

Karelia (Karelian and Finnish: "Karjala", [ˈkɑrjɑlɑ]; Russian: Каре́лия, "Karélija", is an area in the eastern Nordic region.

Most of Karelia belongs to Russia today. Small parts of Karelia belong to Finland. On the Russian side of Karelia is the Republic of Karelia. On the Finnish side are the provinces of North Karelia and South Karelia.

The original people of Karelia are Karelians. Karelian people speak Karelian, a Finnic language very close to Finnish and Estonian. Karelians knew many old poems. Many poems of the Finnish book Kalevala are from the Karelians. Today in the Republic of Karelia, Karelians are a minority and Russians are a majority. Some people fear Karelian culture and language will die out, due to Soviet immigration to destroy the culture.

Kalevala

Kalevala is the Finnish national epic. This means it is a book that is very important to Finnish people.

Kalevala has many stories and folklores in it. The stories of Kalevala are poems that are very old. Long ago, people sang these poems. The poems have a unique metre that is not known outside Finnic languages. There are many themes in these stories from different times in the past. The oldest themes are from the Stone Age. Many of the poems are collected from Karelia and areas nearby.

Heroes have adventures in these stories. The most important heroes are Väinämöinen, Ilmarinen, Lemminkäinen and Kullervo. The enemies of heroes are Louhi and Joukahainen. Many stories in Kalevala are about two countries fighting each other. These countries are the land of Kalevala and land of Pohjola. The Land of Kalevala is the land of Heroes. Pohjola is the land of enemies. Pohjola is an evil and cold place somewhere far north.

Elias Lönnrot was a man who collected these poems and made a book of them. Kalevala has been translated into many languages. There is also an English Kalevala.

Edred of England

King Edred or "Eadred" (c. 923 – November 23 955) was King of England from 946 until his death. He was a son of King Edward the Elder and Edgiva of Kent. He was king after his brother, King Edmund I. Like both his older brothers, Edred was successful against the Vikings. Edred was a very religious man, but had very poor health (he could barely eat his food). He died on November 23 955, in Frome, Somerset, and was buried in the Old Minster at Winchester. His nephew, King Edwy, became king after him.

Plant pathology

Plant pathology, or phytopathology, is the study of plant diseases. Like animals, plants can get infected and damaged by viruses, bacteria and fungi.

It includes not only the harm done by pathogens (infectious organisms), but also harm done by environmental conditions.

Organisms which cause infectious disease include fungi, oomycetes, bacteria, plant viruses, viroids, virus-like organisms, phytoplasmas, protozoa, nematodes and parasitic plants.

Not included are ectoparasites like insects, mites, vertebrate, or other pests that affect plant health by eating plant tissues. Plant pathology involves the study of pathogen identification, disease cycles, economic impact, plant disease epidemiology, plant disease resistance, how plant diseases affect humans and animals, and how to manage plant diseases.

Plant pathology is of fundamental importance to agriculture.

Chytridiomycota

Chytridiomycota is a phylum of the Fungi kingdom. The name comes from chytridium (from the Greek "chytridion", meaning "little pot"): the structure containing unreleased spores.

The chytrids are the most primitive of the fungi. Many chytrids are found in fresh water. There are approximately 1,000 chytrid species, in 127 genera, distributed among 5 orders.

Chytrids get their energy mostly from non-living organic matter.

Both zoospores and gametes of the chytrids are mobile by their flagella, one whiplash per individual.

Some chytrid species are known to kill amphibians in large numbers. The actual process, however, is unknown.

List of U.S. states by traditional abbreviation

This is a list of traditional abbreviations for U.S. states and territories These abbreviations (short names) were used in mailing addresses before the introduction of two-letter U.S. postal abbreviations. The traditional abbreviations are still commonly used in other ways besides mailing addresses. For example, they can be used in writing after a city (like in "Miami, Fla."). In 1987 the Secretary of Commerce switched to the two-letter State Alpha Code for state abbreviations.


Saprophyte

A saprophyte or saprotroph is an organism which gets its energy from dead and decaying organic matter. This may be decaying pieces of plants or animals. This means that saprophytes are heterotrophs. They are consumers in the food chain. 

This is the typical life-style of fungi. Some fungi are parasites on living organisms, but most are saprophytes. Many bacteria and protozoa are also saprophytes. Most dead organic matter is eventually broken down and used by bacteria and fungi. Slime moulds are also saprophytes, as well as consuming bacteria. Examples of saprophytes are cheese mold, and yeast. The term "saprophyte" refers specifically to fungal and bacterial saprotrophs; animal saprotrophs are known as saprozoites.

Other terms, such as 'saprotroph' or 'saprobe' may be used instead of saprophyte. Strictly speaking, -phyte means 'plant'. The problem is that no embryophytes (land plants) are true saprotrophs, and bacteria and fungi are no longer considered plants. Nevertheless, saprophyte is such a well-known term that most writers continue to use it.

A heterotroph is a general term for an organism that needs organic material to get its carbon for growth and development. Many plants which lack chlorophyll need fungi to break down organic material for them. Traditionally, they were called saprophytes. Now the process is given a new name: myco-heterotrophy. 

Giacomo Puccini

Giacomo Puccini (23 December 1858 - 29 November 1924) was the most famous Italian opera composer after Verdi. He wrote 16 operas. Most of them are performed very often today. Many of his operatic songs are known by many people, especially the aria "Nessun dorma" from "Turandot" which was sung by Luciano Pavarotti for the BBC’s television coverage of the Football World Cup which was held in Italy in 1990.

Puccini was born in Lucca, Tuscany into a musical family. He was expected to follow the family tradition and become a church organist. He started playing the organ in churches near Lucca. He liked to improvise on the organ, playing popular tunes from Verdi’s operas. He soon realized that he wanted to be an opera composer. Eventually he persuaded his family to let him study at the Milan Conservatory. His earliest compositions showed that he had a great talent for writing beautiful melodies and that he was good at writing for the orchestra. His first opera to be published, "Edgar", had a story similar to that of Bizet’s "Carmen", but it was not a suitable story for Puccini.
"Manon Lescaut" was the first opera for which Puccini chose the story himself. It is the same story as Massenet’s opera "Manon". This made Puccini internationally famous. His next opera, "La bohème", produced in 1896, is often thought to be his best opera. He worked with two poets on this opera and, although they quarrelled a lot, the result was a work in which the music flowed beautifully like a conversation. 

His next opera was "Tosca". When it was first performed in Rome in 1900 there were rumours that a bomb would be thrown, but nothing happened. "Tosca" was a great success. However, "Madama Butterfly" was hissed and booed at its first performance in Milan’s famous opera house La Scala in 1904.

It was at this time that Puccini married. He already had a son by Elvira, his wife, who had been married to someone else. When her husband died, she was able to marry Puccini. The marriage was not without difficulties. Elvira accused Puccini of having an affair with their servant girl. This servant girl committed suicide and there was a court case which resulted (after an autopsy) in Elvira being found innocent. Puccini was very upset by all this and did not compose much for several years.

When he finally started writing again his new opera "La fanciulla del West" was set in the American West at the time of the Goldrush. The music has very Impressionistic harmonies like that of Debussy. The way he writes for the orchestra shows the influence of Richard Strauss. The opera was first performed in New York. The world-famous tenor Enrico Caruso sang the main hero part and Arturo Toscanini was the conductor. With such a star cast it had to be a great success.

Puccini followed this by writing an operetta and two one-act operas. The best of these is "Gianni Schicchi" His last opera is "Turandot", which has a fairy-tale like story. While he was working very hard at it he developed throat cancer. He died of complication of the disease in autumn 1924 in Brussels. The whole of Italy went into mourning and Mussolini spoke at the funeral. Puccini had not quite managed to finish "Turandot". A man called Franco Alfano finished it using the sketches that Puccini had left.

Pharaoh Hound

The Pharaoh Hound or Tesem is a breed of dog. He's Face was taken as modell for Anubis. Pharaoh Hounds always have a bright orange colour coat. They may have a small white spot on the front of their body. They need lots of physical exercise, and they are fast runners and can jump high. They need little brushing because their fur is very short. In the past, people used them to hunt rabbits. Now people keep them as pets.

Mycelium

The mycelium is the part of a fungus that is usually underground (or inside some another substance). It is composed of hyphae, which look like threads, or rootlets. The mat of hyphae may be very thickly woven. The fungus uses it to extract nutritients. The hyphae are usually syncytic, that is, they do not have complete cell walls. Fungal colonies composed of mycelium are found in and on soil and many other natural materials. 

A mycelium may be tiny, forming a colony that is too small to see, or it may be extremely large and cover the floors of a large forest.

The part of the fungus which is most visible is the reproductive body. This is often, but not always, the stem and hat of the mushroom.

Lviv

Lviv () is the capital city of Lviv Oblast in Ukraine. 860,000 people live in Lviv. 88% of the people living there are Ukrainian, 8% are Russian, and 1% are Polish. An extra 200,000 people commute to Lviv every day for work.

During the city's history, it was ruled by many countries. When part of Poland it was called Lwów (pronounced and sometimes spelled "Lvov"). In German, it was known as Lemberg, that was part of the Austrian and Austro-Hungarian Empires and again under Nazi German occupation. From 1350 until 1772 it belonged to the Kingdom of Poland and from 1918 to 1939 to the Republic of Poland.

Orchestra pit

An orchestra pit is the space where an orchestra plays in a theatre or opera house. The actors or singers are on the stage, and the orchestra pit is normally lower than the stage so that the audience can watch the play or opera. Depending on where they sit, the audience may just be able to see the heads of the musicians in the orchestra pit. It is important that singers can see the conductor so that they can watch the beat out of the corner of their eye. Opera houses nowadays often have close-circuit television monitors at the sides so that singers can watch the conductor even when they are not facing him.

The orchestra pit in the Bayreuth Festspielhaus is unusual. This opera house was designed by the composer Richard Wagner for the performance of his own operas. He did not want the audience to be able to see the orchestra at all, so it is very low. The orchestra members do not have to dress up in ties and jackets because they cannot be seen anyway.

Will o' the wisp

A will-o'-the-wisp or ignis fatuus (Medieval Latin: "foolish fire") is a ghostly light. It is seen by travellers at night, especially over bogs, swamps or marshes. 

Usually will o' the wisp looks like a ball of light or a small flame. UFOs and some ghost lights are different, they are usually in the sky while will o' the wisps are near ground.

It looks like a flickering lamp and is said to go farther back if approached. This draws travellers from the safe paths. This is a folk belief in a lot of English folklore and in much of European folklore. They are often said to be the work of fairies or elemental spirits. Some people think will o' the wisps are souls, spirits or spaceships.

Scientists try to use a natural explanation. Some say they are a gas, like methane, that goes up from the ground and burns. Other people say they are electric things, like ball lightning. One flying ball of light was explained: it was an owl that had a bright stomach. Sometimes animals or fungus make some light - this is called bioluminescence by scientists or foxfire. Sometimes diphosphine (PH) is also produced over marshes, which are highly flammable. Therefore, it burns in air and causes a flickering glow.

There are many old and new stories about will o' the wisps around the world. These lights have different names in different cultures and languages. Some of the names are "jack-o'-lantern", "hinkypunk", "hobby lantern" in English.





Ghost light

Ghost lights are lights in the air that are not well understood by scientists. There are few reports of ghost light sightings. Ghost lights can be close to ground or in the sky. Ghost lights close to ground are commonly called "will o' the wisp" while ghost lights in the sky are often called UFOs. There are very different kinds of ghost lights: some resemble balls of light, others look like flame, and some look like a bright cloud. Many ghost lights move.

Different cultures have understood ghost lights differently. People believed that they are dragons, spirits or ghosts. Today some believe they are spaceships. There are many theories about what ghost lights are. Some people say they are methane gas that comes from ground and burns in the air. Others say they are electric things like ball lightning. The fact that some animals and fungus glows may explain some ghost lights.

These are examples of known ghost lights at different places:


Roman Giertych

Roman Jacek Giertych is a former Minister of Education in Poland. He was born February 27, 1971 in Śrem.

Roman Giertych comes from a family of Polish politicians, being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of Jędrzej Giertych.

His brother (holding a Ph.D. himself) said he was a young bookworm who made dozens of books, especially on history. He improved in history throughout his school years while his grades in other subjects remained normal.

He graduated from Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań with a master's degrees in both law and history. In 1989, he reactivated the far-right "All-Polish Youth" (Młodzież Wszechpolska) organization, becoming its chairman; he remains honorary chairman to this day. For several years he was a member of the National-Democratic Party (Stronnictwo Narodowo-Demokratyczne) and the National Party (Stronnictwo Narodowe), which went with several other organizations to form the League of Polish Families (Liga Polskich Rodzin, LPR) in 2001.


Smoothie

Smoothies are a type of cold drink made from a liquid (either milk, fruit juice, or water), crushed ice or ice cubes, different fruits (such as banana, strawberries, or pineapple). Sometimes other foods are added to smoothies, such as yogurt, honey, maple syrup or ice cream. Smoothies are blended with an electric blender until the fruit and ice is puréed (made smooth). 

People usually drink smoothies from a tall glass or cup, and use a plastic drinking straw to suck it into their mouth. Some dieticians think that drinking smoothies is not as good as eating the original fruit, because the smoothie has less fibre, and does not provide exercise for the jaw and other digestive processes which eating the fruit would give.

Smoothies are similar to milk shakes. Milk shakes are also a cold drink made with an electric blender. Milk shakes are usually made with milk, ice cream, and sweet syrups, such as chocolate syrup.


Groove

Groove could mean:


Sheave (mechanical)

A sheave (pronounced "sheev") is a wheel or roller with a groove along its edge for holding a belt, rope or cable. When hung between two supports with a belt, rope or cable, one or more sheaves make up a pulley. The words "sheave" and "pulley" are sometimes used interchangeably.

Unidentified flying object

A UFO (Unidentified Flying Object) is any object flying in the sky which cannot be identified by the person who sees it. Sometimes the object is investigated. If people can still not figure out what the object is after an investigation, it is called a UFO. If they figure out what the object is, it can no longer be called a UFO because it has been identified.

Even though UFOs can be anything, people often use the word "UFO" when they are talking about alien spacecraft. Flying saucer is another word that is often used to describe an unidentified flying object.

Studies estimate that 50-90% of all reported UFO sightings are identified later. Usually 10-20% are never identified. Studies also show that very few UFO sightings are hoaxes (people trying to trick other people). Most UFOs are actually natural or man-made objects that looked strange.

80-90% of IFOs are identified as one of three different things: 

10-20% of IFOs are other causes (such as birds, clouds, mirages, searchlights, etc.)



Second War of Scottish Independence

The Second War of Scottish Independence began in 1333 when Edward III of England did not accept the 1328 Treaty of Northampton any more, under which England recognised the legitimacy of the dynasty established by Robert Bruce. Edward was determined to support the claim of Edward Balliol, the son of the former king, John Balliol, over David II, Bruce's son and heir. Balliol had ruled in Scotland for a short time in the autumn of 1332, but was thrown out of the country later in the year. The war itself lasted until 1357, when David II was released from English captivity. English involvement in Scotland was also one of the factors that lead to the outbreak of the Hundred Years' War with France in 1337.


PRIMARY


SECONDARY


U.S. postal abbreviations

This is a list of postal code abbreviations used by the United States Postal Service. They are used to help the postal service process mail. In other contexts, such as newspaper articles, the traditional abbreviations for the states are used. 

In alphabetical order by postal abbreviation (not by state):

Booing

Booing means shouting "BOO!" several times. When people do this, it means that they do not like it. It is the opposite of applause (clapping to show that the performance was good).

If people shout "boo" after a performance (for example, a concert, play or opera) they are showing that they did not like it. 

Booing and hissing used to be very common, especially at the opera. In the early days of opera (from the 17th to the early 19th century) opera audiences often behaved badly. They went to the opera to chat with their friends, to cheer their favorite singers and to boo the singers they did not like, not to listen carefully to the music.

Booing has recently become less common in Western culture except at sports events because people think it is rude. Audiences today are more likely simply not to clap if they do not like a performance. Slow hand-clapping is also a way of showing sarcastic applause.


Applause

Applause is the sound made by an audience who are clapping their hands (applauding) to thank someone for a performance. People at a concert usually applaud when the performers come onto the stage. This is a way of welcoming them. At the end of a performance people applaud again to thank the performers.

People may applaud after someone makes a speech or at a sporting match. They will applaud after a play in the theatre or at the end of an opera. The length of applause (how long they applaud for) may depend on how much they liked the performance. If they liked it very much they may also shout "BRAVO!". When an audience applauds with really wild excitement it is called an "ovation". Very occasionally (in English-speaking cultures) an audience might all stand up as well. This is called a "standing ovation".

Kyle Busch

Kyle Thomas Busch (born May 2, 1985) is a NASCAR race car driver. Busch races in the Monster Energy Cup, Xfinity Series and the Camping World Truck Series. Kyle's brother, Kurt Busch also races in the Sprint Cup series.

Busch won his 100th NASCAR race on July 17, 2011. He is only the third driver in NASCAR history to do this. The other two drivers are Richard Petty with 200 wins, and David Pearson with 106 wins. With over 50 wins in the Nationwide series, Busch has more wins than any other driver in that series. At the end of the 2015 Sprint Cup Series, Kyle Busch won his first Sprint Cup Series Championship.

As of December 9th 2019 he is the WWE 24/7 Champion after pinning R-Truth.

498a

Section 498-A is an offence under the Indian Penal Code, 1860. It was brought into the IPC in 1983 to stop cruelty to married women because of dowry. This often led to their deaths. It makes it a crime to be cruel to your wife or to your relative's wife. The law explains that "cruelty" means anything that is done on purpose, and either causes harm to the woman or makes the woman want to kill herself. It also makes the laws against dowry or payment made by the bride's family to the husband's family stronger. It makes it a crime to harass a woman to try to make her family pay a dowry.

If someone breaks this law he can be put in prison for up to 3 years with fine.

The law is criticized. The critics of the law say it allows a woman to ask the police to arrest her husband without any evidence or investigation, and that women have abused the law in domestic disputes. Others say it gives important support to women who are vulnerable from abusive husbands. The Supreme Court of India expressed its concerns over the misuse of section 498-A and termed it ""Legal Terrorism"".

These are the some useful Judgement which a use in discharged and final argument in case MyRights is an organization which fights for Justice and provides free legal tips and tutorial. Some Advocates and lawyer are also member of Myrights.


Caesar cipher

In cryptography, a Caesar cipher is an ancient form of substitution cipher. It is named in the honor of Roman emperor, Julius Caesar

To encrypt a message with a Caesar cipher, each letter in the message is changed using a simple rule: shift by three. Each letter is replaced by the letter three letters later in the alphabet. A becomes D, B becomes E, and so on. For the last letters, we can think of the alphabet as a circle and "wrap around". W becomes Z, X becomes A, Y becomes B, and Z becomes C. To change a message back, each letter is replaced by the one three before it.

However it is very easy to break a Caesar cipher, even if you change the "key number" to a different number. Using a more modern form of encryption would be better.
Changing by three is the rule that the well known Julius Caesar used, but the same idea works for any number. ROT13 can be seen as a modern version of the Caesar cipher, with the same weaknesses.

The Caesar cipher is a "substitution cipher": each letter is replaced by another. No substitution cipher is safe for sensitive information.

Social engineering (security)

Social engineering is a type of confidence trick to influence people with the goal to illegally obtain sensitive data (i.e. passwords, credit card information). Social engineers observe the personal environment of their victims and use fake identities to gain secret information or free services. In most cases, social engineering is used to infiltrate third party computer systems to spy on sensitive data.

An early way of social engineering first occurred in the 1980s and was named phreaking. Phreakers called phone companies and claimed to be system administrators and asked for passwords which they used to connect illegally and free of charge to the Internet.
A more modern form of social engineering is called phishing (derived from “fishing”), which is an attempt to get access to Internet user's data via faked WWW-addresses. The most common way of phishing is fraud mailing (also known as scam mailing), where the victim is being sent a fake e-mail i.e. of a bank. In most scam mails, the letter includes a link that is redirecting to a fake website which is logging the login ID and the appropriate password of the victim. The hackers are often using DNS-spoofing to fake the sender's e-mail address.

The main model of social engineering shows up with faked phone calls: the social engineer calls employees of a company and impersonates a technician who needs sensitive data to complete important technical operations. In advance the attacker has gathered information about work routines of the target company from public sources or former raid attempts, that gives him advantage in further social engineering trials.
The invader tries to confuse his victims and to seem trustful, using trade language and involving the victims in small talk. Further the assaulter pretends authority to frighten his victims. Under circumstances the employee actually requested technical support and is expecting such a phone call.

The prevention of social engineering is difficult. By influencing the victim subconsciously, the invader abuses typical human behavior like helpfulness in emergency situations or to respond with help to the seemingly helpful attacker.
General mistrust would disturb the efficient and trustful team work of an organization. The most effective way to avoid social engineering is to assure the identity of the caller. This can already be done by asking for the caller's name and phone number and to politely ask for patience, even if the caller's issue seems to be very urgent. Even if one could verify the caller's identity, one should only hand out the absolutely necessary information.

Social engineering became generally known through people such as Kevin Mitnick, who became one of the most wanted persons in the United States because of successfully invading government systems such as the Pentagon and the NSA. Further well known social engineers are the check scammer Frank Abagnale.


Hydroponics

Hydroponics or Hydro-culture is the method of growing plants in the nutrients that they need instead of soil. The plant foods are simply put into water instead and it makes a solution for the plants to live in. Vegetables, flowers and herbs can all be grown in water.

It is quite an old idea. The earliest published work on growing terrestrial plants without soil was the 1627 book "Sylva Sylvarum" by Francis Bacon, printed a year after his death. Water culture became a popular research technique after that. In 1929, William Frederick Gericke of the University of California at Berkeley began publicly promoting that solution culture be used for agricultural crop production. Oliver and Tintin are the pioneers of Hydroponics.

There are many ways to grow plants in this way. Here are some examples.

This puts or floats the plants in water containing nutrients into a container. The water is renewed by a control system to prevent the plants' roots from becoming dry. The water does not flow through the container but remains static. Because the water is still algae often grows, using nutrients and covering the plants roots so that they are not able to take in the nutrients so well. Algae growth can be reduced by using some method to prevent light from reaching the roots, for example, black plastic, or aluminum foil. The static solution has to be changed every week or two to ensure it has the correct amount of nutrients.

This is growing plants in a stream of continuously running water. The plants can be placed in a shallow container and the water containing the nutrients runs through the roots. This can be carried out in several different ways, either passing the water over the bare roots inside a tube or hollow container or passing the water through a mat of fiber into which the roots have grown or variations between the two. One of the main advantages of this system is that the nutrient water can be kept in a storage container and if any changes need to be made to the nutrient it is easy to do this to the storage container. The system usually runs by gravity, the storage container is placed in a higher position than the plants and the water trickles downwards until it has passed though the roots of the plants and into a lower storage container where it is pumped back up to the higher container. An advantage of this method is that it uses the nutrients efficiently, it allows oxygen to reach the roots (important for healthy growth) and the water can be adjusted very easily. The main disadvantages are that if any fault occurs with the circulation system the plants have little water to live on until the fault is corrected and the flow channels must be regular in their slope, if they are not then water can remain in the non-sloping areas and this can cause problems. 

This system does not use electricity to circulate the water containing nutrients. The system has a large container positioned higher than the plants and the water runs down through and to the plants in a controlled way. This system is used with plants that are grown in pots with the water being delivered to the base of the pot and capillary action drawing the water up into the pot.

This uses a system where the roots of the plants are contained in a chamber which is sprayed continuously or discontinuously with a fine mist of water containing nutrients. The roots of the plant hang in the air and the advantage of this system is that the roots have good access to oxygen. This system was invented in 1983 by Richard Spooner and has become a successful way of growing a wide range of crops including seed potato production, tomato production, leaf crops, and small salad leaves. Other advantages of aeroponics are that a much wider range of plants can be grown with this system, (some plants do not like to have their roots in water continuously) plants grow with only one quarter of the nutrients needed in normal hydroponics and NASA has an interest in this system because managing a spray is easier than handling liquids in zero gravity. Finally, plants grown by this method can be transferred to soil or another growing medium without suffering from a slowing of growth while they adjust to the new conditions. The main disadvantage is that this system is more costly to build and maintain than the normal hydroponic systems.

This method is also known as passive hydroponics or semi-hydroponics. This system has the plants growing in a porous material like special clay granules, vermiculite, fiber glass, coconut husk, perlite or a similar substance that holds water, has lots of air spaces but does not act directly on the plants roots. The water is run through the material to keep it wet and the material keeps the plants roots separated to allow a good contact with the air to help the plant use oxygen and carbon dioxide. this method is easy to set up and control and is suitable for a number of plants like orchids or bromeliads that in nature grow with their roots in warm damp air.

This method is also known as "Flood and Drain". It uses a method that has a large container of water with nutrients positioned below the level of the plants being grown and at intervals the water is pumped or manually lifted to irrigate the plants and then drain back into the container. This is a simple method to build and can be easily controlled with an automatic mechanism.

This is a method where plants are grown on a material that holds some water but has many air spaces, such as vermiculite, perlite, fibreglass or coarse sand. The water with nutrients is controlled by a timer and the amount of irrigation will depend on several factors such as temperature, the size of the plants, the type of material the plants are growing in and other more technical things. The water runs to a collecting container after irrigating the plants and may be used again or discarded. This system is used very widely for growing commercial crops of vegetables such as tomatoes and cucumbers.

This involves the growing of plants hanging in water with nutrients. The plants are held in nets with their roots in the water. The nets may or may not contain a material to separate the roots. The water has air pumped through it to increase the oxygen in the water which assists the roots to grow.

This is a method which is used together with the above method of Deep Water Culture. In the early stages of growth the roots of the plants are irrigated with water and nutrients that are pumped through an air-stone to introduce a high level of dissolved oxygen into the water which greatly helps the young roots to grow. It is usually used only in the early stages of growth when the plants are forming roots clumps.


Crop rotation

Crop rotation is a practice used in farming. It involves the planting of different seeds on the same land in different years or seasons, using a set pattern. This technique helps replace the nutrients in the soil for the plants. It also reduces plant-specific pests on the land.

A Hard Day's Night

A Hard Day’s Night was a 1964 album by The Beatles, released on 10 July of that year. It was the soundtrack to the movie of the same name, starring the Beatles and directed by Richard Lester. It was their third album. It is said that the title was accidentally said by Ringo Starr during the filming of the movie.

The movie was made because United Artists, a movie company, wanted to sell a soundtrack album. Many movies that included rock and roll were not good movies. The Beatles did not want to star in a movie unless it was well made, with a good plot. United Artists agreed, and a playwright, Alun Owen, was hired.

Alun Owen travelled with the Beatles on a concert tour. He was to write a fictional story at first, based on how the band interacted with other people, but Owen decided the best story to tell was real, based on what he saw. The "grandfather" character (played by Wilfrid Brambell) was added to appeal to older viewers. Brambell was a popular television actor, who starred in "Steptoe and Son" (a forerunner of "Sanford and Son") as a "dirty old" junk dealer.

Even with a script, the Beatles improvised (made up) some of their own dialogue in the movie. They also acted out ideas from the director, Richard Lester.

In the movie's storyline, the Beatles go to London to perform in a television program. Paul's family send along his grandfather, so he and Paul can keep each other company. The grandfather is a "mixer", and likes to cause trouble between people. (He is also noticed often as being "very clean"; a play on Brambell's "dirty" television role.)

The Beatles enjoy breaking rules and expectations, and playing jokes. Their manager Norm and road manager "Shake" try to make things run smoothly, but have a busy time keeping up with both the Beatles and Paul's grandfather, and making sure the television show goes as planned. (Norm and Shake were based loosely on road managers Neil Aspinall and Mal Evans.)

This is the only Beatles album on which all songs are by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, and their first to only have only songs written by the Beatles.


The first seven songs were used in the movie.

Changeling

In stories (folklore), a changeling is the child of a troll, elf, or fairy that has been left in the place of a human child. The stolen human child then lives with the troll family. A changeling is like a human baby but ugly, always hungry, and with a bad temper. Sometimes the changelings are much wiser than a human baby would be. 

It is thought that changeling stories came from actual events. A family who had a handicapped or sick child may have traded their sick child for a healthier, better-looking child.

Folklore says that it might be possible for parents to figure out that their child has been replaced with a changeling. If they discovered the changeling quickly enough, they could get their human child back. One way to get the child back was to put the changeling in an oven. Another way was to put the changeling in a forest so that the troll could take its child back. Sometimes children died in the oven or forest.

Bomb

A bomb is an explosive object that makes and lets out its energy very quickly. This detonation makes a big shock wave. Bombs have been used for centuries. Some bombs also throw out dangerous metal fragments, and some are firebombs. 

Most bombs do not contain more energy than ordinary fuel, except in the case of a nuclear weapon. However, they release their energy more quickly, thus are more powerful.

A bomb is usually some kind of container filled with explosive material that is designed to destroy things. The word bomb comes from the Greek word "βόμβος" (bombas), an onomatopoeic term with almost the same meaning as "boom" in English.

Air forces send bombers to destroy enemy targets. Terrorists use bombs in suicide attacks. Explosive materials used in mining work the same way, but are usually not called bombs.


Dieter Bohlen

Dieter Gunther Bohlen is a German musician, born on 7 February 1954. He was born in Berne, Lower Saxony. He was a member of Modern Talking, but now appears in the TV programme "Germany Searches for a Superstar" , which is the German version of Pop Idol and American Idol.

SWOT Analysis

SWOT Analysis is a tool to find out the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats that are to be expected in a project or in a business venture or in something similar. It means that the situation (internal and external to the organization or individual) is looked at. It is one of the best tools to conduct the internal and external analysis for any company.

Internal factors may include , , opportunities, and all of the 's 4Ps.

External factors include , , , and sociocultural changes, as well as changes in the marketplace.

SWOT analysis can be used in any decision-making situation. SWOT analysis can be used:


The SWOT analysis has been used in community work as a tool to identify positive and negative factors within organizations.

Although SWOT analysis is a part of the planning, it will not provide a strategic plan if used by itself, but a SWOT list can becomes a series of recommendations.

Strengths and weaknesses ("internal factors within an organization"):


Opportunities and threats ("external factors from community or societal forces"):


Project

A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service. 

The word "project" comes from the Latin word "projectum" from "projicere", "to throw something forwards" which in turn comes from "pro-", which denotes something that precedes the action of the next part of the word in time (paralleling the Greek πρό) and "jacere", "to throw". The word "project" thus actually originally meant "something that comes before anything else is done". When the word was initially adopted, it referred to a plan of something, not to the act of actually carrying this plan out. Something performed in accordance with a project was called an object. This use of "project" changed in the 1950s when several techniques for project management were introduced. With this advent the word slightly changed meaning to cover both projects and objects. However, in certain projects there may still exist so called "objects" and "object leaders", reflecting the older use of the words.


Projects differ from operations, because operations are continuous and repeating (projects are temporary), and operations deliver the same or almost the same results (project results are in contrast unique).

A project usually needs resources to deliver its results. Most of the time project execution is based on detailed plan, which considers also external factors and constraints. Planning, execution and controlling of project is the primary field of project management. For major projects it is necessary sometimes to set up a special temporary organization, consisting of a project team and one or more work teams.

Major projects can be divided into subprojects, and program denotes collection of related projects.

Projects can be categorised based on different aspects.

Based on project content

Based on initiating or participating organisation

Based on complexity


Scottsdale

The place name Scottsdale can refer to:


Central Time Zone

The Central Time Zone subtracts six hours from UTC during standard time (UTC−6) and five hours during daylight saving time (UTC−5).

This time zone is called Central Standard Time (CST) during standard time (Winter). It is called Central Daylight Time (CDT) during daylight saving time (Summer). In the United States and Canada, this time zone is often just called Central Time (CT).

The zone is one hour ahead of the Mountain Time Zone and one hour behind the Eastern Time Zone.

The largest city in the Central Time Zone is Mexico City. In the United States, the largest city is Chicago, and the largest metropolitan area is the Chicago metropolitan area.

In Canada, this time zone includes all of Manitoba, nearly all of Saskatchewan, a little part of western Ontario, and part of Nunavut (most of the Kivalliq Region and part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region).

In the United States, the time zone includes the entire area of the states of 
Alabama, 
Arkansas, 
Illinois, 
Iowa, 
Louisiana, 
Minnesota, 
Missouri, 
Mississippi, 
Oklahoma, and 
Wisconsin.

It also includes parts of Florida, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee, and Texas.

Most of Mexico belongs to the Central Time Zone. The six northwestern states are not part of the time zone.

Central Time Zone includes the Central American countries of Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Nicaragua and Costa Rica. In South America, this zone includes the Ecuadorian province of Galápagos. In Oceania, the Chilean Easter Island also belongs to this time zone.

Daylight saving time occurs from the second Sunday of March to the first Sunday of November. During daylight saving, Central Time Zone is only 5 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC−5). Most of the locations in Central Time Zone observe daylight saving time. A few places do not. These include Saskatchewan, Central America and Galápagos. They stay on standard time all year.

Gioachino Rossini

Gioachino Rossini (born Pesaro 29 February 1792; died Passy 13 November 1868) was an Italian composer. He was the most famous composer of operas in his time. His operas had lots of new ideas. Italian operas had become rather unimaginative, with composers such as Cimarosa and Paisiello writing the same sort of thing each time. Rossini made his operas interesting by writing skillfully for the singers, giving them good tunes, as well as giving the orchestra interesting music, and by choosing a variety of stories for his operas. The opera for which he is best known today is the "Il Barbiere di Siviglia" ("The Barber of Seville"). Many of the overtures to his operas are played at orchestral concerts. The most popular is the overture to his opera "Guillaume Tell" ("William Tell") with its feature in the British TV show "The Adventures of William Tell."

Rossini retired in 1829 and wrote no music for almost thirty years, but late in his life he began to compose again. He wrote no more operas, but did write some piano music and the "Petite messe solonnelle". His friends begged him to write another opera but he always refused.

Rossini was born on 29 February of the leap year 1792. His birthplace was Pesaro, a small town in Italy on the Adriatic coast. His father played the horn in military bands and opera houses and his mother sang in operas. Often his parents toured together and the young Rossini was left in the care of his grandmother. The family eventually settled in Bologna. Rossini had lessons in singing, cello, piano and counterpoint. He did not like the counterpoint lessons, but it did help him to study different styles of music and he became very good at writing harmony in a clear way.

Italian opera at this time needed a new composer to bring more life into it. Five of his first nine operas were written for the Teatro S Moise in Venice. Other theatres soon asked him to write operas. In 1812 he wrote "La pietra del paragone" for the Teatro alla Scala in Milan. It was a great success. Many of these early operas were comic operas (opera buffa). Sometimes he had to produce so many new operas that he kept reusing some of the music he had already written in another opera. Nevertheless, they include a lot of fine music, and Rossini was developing his musical personality. His overtures have a fine sense of orchestral colour. He often started with a slow section and then went into fast music with a crescendo. Because he did this a lot it is often called a “Rossini crescendo” or “Rossini rocket”.

It was not easy for him to earn enough money to keep himself. He only got paid for the operas he took part in. There were no copyright laws in those days. The important singers were well paid, but the composers earned much less. We know very little about his life at this time, but we do know that he travelled a lot. His most famous operas from this period are "Tancredi", "La Gazza Ladra" ("The Thieving Magpie") and "Il barbiere di Siviglia" ("The Barber of Seville") which has often been called the greatest of all comic operas.

By 1815 Rossini’s operas were famous everywhere in Western Europe except in Naples. Neapolitan opera had been famous throughout the 18th century and the city was proud of its tradition. The Neapolitans did not want a young composer from the north to continue their operatic tradition. Nevertheless, Rossini soon won their hearts. He wrote for the Teatro S Carlo which had a fine orchestra and very good singers. He wrote many of his best serious operas (opera seria) for Naples, and this tradition which he built up made it possible for Verdi to take over thirty years later as Italy’s leading opera composer.

Rossini’s international fame took him to Vienna where he met Beethoven. After returning to Italy for a while he travelled to Paris and England. He was only 31 years old and had written 34 operas. The Paris audiences already knew his operas. In London a Rossini Festival was organized. Most of the time in England he spent at social parties at the houses of rich people who were glad to pay him money to come and be their guest. Soon after this he settled in Paris for five years. He was director of the Théâtre-Italien until 1836. His two greatest operas from this period were "Le Comte Ory" (which was an opéra comique) and "Guillaume Tell" which was based on a play by Schiller. These works have beautifully flowing tunes (like Italian opera) as well as grand drama (like French opera).

In 1829, at the age of 37, Rossini decided to retire. He had lots of money but his health was not particularly good. Although he wrote a few small pieces of music he never composed another opera. He went back to Bologna, although he returned to Paris nearly 20 years later with his wife. Here his health improved and he wrote some music again. His "Petite messe solennelle" for 12 voices, two pianos and harmonium is still performed today. When he died in 1868 thousands of people came to his funeral.

Rossini was a composer of both the classical and romantic periods. He was brought up hearing 18th century opera, and much of his best known music is still Classical in style, but he developed a lot as he matured and was writing in a more Romantic way by the end of his career. He gradually stopped writing music which has set numbers all the time: music divided sharply into arias and recitative. His recitative became more expressive and was accompanied by the orchestra instead of by a harpsichord. This helped to make his music more continuous. He did not often write for castrati as they were going out of fashion. The chorus have an important part in the drama of his operas (in 18th century opera they just used to comment on what was going on).

Salerno

Salerno is a southern Italian city. It has a port. It faces the Mediterranean Sea. It is capital of the province of Salerno.

Opera house

An opera house is a building where operas and ballets are performed. It is similar to a theatre.

The first opera houses were built in the 1630s in Italy, about thirty years after the first operas were written. Traditionally they have a stage where the action takes place and a proscenium archway with a curtain that can be drawn back when the performance begins. In front of the stage is an orchestra pit which is a little lower than the stage so that the audience can still see the stage. The audience sit in the auditorium which is often horse-shoe shaped. The downstairs seats are called “stalls”. Round the stalls there are two or three tiers (storeys) of boxes. Each box can seat a small number of people. At the top towards the back there is a balcony and often a gallery along the sides as well. Some seats in the gallery may have restricted view (it is not possible to see all of the stage).

Some of the most famous opera houses in the world are Teatro alla Scala (or “La Scala”) in Milan, the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London, the Metropolitan Opera House in New York, the War Memorial Opera house in San Francisco, the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow and the Sydney Opera House in Sydney which is a very modern building.

Kullervo

Kullervo is a person in the Finnish national epic Kalevala. He is a good looking man with golden hair. Bad things happen to him; his destiny is tragic.

In folk stories Kullervo is the son of the giant Kaleva. In the Kalevala however Kullervo is the son of a man called Kalervo.

In the Kalevala Kullervo's family is killed by Untamo's family before Kullervo is born. Only one woman is not killed. She gives birth to Kullervo who will be a slave of Untamo. Every work that Kullervo tries goes ill. This is why Untamo sells him to a smith called Ilmarinen.

Ilmarinen puts Kullervo to shepherd cows. Ilmarinen's wife gives Kullervo bread that has stones in it. While Kullervo cuts the bread his knife hits the stone and breaks. Kullervo gets angry and curses bears to eat cows and Ilmarinen's wife. Then he escapes.

While travelling Kullervo has sex with a girl. He does not know that this is his own sister. When he finds out he goes very angry and attacks Untamo and kills him and his family. Then he commits suicide.

The story of Kullervo differs from all other folktales in the respect that it describes the effects of child abuse in a very realistic way, and in the end of the poem Väinämöinen especially warns all parents from abusing their children.

Ephraïm Inoni

Ephraïm Inoni (born 16 August, 1947) is the former Prime Minister of Cameroon, a country in central west Africa. H.E. Ephraim Inoni comes from the South West province in Cameroon, which is part of the Anglophone provinces in Cameroon. Ephraim Inoni is a member of the ruling party and a strong supporter of President Paul Biya. He was part of President Paul Biya's campaign team in 2006.
"Chief Inoni Ephraim claimed his innocence after the judge gave him a 20 years sentence for his alleged participation in funds embezzlement in the Albatross affair."
Inoni was found guilty of conspiracy in the embezzlement of about $31 million in a fouled up 2001 deal to purchase an airplane for the President Paul Biya of Cameroon. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison by the Yaounde Special Criminal Tribunal.

Compton scattering

In physics, Compton scattering, or the Compton effect, is the name used for what happens to the energy (or frequency or wavelength) of an X-ray or gamma ray photon when it interacts with matter; the wavelength increases (or energy/frequency decreases) as it scatters off electrons. This scattering is one of the main things that happen when gamma rays meet matter. The Compton effect was studied by Arthur Holly Compton in 1923.

Scottsdale, Arizona

Scottsdale (; ) is a city in the southwestern part of the state of Arizona in the United States. In 2020 there were 241,361 people living in Scottsdale.

The city is in the Salt River Valley, or the, "Valley of the Sun", in the northern Sonoran Desert. To the east and northeast of Scottsdale is the McDowell Mountain Range. Scottsdale borders the city of Phoenix and town of Paradise Valley to the west, Tempe to the south, and Fountain Hills to the east.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 477.7 km² (184.4 mi²). 477.1 km² (184.2 mi²) of it is land and 0.6 km² (0.2 mi²) of it (0.12%) is water.

Scottsdale's climate is arid. Winters are mild and summers are very hot. The lowest temperature ever recorded in the city is 19.0 °F (−7.2 °C), on February 20, 1955, and the highest temperature ever recorded is 119.0 °F (48.3 °C), on June 26, 1970 and August 2, 1972.

Scottsdale was originally inhabited by Hohokam. From 800 to 1400, this ancient civilization farmed the area and built ingenious irrigation canals.

The city was incorporated in 1951. The seal, which shows a mounted cowboy surrounded by a 64-pointed star burst, was designed by Mrs. Gene Brown Pennington.

There are many businesses in Scottsdale. Many of them are in a business park known as The Scottsdale Air Park. Some of these companies are: AXA, GE Capital, DHL, Discount Tire Company, Tempo Creative, Fidelity Investments, JDA Software and The Vanguard Group.

Scottsdale is seen as an upscale tourist and shopping destination. It is also known as a good model of western American style. The New York Times described downtown Scottsdale as "a desert version of Miami's South Beach." The Times article also stated there was "plenty of late night partying and a buzzing hotel scene".

Scottsdale is governed by a mayor and city council, all of whom are elected "at large" to represent the entire city. A city manager is responsible for the leadership of the city staff. He also helps carry out the council policies, develops programs and budgets to respond to council goals, and makes sure that people get effective and efficient city services. The city manager also serves as the city treasurer.

The Scottsdale City Hall was designed by architect Bennie Gonzales in 1968, and was designed with an area for community meetings.

Public education in Scottsdale is provided by the Scottsdale Unified School District. Some parts of the town fall under other school districts in the Phoenix Metro Area, including the "Cave Creek Unified School District", Paradise Valley Unified School District, Phoenix Union High School District, Tempe Union High School District, and the Balsz Elementary School District

There are five major high schools in Scottsdale: Arcadia High School, Chaparral High School, Coronado High School, Desert Mountain High School, and Saguaro High School.

The primary college in the city is Scottsdale Community College. The college actually lies inside the Salt River Pima Maricopa Indian Reservation. Many students also commute to nearby Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. Penn Foster College, a distance education college, is based in Scottsdale

Scottsdale is also home of the International School of Arizona, a non-profit language school that teaches children who speak a foreign language (French or Spanish).

Scottsdale has four branches within the Scottsdale Public Library System. A fifth is currently being built.


REO Speedwagon

REO Speedwagon is an American rock band. They formed in Illinois in the late 1960s. The band continues to record and tour to this day. They were most popular in the 1980s, when they had a #1 album and two #1 singles.



Will

Will may refer to:











Carlisle

Carlisle is a city in the north of England near the border with Scotland. It is in the countyof Cumbria. Carlisle has a population of 71,773 people.

Carlisle's football team is called Carlisle United and they play at Brunton Park.

Carlisle is famous for Carr's Table Water Biscuits. They are only made in Carlisle and are by appointment of her majesty the Queen. 

Several rivers run through Carlisle, including the Rivers Eden, Caldew, Petteril and Constitution River and Carlisle River.

Stanislas Konarski

Stanisław Konarski, Sch.P. (actual name: Hieronim Konarski; 30 September 1700 – 3 August 1773) was a Polish teacher and writer. He wrote political books, poems, and plays. He was a monk - member of the order of Piarists; he brought the Enlightenment in Poland.
Between 1725 and 1727 Konarski learned at the Collegium Nazarenum in Rome, where he became a teacher of rhetoric - the art of good speaking. After that, in order to make better his own learning, he traveled through France, Germany and Austria. In 1730 he went back to Poland and began to work on a new text of Polish law ("Volumina legum"). 

From 1736 Konarski taught at the Collegium Resoviense in Rzeszów and in 1740 he started the Collegium Nobilium in Warsaw, a school for sons of the people of high social class ("szlachta"). Thereafter, he improved teaching of Piarists in Poland, in a way that agrees with his program of teaching ("Ordinationes Visitationis Apostolicae...", 1755). His improvements became an important point in the fight of 18th century to make the system of Polish teaching more modern.

In the beginning, Konarski was joined politically with King Stanislas Leszczynski; later, he came near to Czartoryski's "Familia" and to King Stanislas August Poniatowski. He took part in the well-known "Thursday dinners". Stanislas August Poniatowski caused that a medal was made in the honor of Konarski, with his likeness. There was written in Latin: "Sapere auso" ("who was brave to be wise").

Gaetano Donizetti

Gaetano Donizetti (born Bergamo 29 November 1797; died Bergamo 8 April 1848) was an Italian composer. He was the most famous composer of operas in Italy in the years between the death of Bellini (1835) and the time when Verdi was becoming well-known. Bellini and Donizetti wrote operas in the bel canto style: music with beautiful, smooth melodies.

Donizetti’s family were very poor. His talent was discovered by Simon Mayr who was maestro di cappella (music director) at S Maria Maggiore in Bergamo. He opened a school which trained boys to sing in the church choir and gave them a good musical education. Donizetti learned a lot from Mayr and was always very grateful to him.

Donizetti’s first operas were performed in Venice. A rich lady who realized he was very talented paid so that he did not have to do military service. His opera "Zoraida di Granata" was very successful in Rome and he was given a contract for an opera for Naples. For several years he composed between two and five operas every year. They were not particularly successful. One of the reasons was that the libretti he was given (the words he had to set) were not very good. 

In 1828 he married. None of their three children lived very long and his wife died in 1837 which made him very sad during his last years. This can be felt in his music.

His opera "Anna Bolena" made him internationally famous. It was performed in London and Paris. His opera "Maria Stuarda" was based on a play by Schiller. It was not popular at first. The audience did not like the tragic ending. Today it is recognized as containing some great music, especially in the final scene. After a visit to Paris he returned to Naples to produce "Lucia di Lammermoor" which was based on Scott’s novel "The Bride of Lammermoor". There is a French version as well as an Italian version of this opera. 

In 1838 he moved to Paris where he had his operas performed in four theatres. Berlioz wrote very critical articles about him in a music journal. Donizetti had gone to Paris hoping that he would earn lots of money so that he could then retire, just like Rossini had done. However, his health was not good and he found it harder to concentrate. He managed to composed "Don Pasquale" which is one of the best comic operas every written, but it does have a lot of music that he had written earlier. He was obviously finding it difficult to think of new ideas. Soon he became really ill. He was suffering from syphilis. He was put in a sanatorium near Paris for 17 months. In 1847 some friends arranged for him to stay with them, but he was very ill by then. He was paralysed and almost unable to speak. His friends looked after him until he died.

He was buried in Bergamo. His remains are now in a church there. The house where he was born is a museum.

St. Catherine

There are nine St. Catherines:


There is a


See also:

Blonde

Blond or blonde is a light color of hair or a person with this color hair. The spelling "blonde" means a person with this hair colour, and the spelling "blond" may mean another person with the same hair color. The color itself can have either spelling ("blonde" or "blond"), according to "Merriam-Webster's Dictionary".

Natural blonds have quite fair skins, and their skin is finer (less thick) than people with dark skin. Light skin is natural amongst people living (or whose ancestors lived) in northern climates. It is an adaptation for their skins to make vitamin D. This vitamin is essential for health, and people in northern climates may not make enough. 

One thing to mention: hair colour may change during life, and many children have blond hair at first, but it grows darker as they get older. That's a normal thing. Blondes do not make the melanin for their hair (and skin) to go dark. It is very unusual to see a blond person with dark skin, but it does happen occasionally. 

People who are blonde have less pigment in their hair than dark haired people. To be blonde is usually to have blonde ancestors. It is not albinism. People may also use chemicals to make themselves blonde, but that is just a fashion thing. 

"Natural" blondes are most common around the Baltic Sea and Scandinavia. The Nordic countries such as Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, and Finland also have many blond people. Ireland and Scotland also have a high number of natural blondes. 
Likewise in Poland), north-western parts of Russia.

Harold Macmillan

Maurice Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton, OM, PC (10 February 1894 – 29 December 1986), was a Conservative politician. He was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963.

Macmillan was in the Grenadier Guards during the First World War. After the war he joined his family publishing company. He entered Parliament at the 1924 general election. After losing his seat in 1929, he won it again in 1931.

During World War II, Churchill made Macmillan Minister Resident in the Mediterranean. This made him the go-between for Churchill and the British forces in North Africa and the Middle East. The Mediterranean was a major theatre of war, and Macmillan's work made his name as a serious politician.

Macmillan became Foreign Secretary and then Chancellor of the Exchequer under Churchill's successor Sir Anthony Eden. When Eden resigned in 1957 after the Suez Crisis, Macmillan succeeded him as Prime Minister and Leader of the Conservative Party.

Macmillan presided over a country becoming richer, with low unemployment and high (but uneven) economic growth. In his Bedford speech of July 1957 he told the nation they had 'never had it so good'.

Macmillan was granted the last hereditary peerage given to a prime minister when he became the Earl of Stockton and Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden.

Crucifixion

Crucifixion is a way to execute (kill) someone, usually because they have committed a crime. It was used as a capital punishment by the government of Rome. A prisoner was beaten with whips, and made to carry their own cross. They were either tied or nailed to the cross. The Romans used different types of crosses: T-shaped, X-shaped, and sometimes just trees. It killed people by making them bleed, go into shock, and making it hard for them to breathe, eventually dying of suffocation. Some of the people would live for several days before dying. The Roman soldiers (which were like the police of that time) would often break the legs of the criminal to speed it up.

The most famous person to have been crucified was Jesus Christ, the Son of God according to the Christian religion. He was crucified along with two thieves. The cross later became a symbol of Christianity. Six of the twelve apostles of Jesus were also crucified later on, but most of them asked to be crucified in a different way from Jesus. For example, Andrew (who later became the patron saint of Scotland) was crucified on an X-shaped cross. In the year 337 AD, Emperor Constantine I abolished crucifixion in the Roman Empire.

Steeple

A steeple is the tower at the top of a church, which is a building or temple of the Christian religion. It often has a cross at the top, in memory of Jesus' crucifixion.


Baltic paganism

Baltic Paganism are different religions and mythologies that people had in Baltic countries before Christianity and that some people still have. All of those religions have their own features but also between these religions many things are similar. Baltic pagans just like Scandinavian and Finnish pagans believes that greatest god is a male god of sky and thunder. He has a hammer or axe that makes lightning. This belief is very old. In the Stone Age, already had this kind of a god and that his weapon was a boat shaped stone axe. Corded Ware culture lived in a large area and many features of Nordic and Baltic people are derived from it.

Kaleva

Kaleva or Kalevi and his sons are people or creatures in Finnish, Karelian and Estonian stories. However many things about them are forgotten. 

The name of Estonian national Epos Kalevipoeg means "Sons of Kalevi" and the name of Finnish national epos Kalevala means "Land of Kaleva".

In Estonian stories sons of Kaleva are sons of King. 

Finnish people called Sirius "Kalevantähti" which means "Star of Kaleva". Belt of Orion was called Kalevas sword.
In Finnish stories they are more often giants. People told that some things in nature, like big or weird stones, are made by Kalevas sons. Stories tells that while people became Christians, they started to hate Kaleva's sons who remained pagans. Soon Kaleva's sons had to go away. All the time Christian people took more land, Kaleva's sons had to go farther away. At one island they staid and did not want to leave. Priests came and they cursed Kaleva's sons until they took a big stone and sailed with it away. They have not been seen since that, but sometimes they come at night and hits crop or even forest down.

Almost the same thing happened to Hiisi people who resembles trolls. Christian humans made them to flee also.

Yellowstone National Park

Yellowstone National Park is a national park in the United States. It was the world's first national park. United States President Ulysses S. Grant signed a law to create it in 1872. 

The name comes from the Yellowstone River, which flows through the park. Yellowstone became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1978.

Yellowstone National Park is famous for its geysers and hot springs. About half the world's geysers are in the park. The world's most famous geyser is the Old Faithful Geyser. It is in Yellowstone National Park. Large animals such as grizzly bears, wolves, bison and elk live in Yellowstone. Many tourists visit the park each year to see the geysers and animals.

The park is the main part of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. This is the largest, almost complete ecosystem in the Earth's northern temperate zone. It has many regions; the subalpine forest covers the largest area.

People have lived in the Yellowstone area for at least 11,000 years. Some Native Americans still lived there when the first people came from Europe in 1807/1808. John Colter, a trapper, came with the Lewis and Clark Expedition. They visited a big area which was unknown to the world at that time. Colter came back to St. Louis and told the people there that he had found a beautiful place of hot springs and geysers. This area was Yellowstone, but nobody believed him. Yellowstone was not famous at that time.

For the next sixty years, only a few other trappers traveled through the area, and the same thing happened to them. When they reported that Colter had been right, nobody listened to their stories. Then three trips between 1868 and 1871 visited Yellowstone, and they told the news of its beauty to the people in the East. One year later, on March 1, 1872, United States President Ulysses S. Grant signed a law to make the first National Park in the world.

For the first sixteen years, the Interior Department managed the park. But Congress did not give them any money. So from 1886 to 1917, the US Army managed it. Then the new National Park Service took over, and they have managed Yellowstone since then.

Yellowstone was proposed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1978. The UNESCO committee chose Yellowstone because of its special geology, natural beauty, and natural environment with rare and endangered species.

About 96 percent of the park is in Wyoming. Three percent is in Montana and only one percent is in Idaho. The area of the park is about . It is bigger than Rhode Island or Delaware.

The park is on the Yellowstone Plateau, at an average elevation of above sea level. There are mountain ranges on most sides of the plateau. These are mountain ranges of the Middle Rocky Mountains, which range from to in elevation.

Three deep canyons are in the park. They were cut through the volcanic tuff of the Yellowstone Plateau by rivers over the last 640,000 years (since the last eruption). The most famous is called the "Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone".

The continental divide of North America goes diagonally through the southwestern part of the park. This separates the Pacific from Atlantic water drainage areas. The start of the Yellowstone and Snake Rivers are near each other but on opposite sides of the divide. So, the waters of the Snake River flow to the Pacific Ocean, and the Yellowstone goes to the Atlantic Ocean through the Gulf of Mexico. The following diagram shows the movement of the caldera over time.

Yellowstone is the place of a huge ancient volcano. Its remains are called the Yellowstone Caldera. The caldera is the biggest volcanic system in North America.

The cause of the volcano was a "hotspot" in the Earth's mantle, over which the American continental plate moved. 640,000 years ago a huge volcanic explosion blew of rock and lava into the air. It was 1000 times bigger than the Mount St. Helens eruption in 1980.

Yellowstone is a dormant volcano at present. Another eruption may happen in the future. The U.S. Geological Survey watches the volcano activity. There is ground movement, geysers, and small earthquakes. The caldera floor has been rising, but experts say there is no immediate danger of eruption.

For three months in 1985, 3,000 minor earthquakes happened in the northwest part of the park. Beginning on April 30, 2007, sixteen small earthquakes with magnitudes up to 2.7 happened in the Yellowstone Caldera for several days. 

These groups of earthquakes are common. There have been 70 groups of earthquakes in the park between 1983 and 2008. In January 2010, there were more than 250 earthquakes in two days. Seismic activity in Yellowstone National Park still happens. It is reported hourly by the Earthquake Hazards Program of the U.S. Geological Survey.

A study that was completed in 2011 found that at least 1283 geysers have erupted in Yellowstone. Of these, an average of 465 are active in a given year.

Yellowstone contains at least 10,000 thermal features altogether, including geysers, hot springs, mudpots, and fumaroles. Over half of the world's geysers and hydrothermal features are concentrated in Yellowstone.

Yellowstone has the finest megafauna wildlife (big animals) in the United States. There are almost 60 species of mammals in the park, including the gray wolf, threatened lynx, and grizzly bear. Other big mammals are the bison (buffalo), black bear, elk, moose, mule deer, white-tailed deer, mountain goat, pronghorn, bighorn sheep and mountain lion.

There were between 30 and 60 million bison in North America. They almost became extinct. Yellowstone is one of their last homes. In 1902, there were less than 50 bison. By 2003, there were more than 4,000.

The highest number of bison in the park was 4,900, in 2005. However, there were only 3,000 in 2008. That was after a very cold winter. Hundreds were also killed so that they did not spread brucellosis. Brucellosis is a very infectious bacterial disease. Cattle ranchers worry that brucellosis will spread to their cattle. Every year, park workers and members of Native American tribes kill some bison. This stops the herd from getting too big and spreading the disease. The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) said that vaccinations and other work could remove all brucellosis from the bison and elk in Yellowstone.

Starting in 1914, the U.S. Congress gave money to people for ""destroying wolves, prairie dogs, and other animals"" that harmed agriculture or livestock on public lands. After the wolves were gone from Yellowstone, the coyote became the park's top canine predator. However, the coyote cannot easily kill large animals. The result was a big increase in hurt and sick megafauna (mainly meaning bison).

By the 1990s, the Federal government had changed its mind about wolves. In a controversial decision by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, wolves were brought into the park from Canada. Scientists studied the wolves in 2005. They found 118 wolves in 13 wolf packs in Yellowstone Park and 326 wolves in the whole ecosystem.

The increase in the number of wolves in the states of Wyoming, Montana and Idaho has been so successful that they are no longer on the endangered species list.

About 600 grizzly bears live in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. More than half live in Yellowstone Park.

There are over 30,000 elk; this is the largest number of any big mammal species in Yellowstone. The northern herd has become much smaller since the mid-1990s. Wolves may cause this. Also, elk use more forested areas to hide from the wolves. This makes it harder for researchers to count them. The northern herd migrates west into southwestern Montana in the winter. The southern herd migrates south, and most of these elk stay on the National Elk Refuge during winter, southeast of Grand Teton National Park. The southern herd migration is the biggest migration of mammals in the U.S. outside of Alaska.

In 2003, the footprints of one female lynx and her child were found and followed for over . Feces and other material was tested and confirmed to belong to a lynx (no one actually saw a lynx). Lynx have not been seen in Yellowstone since 1998, though DNA taken from hair samples showed that lynx were going through the park. Other mammals that are seen less often are the mountain lion and very few wolverines. There are about 25 mountain lions in the park.

Yellowstone is home to six species of reptiles, such as the painted turtle and prairie rattlesnake, and four species of amphibians, including the boreal chorus frog.

Eighteen species of fish live in Yellowstone, including the Yellowstone cutthroat trout. Many anglers want this fish, and most of the fish live in Yellowstone. The Yellowstone cutthroat trout has faced several threats since the 1980s. Someone may have illegally added lake trout, an invasive species, to Yellowstone Lake. They eat the smaller cutthroat trout. An ongoing drought has caused problems for the cutthroat. A parasite called whirling disease kills younger fish. Since 2001, a "catch and release" law applies to all native sport fish species caught in Yellowstone waters.

311 species of birds have been found. Almost half of them nest in Yellowstone. As of 1999, twenty-six pairs of nesting bald eagles have been counted. Very rarely, whooping cranes have been seen; only three are known to live in the Rocky Mountains, out of 385 known worldwide. Other birds, which are at risk because they are rare in Yellowstone, include the common loon, harlequin duck, osprey, peregrine falcon and the trumpeter swan.

One reason for the strange climate in Yellowstone is its position in the Rocky Mountains. The temperature at the Mammoth Hot Springs is between in January and in July. Sudden temperature increases or decreases in the middle of a year are not rare.

However, the main reason (as explained above) is that the caldera is the biggest volcanic system in North America. It sits on top of a hotspot in the Earth's crust. In summer, there are temperatures of about in the lower areas, but they can go up to sometimes. There are many thunderstorms during the afternoons. There are relatively low temperatures during the night; they can get below zero in the mountains. Normal temperatures in winter are between .

The highest temperature recorded was in 1936, while the lowest temperature was in 1933 in Mason.

Yellowstone has many tourists each year. Many come for the natural beauty of Yellowstone Park. 

Yellowstone has many things to see, such as geysers, hot springs, a deep canyon, a river with many falls, forests, seas, mountains, wilderness, and wildlife. Many visitors say these attractions are beautiful. 

More than 2.8 million tourists have been to Yellowstone since 1990. In 2010, 3.64 million people went to it. About 140,000 people come in the winter to see snow attractions, for example driving snowmobiles. More than 4,500 people work in the hotels, parks and shops.

Conservation of the environment and life was the main reason for creating the national parks. 

Even before the creation of Yellowstone, the naturalist Henry David Thoreau and other supporters asked the government to protect nature and animals in that place. However, when the park was finally made, there was no such law. A law to stop most of the animals from being shot was not made until 1883, nearly 10 years after making the park. Hunting "protected" animals were not allowed because of that law. Even so, poachers could still operate. So in 1894, a new law called the "National Park Protection Act" was made. The US Congress protected nature, wildlife and other natural resources. The new law did not allow the killing or destroying of them, and only fishing was allowed. Nature, such as trees, mineral resources, and other things, were not allowed to be hurt.

Because Yellowstone has many forests, some fires happen. The last big fires were the "Yellowstone fires of 1988". They damaged more than of forest area and burned out more than of trees and forest. Also, of bush and grass were damaged. The effect of the fire can still be seen in some places, even after more than 30 years.

After 1988, new fire management plans were started: people are now not allowed to fight the fire, but let them burn and observe them. This was to keep the fire controlled. According to the 2004 plan, natural wildfires are allowed to burn so long as fire size, weather, and potential danger are within limits.



National park

A national park is a park or an area of land officially recognized and protected by a nation's government. National parks are often made to protect the animals that live inside them or the land itself. There are many National Parks in the world.

The first one established (in 1872) was the United States Yellowstone National Park. It was the first national park in the world. But the idea of protecting areas from human development was proposed years earlier. American painter George Catlin offered the idea during the 1830s. 

An international organization, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), and its World Commission on Protected Areas, has defined National Parks as its category II type of protected areas. The largest national park in the world meeting the IUCN definition is the Northeast Greenland National Park, which was established in 1974. According to the IUCN, there are about 7000 national parks worldwide (2010 figure).

In 1969 the IUCN (International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources) declared a national park to be a relatively large area with: 


While national parks are generally understood to be administered by national governments (hence the name), in Australia national parks are run by State Governments and predate the Federation of Australia. Also in Japan, some of them called "Quasi-national Parks" (国定公園) are recognized by the government and managed by local governments.



William Ewart Gladstone

William Ewart Gladstone (29 December 1809 – 19 May 1898) was a British Victorian politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom for the Liberal Party in four terms between 1868 and 1894.

His career lasted more than 60 years. He served as Liberal Prime Minister four times. This was more than any other person (1868–1874, 1880–1885, 1886 and 1892–1894). Gladstone was 84 years old when he resigned for the last time. This made him Britain's oldest ever Prime Minister. He served as Chancellor of the Exchequer four times (1853–1855, 1859–1866, 1873–1874 and 1880–1882).

Gladstone was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford.


Anthony Eden

Robert Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon (12 June 1897–14 January 1977) was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He was better known throughout his time in office as Sir Anthony Eden. He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford.

Eden was one of the best-known politicians of his generation. He was appointed Foreign Secretary in 1935 by Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, and resigned in 1938 in protest at Chamberlain's appeasement of Adolf Hitler. He was Churchill's Foreign Secretary during World War II, and again in 19511955.

He had an operation to remove gallstones in 1953. The operation went wrong, and his health was ruined. He became Prime Minister in 1955 when Winston Churchill retired. He resigned as Prime Minister in 1957, and Harold Macmillan replaced him. The Suez Crisis of 1956 was a critical period. This and his health led up to his resignation as Prime Minister. Eden died of liver cancer, aged 79. His widow, Clarissa Eden, Countess of Avon, was born in 1920 and died in 2021. She was a niece of Winston Churchill.

Eden's life can be described in two halves. The first half, in the 1930s and in wartime, was brilliant. But he is often ranked among the least successful British Prime Ministers of the 20th century. Two broadly sympathetic biographies (in 1986 and 2003) have gone some way to redressing the balance of opinion. D.R. Thorpe says the Suez Crisis "was a truly tragic end to his premiership, and one that came to assume a disproportionate importance in any assessment of his career".

Born into an aristocratic family.

He volunteered for the British army at the beginning of the First World War, participated in the fighting in France.

In 1919—1922 he was a student at the Faculty of Oriental Languages at Oxford, graduating with honors.

From 1945 to 1973 he served as rector of the University of Birmingham.

In 1961, he received the title of count.

Eden had three sons. The elder and middle sons died before him. His Earl of Avon title was inherited by the younger son, Nicholas. When Nicholas died, the title became extinct.

Member of the House of Commons from 1923 to 1957.

From 1935 to 1938 (Baldwin's cabinet) Minister of Foreign Affairs. He resigned as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Chamberlain's cabinet on February 20, 1938, due to disagreement with the Prime Minister's policy of "appeasement" towards Italy and Germany.

He served as Foreign Minister in Churchill's military government (1940—1945), was considered Churchill's successor, but distinguished himself primarily as Foreign Minister in the war. Leader of the House of Commons from 1942 to 1945.

After Labor's election victory in July 1945, he was Deputy Leader of the Opposition.

From 1951 to 1955 Minister of Foreign Affairs and Deputy Prime Minister.

After Churchill's resignation in 1955, he was appointed prime minister. His premiership turned out to be short-lived and unsuccessful, both from a foreign policy point of view (the Suez crisis of 1956, which ended catastrophically for Great Britain), and from a domestic political point of view (he had to resign after mass protests by the population and cede leadership in the party to Macmillan).

Stanley Baldwin

Stanley Baldwin, 1st Earl Baldwin of Bewdley, (3 August 186714 December 1947) was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom three times. He presided over the economic crisis of the 1930s and abdication of King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom.

He also believed in being soft on Germany since many people in nearby countries were German and wanted to become part of it, the country stopped the Soviet Union from spreading its communism and most British people did not want another world war. 

Alec Douglas-Home

Alexander Frederick Douglas-Home, Baron Home of the Hirsel, (; 2 July 1903 – 9 October 1995) was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1963 to 1964. He was better known as Alec Douglas-Home.

Home was a Member of Parliament and a junior official (a Parliamentary Private Secretary) when Neville Chamberlain went to Munich to meet Adolf Hitler in 1938. He was present at the main meetings between Hitler and Chamberlain. Later in life, he was appointed by Harold Macmillan as Foreign Secretary in 1960–1963, and again in Edward Heath's government from 1970 to 1974.

Home's name and title changed a few times during his life. Born as Alexander Frederick Douglas-Home, he became Lord Dunglass when his father became the Earl of Home. Dunglass is a junior title, that is, a lower title which is held by the eldest son. When his father died Alec became the 14th Earl of Home. He also became Baron Douglas in the peerage of the United Kingdom (that was also a junior title).

When he was chosen as Leader of the Conservative Party after Harold Macmillan retired, he knew it would be difficult to lead a government from the House of Lords. So he renounced his title, four days after becoming Prime Minister. Once he renounced the title, he became simply Sir Alec Douglas-Home. He had been made a Knight of the Thistle in 1962. Finally, after he lost the election of 1964, he was given a life peerage, titled 'Baron Home of the Hirsel'. That title is not hereditary but, after his death, his son became the 15th Earl of Home.

Rapidly, after the title was renounced, arrangements were made. The safe Conservative seat of Kinross and Western Perthshire was vacant, and Douglas-Home was adopted as his party's candidate. Parliament was due to meet on 24 October after the summer recess, but its return was postponed until 12 November pending the by-election. For twenty days Douglas-Home was Prime Minister while a member of neither house of Parliament, a situation without modern precedent. He won the by-election with a majority of 9,328.

A former peer as Prime Minister was open to attack, and Douglas-Home was attacked by the Labour Party leader Harold Wilson. Wilson attacked the new prime minister as "an elegant anachronism". He said that nobody from Douglas-Home's background knew the problems of ordinary families. In particular, Wilson asked how "a scion of an effete establishment" could lead the technological revolution which was needed. His premiership was ended by the general election of 1964, which put in the Labour Party with Harold Wilson as Prime Minister.

When the Conservatives returned to power in 1970, Home was made Foreign Secretary. He was a considerable success in this role. His speeches explained the world situation, which was then at the height of the Cold War.

In east–west relations, Douglas-Home spoke against the Soviet Union and its spying activities in Britain. In September 1971 he expelled 105 Soviet diplomats, who were spying. Although this was an extraordinary incident, Gromyko was realistic enough to keep a working relationship with the British government. Within days of the expulsions from London he and Douglas-Home met and discussed the Middle East and disarmament.

"The Times" considered that his reputation rested not on his brief premiership, but on his two spells as Foreign Secretary: "He brought to the office ... his capacity for straight talking, for toughness towards the Soviet Union and for firmness (sometimes interpreted as a lack of sympathy) towards the continents of Africa and Asia. But he brought something else as well: an unusual degree of international respect".

Benjamin Disraeli

Benjamin Disraeli, 1st Earl of Beaconsfield (21 December 1804 – 19 April 1881), born Benjamin D'Israeli, was a British politician. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1852, from 1858 to 1859 and from 1866 to 1868. He was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 1868 and from 1874 to 1880. His main opponent was William Ewart Gladstone. Disraeli was also a novelist and biographer.

Disraeli was born into a Jewish family which converted to Anglicanism. He is the only prime minister of Jewish heritage in British history. He followed his father, and converted to Anglicanism at the age of 12.

Disraeli invented the idea of "One Nation" conservatism, designed to appeal to all ranks in society. This is conservatism that values paternalism and pragmatism. Paternalism means looking after people, and pragmatism means it was practical not ideological. Disraeli wanted it to appeal to working-class men as a solution to worsening divisions in society. This idea was opposed to the Liberals (or "Whigs"), which was the party of the urban elite (moneyed and well-educated people in towns and cities).

Disraeli made the Conservatives the party that supported the British Empire and the military action to go with it. This was partly in reaction to Gladstone, who disliked the expense of empire, and partly because Disraeli knew it would be popular.

The 19th century saw the Commons gradually take over from the Lords. In the first half of the century the prime minister and most of the cabinet were peers, members of the House of Lords. By the late 19th century, the prime minister and most of the cabinet came from the House of Commons. This happened gradually, and perhaps the reform of elections helped make the Commons the more important chamber.

In Disraeli's first short period as prime minister, his government passed legislation which had wide support. It ended public executions, and the Corrupt Practices Act did much to end electoral bribery. The government used an early version of nationalisation: the Post Office bought up the telegraph companies. There were changes to the school law, the Scottish legal system, and the railway laws were passed.

Disraeli's second government was from 1874 to 1880. The 12 cabinet members were equally divided between the Commons and Lords. His government passed a number of laws to improve the life and working conditions of ordinary people.

Also, he arranged for Britain to buy the Suez Canal, which was until then a private company. The canal was critical to Britain because it was the short route between the UK and British India. Disraeli got news that the Khedive of Egypt, Ismail Pasha, was planning to sell his shares in the canal company. Disraeli arranged for the banker Lionel de Rothschild to loan the funds to the government. Rothschild took a commission on the deal, and the Disraeli went to Queen Victoria saying, "it is settled; you have it, madam!".

Disraeli was made Earl of Beaconsfield by Victoria in 1876.


William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham

William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham (15 November 1708 – 11 May 1778) was a prime minister of Great Britain. He was appointed by King George III. 

His London house, in St. James's Square, is now the home of the international affairs think tank called Chatham House.

In 1758, during the Seven Years' War, he came up with the strategy of blocking the St. Lawrence River so the French troops in Quebec and Montreal could not get more . This weakened the French side, and helped to win the war.

His son, William Pitt the Younger, was also a prime minister.

Herbert Asquith

Herbert Henry Asquith, 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith (12 September 1852 – 15 February 1928) served as the Liberal Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1908 to 1916. Until 5 January 1988, he had been the longest continuously serving Prime Minister in the 20th century. He was not, however, in favour of the right of women to vote.

As Prime Minister, he led the Liberal Party to a series of domestic reforms, including social insurance and the reduction of the power of the House of Lords. He led the nation into the First World War, but a series of military and political crises led to his replacement in late 1916 by David Lloyd George. His falling out with Lloyd George played a major part in the downfall of the Liberal Party.

His ministry was significant for the Old Age Pension (1908), National Insurance Act (1911) and the Parliamentary Act (1911), which restricted the power of the House of Lords. 

Asquith's descendants include: ambassador Dominic Asquith (great-grandson), actress Helena Bonham Carter (great-granddaughter) and actress Anna Chancellor (great-great-granddaughter).

Commerce

Commerce is another word for trade or business, and can mean simply the buying and selling of goods and services. Some commerce involves high finance and big companies and organisations. Commercial real estate is a place for commerce, a place to do business. Interstate commerce is the movement of goods, money or transportation between two or more states. International trade is the exchange of goods and services between countries.

Plantation

A plantation is a large farm which is usually specialized on farming one type of crop. Plantations grow cash crops, mostly for export, and less for local use. Crops grown on plantations include banana, sugarcane, coffee, tea, cotton and tobacco. 

Some of the problems with plantations come from the fact that most are monocultures, that is there is only one kind of crop that is grown there. This makes them vulnerable to pests, for example.
Among the earliest examples of plantations were the latifundia of the Roman Empire. They produced large quantities of wine and olive oil for export. 

Plantation agriculture grew rapidly in the early modern period with the increase in international trade and the relative decline of subsistence farming. Like every economic activity, it has changed over time. Earlier forms of plantation agriculture were associated with large disparities of wealth and income, foreign ownership and political influence, and exploitative social systems such as indentured labor and slavery, especially with the southern American plantations.

Pine

Pines are a large and important genus of conifers in the family Pinaceae. The Plant List of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and Missouri Botanical Garden lists 126 species of pines, plus a lot of synonyms.

Pines live in almost the entire Northern Hemisphere. In North America, they live in the southern part of Arctic to Nicaragua and Hispaniola. In Europe, they live in areas from Portugal and Scotland to Russia. In Asia, they live in areas from Russia to Japan and the Philippines. They also live in the Himalayas, some northern parts of Africa, and north of Majorca (Mallorca) on the rugged mountains.

Pines are long-lived trees (rarely large shrubs), typically reaching heights of 5–70 metres tall and ages of 100–1,000 years, some even more. The longest-lived is the Great Basin bristlecone pine, "Pinus longaeva". One individual of this species, named "Methuselah", is the world's oldest living tree at around 4,600 years old. This tree can be found in the White Mountains of California.

Pines usually have male and female cones on the same tree (monoecious). The male cones are small, typically 1–5 cm long, and are only present for a short period, usually in spring. They fall as soon as they have shed their pollen. The female cones take 1.5–3 years (depending on species) to mature after pollination, with actual fertilization delayed by one year. At maturity, the female cones are 3–60 cm long. Each cone has numerous spirally arranged scales, with two seeds on each fertile scale; the scales at the base and tip of the cone are small and sterile, without seeds. The seeds are mostly small and winged, and are wind-dispersed. Some have larger seeds that look like nuts and are dispersed by birds. 

At maturity, the cones usually open to release the seeds, but in some of the bird-dispersed species (e.g. whitebark pine), the seeds are only released by the bird breaking the cones open. In others, the seeds are stored in closed ("serotinous") cones for many years until a forest fire triggers the cones to open, releasing the seeds. The resin on the cones holds the scales closed until it melts in the fire.

Philip II of France

Philip II of France (21 August 1165 – 14 July 1223), was King of France from 1180 to 1223.

Early Life 

Philip was born on August 21st 1165, he was the son of Louis VII of France’Louis The Younger’(1120-1180) and Adèle of Champagne.Philip was called at his birth ‘Dieudonne’,because he was the son that his father had longed for, for nearly 30 years.

Ascension And Early Reign 

Louis VII died in 1180 at the age of 60, this meant Philip was now King Philip II of France at the age of only 15.

Though he was just a teenager, Philip quickly showed that a competent and ambitious King.

Pohjola

Pohjola is an evil country in Finnish and Karelian ancient stories. Pohjola is at north and it is very cold place. Ruler of Pohjola is Louhi, an evil witch woman. We think that Pohjola does not really exist, but long ago when people thought about Pohjola they thought about Lapland and a region of Pohjanmaa.

There was high wall around Pohjola and there were gates of Pohjola that could be seen from far away. 

Many evil things, like diseases and cold are from Pohjola. In Pohjola lives people of Pohjola. They are great warriors and magicians. The ruler of Pohjola Louhi is ugly but powerful old woman who can do great magic. She had a husband and daughters. Daughters of Louhi were very beautiful. They were so white and bright that they were actually transparent; you could see flesh through their skin, bones through their flesh, and bone marrow through their bones. Daughters of Pohjola were sitting on the sky weaving gold and silver threads.

Many heroes went to Pohjola to ask daughters of Louhi them to be their wives. Louhi did not give her daughters easily. She made men to do almost impossible missions to have her daughters. One such mission was to make Sampo, a machine that would do money, crop and salt. One hero, Ilmarinen, did this machine, but still Louhi did not let her daughter to marry Ilmarinen. Ilmarinen and other heroes then stole Sampo from Louhi. Louhi attacked them. There was a big battle and Sampo was destroyed. Some pieces of Sampo drifted on sea and they came to shores of Finland. Since that they have made wealth to Finnish people.

Gulf of Finland

The Gulf of Finland is a body of water that points east from the Baltic Sea with Finland on its north side and Estonia on its south side. Both Finnish capital Helsinki and Estonian capital Tallinn are at shore of Gulf of Finland. At the bottom of the gulf of Finland is Russia and its most important coast city St. Petersburg.

The water is less salty in the eastern side of the Gulf. This is because the Neva River flows into the Gulf in the east.

Edmund II of England

Edmund Ironside or Edmund II (; c. 989 – 30 November 1016) was the son of Æthelred the Unready. When his father died he was king of England from 23 April to 18 October 1016 and of Wessex from 23 April to 30 November 1016.

Arthur Balfour

Arthur James Balfour, 1st Earl of Balfour, (25 July 1848 – 19 March 1930) was a British Conservative statesman and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1902 until 1905.

He was minister of Foreign Affairs from 1916 to 1919. In this capacity he wrote the so-called Balfour Declaration in 1917.

Henry Pelham

Henry Pelham (25 September 1694–6 March 1754) was a British Whig statesman. He was Prime Minister of Great Britain from 27 August 1743 to his death about ten years later.

List of U.S. states by elevation

This is a list of United States states by alphabetical state. Elevation means the height of something above sea level. The highest point in the U.S. is Denali at 20,320 feet (6,194 m) above sea level. The lowest point on land in the U.S. is Badwater in Death Valley at 282 feet (86 m) below sea level.



Household income in the United States

The Household income in the United States is a measure of current private income commonly used by the United States government and private institutions. To measure the income of a household, the before tax income of all residents over the age of 15 is added together. Most of this is wages and salaries (before withholding and other taxes), but many other forms of income, such as unemployment insurance, disability, child support, etc., are included as well. The people in the household do not have to be related to the householder for their income to be considered part of the household's income. Household income is among the most widely accepted measures as households tend to share a common economic fate. The size of a household which is commonly not considered may off-set gains in household income.

In 2005, the median annual household income according to the US Census Bureau was $46,326, similar to that of Canada which was roughly $41,510 (USD) in the year 2000. The median income per household member (including all working and non-working members above the age of 14) in the year 2003 was $23,535. In the year 2005, there were about 113,146,000 households in the United States. 17.23% of all households had annual incomes more than $100,000. 12.7% fell below the federal poverty threshold. The bottom 20% earned less than $19,178. The income distribution tends to tilt towards the top with the top 6.37% earning roughly one third of all income. Those with upper-middle incomes also controlled a large, though declining, share of the total earned income. Households in the top 20%, 77% of which had two income earners, had incomes exceeding $91,705. Households in the mid 20%, with a mean of one income earner per household had incomes between $36,000 and 57,657.

The 2005 economic survey also found that households in the top 40%, those with an annual household income exceeding $55,331, had a median of two income earners while those in the lower quintiles (2nd and middle quintile) had median of only one income earner per household. Due to high unemployment among those in the lowest quintile the median number of income earners for this particular group was zero. Overall the United States followed the trend of other developed nations with a relatively large population of relatively rich households outnumbering the poor. There was large and quite powerful section of households with moderately high middle class incomes and an even larger number of households with moderately low incomes. While the median household income has increased 44% since 1990 it has decreased very slightly when considering inflation. In 1990, the median household income was $30,056; $44,603 in 2003 dollars. While personal income has not changed much over the past few decades, household income has risen because more households have two or more income earners. Between 1999 and 2004 household income showed only a slight increase since 2004.

SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2005

Households are often divided into quintiles according to their gross income. Each quintile represents 20%, or one fifth, of the population.

Household type is strongly correlated with household income. There are more married couples in the upper two quintiles, compared to the general population of households. This is likely due to the presence of more than one income earners in these families. Non-family households (individuals) are disproportionately represented in the lower two quintiles. Households headed by single males are disproportionately found in the middle three quintiles; single females head households concentrated in the bottom three quintiles.

The highest income households are almost ten times as likely to own their homes rather than rent, but in the lowest quintile, the ratio of owners to renters is nearly one to one.

The New York Times has used the quintiles to define class. It has assigned the quintiles from lowest to highest as lower class, lower middle class, middle class, upper middle class, and upper class.

SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2004

Despite great advances made to lift minorities out of poverty and many African Americans and Latino Americans joining the middle class, there is still an uneven racial distribution among the groups. White people who were not of Hispanic descent made up roughly 75.1% of all persons in 2000, 87.93% of all households in the top 5% were headed by a person who identified as being White. Only 4.75% of all household in the top 5% were headed by someone who identified him or herself as being Hispanic or Latino of any race, versus 12.5% of persons identifying themselves as Hispanic or Latino in the general population. Overall 86.01% of all households in the top two quintiles with upper-middle range incomes of over $55,331 were headed by a head of household who identified him or herself as White, while only 7.21% were being headed by someone who identified as being Hispanic and 7.37% by someone who identified as being African American or Black. Overall households headed by Hispanics and African Americans or Blacks were underrepresented in the top two quintiles and overrepresented in the bottom two quintiles. Households headed by people who identified as being Asian were overrepresented among the top two quintiles. In the top five percent the percentage of Asians was nearly twice as high as the percentage of Asians among the general population. European Americans were relatively even distributed throughout the quintiles only being underrepresented in the lowest quintile and slightly overrepresented in the top quintile and the top five percent.
SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2004

Household income as well as per capita income in the United States rises significantly as the educational attainment increases. In 2005 graduates with a Master's in Business Administration (MBA) who accepted job offers are expected to earn a base salary of $88,626. They are also expected to receive "…[a]n average signing bonus of $17,428." According to the US Census Bureau persons with doctorates in the United States had an average income of roughly $81,400. The average for an advanced degree was $72,824 with men averaging $90,761 and women averaging $50,756 annually. Year-round full-time workers with a professional degree had an average income of $109,600 while those with a Master's degree had an average income of $62,300. Overall "…[a]verage earnings ranged from $18,900 for high school dropouts to $25,900 for high school graduates, $45,400 for college graduates and $99,300 for workers with professional degrees (M.D., D.O., J.D., D.D.S., or D.V.M.).

Considering how education increases the earnings of individuals, it should come as no surprise that individuals with graduate degrees have an average per capita income exceeding the median household income of married couple families among the general population ($63,813). Higher educational attainment did not, however, help close the income gap between the genders as the life-time earnings for a male with a professionals degree were roughly forty percent (39.59%) higher than those of a female with a professionals degree. The life-time earnings gap between males and females was the smallest for those individuals holding an associate degree with male life-time earnings being 27.77% higher than those of females. While educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women, it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes.

Household income also increased significantly with the educational attainment of the householder. The US Census Bureau publishes educational attainment and income data for all households with a householder who was aged twenty-five or older. The biggest income difference was between those with some college education and those who had a Bachelor's degree, with the latter making $23,874 more. Income also increased substantially with increased post-secondary education. While the median household income for a household with a household holding an associate degree was $51,970, the median household income for those with a bachelor's degree or higher was $73,446. Those with doctorates had the second highest median household with a median of $96,830; $18,289 more higher than that for those at the Master's degree level, but $3,170 lower than the median for households with a professionals degree holding householder.

SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2003

The change in median personal and household income since 1991 also varied greatly with educational attainment. While, both the overall median personal and household income increased since 1991, this increase did not take place on all levels of educational attainment. The overall income increased over the course of the 1990s, reaching its high in 1999, but decreasing since. In 1991 the median household income in the US was $40,873 in 2003 dollars, while the median household income in 2003 was $45,016. In 1999 the median household income was $46,236, 2.7% higher than today. The median household income decreased for households and individuals at the high school drop-outs and graduate, some-college, and an Associates degree level. Income did, however, increase for those with a Bachelor's degree or more. The following table shows the median household income according to the educational attainment of the householder. All data is in 2003 dollars and only applies to householders whose householder is aged twenty-five or older. The highest and lowest points of the median household income are presented in bold face.

SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2003

Household income in the United States varies a lot with the age of the person who heads the household. The median household income increased with the age of householder until retirement age when household income started to decline. The highest median household income was found among households headed by working baby-boomers. Households headed by persons between the ages of 45 and 54 had a median household income of $61,111 and a mean household income of $77,634. The median income per member of household for this group was $27,924. The highest median income per member of household was among those between the ages of 54 and 64 with $30,544. The group with the second highest median household income, were households headed by persons between the ages 35 and 44 with a median income of $56,785, followed by those in the age group between 55 and 64 with $50,400. The lowest income group was mainly those households headed by individuals younger than 24, followed by those headed by persons over the age of 75. Households headed by persons above the age of seventy-five had a median household income of $20,467 with the median household income per member of household being $18,645. These figures support the general assumption that median household income as well as the median income per member of household peaked among those households headed by middle aged persons, increasing with the age of the householder and the size of the household until the householder reaches the age of 64. With retirement income replacing salaries and the size of the household declining, the median household income decreases as well.

Please note that all figures are presented in 2003 dollars.

Since 1967, the median household income in the United States has risen modestly, fluctuating several times. Even though personal income has risen substantially and 42% of all household now have two income earners, the median household income has increased only slightly. According to the US Census Bureau, this is due to the changing structure of American households. The proportion of wives working year-round in married couple households with children increased from 17% in 1967 to 39% in 1996, the proportion of such households among the general population has decreased. While married couple households with children are the most economically prosperous type of household in the United States, their share of the population has gone down. In 1969, more than 40% of all households consisted of a married couple with children. By 1996 only about quarter of US households were married couples with children. As a result of these changing household demographics, median household income rose only slightly despite an ever increasing female labor force and a considerable increase in the percentage of college graduates.

The median household income rose from $33,338 in 1967 to an all-time high of $44,922 in 1999, and has since fallen slightly to $43,318. Decreases in household income are visible during each recession, while increases are visible during economic upturns. The incomes of both, the 95th and 20th percentile were affected by fluctuations in the economy. Income in the period between 1967 and 1999 grew faster among wealthier households than it did among poorer households. The household income for the 80th percentile, the lower threshold for the top quintile, rose from $55,265 in 1967 to $86,867 in 2003, a 57.2% increase. The median household income rose by 30% while the income for the 20th percentile (the lower threshold for the second lowest quintile) rose by only 28% from $14,002 to $17,984. The majority of households in the top quintile had two income earners, versus zero for the lowest quintile and that the widening gap between the top and lowest quintile may largely be the reflection of changing household demographics including the addition of women to the workforce.

While per-capita, disposable income has increased 469% since 1972 it has only increased moderately when considering inflation. In 1972, disposable personal income was $4,129; $19,385 in 2005 dollars. In 2005, disposable personal income was $27,640, showing a moderate 43% increase. Since 1990, household income has fallen slightly, but this does not take into account the decrease in average household size.

SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2004 "(Page 44/45)"

The median household income by state ranged from $32,589 or 26.7% below national median, in West Virginia to $57,352 or 29% above national median, in New Hampshire. Connecticut, which is often referred to as the nation's wealthiest state, came in at number four with a median household income of $55,970. California which had the highest median home price in the nation. where home prices have far outpaced incomes only ranked number thirteen with a median household income of $49,894. While California's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home, West Virginia, which had the nation's lowest median household income also had the nation's lowest median home price. The northeastern states, more specifically those in New England, as well as the western states had the highest median household income. Of the top fifteen states, all were in the Northeast and West, with the sole exception of Minnesota which ranked fifth. The southern states had the by far lowest median household income with nine out of the country's fifteen poorest states being located in the South. New York, Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia also fell below the national median. Overall, median household income tended to be the highest in nation's most urbanized northeastern, north mid-western and western States, while rural and mostly southern states had the lowest median household income.

SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2004/05

The median income divides households in the US evenly in the middle with half of all household earning more than the median income and half of all households earning less than the median household income. In 2004 the median household income in the United States was $43,389. According to the US Census Bureau, the median is "considerably lower than the average, and provides a more accurate representation." The median household income varies with race, size of household and geography. The state with the highest median household income in the United States was New Hampshire with $57,352, followed by New Jersey, Maryland and Connecticut, making the Northeastern United States the wealthiest area by income in the entire country. In terms of region the median household income was as follows: "Northeast ($47,994), West ($47,680) and South ($40,773)." Median household income in the Mid-West declined by 2.8% to $44,657. The exception was the Midwest, where income declined 2.8% to $44,657. While median household income has tendency to increase up to four persons per household, it declines thereon after. This indicated that while four person households have larger incomes than those with one, two or three members, household with seem to earn progressively less as their size increases beyond four persons. According to the US Census Bureau 2004 Community Survey, two-person households had a median income of $39,755, with $48,957 for three-person households, $54,338 for four-person households, $50,905 for five-person households, $45,435 for six-person households, with seven-or-more-person households having the second lowest median income of only $42,471. In terms of race, Asian-Americans households had the highest median household income of $57,518, European-American households ranked second with $48,977, Hispanic or Latino households ranked third with $34,241. African American or Black households had the lowest median household income of all races with $30,134.

Another common measurement of personal income is the mean household income. Unlike the median household income which divides all households in two halves, the mean income is the average income earned by American households. In the case of mean income, the income of all households is divided by the number of all households. The mean income is usually more affected by the relatively unequal distribution of income which tilts towards the top. As a result, the mean tends to be higher as the median income with the top earning households boosting it. Overall the mean household income in the United States according to the US Census Bureau 2004 Economic Survey was $60,528, or $17,210 (39.73%) higher than the median household income.

The mean household income for households headed by persons identifying as White alone was $65,317, $40,685 for those headed by persons identifying as African American or Black, $45,871 for those headed by persons identifying as Hispanic or Latino, and $76,747 for those households headed by persons identifying as Asian alone. Approximately one third, or 36.5%, of all households earned more than the mean income, while 63.5% earned less than the mean.


Toxicology

Toxicology is the study of how chemicals hurt living things. Toxicologists use biology, chemistry, pharmacology, and medicine. Measuring toxicity of a substance (relation between does and effect), is a major part of the work. 

Many chemicals that we call poisons are only toxic when made into different chemicals by the body. Many chemicals are made toxic in the liver by enzymes, for example paracetamol, which is a common drug. There is also some variation in liver enzymes (caused by genetic variation) in different people that can cause a substance to be more toxic in one person than it is in another. Some substances are also only toxic when they are with other chemicals, as one liver enzyme can cause activity in another enzyme.




Monte Carlo

Monte Carlo is the largest quarter in Monaco. Its area is , and around four hundred people live there.

Monte Carlo is also the centre of gambling, politics, fireworks and culture. Monte Carlo has a lot of casinos, hotels and historical buildings.

Monte Carlo is one of Europe's leading tourist resorts. Within the casino complex is the Grand Théâtre de Monte Carlo, the Opéra de Monte-Carlo and ballet house, and the headquarters of the Ballets de Monte Carlo.

Trickery

Trickery is the act of misdirection (leading into the wrong way of thinking) or an illusion (seeing things that are not true). 

For example, magic tricks are when someone makes the person seeing it think that the magic they are doing is true, but it actually is not. But magic tricks can also be pleasant entertainment when the audience know it's all tricks. 

A trick can also mean to lie or misdirect (lead to wrong way of thinking) a person so that someone who is "tricking" the person can enjoy winning the game they are playing for example gambling.

Trick is also slang for a prostitute's client.

Some sort of useful action taught to an animal, for example from "shaking hands" to handing back tools or dropped objects so that people seeing the action can enjoy the trick

Loki is the God of trickery and cunning in the Norse Mythology.

Slideshow

Slideshow means a show of slides. It is a display of several slides for information or for artistic purposes. 

Slideshows are presented using a tool, such as a slide projector, an overhead projector or in more recent years, a computer running presentation software. The word comes from the use of slides which have been around for many years. Slides originally were projected on movie theater screens by magic lanterns as part of early movie house shows.

The word slideshow does not appear in the "Webster’s New Twentieth Century Unabridged Dictionary" (1973 edition), but is accepted as correct spelling in Microsoft Word in both "Office 2000" and "Office XP" editions. 


Slide

In photography, a slide is a thin translucent photograph bound in paper, plastic or similar frame and often used for projection with use of a slide projector for a slideshow. The terms reversal film and transparency are also used. 

One can distinguish it from negative and print.



Slide (disambiguation)

Slide could be related to any of these.


Projection

Projection can be any of:




Slide projector

A slide projector is used to view photographic slides by using optical and mechanical methods. It contains an electric light bulb, focusing lenses. reflector and condensing lenses and a holder that holds the slide.  

A flat piece of heat absorbing glass is often placed between the condensing lens and the slide, to avoid damaging the slide. This glass absorbs infrared. Light passes through the transparent slide and lens, and the resulting image is enlarged and projected onto a screen. So the audience can view its reflection.

The image may be projected onto a translucent "rear projection" screen. That is used for continuous automatic display for close viewing. This form of projection also avoids that people who look at the show interrupt the light stream or bump into the projector.

Slide projectors were common in the 1950s and 1960s as a form of entertainment; family members and friends would gather to view slideshows.

In-home photographic slides and slide projectors have largely been replaced by low cost paper prints, digital cameras, DVD media, video display monitors and digital projectors.

As of October 2004, "Kodak" no longer manufactures slide projectors. It is also increasingly difficult in some countries to locate photo processors who will process slide film. 


Video projector

A video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a screen using a lens system. All video projectors use a very bright light to project the image, and most modern ones can correct any curves, blurriness, and other inconsistencies through manual settings. Video projectors are widely used for conference room presentations, classroom training, and home theatre applications.

A video projector may also be built into a cabinet with a rear-projection screen to form a single unified display device, now popular for “home theater” applications. 

Common display resolutions for a portable projector include SVGA (800×600 pixels), XGA (1024×768 pixels), and 720p (1280×720 pixels). 

The cost of a device is not only determined by its resolution, but also by its light output, acoustic noise output, contrast, and other characteristics. 




Peanut

A peanut is a plant in the legume family, "Fabaceae". It is native to South America, Central America and Mexico. Peanuts are annual herbaceous plants growing 30 to 50 cm (1 to 1.5 ft) tall. They are not nuts. 

The peanut plant flowers above ground, then develops its pods underground. Because of this, peanuts are often called groundnuts. Other names include goobers, pinders, arachides (French/Italian), and maní (Spanish). Goober is taken from "nguba," the name for peanut in the Bantu language spoken in parts of Africa. Peanuts are known scientifically as Arachis hypogaea. 

This strange legume yields shell-covered pods (fruits) that contain one or more seeds. A nut is a hard shelled fruit that comes from a plant whose fruit does not open to release its seed. A nut is a composite of the fruit and seed. Some examples of true nuts are: acorns, beechnuts, chestnuts and hazelnuts. So despite the name, the plant is not a nut in the biological sense, but a legume. Peanuts grow by starting out as an above ground flower that, due to its heavy weight, bends towards the ground. The flower eventually burrows underground, which is where the peanut actually matures. 

The veined brown shell or pod of the peanut contains two or three peanut kernels. Each oval-shaped kernel or seed is contains two off-white lobes that are covered by a brownish-red skin. Peanuts have a strong, buttery and "nutty" taste. 

Peanuts are a popular food. They are eaten alone as a snack food. Today most peanuts are eaten roasted and salted. They are mixed into candy, cookies, pies, and other bakery products. Peanut butter, made by grinding the roasted seeds, accounts for about one half the peanuts grown in the United States. There are two kinds of peanut butter - chunky and creamy. Most American children prefer the chunky kind. A small part of the U.S. crop is crushed for oil. In the southern U.S. the peanut is used extensively as feed for livestock. Worldwide peanuts are grown chiefly to provide peanut oil. Farmers in Africa and Asia grow about 90% of the world's peanuts. Peanuts have been cultivated in South America for a very long time. 

Peanuts are a very good source of monounsaturated fats, the type of fat that is important in the heart-healthy Mediterranean diet. They also have other nutrients that have been shown to promote heart health. Peanuts are good sources of vitamin E, niacin, folate, protein and manganese. They provide resveratrol, the phenolic antioxidant also found in red grapes and red wine that is thought to be responsible for the French paradox: the fact that in France, people consume a diet that is not low in fat, but have a low risk of cardiovascular disease. Numerous research studies, including the Nurses' Health Study that involved over 86,000 women, have found that frequent nut consumption is related to reduced risk of cardiovascular disease.

Four types of peanuts are the most popular: Spanish, Runner, Virginia, and Valencia. There are also Tennessee Red and Tennessee White types. Certain types are preferred for particular uses because of differences in flavor, oil content, size, and shape. For many uses the different types are interchangeable. Most peanuts marketed in the shell are of the Virginia type, along with some Valencias selected for large size and the attractive appearance of the shell. Spanish peanuts are used mostly for peanut candy, salted nuts, and peanut butter. Most Runners are used to make peanut butter. The various types are distinguished by branching habit and branch length. There are numerous varieties of each type of peanut. 

Each year new varieties of peanuts are introduced somewhere in the peanut belt of the U.S. or in other countries. Introducing a new variety may mean change in the planting rate, adjusting the planter, harvester, dryer, cleaner, sheller, and method of marketing. There are two main growth forms: bunch and runner. Bunch types grow upright, while runner types grow near the ground.

Spanish Types The small Spanish types are grown in South Africa, and in the southwestern and southeastern U.S. Before 1940, 90% of the peanuts grown in Georgia were Spanish types, but the trend since then has been larger seeded, higher yielding, more disease resistant varieties. Varieties of the Spanish type include Dixie Spanish, Improved Spanish 2B, GFA Spanish, Argentine, Spantex, Spanette, Shaffers Spanish, Natal Common (Spanish), White Kernel Varieties, Starr, Comet, Florispan, Spanhoma, Spancross, and Wilco I. 

Runner Types Since 1940, there has been a shift to production of Runner type peanuts in the southeastern U.S. This is due to higher yields and wider use in peanut butter and salting, as compared to Spanish types. Varieties of Runners include Southeastern Runner 56-15, Dixie Runner, Early Runner, Virginia Bunch 67, Bradford Runner, Egyptian Giant (also known as Virginia Bunch and Giant), Rhodesian Spanish Bunch (Valencia and Virginia Bunch), North Carolina Runner 56-15, Florunner, and Shulamit. 

Virginia Types The large seeded Virginia types are grown in Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and parts of Georgia. They are increasing in popularity due to demand for large peanuts for processing, particularly for salting, confections, and roasting in the shells. Virginia type peanuts are either bunch or running in growth habit. The bunch type is upright to spreading. It attains a height of 18 to 22 inches, and a spread of 28 to 30 inches, with 33 to 36 inch rows that seldom cover the ground. The pods are borne within a few inches of the base of the plant. Varieties of Virginia type peanuts include Virginia Bunch Large, Virginia Bunch 46-2, Virginia Bunch Small, Virginia Bunch 67, Virginia Bunch G2, Virginia Runner G26, NC 4X, NC 2, NC 5, Georgia Hybrid 119-20, Holland Jumbo, Holland Station Runner, Adkins Runner, Virginia Runner 26, Virginia Runner G (Holland Virginia Runner), Virginia 56 R, Virginia 61 R, Florigiant, Georgia Hybrid 119-18, Virginia B22-15, Virginia A17-12, Virginia A23-7, and Florida 416. 

Valencia Types Valencia types are coarse, and they have heavy reddish stems and large foliage. They are comparatively tall, having a height of 50 inches and a spread of 30 inches. Peanut pods are borne on pegs arising from the main stem and the side branches. Most of the pods are clustered around the base of the plant, and only a few are found several inches away. Valencia types are three seeded and smooth, with no constriction between the seeds. Seeds are oval and tightly crowded into the pods. There are two strains, one with flesh and the other with red seeds. The seed count is 65 to each ounce. 

Tennessee Red and Tennessee White Types These are alike, except for the color of the seed. The plants are similar to Valencia types, except that the stems are green to greenish brown, and the pods are rough, irregular, and have a smaller proportion of kernels.


Trans-Asian Railway

The Trans-Asian Railway (TAR) is a project to build a freight railway across Europe and Asia. The TAR is a project of the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP).

The project was started in the 1950s. The idea then was to have 8750 miles (14,000km) of rail link between Singapore and Istanbul, Turkey. Further connections to Europe and Africa were also considered. At that time, there was not as much shipping and air travel as today, and the project promised to make shipping faster and cheaper between Europe and Asia. Progress in developing the TAR was slowed by political and economic problems during the 1960s, 1970s and early 1980s. By the 1990s, the end of the Cold war, and normal relations between some countries, made it seem more possible to create a rail network across the Asian continent.

The TAR was seen as a way to handle the huge increases in international trade between Eurasian nations, with easier shipping. It was seen as a way to improve the economies of landlocked countries like Laos, Afghanistan, Mongolia, and the Central Asian republics, and make them easier to reach.

Much of the railway network already exists, but there are still some major gaps. A big challenge is the differences in rail gauge across Eurasia. There are four different major rail gauges (to measure the distance between rails) across the continent: most of Europe, as well as Turkey, Iran, China, and the Koreas use the 1435 mm gauge, known as Standard gauge; Finland, Russia, and the former Soviet republics use a 1520 mm gauge; most of the railways in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka use a 1676 mm gauge, and most of Southeast Asia has metre-gauge. For the most part, the TAR would not change national gauges; large machines would be built to move shipping containers from train to train at the breaks of gauge.

By 2001, the four corridors had been studied as part of the plan:







Wall Street Crash of 1929

The Wall Street Crash of 1929 was the greatest stock market crash in the history of the United States.

It happened in the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday October 29, 1929, now known as Black Tuesday. Bank failures followed, resulting in businesses closing. This caused worldwide panic, which started the Great Depression. Stock prices did not reach the same level until late 1954.

The crash signaled the beginning of the 10-year Great Depression that affected all Western industrialized countries. Countries imposed high tariffs and otherwise restricted imports. International trade was on the decline. Soup kitchens were the place to go for food for many people. The Depression ended in the United States with the start of American mobilization for World War II at the end of 1941. People who lost their homes lived in what were Hoovervilles, blaming President Herbert Hoover for the Depression.

The Depression ended as dramatically a decade later on September 3, 1939, when the Second World War began. The widespread poverty and suffering during the 1930s. The Great Depression spread rapidly from the US to Europe and the rest of the world as a result of the connection between the United States and European economies after WWI. The Wall Street Crash was the U.S. Stock Market crash of October 29, 1929, which triggered the Great Depression.

Stock-exchange speculation led hundreds of thousands of Americans to invest heavily in the stock market, creating an economic bubble. Many were borrowing money to buy more stocks.

"At the turn of the 20th century, stock market speculation was restricted to professionals, but the 1920s saw millions of 'ordinary Americans' investing in the New York Stock Exchange. By August 1929, brokers had lent small investors more than two-thirds of the face value of the stocks they were buying on margin – more than $8.5bn was out on loan".

The amount of money out on loan was more than the entire amount of currency circulating in the US at the time. When a stock price declined below the amount of borrowed money, the owner had to sell to pay the debt. This caused prices to decline more. Years later, regulations limited the use of debt in this way.

Greater London

Greater London is an administrative district. It covers London, England. About 7.5 million people live there.

It is also one of the regions of England used by the Government for various purposes, including administration and statistics. 

Greater London is a conurbation, a city made from merging many smaller villages, towns and cities into a larger one. "London" is technically only the City of London, one of London's 33 administrative districts. In order to avoid confusion, "Greater London" is often used to mean the whole modern urban area centred on the City of London, and not just the City of London itself. When most people say London, they are referring to Greater London. 

Chemical Weapons Convention

The Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) is an arms control agreement which prohibits chemical weapons and chemical warfare. It is forbidden to make, store or use the weapons. Every country can become a part of it and most countries (188 in 2010) are. The full name is the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction. 

The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (abbreviated OPCW) is the international organization which organizes the discussions and decisions on the convention. It also checks if member states follow the rules by inspections. 

Levi Strauss

Levi Strauss (February 26, 1829–September 26, 1902) was a German-born American maker of clothing.

Born as "Löb Strauss" into a Jewish family in Buttenheim in Franconia, Bavaria, now a part of Germany. In 1847, Strauss, his mother and two sisters moved to New York City to join his brothers Jonas and Louis Löb in their dry goods business. By 1850 he had adopted the name "Levi Strauss".

In 1853, Strauss moved to bustling San Francisco, California, where the California Gold Rush was still in high gear. Levi expected that the mining camps would welcome his buttons, scissors, thread and bolts of fabric; additionally, he had yards of canvas sailcloth intended for tent-making and as covers for the Conestoga wagons that dotted the landscape next to every stream and river in the area.

It was on California Street that Levi and his brother-in-law David Stern opened a dry goods wholesale business called Levi Strauss & Co. Levi was often found leading a pack-horse, heavily laden with merchandise, directly into the mining camps found throughout the region. The story goes that both prospectors and miners, often complaining about the easily torn cotton "britches" and pockets that "split right out" gave Levi the idea to make a rugged overall trouser for the miners to wear. These were fashioned from bolts of brown canvas sailcloth, with gold ore storage pockets that were nearly impossible to split. Levi exhausted his original supply of canvas as the demand grew for his hard-wearing overalls, and so he switched to a sturdy fabric called serge, made in Nimes, France. Originally called serge de Nimes, the name was soon shortened to denim.

In 1872, Levi received a letter from Jacob Davis, a Reno, Nevada tailor. Davis was one of Levi Strauss' regular customers, who purchased bolts of cloth from the company to use for his own business. In this letter, Davis told Levi about the interesting way in which he made pants for his customers: he placed metal rivets at the points of strain—pocket corners and on the base of the fly. As he did not have the money to patent his process he suggested that Levi pay for the paperwork and that they take out the patent together.

On May 20, 1873, Strauss and Jacob Davis received United States patent #139121 for using copper rivets to strengthen the pockets of denim work pants. Levi Strauss & Co. began manufacturing the first of the famous Levi's brand of jeans in San Francisco, using fabric from the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company in Manchester, New Hampshire.

Levi Strauss died on September 26, 1902, at the age of 73. He left his thriving manufacturing and dry goods business to his four nephews—Jacob, Louis, Abraham and Sigmund Stern—who helped rebuild the company after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire. The following year, Jacob Davis sold back his share of the company.

Peter Haas and his family are the primary heirs to the Levi Strauss fortune.


Princess Peach

Princess Peach Toadstool (sometimes called Peach) is a character in the "Mario" video game series. In most of the games she appears in, she is kidnapped by the reptile monster King Bowser and his son, Bowser Jr. She is the princess of the Mushroom Kingdom, which is the main setting of most of the "Mario" games.

Princess Peach's looks are different than what they used to be. In her first game, "Super Mario Bros." (1985), she had red hair and her dress was white. She had dark red hair in "Super Mario Bros. 2" (1986). In "Super Mario World" (1991), her looks changed. She had yellow hair. In the "Mario" sport series games, she wears different dresses because she cannot play well in her normal, long, pink dress.

Her name has changed over the years. In Japan, her name was always Peach. When Nintendo sold "Super Mario Bros." in other countries, she was called Princess Toadstool. In "Super Mario 64", her name became Princess Peach Toadstool.

Peach appears most often as the damsel-in-distress – always being kidnapped by Bowser. Mario must always rescue her. In "Super Princess Peach" (2006), the tables are turned and Bowser kidnaps Mario instead. Peach must then rescue Mario.

Peach has been voiced by two different actresses. The first was Leslie Swan. The second was Jen Taylor.


Princess Daisy

Princess Daisy (sometimes called Daisy) is a character from the "Mario" video games series. She is the princess of Sarasaland. Princess Daisy is the second major female of the "Mario" series next to Princess Peach.



In her first appearance, Daisy had pale skin, long, orange hair, a red crown and a white pattern on her dress. Her appearance in the "NES Open Tournament Golf"." "is more or less the same, aside from her hair now being more of an auburn color. In later games, such as "Mario Tennis" and "Mario Party 3", her appearance was changed, giving her a rounder face, a slightly darker skin tone, and a daisy-motif for her accessories, with flower jewels appearing on her crown, earrings and brooch. The daisy-motif has stuck ever since, though it should be noted that the daisy-motif was seen in her concept art for "Super Mario Land". 

In "Mario Party 4", Daisy's character design was altered yet again, giving her shorter hair, a new dress design, and once again a paler skin tone. Nowadays, Daisy no longer has pale skin. Instead it is now more of a pink tone. Princess Daisy and Princess Peach also have different gloves; while Peach's gloves end at around mid-triceps, Daisy's gloves end at the wrists. Daisy looks equal in height to Peach, though she may appear shorter in some games. In her early game appearances, Daisy wore a red crown, and during some of the Nintendo 64 games she wore a pink crown. Nowadays she wears a gold one, the same as Peach. 

In most of her game appearances, Daisy has worn a yellow and/or orange color scheme, usually in the form of a collared dress, with white and orange accents, meant to match that of Peach's pink-themed fashion just as Luigi's outfit does to Mario's. 

In "Mario" sports titles, Daisy and Peach are the only two characters to always wear different outfits from their regular ones. She is usually depicted in her orange underwear with a yellow shirt and daisy accessories and her pants down which are called white socks. In "Super Mario Strikers", Daisy wears a two-piece outfit. In "Mario Hoops 3-on-3", Daisy normally appears in her usual sports outfit but has a second unlockable costume. In "Mario Strikers Charged", she pretty much looks the same as in "Super Mario Strikers", but she has cover herself up with armor plating along with other characters, leaving a quarter of her leg and her belly exposed.

Princess Daisy appears as one of the main characters in the "Super Mario Bros." film. She is played by Samantha Mathis. 

Mario's younger brother Luigi (John Leguizamo) falls in love archaeologist Daisy. She is kidnapped by the Koopa Cousins, Iggy and Spike, and taken to the another dimension called Dinohattan, a land where dinosaurs evolved to become the main species. Dinohattan is ruled by Koopa (Dennis Hopper), who took over Daisy's father by transforming him into a fungus using a de-evolution gun. Daisy had a piece of meteorite that could be used to merge Dinohattan and Manhattan so Koopa could take over the human world. 

After the Mario Bros. defeat Koopa, Daisy stays behind in Dinohattan to help her restored father. The movie ends with Daisy showing up at Mario and Luigi's apartment to alert them that there is a problem, apparently setting up a never-made sequel.

Fixed Dose Procedure

The fixed-dose procedure (FDP) was proposed in 1984 to test a substance's acute oral toxicity using fewer animals with less suffering than the older LD test which was developed in 1927.

FDP uses 10-20 animals to find the dose that produces toxicity signs but not death, and from there predicts the lethal dose. LD ("lethal dose 50%") uses 60-80 animals to find a dose that kills 50% of animals in a given time. FDP sometimes needs retesting using slightly higher or lower doses.


Tentacle rape

Tentacle rape or shokushu goukan (触手強姦) is illustrated pornography involving the rape of (often quite young) women. This animation is different from other animation methods due to use of tentacles to portray the rape. This was done to get around Japanese censorship laws that made it illegal to portray uncensored male genitalia being used for sexual penetration. Since tentacles are technically not genitals, they do not need to be censored. Not all examples of tentacle erotica are non-consensual, though. In fact, one of the earliest and most famous tentacle erotica works, a "Shunga" print by Hokusai called "The Dream of the Fisherman’s Wife", shows a woman enjoying sex with two octopuses.

Neapolitan

Neapolitan means "from the city of Naples in Italy". It is an adjective.
Neapolitan can mean:


Bel canto

Bel canto is a way of singing in opera. It comes from the Italian, meaning "beautiful singing". 

Bel canto singing means singing beautifully, flexibly and smoothly, delivering high and low notes in a similar style so that all the notes of a singer's range sound even from top to bottom. Bel canto singing started when opera began in the 1600s, but the term "bel canto" is normally used for operas written in the early 19th century. The operas of Rossini, Bellini and Donizetti need bel canto singing. The term "bel canto" was not used at the time. People only started talking about "bel canto" in the mid-to-late 19th century, when a lot of new operas by composers such as Richard Wagner appeared. These new operas had to have singers with big, dramatic voices if they were to sound good.

Bel canto-style operas came back into fashion in the 1950s, having been out of favour for the previous 50 or 60 years. Today, some of the most popular operas are bel canto ones. Famous bel canto singers of recent times include the sopranos Maria Callas, Joan Sutherland, Montserrat Caballé, Beverly Sills and the tenors Francisco Araiza, Juan Diego Florez, Alfredo Kraus, Luciano Pavarotti. 

Mathilde Marchesi was a famous 19th-century bel canto teacher.

Wagner (disambiguation)

Richard Wagner (1813–1883) was a German composer.

Wagner may also refer to:











Midori Days

Midori Days is an anime about a girl who falls in love so badly that when she wakes up she's somehow attached to her love interest's (seiji) right hand. This anime is about how these two adjust to their strange new relationship.

High school boy Seiji Sawamura is really quite a nice guy, but he's got a bad reputation and the nickname Mad Dog, earned by copious street fighting, often in pursuit of justice. His right hook is so deadly that it's got its own nickname-The Devil's Right Hand. Other students avoid him and he can not get a girlfriend. In fact, 20 girls have turned him down. But unknown to him, he has had a secret admirer for the past three years-quiet goody-two-shoes Midori Kasugano, who is so paralyzed by her shyness that she could not possibly tell him how she feels. Then, in the tradition of Minami's Sweetheart (*DE) and The Eternity You Desire, Midori falls into a coma, while Seiji finds that instead of a right hand, he now has a living glove puppet-compare to Puppet Master Sakon. A tiny, living and speaking Midori is attached to the end of his arm and reveling in his undivided attention. The situation is awkward and embarrassing but the pair find they really do like each other, even when things are switched for an episode and Seiji becomes Midori's left hand. The result is a very silly show that still manages to convey how paralyzing shyness can be and how enforced intimacy can reveal unsuspected aspects of a person's character. Based on the manga by Kazuro Inoue in Shonen Sunday, itself a surreal cartoon version of the perennial surrogate parenting and reluctant roommates genres of live-action Japanese television

Matter

Matter is the substance of which all material is made. That means objects which have mass. More specifically, they must have "rest" mass, which is a form of energy that matter has even when it is not moving (it has no kinetic energy), is extremely cold (it has no thermal energy), etc. "Matter" is a word that is sometimes used in varying ways in everyday life, whereas "mass" is a well-defined concept and quantity at least in physics. They are not the same thing, though they are related.

"Ordinary" matter is made of tiny particles called atoms. The atoms have spaces between them and they move or vibrate all the time. The particles move faster and move further apart when heated, and then reverse when cooled.

Nearly all matter that may be experienced in everyday life is baryonic matter. This includes atoms of any sort, and gives those the property of mass. Non-baryonic matter, as implied by the name, is any sort of matter that is not composed mainly of baryons. This might include neutrinos and free electrons, dark matter, such as supersymmetric particles, axions, and black holes.

The very existence of baryons is a significant issue in cosmology. It is assumed that the Big Bang produced a state with equal amounts of baryons and antibaryons. How baryons came to outnumber their antiparticles is called baryogenesis.

Matter can be directly experienced through the senses. It has properties which can be measured, such as mass, volume, density, and qualitative properties such as taste, smell and colour, for instance.

All physical bodies in the universe are made of matter: galaxies, stars and planets, rocks, water and air. Living organisms like plants, animals and humans are also composed of matter.

In physics, the universe also contains things that aren't matter, including some elementary particles that have no rest mass. Photons (electromagnetic radiation such as light) are a familiar example.

In addition to its rest mass, matter can contain other forms of energy, which aren't matter but allow them to interact with each other by exchanging kinetic energy, heat, light, sound waves, etc.

Outside of the physical sciences, there can be many other things that aren't matter or energy. Just for example, emotions can be experienced or ideas can be had.

The structure and composition of matter is investigated by breaking matter into smaller and smaller pieces. Hence, living organisms are made up of cells. Cells are composed of molecules, which are sets of atoms bonded together. Each atom, in turn, is an assemblage of elementary particles.

Physicists also classify matter in a few broad categories, called states, with quite different properties:

A given amount of matter may change from one state to another depending on its temperature and pressure. On Earth, water can exist simultaneously in three states: solid (ice), liquid water (lakes, oceans) and gas (vapor or steam).


Innocence

Innocence is the opposite of guilt.
The adjective is innocent (the opposite of 'guilty').

If someone is innocent of a crime it means that they did not do it.
If someone is accused of a crime, they have to go to court. The court will decide whether they are guilty or not guilty (innocent). People must be treated as innocent unless (or until) they are found guilty.

'Innocence' and 'innocent' can also be used in a slightly different way. Children are often described as 'innocent' meaning that they think the world is all good and do not yet know about the bad things in life. People talk about living in a 'state of innocence' i.e. children or people with simple minds who have not yet learned that some people are evil. In Christian cultures this sometimes meant that children did not know about sex.

Guilt

Guilt can mean several things:


Symphonic poem

A symphonic poem or tone poem is a piece of orchestral music which has a story attached to it or describes something such as poem or a painting or any idea which is not music. A symphonic poem is a kind of programme music (music for instruments which has an idea outside music).

Symphonic poems were mostly written in the 19th century at the time known as the Romantic period. They are normally in one movement lasting perhaps between 10 and 20 minutes. Some of the longest ones, such as "Ein Heldenleben" by Richard Strauss are much longer, like a symphony with four movements which run into one another.
The idea can be seen in Beethoven’s overtures which tell the story of the opera or play which is about to be performed. Composers such as Felix Mendelssohn then started to write overtures which told a story but were not attached to any opera. "Fingal's Cave" (1832) describes the sea lapping against the rocks of a cave in the Scottish Hebrides. 

Franz Liszt was the composer who made the symphonic poem an important musical form. He wrote twelve works which he called "Symphonische Dichtung" ("Symphonic poem") because the music developed in the same way as in a symphony. One example is "Mazeppa" (1851) which describes the poem by Victor Hugo about a wild horse that carries a man tied to him until he is rescued by the Ukrainians and made into their chief.

Other composers who wrote symphonic poems include Sergei Rachmaninoff, Modest Mussorgsky, Camille Saint-Saëns, Claude Debussy, Jean Sibelius, Bedřich Smetana, Antonín Dvořák, Pyotr Tchaikovsky and César Franck.

The opening of Richard Strauss’s tone poem "Also sprach Zarathustra" (1895-1896) has become particularly famous in recent years through its use in the movie "".

Melody

A melody in music is a group of notes of various pitches (how high or low note sounds) which are played one after another. Together they make a tune in the same way that a group of words make a sentence. Some people like to sing melodies. Melodies have rhythm (the length of the notes). 

In music, 'melody' contrasts with 'harmony'. Harmony means notes which are played at the same time, like chords. Composers often think of a melody and then add harmony to it. 

Some music has more than one melody happening at the same time. When this happens throughout the whole piece, it is called polyphonic music. Rounds and fugues are types of polyphonic music. If the other melody only happens sometimes, then the second melody is called a "countermelody".

The adjective of melody is "melodic". There is also the adjective "melodious" which means: 'a sweet-sounding melody'. 

Music that does not have an obvious melody may be hard to understand (unless it is focused on rhythm, such as a drum solo).

Many melodies are easy to sing, while others are difficult to sing. Still other melodies are impossible to sing. Those melodies can still be played on musical instruments. 

Steve Jobs

Steven Paul "Steve" Jobs (February 24, 1955 – October 5, 2011) was an American businessman, investor, and co-founder and CEO of Apple Inc. He was the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Pixar Animation Studios until it was bought by The Walt Disney Company. He was the largest shareholder at Disney and a member of Disney's Board of Directors. 
He was seen as a leading figure in both the computer and entertainment industries. In August 2011, Jobs resigned, and was appointed Chairman of Apple. He served in that position until he died, at the age of 56, on October 5, 2011 from complications of pancreatitis related to type 1 diabetes and metastatic insulinoma. Steve Jobs had type 1 diabetes as a child and had problems with insulin when he died.

Steven Paul Jobs was born on February 24, 1955 in San Francisco, California, U.S., Steve Jobs' mother, Joanne Schieble was American of German and Swiss descent; his father, Abdulfattah "John" Jandali was a Syrian. They wanted Steve to be adopted by college graduates, that was not the case. He was adopted by Paul and Clara Jobs who promised Steve would go to college. Jobs went to Reed College for a semester and then dropped out. He spent 18 more months dropping in on more creative classes. He also took part in ballet as a child.

Jobs was a Silicon Valley businessman. He was most famous for his work with the company Apple Computer Inc, The company started with the release of the Apple I in 1976.

Together with Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, Jobs helped make the idea of the personal computer popular in the late 1970s. In the early 1980s, while still at Apple, Jobs was one of the first people to see the potential of using a mouse to control things on a computer screen.

In 1985, Jobs and the other people at Apple had differences of opinion about what the company should focus on. This lead to Apple's Board of Directors firing Jobs from his position with the company. He then started NeXT, a computer platform development company. It dealt with higher education and business markets.

In 1986, Jobs bought the computer animation studio Pixar from movie director George Lucas. Jobs sold Pixar to Disney in 2006. He also became a member of the Disney board of directors. Pixar went on to make many largely successful movies. These included "Toy Story" (1995), "Monsters, Inc." (2001) and "Cars" (2006). Jobs made more money with Pixar than he did while he was with Apple in the 1970s and 1980s.

Apple's 1997 buyout of NeXT brought Jobs back to the company he co-founded. He worked as the Chief Executive Officer of Apple and was paid $1 million (£600,000) per year. He concentrated on making the company profitable again. He cancelled a few unprofitable projects. Jobs was a force behind the creation of the iPod, released in 2001; the iPhone, released in 2007; and the iPad, released in 2010.

Jobs retired as CEO of Apple on August 24, 2011 because of health problems. He suggested Tim Cook as his successor. Jobs continued as the chairman of the Apple Inc.'s Board of Directors.

Jobs had health problems for the last few years of his life. He had a liver transplant. He died of cardiac arrest caused by pancreatitis and related to type 1 diabetes in 2011 at his home in Palo Alto, California. He was worth $8.3 billion (£5.1 billion) when he died.

He had four children. He had two daughters, Erin Siena Jobs and Eve Jobs, and a son, Reed Paul Jobs, with his wife, Laurene Powell. He also had a daughter Lisa Brennan Jobs while in a previous relationship with Chrisann Brennan.

He was a Democrat and a supporter of Barack Obama, even though, as the owner of a multinational corporation, he took many views of business-friendly Republicans. Jobs also once said that he voted for Ronald Reagan.

Steve Jobs left a mark on the tech industry by co-founding Apple and shaping products like the iPhone and MacBook. His legacy is one of innovation, design excellence, and a never ending pursuit of pushing boundaries. However, historians often engage in debates about Steve Jobs' legacy. While many applaud his role in revolutionizing technology and popularizing products like the iPhone, others criticize aspects of his leadership style and business practices. It's a nuanced discussion with perspectives on innovation, corporate culture, and ethics.

He has been played by American actor Ashton Kutcher in the 2013 biopic movie "Jobs" and by German-born Irish actor Michael Fassbender in the 2015 movie "Steve Jobs."




Apostolic Palace

The Apostolic Palace, also called the Papal Palace or the Palace of the Vatican, is the official residence of the Pope in the Vatican City.

The palace is a complex of buildings, with the Papal Apartment, the Catholic Church's government offices, a handful of chapels, the Vatican Museum and the Vatican library. In all there are over 1,000 rooms with the most famous including the Sistine Chapel and its renowned ceiling frescoes painted by Michelangelo (restored between 1980 and 1990) and Raphael's Rooms.

The other papal residences are at the Lateran Palace and the Castel Gandolfo outside Rome.

Before 1871, the Quirinal Palace was the Pope's official residence. After the final overthrow of the Papal States in 1870, the King of Italy confiscated that palace in 1871, making it the king's official residence; after the abolition of the Italian monarchy in 1946, it became the President of the Italian Republic's residence.


G-string

A G-string or thong is a narrow piece of cloth or leather, or plastic that passes between the buttocks. It is attached to a band around the hips. It can be worn as a swimwear or underwear by both men and women. The difference between a G-string and a thong is that a G-string has less material between the legs. This makes it look like a string. Variants of the thong or G-string include the "V-string" and the "T-string".

The G-string or thong is probably the earliest form of clothing known to mankind. It originated in the warmer climates of sub-Saharan Africa where clothing was first worn almost 75,000 years ago. Many tribal peoples, like some of the Khoisan people of southern Africa, wore thongs for many centuries. These early pieces of clothes were made to fit the male genitalia.

The G-string was first developed for men by primitive peoples. However, in modern days, Western thongs are usually worn by females. They first became popular in South America in the 1970s. In Brazil, it was originally a style of swimsuit that had a rear area that became so narrow, that it would disappear between the buttocks.

The origin of the term "G-string" is not fully known. The term was first written about by Americans in the late 1800s. They described the loincloth of Philippine natives. Others say the term came from the G-string on an instrument. The origin of the word "thong" is from the Old English "thwong", which is a flexible leather cord.













Staple

Staple may mean:


Transcendental number

A real or complex number is called a transcendental number if it cannot be found as a result of an algebraic equation with integer coefficients.

formula_1

Proving that a certain number is transcendental can be very hard. Each transcendental number is also an irrational number. The first people to see that there were transcendental numbers were Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Leonhard Euler. The first to actually prove there were transcendental numbers was Joseph Liouville. He did this in 1844.

Well known transcendental numbers:



Thong

Thong may refer to:


Flip-flops

In footwear and fashion, flip-flops are a kind of flat, backless sandal. They have a flat sole held on the foot by a u-shaped strap that passes between the first (big) and second toes and around either side of the foot, attached to the sole at three points, commonly known as the thong strap. They may have been developed out of traditional Japanese woven or wooden-soled sandals ("i.e.", zori and setta) in Australia.

Thong, Kent

Thong is a village in Kent, England. It is south of Gravesend. 

Hamlet (place)

A hamlet is a small settlement, smaller than a village. Usually, all settlers in a hamlet are centered around a single economic activity. A hamlet may consist of a farm, a mill, a mine or a harbor. All the people living there would be workers on that farm, mill, mine or harbour. Hamlets, especially those with a medieval church may have resulted from a medieval village, that was abandoned for some reason.

Because of the small size of the settlement, there are usually no buildings which have a central or admninistratrive function. There usually is no church, town hall or pub. Roads and streets in the hamlet do not have names, most of the time. 5-6 families may live there usually within a 2km radius area. 

In Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the Alsace region of France, such hamlets often have names that end in "-wil", "-wil(l)er", "-wyhl" or "-viller".

Recording Industry Association of America

The Recording Industry Association of America or RIAA is an organization that was created and paid for by large record companies. It is based in Washington, D.C. It symbolizes the entire recording industry of the United States of America. The RIAA also participates in the collection, management and distribution of music licenses and royalties.

The association is responsible for certifying gold and platinum albums and singles in the U.S. Its goals are:

The members of the RIAA are mostly record companies in the U.S.

The RIAA was created in 1952 to create technical standards for vinyl records so any record could play on any record player without difficulty. In today's times, the RIAA's goals is to prevent piracy of records. The RIAA says that the music industry loses nearly 4.2 billion U.S. dollars a year because of this.



Mar del Plata

Mar del Plata is a city of Argentina in the Buenos Aires Province. It is found on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean, about 400 km south of Buenos Aires. Mar del Plata has a population of 541,733 people. It is the 7th biggest city in Argentina.


Pope Boniface VIII

Pope Boniface VIII (; c. 1230 – October 11, 1303), born Benedetto Caetani, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 194th Pope from 1294 to 1303.

Benedetto Caetani was born in 1235 at Anagni in Italy. Caetani studied at Todi and at Spoleto where he earned a degree in law. He came from a very noble family. His family was in government.

In 1265, Caetani traveled with Cardinal Ottobuono Fieschi to England.

In 1281, Pope Martin IV raised Caetani to the rank of cardinal. In 1291, Pope Nicholas IV made him Cardinal of SS. Silvestro e Martino ai Monti.

Cardinal Caetani was elected in 1294; and he chose to be called Boniface VIII.

Pope Boniface confirmed the decree of Pope Celestine V that any pope can freely resign.

Boniface was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Boniface VIII made a rule that if a ruler (king) fined people taxes without the church or popes' permission that the ruler would be excluded from the church. He would make rash decisions without consideration. He was known to be harsh, mean, cruel, and did not listen to other people's recommendations. For example, He declared a very rash papal law that all people, not just Christians, must follow him if they want to go to heaven. He believed as the Pope, all rulers should bow down to him and respect him.

Dante mentions Boniface in "The Inferno." He identifies the pope as "the Prince of the new Pharisees."




Signal

Signal, signals or signalling may refer to:





Signal (electrical engineering)

In the fields of communications, signal processing, and in electrical engineering more generally, a signal is any time-varying quantity. 

The concept is broad, and hard to define precisely. Definitions specific to subfields are common. For example, in information theory, a "signal" is a codified message, i.e., the sequence of states in a communications channel that encodes a message. In a "communications system", a "transmitter" encodes a "message" into a signal, which is carried to a "receiver" by the communications "channel". For example, the words "Mary had a little lamb" might be the message spoken into a telephone. The telephone transmitter converts the sounds into an electrical voltage signal. The signal is transmitted to the receiving telephone by wires; and at the receiver it is reconverted into sounds.





Shannon, C. E., 2005 [1948], "A Mathematical Theory of Communication," (corrected reprint ), accessed Dec. 15, 2005. Orig. 1948, "Bell System Technical Journal", vol. 27, pp. 379–423, 623-656.

Eddie August Schneider

Eddie August Schneider (October 20, 1911 – December 23, 1940) was an American aviator. He set the transcontinental airspeed record for pilots under the age of twenty-one in 1930. When he received his pilot's license, he was the youngest licensed pilot in the United States.

Eddie Schneider was born in 1911 in Manhattan in New York City. His father was Emil August Schneider (1886-1955), a banker and stock broker who born in Germany. His mother was Inga Karoline Eldora Pedersen (1882-1927), who was born in Farsund, Norway. The family moved from Manhattan to Red Bank, New Jersey, and then they moved to Jersey City, New Jersey by 1920. Eddie graduated from Dickinson High School in Jersey City in 1927, the same year that his mother died. After his mother's death, he and his parents visited Bielefeld, Germany and Farsund, Norway to visit with relatives. In Germany Eddie went on a plane ride and then aviation became his obsession. In 1929 he trained at Roosevelt Field on Long Island and became the youngest person in the United States to receive a commercial pilot's license. That same year he also received a mechanics license, becoming the youngest licensed airplane mechanic in New York. 

On August 25, 1930 he set the round-trip transcontinental air speed record for pilots under the age of twenty-one years in his airplane. He flew from Westfield, New Jersey on August 14, 1930 to Los Angeles, California in 4 days with a combined flying time of 29 hours and 55 minutes. He lowered the East to West record by 4 hours and 22 minutes. He then made the return trip from Los Angeles to New York City in 27 hours and 19 minutes, lowering the West to East record by 1 hour and 36 minutes. His total elapsed time for the round trip was 57 hours and 14 minutes, breaking the preceding record for the round trip. Frank Goldsborough held the previous record which was 62 hours and 58 minutes. When Eddie landed in New York on August 25, 1930, his first words were to his father: "Hello Pop, I made it."

He married Gretchen Hahnen (1902-1986) in New York City on June 2, 1934. Gretchen was the daughter of Zora M. Hahnen (1882-1962) and was originally from Des Moines, Iowa. Eddie met her at an aviation function. They did not have any children. 

In 1936 Eddie left for Spain to be a pilot in the Spanish Civil War which was against the law. Along with fellow Americans Bert Acosta and Frederic Ives Lord he organized the Yankee Squadron. He was only there for a month before he returned to the United States. When talking to reporters Eddie said: "I was broke, hungry, jobless ... yet despite the fact that all three of us are old-time aviators who did our part for the development of the industry, we were left out in the cold in the Administration’s program of job making. Can you blame us for accepting the lucrative Spanish offer?" 

On December 23, 1940, Eddie was killed in an accident while training another pilot. They were trying to land, when a Navy pilot struck the tail of Eddie's plane. Eddie's plane went into a spin and crashed into the river. Both the student and Eddie were killed.

Córdoba, Argentina

Córdoba is a city in the center of Argentina, about 700 km from Buenos Aires. It is the capital of Córdoba Province. As of 2006 Córdoba has a population of over 1,300,000 inhabitants, making it Argentina's second largest city.

Cordoba, sometimes abbreviated Cba, is the capital of the same name province and from Buenos Aires Argentina's most populous city. Consequently, it is an important centre for cultural, economic, financial and entertainment. Cordoba is referred also as La Docta and to the city of bells.

It is in the central region of the country, on both banks of the River Suquía. It is the only Department Capital municipality. Communal participation centers that decentralized is administratively divided into eleven. The provincial census 2008 established a population of 1.309.536 inhabitants, which indicates that the same grows to rate decreasing.

Shaped a square of 24 km side, totalling an area of 576 km². Limited to the North with the Columbus Department; East with the Columbus (North of the River Suquía) Department and Department Santa Maria (South of the Suquía River); the Santa María Department in the South and West with Santa Department Mary (South of the Suquía River) and the colon (North of the River Suquía) Department.

Córdoba was founded by from Seville Jerome, Luis Cabrera on 6 July in 1573 as a people of Spanish to serve as a refuge for indigenous to be able to navigate and traded freely. The city was declared provisional capital on two occasions, the first 1806 (such as capital of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata during the English invasions), and then click 1955 during the events of the Revolution freedom. It is the second largest since the beginning of radiation metropolis industrialists.

Much of the mass transit (during the day are more than 700 units) system works 24 hours, as well as the guards of the hospitals.

Cordoba is an important cultural, receiving factory of university students throughout the country and the world. [ 10 ] your University the first to have been founded in Argentina and the oldest fourth in America, was founded in 1613. It is considered one of the most important of the continent. Has more than one hundred thousand students.

The city has important historical, cultural and tourist points. The Cañada de Córdoba It is the partial channelling of a stream which crosses the city of South to North. The Arc of Cordoba is an important symbol in the Southeast, deposit on Route 9 national. In 2000 the UNESCO declared the Apple Jesuit heritage and American Capital of culture that year was appointed in 2006.

Its skyline is rather low buildings (11-18 floors), but in neighbourhoods as New Córdoba the density is high. The Tower Angela, 30-story is the highest building.

Cordoba economy relies heavily on the commercial sector (57 per cent of companies), services (31%) and industrial (11%), although respect this last sector is important to clarify that while the number of companies is not as important as in the commercial sector, its weight in the economy it is. The primary sector, still low in comparison to the rest of the province, has its place in the green belt, on the outskirts of the area urban. [ 12 ] In 2007 the Geographical gross product was $10.939.049.000 (1993 purchasing power party) representing approximately 3.65 per cent of the Gross domestic product of the country.

Major deficits in Córdoba include social inclusion (via education) of the inhabitants of the poor districts and villas misery. On the urban side one of the main problems is the system define, which is overwhelmed and only reaches 50.3 per cent of the population, the value lowest between major cities of the country.

It occurred in Córdoba made of historical relevance. It was Centre of the university reform in 1918, the industrialization of 1930, the Revolution freedom in 1955 and the Cordobazo, in 1969.

Air New Zealand

Air New Zealand is a big passenger airline from Auckland, New Zealand. It flies mainly in Australasia and South Pacific, but it also has services to Europe, North America and Asia. It is a Star Alliance member. It joined the alliance in 1999. Its main base or hub is Auckland International Airport.

In 1940, TEAL was founded. Its first flights were from Auckland to Sydney and Wellington. Later, flights to Fiji, Samoa, Tahiti and the Cook Islands were added. The Australian government bought 50% of TEAL in 1953. The remaining 50% was owned by the Government of New Zealand. In 1961, the airline became completely owned by the Government of New Zealand. "TEAL" was officially renamed "Air New Zealand" on April 1, 1965. The airline bought Douglas DC-8 airplanes in July 1965. These were used for longer routes to Honolulu and Los Angeles. A larger Boeing 747 was bought in 1981. Air New Zealand bought Ansett Australia in 2000. Ansett later went out of business.

Air New Zealand serves the following destinations:

Air Jamaica

Air Jamaica was the national airline of Jamaica from Kingston, Jamaica. It flies regular services from Kingston and Montego Bay to 23 airports in the Caribbean, the USA, Canada and United Kingdom. The airline's main bases are Norman Manley International Airport (KIN), Kingston and Sangster International Airport (MBJ), Montego Bay.

Ecosystem valuation

Ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool to find out the impact of human activities on an environmental system. It is done by giving an economic value to an ecosystem or its ecosystem services.

The simplest form of ecosystem valuation is that one looks at an ecosystem as if its ecological yield had the same value as it would be on markets where raw or primary products are exchanged. That means one looks at the value of water, wood, fish or game, that is produced in that ecosystem. A price can be put on the natural capital of an ecosystem based on the value of natural resources it yields each year. 

More complex arguments in ecosystem valuation regard nature's services and the assignment of values in a service economy to all that nature does "for humans". Studies compiled by Robert Costanza in the 1990s argued strongly that even just considering the most basic seventeen of these services, the combined value of the ecosystems of the earth was worth more (US$33T) each year than the whole human exchange economy (US$25T) in 1995. Other studies have focused on the marginal value of ecosystem changes, which can be used in cost-benefit analysis of environmental policies.

In Natural Capitalism, 1999, Paul Hawken, Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins advanced an argument to assign the value of Earth in current currency. 

Four types of values can be assigned to ecosystems (Pearce and Turner, 1990):

Methods to estimate the value of ecosystem services which cannot be derived from market prices include "stated preference" methods and "revealed preference" methods. Stated preference methods, such as the contingent valuation method ask people for their willingness to pay for a certain ecosystem (service). Revealed preference methods, such as hedonic pricing and the travel cost method, use a relation with a market good or service to estimate the willingness-to-pay for the service.

Such valuation, and that of the effectiveness of various environmental health measures that affect the value of life and quality of life, are usually thought to be part of economics. Natural capital and individual capital are studied in ecology as living systems, however, this does not extend to the economics of valuation.

Considering "valuation" as an "economic not ecological issue" reflects the way these fields divide of the activities of humans versus non-humans in "making a living". When humans go out to get food or homes, that is studied in "economics", but when non-humans do it, that is "ecology", though it is clear that there are motivations, methods and certainly bodily needs in common.

Since animals do not put explicit prices on ecosystems they use, but do behave as if they are valuable, e.g. by defending turf or access to water, it is mostly a matter of definition whether ecology should include valuation as an issue. It may be anthropocentric to do so, since "valuation" more clearly refers to a human perception rather than being an "objective" attribute of the system perceived. Ecology itself is also human perception, and such related concepts as a food chain are constructed by humans to help them understand ecosystems. In many cases by those who hold that markets and pricing exist independently of any individual human observers and "users", and especially those who deem markets to be "out of control", ecosystem valuation is considered a (marginal, ignored) part of economics. 

Some versions of conflict theory focus on the role of resource scarcity in human conflicts - in effect holding that the resources or ecosystems they fight over are being held so valuable that they are worth considerable risk of harm to control. This is a relative notion of value and value at risk applied to ecosystem.



Economist

An economist is someone who studies or works in the field of economics. Economics is the study of how people make choices to satisfy their wants.

According to Frédéric Bastiat:


Conservative Party (UK)

The Conservative Party (informally as the Tory Party) is the main right wing, sometimes centre-right, political party in the United Kingdom. Their policies usually promote conservatism. They are the currently the largest party in the House of Commons after the 2019 United Kingdom general election, with 365 out of a possible 650 seats.

The party has generally had liberal economic policies that favour free market economics. The party is British unionist, historically opposing Irish reunification, Scottish and Welsh independence, and is generally critical of devolution.

After a leadership election in the Conservative Party in July, August and September 2022, Liz Truss became the leader of the party. She became Prime Minister on 6 September 2022 by default.

Truss announced her resignation as Prime Minister on 20 October 2022, after just 44 days in office. This is the shortest Prime Minister's term in British political history.

The party was founded in 1834 by Robert Peel out of the old Tory Party, which was founded in 1678. During the 1800s, the party was one of the two main political parties along with the Liberal Party. In 1846, the party split over the repeal of the 'Corn Laws', which was favoured by Robert Peel and most top Conservatives but was disliked by backbencher Conservative MPs. Following the repeal, the Peel government fell and Robert Peel and his followers went on to join the Liberal Party. Because of this, the Conservatives were not able to form a majority government for twenty-eight years.

Under the leadership of Benjamin Disraeli, the party created a philosophy which supported the British Empire, the Church of England, the monarchy and social reforms, which took the party into power from 1874 to 1880. In 1886, the Liberal Party split over whether Ireland should be given independence. Those who did not support it became known as the Liberal Unionists and they joined with the Conservatives. This alliance meant that the Conservatives were in power for most of the period 1885–1906, under Lord Salisbury and then Arthur Balfour.

By 1906, the Conservatives had another split, this time about the issue of 'tariff reform' and as a result, the party was defeated in a landslide at the 1906 General Election by the Liberal Party. In 1912, the Conservative Party formally joined with the Liberal Unionist Party to create the modern-day Conservative and Unionist Party, however this is usually shortened to Conservative Party. The party was in a coalition with the Liberal Party from 1916 to 1922, and was mostly in power from 1922 to 1929 under Stanley Baldwin. During the 1920s, the Labour Party replaced the Liberals as the Conservative's main political opponent.

The Conservatives were the leading figure in the coalitions of 1931–1935 and 1940–1945, and Winston Churchill was Prime Minister during World War II. Labour defeated the Conservatives at the 1945 General Election and the Conservatives were forced to accept many of Labour's new reforms like the creation of the welfare state and high taxes. The Conservatives returned to power from 1951 to 1964, under Churchill, Anthony Eden, Harold Macmillan and Alec Douglas-Home and during this time, Britain saw a period of economic and national prosperity. The Conservatives were led by Edward Heath from 1965 to 1975 and were in power from 1970 to 1974.

Whilst Heath was in power, he took Britain into the European Union which later would deeply divide the Conservative Party. Direct rule had to be placed on Northern Ireland because of the violence that occurred because of The Troubles. After this, the Ulster Unionist Party stopped supporting the Conservative Party at Westminster. A miner's strike and rising inflation in 1973 caused Heath to start the three-day working week to ration power. The February 1974 General Election caused a hung parliament and Labour was in power until 1979.

Margaret Thatcher became Conservative leader in 1975 and successfully introduced a number of monetarist policies. In 1979, the party was returned to power because of the Labour government's handling of the 'Winter of Discontent' and Britain's growing inflation. Thatcher was Prime Minister from 1979 to 1990 and won the General Elections of 1979, 1983 and 1987. Thatcher's second and third terms saw the privatisation of most of Britain's state-owned industry, such as British Telecom in 1984, British gas in 1986, British Airways in 1987 and British Leyland and British Steel in 1988.

In 1989, the Conservative government introduced the Community Charge, or 'Poll Tax' which was seen as unfair to the poor and was very unpopular. Thatcher was replaced as Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader in 1990 by John Major. Major led the country and the party until 1997. John Major replaced the unpopular Community Charge with the Council Tax in 1992 and led the party to a surprise victory in the 1992 General Election. Although there was a recession in the early 1990s, John Major's Conservative government started a long period of economic prosperity which would last until the late 2000s. In the 1997 General Election, the Conservatives were defeated in a landslide and lost all of their Scottish and Welsh seats. This is blamed on party splits over the European Union, the "Black Wednesday" currency problem in 1992, and the 'New' Labour Party led by Tony Blair.

The party entered thirteen years of opposition, with William Hague leading the party from 1997 to 2001. At the 2001 General Election, the party's campaign focused on several right-wing policies. Hague was seen as a powerful speaker, but his leadership was damaged by some poor publicity stunts. The party made a net gain of only one seat at the 2001 General Election. Iain Duncan Smith led the party from 2001 to 2003 and he did moderate some of the party's right-wing policies. He did not return the party to power, and Michael Howard became leader in 2003.

The Labour government under Tony Blair was becoming unpopular because of the Iraq War. Michael Howard managed to reduce Labour's majority in parliament at the 2005 General Election, from 167 to 66. Howard resigned soon after this and David Cameron became Conservative Party leader. Cameron focused on modern and environmental issues. The Conservatives had a regular lead in opinion polls from 2007 onwards and at the 2010 General Election, the party won the most seats in parliament and the highest number of votes but was 20 seats short of a majority in parliament. A coalition government was made with the Liberal Democrats and David Cameron became Prime Minister on May 11, 2010. In the United Kingdom general election, 2015 the Conservatives won 331 seats. The first Conservative-majority government since 1992 was formed.

Leaders have adopted policies of liberal conservatism. This has included a "greener" environmental and energy policy, and adoption of socially liberal views. An example is the acceptance of same-sex marriage. However, these policies have been accompanied by a fiscal conservatism: they have maintained a hard stance on bringing down the deficit, and starting a programme of economic austerity. Other modern policies of one-nation conservatism include education reform, extending student loan applicants to postgraduate applicants. and Christian democracy. Such policies allow poorer students to go further, but still increase tuition fees for the highest earners of society. There has also been an emphasis on human rights. The European Convention on Human Rights is accepted, and individual initiative is supported.

After the UK voted to leave the EU on the 23rd June 2016, Cameron resigned as Conservative leader and PM. On 11 July 2016 it was announced that Theresa May would become the new Leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister on the evening of 13 July 2016.

Recent policies include a target to reach net zero C0 emissions by 2050, investment in clean energy and the environment, increased education funding, increased funding in science and research, increased police numbers, and increased NHS (National Health Service) funding. In 2019, the Conservative Party became the first major world government to declare a climate emergency declaration. After the 2019 general election, there are now more LGBT+ Conservative MPs in Parliament.

Support for the party comes mainly from the South of England, Eastern England and rural areas, however, in recent years, support from the north of England has increased.

The Conservative Party has these seats:

House of Commons (MPs) - 

House of Lords (Peers) - 

London Assembly (AMs) - 

Scottish Parliament (MSPs) - 

Welsh Assembly (AMs) - 

Local Government (Councillors) - 

Named below are all of the previous Conservative Party leaders since 1922. Their time as leader is placed in brackets.


Sandwich

A sandwich is a food prepared by placing different kinds of foods between two pieces of bread. The pieces of bread in a sandwich are referred to as slices or sheets of bread. Between the slices of bread, people often add in vegetables, meat, or cheese. The sandwich is thought to have been made first for the Earl of Sandwich, hence the name. 

Many people enjoy the sandwich as it is easy and quick to make in a hurry. Also, the sandwich can be easily eaten with one hand without utensils which allows consumers to have a hand free to do other things. Some people prefer to eat a sandwich with both hands.

In many countries, children eat sandwiches for lunch at school. The sandwiches are put in a lunchbox and often wrapped in cling film to keep them fresh.

A sandwich is not limited to a single layer of filling between two pieces of bread. It can have more than one layer of filling and bread. Each layer of filling is commonly referred to as a "deck". For instance, a single decker sandwich would be the standard two slices of bread and one layer of filling. A double decker sandwich will have three slices of bread with two layers of fillings. Generally one piece, is one piece of bread cut in two with a filling between each piece. 

The double decker sandwich is so called because each layer of filling forms a deck, much like a double decker bus. A club sandwich is a double decker sandwich with chicken, bacon and salad. A triple decker sandwich would consist of four slices of bread with three layers of fillings. The BLT is a common type of sandwich filled with bacon, lettuce, and tomato.

If there is only one piece of bread it is sometimes called an open sandwich. Open sandwiches are very common in Scandinavian countries, e.g. in Denmark "smørrebrød" is an open sandwich.

Another form of sandwich is the toasted sandwich. The toasted sandwich can be made from slices of toast instead of bread or the sandwich is toasted whole in an oven or a sandwich presser.

Sandwiches made with different types of bread might be given unique names. A panini, for example, is usually a sandwich on a small roll or loaf which is pressed between two heavy, heated grill plates. Sandwiches are commonly made of white bread, brown bread or French bread, but can also be made of other types (e.g. a panini uses ciabatta).

Sandwiches can also be called by many other names in different parts of the world such as 'grinder', 'sub', 'hoagie' and 'wedge'.

There are many different types of sandwiches. Examples are:


There are many types of filling that can be placed within a sandwich. These include:


In one episode of "The Apprentice", the apprentices were required to make sandwiches for Donald Trump.

In the French film "Taxi" the protagonist is made a special sandwich with half Bayonne ham, half Paris. This later sparks the jealousy of another character.

In the Warner Brothers cartoon "Scooby Doo", Scooby was well known to love making sandwiches with Shaggy having many layers, often with a great variety of fillings.

In the television series "Buffy", during episode 61, Buffy eyes a classmate eating a sandwich, snatches it and hungrily scarfs it down.

In the television series "Star Trek", Scotty used the word sandwich to refer to the makeup of a piece of technology which was made of three layers of two materials, which caused the food synthesizer in the galley of the USS Enterprise to believe that he was requesting a meal. Scotty canceled the process by kicking the offending unit. 

The largest sandwich ever made was made by Wild Woody's Chill and Grill, Roseville, Michigan. It weighed 5,440 lbs.

Artillery

Artillery is a word for the big guns used in an army, for example cannons and howitzers. Such guns are used to shoot targets far away. Artillery is often used to stop enemy troops using an area, to bombard trenches and buildings with enemies in it and to support friendly units. There are many different weapons that are called artillery. They may shoot shells or missiles. Newer systems can even drop mines over a big area, making the area uncrossable. Anti-aircraft warfare includes the use of artillery to fight planes and other aircraft. 

Those who fire the artillery piece are called "gunners". In most cases someone else, called a "spotter" must see the enemy, because artillery often shoots farther than the gunners can see. The artillery crews do not have to see the enemy to damage them. 


House of Lords

The House of Lords is one of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom (UK). It is in London, the capital city of the UK. The other house is the House of Commons. Together, the two houses form the government and parliament of the UK. 

The House of Lords is not elected (voted for), except in the case of the holders of the seats reserved for hereditary peers (who are chosen by the House or by other hereditary peers in their parties).

Many members of the House of Lords sit as "Crossbenchers". This means they do not support either the government or opposition parties, but instead are independent of party politics. They got their name because the benches where they sit are placed across the aisle which separates the government and opposition supporters.

There are several criticisms of the House of Lords, including:


These criticisms have led some to question whether there is a need for a second/upper house at all, and whether the two house system in British politics is still useful. People such as Tony Benn and Rebecca Long-Bailey, have said the House of Lords should be gotten rid of. This is also supported by the Scottish National Party (SNP). This would mean the United Kingdom would have one level of government, which is called unicameralism and is present in many other countries.


Acapulco

Acapulco de Juárez (), commonly called Acapulco ( , ), is a town and sea port on the Pacific coast of Mexico, 300 km (190 miles) southwest from Mexico City. Acapulco is on a deep, semi-circular bay. It is a stop for shipping and cruising lines running between Panama, and San Francisco, California, USA. In 2005, about 722,499 people lived there.

Its name is a Nahuatl word, meaning "plain of dense reeds". The city has been a port since the 16th century.

Playones de San Isidro de Isidro is a community belonging to the Flavio Alfaro canton. The village has a population of approximately 200 people.

Deutsche Bahn

Deutsche Bahn AG (short DB AG or often only DB) is Europe's largest railway company. It runs over 30,000 trains a day and owns more than 5,000 stations. The company headquarters are in Berlin, Germany.

It was founded on January 1, 1994 to replace the Deutsche Bundesbahn, which was the state railway of West Germany, and the Deutsche Reichsbahn, which was the state railway of East Germany.

Deutsche Bahn is also active in the field of logistics and owns companies like Schenker. DB claim they are the second largest logistics company in the world.


Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties

The Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties is a contract of treaties and international law. It also defines the means of expression consent to be bound by a treaty including ratification. It was signed in the 1960s. It codified earlier customs that were there. 105 states signed the convention.



The Lost World

The Lost World is a book written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in the year 1912. In it, Professor Challenger and his companions travel to find a large plateau in South America where dinosaurs still live. After a long journey they find the plateau, and witness not only dinosaurs, but two tribes - an ancient Native American people and ape-men who resemble the missing link.

After many adventures, they return to London and attempt to describe their adventures to a disbelieving public.


Amnesty International

Amnesty International (also called AI or Amnesty) is an international organization founded in London in 1961. They promote human rights in accordance with Universal Declaration of Human Rights and international human rights law. This organization was the recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977 for its defense of human dignity against torture. It is one of the most widely-known human rights groups in the world. The six key areas that Amnesty International focuses on are refugee rights, the rights of women, children, and of minorities, ending torture, stopping the death penalty, the rights of people imprisoned because of what they believe, and protection of human dignity.

Amnesty International is based on these central ideas:



Teletubbies

Teletubbies is a British children's television series for preschool viewers that aired on CBeebies. It was a show made from 31 March 1997 to 16 February 2001. The pilot was made in 1997 It was developed by Ragdoll Productions and created by director Anne Wood CBE and Andrew Davenport who wrote all 365 episodes of the original series and all 120 episodes of the revival series, this time with Darrall Macqueen developing the show. The show had two narrators; Tim Whitnall (for the international versions) and Rolf Saxon (for the PBS Kids version). "Teletubbies" was also shown on television in the United States on the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). Public television used the show on their television network until 29 August 2008, when it was removed from the television schedule and returned on PBS Kids Pluto TV on May 1, 2019.

The show made new episodes until 16 February 2001. Years later, a new series aired in 2015.
The show takes place in a grassy, floral planet referred to as Teletubbyland with rabbits and bees. Calls of birds are heard in the background. The Teletubbytrons, or the Teletubbies for short, are a family of four colourful monkey-like toy telerobots. They have TV screens in their stomachs and antennas on their heads. They live in Teletubbyland with many automated objects (with lemur-like characteristics) such as the Noo-Noo, a blue (after blue, pink and golden) vacuum cleaner, and the Voice Trumpets, a set of speakers shaped like shower heads.

The Teletubbies live in a hill house known as the Tubbytronic Superdome. Located in the ground, it has three entrances, which are a hole at the top and four large half-semicircular doors at the dome's front and back feet.

In every episode, the Teletubbies do similar activities, like playing with the Voice Trumpets or the mishaps caused by the Noo-Noo. That also includes the footage of live children displayed on the screens in the Teletubbies' stomachs and a magical event that happens once per episode. The activities are different from each episode but still very similar.

Tinky Winky "Tinkus Winkus" Teletubby (played by Dave Thompson, Mark Heenehan, and Simon Shelton in the original series and by Jeremiah Krage in the revived series) is the first Teletubby. He is the largest Teletubby, he is purple, and has a triangular antenna on his head. He is notable for the red magic bag he always carries. He is also found dancing in a ballet-style skirt from time to time, which is also often worn by Laa-Laa. He is whimsical, and quite childlike. 

Dipsy Teletubby (played by John Simmit in the original series and Nick Kellington in the revived series) is the second Teletubby. He is lime green and is called "Dipsy" because his straight antenna looks like a dipstick. He has a black and white furry top hat that he likes a lot. Dipsy is the most stubborn of the Teletubbies, and will sometimes refuse to go along with the other Teletubbies' opinions. His face and ears are notably dark.

Laa-Laa Teletubby (played by Nikky Smedley in the original series and Rebecca Hyland in the revived series) is the third Teletubby. She is yellow, has a swirly antenna and is concerned with the welfare of all. She is the best singer of all the Teletubbies and is a drama queen, party girl, spunky, and motherly type. Her favourite thing is a bouncy, orange ball, which is almost as big as she is. She likes to sing and dance. Laa-Laa is one of the two girls in the Teletubbies show.

Po Teletubby (played by Pui Fan Lee in the original series and Rachelle Beinart in the revived series) is the red Teletubby. She is the fourth of the Teletubbies and has an antenna that is round. Po is the smallest of the Teletubbies and gets into trouble the most. She also says the word "Eh-oh" (hello), a word used by herself and the other three Teletubbies.

Po's favourite object is her blue and pink scooter, which she calls "cootuh" (but also "'cooter" or "scootuh"). Po often wants attention and can sometimes be mischievous and naughty when she disobeys the commands of the Voice Trumpets. But at the end of the day, Po always means well. 

Po can speak two languages. Those languages are English (or the broadcasting country's language) and, for counting and singing, Cantonese. For example, she says "Yatt, yit, sam.", which means "One, two, three." She is a problem solver and the best spider-fighter. Po is also a Tomboy type.

In the Teletubbies' house, she sleeps at the side of all the other Teletubbies and sometimes eats Tubby Toast while the others are sleeping. She is voiced by Pui Fan Lee, who can speak Cantonese as well.

Although many are unsure of Po's gender or think she is male, probably because of her scarlet/red colour and tomboyish behaviour, she is explicitly female in several episodes, such as "Dad's Portrait" (Episode 216, first broadcast 1998) and "Numbers: 2" (Episode 30).

The antenna shapes of each Teletubby provide clues as to the character's names:



Little Telenoo-Noo (played by Mark Dean), also known as simply the Little Noo-Noo or Little Telenoo, is the Teletubbies' sentient blue pet elephant-like toy telerobotic vacuum cleaner creature who then turns orange, gold and pink. He cleans up after the Teletubbies ("Noo-Noo tidy up!"). It has been shown that the Noo-Noo has an extraordinarily large storage capacity. He also can vomit out any content, often things that he should not have consumed in the first place such as the Teletubbies' blankets, foods or favourite things. Then he is called Naughty Noo-Noo.

The Noo-Noo does not share the Teletubbies' enthusiasm for big hugs, resulting in Benny Hill-style chase scenes around the dome when the Tubbies try to express their thankfulness, during which the Noo-Noo does an impression of a Formula 1 car engine in full flight. The Teletubbies always win and give the Noo-Noo a <nowiki>"</nowiki>big hug<nowiki>"</nowiki>.

Although non-sentient, the other machines of the Tubbytronic Superdome also play a major role in many episodes.


The show also features the Little Lambs, the Dog, the Butterfly, the Pink Spider, the Magic Crown, the Socks, the Vest, the Pants, the Blue Mittens and the Pink Boots and occasionally, the Trees, the Clouds, the Rabbits and the Bees. The Birds are planned to be in the TV series but only heard off-screen.

The only physical cast members are John Schwab and Sandra Dickson, who play the Voice Trumpets, Penelope Keith, who plays the Brown, Fuzzy Bear with Brown, Fuzzy Hair, Eric Sykes, who plays the Big, Scary Lion with Big, Scary Teeth and Jess Smith who plays the Baby Sun, who is believed to have been around seven months old at the time of filming. Her giggle was included in the single "Teletubbies Say Eh-Oh!" Although not credited, this makes her technically the youngest person ever whose vocals appeared on a number-one song.

Each of the Teletubbies plays a single instrument.


Tinky Winky started a still talked-about controversy in 1999 due to his carrying a bag that looks like a woman's handbag.

He was first called gay by the academic and cultural critic Andy Medhurst in a letter of July 1997 to "The Face", and gained the interest of Jerry Falwell in 1997 when Fallwell said that the character was a "gay role model." Falwell wrote about it in his "National Liberty Journal". He said that in the Washington Post "In/Out" column someone had written that lesbian comedian Ellen DeGeneres was "out" or uncloseted, as the main gay model, while the Tinky Winky was "in" or closeted. Falwell said it was because of the Teletubby's purple colour, the "purse" (British for Handbag) and the triangle antenna which all represented homosexuality. Also, Tinky Winky dances in a tutu, which supporters of the theory may take as evidence.

This caused some Christians to boycott Teletubbies because it made them think that Teletubbies support homosexuality. A February 1999 article in the "National Liberty Journal", published by evangelical pastor Jerry Falwell, warned parents that Tinky Winky could be a hidden homosexual symbol, because "he is purple, the gay pride colour, and his antenna is shaped like a triangle, the gay pride symbol". A spokesman for The itsy bitsy Entertainment Company, which licenses the characters in the United States, said that it was just a magic bag." The fact that he carries a magic bag doesn't make him a homosexual. It's a children's show, folks. To think we would be putting sexual innuendo in a children's show is kind of outlandish", he added.

In an unrelated incident reported in 2000, a girl's Tinky Winky toy reportedly said "I got a gun". Kenn Viselman, then chairman of The itsy bitsy Entertainment Company, said the toy was saying "Again, again!", a catchphrase from the show.

A girl's talking Po doll was thought to be saying "faggot, faggot" as well as "fatty, fatty". Supporters of the interpretation of Tinky Winky as a gay pride symbol might take this as evidence as well. The toy was recalled and it was revealed to have said "fi-dit, fi-dit", which was inspired by Cantonese for "faster, faster".

In the episode, "See-Saw" from (season 1) The Lion and The Bear came to Teletubbyland. The Lion is voiced by Eric Sykes and The Bear is voiced by Penelope Keith. In the original, many kids thought The Lion and The Bear were very scary and parents reported to the BBC that The Lion and The Bear were too scary. In the next season, they will do The Lion and The Bear again but this time with more careful Music and happier voices.

In the United States of America, the show is sponsored for broadcast on television; this is a list of the companies who have sponsored the show.


In 2019, it was announced that "Teletubbies" was axed by the BBC. Later on, it was announced that the Netflix series would be released in 2022.



FLAC

FLAC (which stands for Free Lossless Audio Codec) is a way to code audio files. It makes those audio files smaller, without affecting the sound quality. It is unlike MP3, because when encoding audio using an MP3 encoder, information is lost and cannot be recovered. When a FLAC file is decoded, it will be identical to the original raw audio. WAV is another way to code audio files that is identical to the original raw audio, but FLAC makes files smaller, while WAV does not. FLAC is the most common lossless audio codec.

Lossy encoders, such as MP3 encoders will generate smaller files than lossless encoders such as FLAC, although with a lossy codec the decoder's output will not be exactly identical to the encoder's input, although with a decent encoder at sufficient bitrate, it will be extremely close.

Enabling Act of 1933

The Enabling Act ("Ermächtigungsgesetz" in German) was passed by Germany's parliament (the "Reichstag") on 23 March 1933. It was the second major step after the Reichstag Fire Decree through which the Nazis obtained dictatorial powers using largely legal means. The Act enabled Chancellor Adolf Hitler and his cabinet to enact laws without the participation of the "Reichstag". 

The formal name of the Enabling Act was "Gesetz zur Behebung der Not von Volk und Reich" ("Law to Remedy the Distress of the People and the Empire").

As with most of the laws passed in the process of "Gleichschaltung", the Enabling Act is quite short, considering its consequences. It is therefore reproduced in full in German and English:

The Enabling Act was passed by the Reichstag on March 23 and proclaimed by the government the following day. Following constitutional procedure for legislation, the law was countersigned by President von Hindenburg, Chancellor Hitler, Minister of Interior Frick, Foreign Minister von Neurath, and Minister of Finance von Krosigk.

The Nazis wrote the Enabling act to gain complete political power without the need of the support of a majority in the Reichstag and without the need to bargain with their coalition partners. 

Within 24 hours of being appointed chancellor of Germany on 30 January 1933, Hitler skillfully influenced the outcome by propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels who wrote:

In the days leading up to the elections, the Nazis organized street violence to intimidate the opposition and to build fear of communism. The burning of the Reichstag six days before the election was the pivotal event of the campaign. 

Later that day, the Reichstag assembled under intimidating circumstances, with SA men swarming inside and outside the chamber. Hitler's speech emphasised the importance of Christianity in German culture. This was aimed particularly at appeasing the formerly allied Catholic Centre Party. It partly incorporated the guarantees requested by party chairman Ludwig Kaas.

All parties except the SPD voted in favour of the Enabling Act. With the Communist delegates removed and 26 of the SPD deputies arrested or in hiding, the final vote was 441 supporting the Enabling Act to 94 (all Social Democrats) opposed.

The Communist Party deputies – and a few Social Democratic deputies as well – were already jailed, and the Communist mandates were declared "dormant" by the government shortly after the elections. The remaining free members of parliament were intimidated by the SA surrounding the parliament hall. In the end, only the Social Democrats voted against the bill.

The British tabloid Daily Express described the Jewish reactions of boycott against Germany as "Judea Declares War on Germany" (March 25, 1933).

President von Hindenburg seemed to be pleased with Hitler's firm hand. During the cabinet conference on the Enabling Act, von Hindenburg's representative stated that the aged president was withdrawing from day-to-day affairs of government and that presidential collaboration on the laws decreed as a result of the Enabling Act would not be required.


Pulmonary hypertension

Pulmonary hypertension or PH is a condition where there is high blood pressure in the lungs. This condition makes it hard to breathe. Some people with the condition need extra oxygen. This condition can also make a person dizzy and become easily tired. Some people with the condition faint easily. The symptoms get worse when exercising or working hard. Pulmonary hypertension is a serious condition, and it can be fatal. The condition makes it harder for the heart to pump blood. Because the heart has to work harder, it can also become sick. Some people who are very sick may need a lung transplant or a heart-lung transplant to live. Pulmonary hypertensions full name is pulmonary arterial hypertension even though most people call it pah, ph or pha.

People with pulmonary hypertension have difficulty breathing. They also tire easily. Some of them faint easily too. They might have chest pain. Some patients have swelling of the feet and ankles. These symptoms get worse during exercise or hard work.

Because many diseases can make it hard to breathe, a doctor must learn about the patient's background. This helps the doctor to treat the patient, even if the patient has another disease. The doctor also does several tests. Pulmonary hypertension makes the heart sound different. One test is to measure the blood pressure inside the "pulmonary artery", the blood vessel that goes from the heart to the lungs.

In order to establish the cause, the physician will generally conduct a thorough medical history. A detailed family history is taken to determine whether the disease might be familial. A history of exposure to cocaine, methamphetamine, alcohol leading to cirrhosis, and smoking leading to emphysema are considered significant. Physical examination is performed to look for typical signs of pulmonary hypertension including a loud P2 (pulmonic valve closure sound), (para)sternal heave, jugular venous distension, pedal edema, ascites, hepatojugular reflux, clubbing etc.

In pulmonary hypertension, the blood vessels in the lungs become too narrow. The blood pressure in the lungs becomes high. The heart works very hard to pump blood through the narrow blood vessels. Later on, the blood vessels in the lungs become hard and thick. The heart must work harder.

The heart can work so hard that it becomes sick. This is called heart failure. The sick heart cannot pump blood well. Less blood goes to the lungs, so the blood gets less oxygen. This makes it hard to breathe. This gets worse when exercising or working hard.

The most common cause of pulmonary hypertension is left heart failure. This causes pulmonary "venous" hypertension. This leads to pulmonary edema, or fluid build-up in the lungs.

Many illnesses can cause pulmonary "arterial" hypertension (PAH).

When a person has pulmonary hypertension without any other cause, this is called "idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension" or IPAH.

When a family history exists, the disease is termed "familial pulmonary arterial hypertension", (FPAH). IPAH and FPAH are now considered to be genetic disorders linked to mutations in the "BMPR2" gene, which encodes a receptor for bone morphogenetic proteins, as well as the "5-HT(2B)" gene, which codes for a serotonin receptor.

In medicine, pulmonary hypertension (PH) is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery or lung vasculature, leading to shortness of breath, dizziness, fainting, and other symptoms, all of which are exacerbated by exertion. Depending on the cause, pulmonary hypertension can be a severe disease with a markedly decreased exercise tolerance and right-sided heart failure. It was first identified by Dr Ernst von Romberg in 1891. It can be one of five different types, "arterial, venous, hypoxic, thromboembolic," or "miscellaneous".

Although the terms primary pulmonary hypertension (meaning of unknown cause) and secondary pulmonary hypertension (meaning due to another medical condition) still persist in materials disseminated to patients and the general public, these terms have largely been abandoned in the medical literature. This change has occurred because the older dichotomous classification did not reflect pathophysiology or outcome. It led to erroneous therapeutic decisions, i.e. treat "primary" pulmonary hypertension only. This in turn led to therapeutic nihilism for many patients labeled "secondary" pulmonary hypertension, and could have contributed to their deaths. The term "primary pulmonary hypertension" has now been replaced with "idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension". The terms "primary" and "secondary" pulmonary hypertension should not be used any longer. Further details are in the Classification section below.

The most common cause of pulmonary hypertension is left heart failure leading to pulmonary "venous" hypertension. This may be due to systolic or diastolic malfunction of the left ventricle or due to valvular dysfunction such as mitral regurgitation or mitral stenosis. It usually manifests as pulmonary edema.

Common causes of pulmonary "arterial" hypertension (PAH) include HIV, scleroderma and other autoimmune disorders, cirrhosis and portal hypertension, sickle cell disease, congenital heart disease, thyroid diseases, and others. Use of weight loss pills such as Fen-Phen, Aminorex, fenfluramine (Pondimin), and phentermine led to the development of PAH in the past.

Whatever the initial cause, pulmonary hypertension involves the tightening of blood vessels connected to and within the lungs. This makes it harder for the heart to pump blood through the lungs, much as it is harder to make water flow through a narrow pipe as opposed to a wide one. Over time, the affected blood vessels become both stiffer and thicker, further increasing the blood pressure within the lungs and impairing blood flow. In addition, the increased workload of the heart causes thickening and enlargement of the right ventricle, making the heart less able to pump blood through the lungs, causing right heart failure. As the blood flowing through the lungs decreases, the left side of the heart receives less blood. This blood may also carry less oxygen than normal. Therefore, it becomes harder and harder for the left side of the heart to pump to supply sufficient oxygen to the rest of the body, especially during physical activity.

Because pulmonary hypertension can be of 5 major types, a series of tests must be performed to distinguish pulmonary "arterial" hypertension from "venous, hypoxic, thomboembolic," or "miscellaneous" varieties.

A physical examination is performed to look for typical signs of pulmonary hypertension. These include altered heart sounds, such as a widely split S or second heart sound, a loud P or pulmonic valve closure sound (part of the second heart sound), (para)sternal heave, possible S or third heart sound, and pulmonary regurgitation. Other signs include jugular venous distension (enlargement of the jugular veins), peripheral edema (swelling of the ankles and feet), ascites (abdominal swelling due to the accumulation of fluid), hepatojugular reflux, and clubbing.

Further procedures are required to confirm the presence of pulmonary hypertension and exclude other possible diagnoses. These generally include pulmonary function tests, blood tests, electrocardiography (ECG), arterial blood gas measurements, X-rays of the chest (followed by high-resolution CT scanning if interstitial lung disease is suspected), and ventilation-perfusion or V/Q scanning to exclude chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension. Biopsy of the lung is usually not indicated unless the pulmonary hypertension is thought to be due to an underlying interstitial lung disease. But lung biopsies are fraught with risks of bleeding due to the high intrapulmonary blood pressure. Clinical improvement is often measured by a "six-minute walk test", i.e. the distance a patient can walk in six minutes. Stability and improvement in this measurement correlate with better survival.

Although pulmonary arterial pressure can be estimated on the basis of echocardiography, pressure sampling with a Swan-Ganz catheter provides the most definite measurement. PAOP and PVR can not be measured directly with echocardiography. Therefore, diagnosis of PAH requires a cardiac catheterization. A Swan-Ganz catheter can also measure the cardiac output, which is far more important in measuring disease severity than the pulmonary arterial pressure.

Normal pulmonary arterial pressure in a person living at sea level has a mean value of 12–16 mm Hg (1600–2100 Pa). Definite pulmonary hypertension is present when mean pressures at rest exceed 25 mm Hg (3300 Pa). If mean pulmonary artery pressure rises above 30 mm Hg (4000 Pa) with exercise, that is also considered pulmonary hypertension.

Diagnosis of PAH requires the presence of pulmonary hypertension with two other conditions. Pulmonary artery occlusion pressure (PAOP or PCWP) must be less than 15 mm Hg (2000 Pa) and pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) must be greater than 3 Wood units (240 dyn•s•cm or 2.4 mN•s•cm).

In 2003, the 3rd World Symposium on Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension was convened in Venice to modify the classification based on the new understanding of disease mechanisms. The revised system developed by this group provides the current framework for understanding pulmonary hypertension.

The system includes several improvements over the former 1998 Evian Classification system. Risk factor descriptions were updated, and the classification of congenital systemic-to pulmonary shunts was revised. A new classification of genetic factors in PH was recommended, but not implemented because available data were judged to be inadequate.

The Venice 2003 Revised Classification system can be summarized as follows:

The terms primary and secondary pulmonary hypertension (PPH and SPH) were formerly used to classify the disease. This led to the assumption that only the primary disease should be treated, and the secondary variety should be ignored in favor of treating only the underlying illness. In fact all forms of pulmonary arterial hypertension are treatable. Unfortunately, this classification system still persists in the minds of many physicians, and probably leads to many patients with being denied treatment. This nihilistic approach to pulmonary arterial hypertension may also contribute to underdiagnosis. It is estimated that there are about 100,000 patients with PAH in the US, but only 15-20,000 have been diagnosed. Many others have been misdiagnosed as COPD, asthma, or congestive heart failure.

The term primary pulmonary hypertension (PPH) has now been replaced with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) in much of the medical literature. However, some physicians continue to use the older classification inappropriately.

IPAH is a rare disease with an incidence of about 2-3 per million per year and a prevalence of about 15 per million. Women are almost three times as likely to present with IPAH than men.

Other forms of PAH are far more common. In scleroderma the incidence has been estimated to be 6 to 60% of all patients, in rheumatoid arthritis up to 21%, in systemic lupus erythematosus 4 to 14%, in portal hypertension between 2 and 5%, in HIV about 0.5%, and in sickle cell disease ranging from 20 to 40%.

Diet pills such as Fen-Phen produced an annual incidence of 25-50 per million per year.

Treatment is determined by whether the PH is arterial, venous, hypoxic, thromboembolic, or miscellaneous. Since pulmonary "venous" hypertension is synonymous with congestive heart failure, the treatment is to optimize left ventricular function by the use of diuretics, beta blockers, ACE inhibitors, etc., or to repair/replace the mitral valve or aortic valve.

In PAH, lifestyle changes, digoxin, diuretics, oral anticoagulants, and oxygen therapy are considered "conventional" therapy, but have never been proven to be beneficial in a randomized, prospective manner.

High dose calcium channel blockers are useful in only 5% of IPAH patients who are "vasoreactive" by Swan-Ganz catheter. Unfortunately, calcium channel blockers have been largely misused, being prescribed to many patients with non-vasoreactive PAH, leading to excess morbidity and mortality.

Three major pathways are involved in abnormal proliferation and contraction of the smooth-muscle cells of the pulmonary artery in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension. These pathways correspond to important therapeutic targets in this condition and play a role in determining which of three classes of drugs—endothelin receptor antagonists, phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors, and prostacyclin derivatives—will be used.

Prostacyclin (prostaglandin I) is commonly considered the most effective treatment for PAH. Epoprostenol (synthetic prostacyclin, marketed as Flolan®) is given via continuous infusion that requires a semi-permanent central venous catheter. This delivery system can cause sepsis and thrombosis. Flolan® is unstable, and therefore has to be kept on ice during administration. Since it has a half-life of 3 to 5 minutes, the infusion has to be continuous (24/7), and interruption can be fatal. Other prostanoids have therefore been developed. Treprostinil (Remodulin®) can be given intravenously or subcutaneously, but the subcutaneous form can be very painful. Iloprost (Ilomedin®) is also used in Europe intravenously and has a longer half life. Iloprost (marketed as Ventavis®) is the only inhaled form of prostacyclin approved for use in the US and Europe. This form of administration has the advantage of selective deposition in the lungs with less systemic side effects.

The dual (ET and ET) endothelin receptor antagonist bosentan (marketed as Tracleer®) was approved in 2001. Two selective endothelin receptor antagonists (ET only) are in the final stages of approval: sitaxsentan and ambrisentan. Sildenafil, a selective inhibitor of cGMP specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5), was approved for the treatment of PAH in 2005. It is marketed for PAH as Revatio®. Tadalafil (currently marketed as Cialis® for erectile dysfunction) is currently is Phase III trials. Vasoactive intestinal peptide by inhalation should enter clinical trials for PAH in 2007. PRX-08066 is a serotonin antagonist currently being developed for hypoxic pulmonary hypertension.

Atrial septostomy is a surgical procedure that creates a communication between the right and left atria. It relieves pressure on the right side of the heart, but at the cost of lower oxygen levels in blood (hypoxia). It is best performed in experienced centers. Lung transplantation cures pulmonary arterial hypertension, but leaves the patient with the complications of transplantation, and a survival of about 5 years.

Pulmonary thromboendarterectomy (PTE) is a surgical procedure that is used for chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension. It is the surgical removal of an organized thrombus (clot) along with the lining of the pulmonary artery; it is a large and very difficult procedure that is currently performed in a few select centers. Case series show remarkable success in most patients.

Treatment for hypoxic and miscellaneous varieties of pulmonary hypertension have not been established. However, studies of several agents are currently enrolling patients. Many physicians will treat these diseases with the same medications as for PAH, until better options become available.

The NIH IPAH registry from the 1980s showed an "untreated" median survival of 2–3 years from time of diagnosis, with the cause of death usually being right ventricular failure (cor pulmonale). Although this figure is widely quoted, it is probably irrelevant today. Outcomes have changed dramatically over the last two decades. This may be because of newer drug therapy, better overall care, and earlier diagnosis (lead time bias). A recent outcome study of those patients who had started treatment with bosentan (Tracleer®) showed that 86% patients were alive at 3 years. With multiple agents now available, combination therapy is increasingly used. Impact of these agents on survival is not known, since many of them have been developed only recently. It would not be unreasonable to expect median survival to extend past 10 years in the near future.


Eastern Standard Time

There are three different time zones called Eastern Standard Time Zone:

Decameron

The Decameron is a collection of 100 short stories. It was written by the Italian writer Giovanni Boccaccio around 1350. In the book, ten friends, seven young women and three young men, leave the city of Florence because of the plague and stay in a large house in the countryside. Each day, they entertain each other by taking turns to tell stories. The stories are of different types. Some are romantic, some are erotic, some are comedies and some are tragedies. 

Other writers have used the stories for ideas. Many paintings have been done which illustrate the stories. The picture to the right shows a scene from the story of "The Pot of Basil" in which Isabella buries the head of her murdered lover Ferdinand inside a potplant.


Lung transplant

A lung transplant is a type of surgery. People who can not breathe without additional oxygen may need a lung transplant. In this surgery, the patient's ill lung or lungs are removed. A healthy lung or lungs are put into the patient. The healthy lungs may come from a dead or from a living person. When the person who gives, or donates, the healthy lung is still alive, only one lung is removed. Sometimes a healthy person can give just part of a lung to a sick person. A healthy person can normally give a lung or part of a lung without becoming sick. 

Commodity

Commodity is a term with distinct meanings in both business and in Marxian political economy. For the former, it is a product, that is traded solely on the basis of price. For Marxian political economy it means wares offered for exchange.

In the world of business, a commodity is a product, good or service that is traded based solely on its price, rather than quality and features. Examples include: electricity (most users of electric power are only concerned with energy consumption; only a minority of users are concerned with the quality and technical details of voltage and frequency deviations), wheat, bulk chemicals such as sodium carbonate, metals, and even orange juice. 

In the original and simplified sense, "commodities" were things of value, of uniform quality, that were produced in large quantities by many different producers; the items from each different producer are considered as of the same value. 

Wheat is an example of a soft commodity. Wheat from many different farms comes together. Generally, it is all traded at the same price; wheat from farm A has not another price than wheat from farm B. Some uniform standard of quality is assumed. (There may be various standards leading to different pools: one say for genetically modified wheat, and one for unmodified wheat.)
International markets for the trade of commodities can be very efficient, particularly if the division into pools matches demand segments. These markets will quickly respond to changes in supply and demand to find a price.

In classical political economy and especially Karl Marx's critique of political economy, a commodity is simply any good or service offered as a product for sale on the market. Some items are also seen as being treated "as if" they were commodities, e.g. human labour or labor power, works of art and natural resources, even though they may not be produced specifically for the market, or be non-reproducible goods. 

Marx's analysis of the commodity is intended to help solve the problem of what establishes the economic value of goods, using the labor theory of value. This problem was extensively debated by Adam Smith, David Ricardo and Karl Rodbertus-Jagetzow among others. Value and price are not equivalent terms in economics, and theorising the specific relationship of value to market price has been a challenge for both liberal and Marxist economists.

To understand the concept of a commodity, consider a chair. It is a commodity if the chair is a tradeable product of human work possessing a social use-value. By contrast, a fallen log of deadwood sat upon in the forest is not a commodity, as it was not produced by human work for the purpose of trade. A chair created by a hobbyist as a gift to someone is not a commodity. Nor is a chair a commodity (as a chair) if its only use would be as scrap firewood (unless one purchases a chair specifically to chop it up for fire wood). A chair that nobody could sit on has no use-value, and cannot be a commodity (unless it has an ornamental value, e.g. in a doll's house).


Commodity market

Commodity markets are markets where raw or primary products are exchanged. These raw commodities are traded on regulated commodities exchanges, in which they are bought and sold in standardized contracts.

This article focuses on the history and current debates regarding global commodity markets. It covers physical product (food, metals, electricity) markets but not the ways that services, including those of governments, nor investment, nor debt, can be seen as a commodity. Articles on reinsurance markets, stock markets, bond markets and currency markets cover those concerns separately and in more depth. One focus of this article is the relationship between simple commodity money and the more complex instruments offered in the commodity markets.

See List of traded commodities for some commodities and their trading units and places.

The modern commodity markets have their roots in the trading of agricultural products. While wheat and corn, cattle and pigs, were widely traded using standard instruments in the 19th century in the United States, other basic foodstuffs such as soybeans were only added quite recently in most markets. For a commodity market to be established, there must be very broad consensus on the variations in the product that make it acceptable for one purpose or another.

The economic impact of the development of commodity markets is hard to over-estimate. Through the 19th century "the exchanges became effective spokesmen for, and innovators of, improvements in transportation, warehousing, and financing, which paved the way to expanded interstate and international trade."

Historically, dating from ancient Sumerian use of sheep or goats, or other peoples using pigs, rare seashells, or other items as commodity money, people have sought ways to standardize and trade contracts in the delivery of such items, to render trade itself more smooth and predictable.

Commodity money and commodity markets in a crude early form are believed to have originated in Sumer where small baked clay tokens in the shape of sheep or goats were used in trade. Sealed in clay vessels with a certain number of such tokens, with that number written on the outside, they represented a promise to deliver that number. This made them a form of commodity money - more than an "I.O.U." but less than a guarantee by a nation-state or bank. However, they were also known to contain promises of time and date of delivery - this made them like a modern futures contract. Regardless of the details, it was only possible to verify the number of tokens inside by shaking the vessel or by breaking it, at which point the number or terms written on the outside became subject to doubt. Eventually the tokens disappeared, but the contracts remained on flat tablets. This represented the first system of commodity accounting.

However, the Commodity status of living things is always subject to doubt - it was hard to validate the health or existence of sheep or goats. Excuses for non-delivery were not unknown, and there are recovered Sumerian letters that complain of sickly goats, sheep that had already been fleeced, etc.

If a seller's reputation was good, individual "backers" or "bankers" could decide to take the risk of "clearing" a trade. The observation that trust is always required between market participants later led to credit money. But until relatively modern times, communication and credit were primitive.

Classical civilizations built complex global markets trading gold or silver for spices, cloth, wood and weapons, most of which had standards of quality and timeliness. Considering the many hazards of climate, piracy, theft and abuse of military fiat by rulers of kingdoms along the trade routes, it was a major focus of these civilizations to keep markets open and trading in these scarce commodities. Reputation and clearing became central concerns, and the states which could handle them most effectively became very powerful empires, trusted by many peoples to manage and mediate trade and commerce.

Commodity and Futures contracts are based on what’s termed "Forward" Contracts. Early on these "forward" contracts (agreements to buy now, pay and deliver later) were used as a way of getting products from producer to the consumer. These typically were only for food and agricultural Products. Forward contracts have evolved and have been standardized into what we know today as futures contracts. Although more complex today, early “Forward” contracts for example, were used for rice in seventeenth century Japan. Modern "forward", or futures agreements, began in Chicago in the 1840s, with the appearance of the railroads. Chicago, being centrally located, emerged as the hub between Midwestern farmers and producers and the east coast consumer population centers.

"Hedging", a common (and sometimes mandatory) practice of farming cooperatives, insures against a poor harvest by purchasing futures contracts in the same commodity. If the cooperative has significantly less of its product to sell due to weather or insects, it makes up for that loss with a profit on the markets, since the overall supply of the crop is short everywhere that suffered the same conditions.

Whole developing nations may be especially vulnerable, and even their currency tends to be tied to the price of those particular commodity items until it manages to be a fully developed nation. For example, one could see the nominally fiat money of Cuba as being tied to sugar prices, since a lack of hard currency paying for sugar means less foreign goods per peso in Cuba itself. In effect, Cuba needs a hedge against a drop in sugar prices, if it wishes to maintain a stable quality of life for its citizens.

In addition, delivery day, method of settlement and delivery point must all be specified. Typically, trading must end two (or more) business days prior to the delivery day, so that the routing of the shipment (which for soybeans is 30,000 kilograms or 1,102 bushels) can be finalized via ship or rail, and payment can be settled when the contract arrives at any delivery point.

U.S. soybean futures, for example, are of standard grade if they are "GMO or a mixture of GMO and Non-GMO No. 2 yellow soybeans of Indiana, Ohio and Michigan origin produced in the U.S.A. (Non-screened, stored in silo)," and of deliverable grade if they are "GMO or a mixture of GMO and Non-GMO No. 2 yellow soybeans of Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin origin produced in the U.S.A. (Non-screened, stored in silo)." Note the distinction between states, and the need to clearly mention their status as "GMO" ("Genetically Modified Organism") which makes them unacceptable to most "organic" food buyers.

Similar specifications apply for orange juice, cocoa, sugar, wheat, corn, barley, pork bellies, milk, feedstuffs, fruits, vegetables, other grains, other beans, hay, other livestock, meats, poultry, eggs, or any other commodity which is so traded.

The concept of an interchangeable deliverable or guaranteed delivery is always to some degree a fiction. Trade in commodities is like trade in any other physical product or service. No magic of the commodity contract itself makes "units" of the product totally uniform nor gets it to the delivery point safely and on time.

Cotton, kilowatt-hours of electricity, board feet of wood, long distance minutes, royalty payments due on artists' works, and other products and services have been traded on markets of varying scale, with varying degrees of success. One issue that presents major difficulty for creators of such instruments is the liability accruing to the purchaser:

Unless the product or service can be guaranteed or insured to be free of liability based on where it came from and how it got to market, e.g. kilowatts must come to market free from legitimate claims for smog death from coal burning plants, wood must be free from claims that it comes from protected forests, royalty payments must be free of claims of plagiarism or piracy, it becomes impossible for sellers to guarantee a uniform delivery.

Generally, governments must provide a common regulatory or insurance standard and some release of liability, or at least a backing of the insurers, before a commodity market can begin trading. This is a major source of controversy in for instance the energy market, where desirability of different kinds of power generation varies drastically. In some markets, e.g. Toronto, Canada, surveys established that customers would pay 10-15% more for energy that was not from coal or nuclear, but strictly from renewable sources such as wind.

However, if there are two or more standards of risk or quality, as there seem to be for electricity or soybeans, it is relatively easy to establish two different contracts to trade in the more and less desirable deliverable separately. If the consumer acceptance and liability problems can be solved, the product can be made interchangeable, and trading in such units can begin.

Since the detailed concerns of industrial and consumer markets vary widely, so do the contracts, and "grades" tend to vary significantly from country to country. A proliferation of contract units, terms, and futures contracts have evolved, 
combined into an extremely sophisticated range of financial instruments.

These are more than one-to-one representations of units of a given type of commodity, and represent more than simple futures contracts for future deliveries. These serve a variety of purposes from simple gambling to price insurance.

The underlying of futures contracts are no longer restricted to commodities.

Building on the infrastructure and credit and settlement networks established for food and precious metals, many such markets have proliferated drastically in the late 20th century. Oil was the first form of energy so widely traded, and the fluctuations in the oil markets are of particular political interest.

Some commodity market speculation is directly related to the stability of certain states, e.g. during the Gulf War, speculation on the survival of the regime of Saddam Hussein in Iraq. Similar political stability concerns have from time to time driven the price of oil. Some argue that this is not so much a commodity market but more of an assassination market speculating on the survival (or not) of Saddam or other leaders whose personal decisions may cause oil supply to fluctuate by military action.

The oil market is, however, an exception. Most markets are not so tied to the politics of volatile regions - even natural gas tends to be more stable, as it is not traded across oceans by tanker as extensively.

Developing countries (democratic or not) have been moved to harden their currencies, accept IMF rules, join the WTO, and submit to a broad regime of reforms that amount to a "hedge" against being isolated. China's entry into the WTO signalled the end of truly isolated nations entirely managing their own currency and affairs. The need for stable currency and predictable clearing and rules-based handling of trade disputes, has led to a global trade hegemony - many nations "hedging" on a global scale against each other's anticipated "protectionism", were they to fail to join the WTO.

There are signs, however, that this regime is far from perfect. U.S. trade sanctions against Canadian softwood lumber (within NAFTA) and foreign steel (except for NAFTA partners Canada and Mexico) in 2002 signalled a shift in policy towards a tougher regime perhaps more driven by political concerns - jobs, industrial policy, even sustainable forestry and logging practices.

Commodity thinking is undergoing a more direct revival thanks to the theorists of "natural capital" whose products, some economists argue, are the only genuine commodities - air, water, and calories we consume being mostly interchangeable when they are free of pollution or disease. Whether we wish to think of these things as tradeable commodities rather than birthrights has been a major source of controversy in many nations.

Most types of environmental economics consider the shift to measuring them inevitable, arguing that reframing political economy to consider the flow of these basic commodities first and foremost, helps avoids use of any military fiat except to protect "natural capital" itself, and basing credit-worthiness more strictly on commitment to preserving biodiversity aligns the long-term interests of ecoregions, societies, and individuals. They seek relatively conservative sustainable development schemes that would be amenable to measuring well-being over long periods of time, typically "seven generations", in line with Native American thought.

However, this is not the only way in which commodity thinking interacts with ecologists' thinking. Hedging began as a way to escape the consequences of damage done by natural conditions. It has matured not only into a system of interlocking guarantees, but also into a system of indirectly trading on the actual damage done by weather, using "weather derivatives". For a price, this relieves the purchaser of the following types of concerns:

"Will a freeze hurt the Brazilian coffee crop? Will there be a drought in the U.S. Corn Belt? What are the chances that we will have a cold winter, driving natural gas prices higher and creating havoc in Florida orange areas? What is the status of El Niño?"

Weather trading is just one example of "negative commodities", units of which represent harm rather than good.

"Economy is three fifths of ecology" argues Mike Nickerson, one of many economic theorists who holds that nature's productive services and waste disposal services are poorly accounted for. One way to fairly allocate the waste disposal capacity of nature is "cap and trade" market structure that is used to trade toxic emissions rights in the United States, e.g. SO2. This is in effect a "negative commodity", a right to throw something away.

In this market, the atmosphere's capacity to absorb certain amounts of pollutants is measured, divided into units, and traded amongst various market players. Those who emit more SO2 must pay those who emit less. Critics of such schemes argue that unauthorized or unregulated emissions still happen, and that "grandfathering" schemes often permit major polluters, such as the state governments' own agencies, or poorer countries, to expand emissions and take jobs, while the SO2 output still floats over the border and causes death.

In practice, political pressure has overcome most such concerns and it is questionable whether this is a capacity that depends on U.S. clout: The Kyoto Protocol established a similar market in global greenhouse gas emissions without U.S. support.

This highlights one of the major issues with global commodity markets of either the positive or negative kind. A community must somehow believe that the commodity instrument is real, enforceable, and well worth paying for.

A very substantial part of the anti-globalization movement opposes the commodification of currency, national sovereignty, and traditional cultures. 
The capacity to repay debt, as in the current global credit money regime anchored by the Bank for International Settlements, does not in their view correspond to measurable benefits to human well-being worldwide. They seek a fairer way for societies to compete in the global markets that will not require conversion of natural capital to natural resources, nor human capital to move to developed nations in order to find work.

Some economic systems by green economists would replace the "gold standard" with a "biodiversity standard". It remains to be seen if such plans have any merit other than as political ways to draw attention to the way capitalism itself interacts with life.

While classical, neoclassical, and Marxist approaches to economics tend to treat labor differently, they are united in treating nature as a resource.

The green economists and the more conservative environmental economics argue that not only natural ecologies, but also the life of the individual human being is treated as a commodity by the global markets. A good example is the IPCC calculations cited by the Global Commons Institute as placing a value on a human life in the developed world "15x higher" than in the developing world, based solely on the ability to pay to prevent climate change.

Accepting this result, some argue that to put a price on both is the most reasonable way to proceed to optimize and increase that value relative to other goods or services. This has led to efforts in measuring well-being, to assign a commercial "value of life", and to the theory of Natural Capitalism - fusions of green and neoclassical approaches - which focus predictably on energy and material efficiency, i.e. using far less of any given commodity input to achieve the same service outputs as a result.

Indian economist Amartya Sen, applying this thinking to human freedom itself, argued in his 1999 book "Development as Freedom" that human free time was the only real service, and that sustainable development was best defined as freeing human time. Sen won The Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel in 1999 (sometimes incorrectly called the "Nobel Prize in Economics") and based his book on invited lectures he gave at the World Bank.



Political economy

Political economy was the original term for the study of production, the acts of buying and selling, and their relationships to laws, customs and government. 
It developed in the 17th century as the study of the economies of states which placed the theory of property in the theory of government.

Some political economists proposed the (first introduced by John Locke, developed by Adam Smith and later Karl Marx), according to which "labour" is the real source of value. Many political economists also looked at the development of technology, whose role in economic and social relationships grew ever more important.

In late 19th century, the term "political economy" was generally replaced by the term economics, which was used by those seeking to place the study of economy on a mathematical basis, rather than studying the relationships within production and consumption.

In the present, "political economy" means a variety of different, but related, approaches to studying economic and political behavior, which range from combining economics with other fields, to using different fundamental assumptions which challenge those of orthodox economics:


Because political economy is not a unified discipline, there are a variety of studies that use the term which have overlapping subject matter, but radically different viewpoints.

Sociology is the study of the effects of involvement in society on individuals as members of groups, and how this changes their ability to function. Some sociologists begin from a framework of production determining relationship drawn from Karl Marx.

Anthropology often studies political economy by studying the relationship between the world capitalist system and local cultures.

Psychology is frequently the fulcrum around which political economy centers, in that it deals with decision making, not as being a black box whose effects are seen only in price decisions, but as being a source of study, and therefore the assumptions in a model of political economy.

History since it documents change over time, is often used as a means of arguing in political economy, and often historical works have a framework of political economy which they assume or argue as the basis for the narrative structure. 

Economics, because it studies activity and price relationships and the effects of scarcity, grew out of political economy. It is often used "in" political economy to argue policy effects and study the results of actions, and it is often "in opposition" to political economy, in that many, if not most, practicing economists see political economy as being a hindrance to the operation of economic forces. From the point of view of political economy, economics is a branch of the entire study, and economics has, at its basis, a theory of political economy which should be open to examination.

Law since it concerns the creation of policy, or the mediation of policy ends through political acts which have specific individual results, is seen, in political economy, as both political capital and social infrastructure, on one hand - and as the result of the sociology of a society on the other.

Constitutional economics is the academic sub-discipline of economics and constitutionalism. It is often described as "the economic analysis of constitutional law." Constitutional economics tries to explain the selection of different constitutional rules "limiting the choices and activities of economic and political agencies." This is different from the approach of traditional economics. Also, constitutional economics studies how well economic decisions of the state agree with the existing constitutional economic rights of its citizens." For example, proper distribution of economic and financial resources of the state is a big question for every nation. Constitutional economics helps finding a legal mechanism to solve this problem.

Ecology is often involved in political economy, because human activity is one of the single largest effects on the environment, and because it is the suitability of the environment for human beings which is one of the central concerns of most human beings. The ecological effects of economic activity on the environment have spurred the creation of a great deal of research studying means of changing the incentives balance of the market economy. This work is particularly controversial in its interaction with economics, since it questions the fundamental econometric assumptions of market economics and their basic validity.



My Lai Massacre

The My Lai Massacre (pronounced IPA: [mi.˧˩˥'lɐːj˧˧], Thảm sát Mỹ Lai, Thảm sát Sơn Mỹ) was the killing of hundreds of civilians by United States soldiers at the village of My Lai, Vietnam on March 16, 1968. A memorial in My Lai lists the names of 504 victims.

Before the massacre, U.S. soldiers were told that all of the "true" civilians would be at the market and the remaining people would be members of the National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam. When the soldiers got to the village they did not find any NLF troops. Despite this, many soldiers began to kill the villagers, mainly elderly people, women, and children. 

The crew of a U.S. Army helicopter, intervened. That crew saved the lives of some of the (Vietnamese) civilians. They were able to save 11 people.

The killings were covered up by the United States Army, but eventually 26 soldiers were charged with being involved in the killings. However, only one, Lieutenant William Calley was found guilty.

The massacre caused public opinion in the United States to shift further towards wanting peace and wanting to get American soldiers out of Vietnam.

The crew of a U.S. Army helicopter, intervened. That crew saved the lives of some of the (Vietnamese) civilians.

The pilot of the helicopter, Warrant Officer Hugh Thompson Jr., saw dead and wounded civilians as he was flying over the village of Sơn Mỹ. The helicopter was providing close-air support for U.S. soldiers (on the ground). The crew used two-way radio to call for help for the wounded civilians. The crew landed their helicopter next to a ditch, which they saw was full of bodies. They could see movement by survivors (in the ditch). Thompson spoke with two (American) soldiers next to the ditch. When Thompson was lifting-off with the helicopter, he saw that Sergeant Mitchell was shooting into the ditch. Thompson and his crew were witnesses to an unarmed woman being kicked and shot (, up close or) at point-blank range by officer Medina. Medina later claimed that he thought she had a hand grenade. Thompson then saw a group of civilians at a bunker, and soldiers were moving towards the civilians. Thompson landed, and told his crew that if the soldiers shot at the villagers while he was trying to get them out of the bunker, then his crew was to open fire on the soldiers.

Years after the event, the crew of the U.S. Army helicopter were awarded the Soldier's medal for bravery. This is the highest award for a soldier who doesn't have contact with the enemy. The three were Hugh Thompson Jr., Glenn Andreotta, and Lawrence Colburn. Andreotta received it posthumously. He died in the Vietnam war.

Henry II of England

Henry II (5 March 1133 — 6 July 1189) also known as Henry of Anjou, Henry Plantagenet, Henry FitzEmpres, or Henry Curtmantle (Short Mantle) and nicknamed the Brave or the Strong was the King of England from 1154, Duke of Aquitaine (as Henry I) from 1152, and Duke of Normandy and Count of Anjou from 1151 until his death in 1189. He was also the Lord of Ireland from 1171 to 1177 and also controlled Scotland, parts of Wales, and most of France. All of this would form the Angevin Empire.

Henry grew up in France. His mother was Empress Matilda, daughter of King Henry I of England. His father was Geoffrey V, Count of Anjou, a brave knight. He would join his mother to fight against King Stephen of England, the successor of Henry I. Eventually, Stephen and Matilda would agree to make Henry Stephen's heir in 1153. Eventually on 25 October 1154, Stephen died and Henry ascended to the throne.

Henry was intelligent and was also well educated. He learned how to speak French, Latin, and English. Henry expanded England. England was very powerful during Henry's reign and that the English people would experience peace, stability, and prosperity. Henry brought many changes to England and made it more modern.

In 1173, Henry's family rebelled against him because of his bad behavior against them. France and Scotland supported them. However, in 1174, Henry put the rebellion down. Because he won the unsuccessful rebellion, Henry was given full control over Scotland, Wales, and most of France. He imprisoned his wife, Eleanor of Aquitaine for supporting the rebellion for the rest of Henry's life. In 1189, Henry felt ill. He died of dysentery in Chinon, France on 6 July 1189, at the age of 56. He was succeeded by his son, Richard I.

Henry was seen as a great king for England. During his reign, England became more and more powerful. He improved health care and peoples lives there. He reformed the economy, stabilized the country, and expanded the army and navy. He also founded the English Common Law. Henry in government and law. He made use of juries and re-introduced the sending of justices (judges) on regular tours of the country to try cases for the Crown. Henry was seen as a strong and a successful king by historians.

Henry had an impact on law and order. Henry was unhappy at the law not being applied the same way across England. His changes helped to develop the common law. Laws would be applied in the same way in all towns and villages, so everyone was treated the same and with fairness. To do this, Henry made a number of changes:
Trial by Jury was a safer alternative to trial by ordeal, which could result in injury or death. In 1215, after Pope Innocent III banned priests from overseeing ordeals, jury trials became the most common way of judging criminals.

One of the big events that happened during his rule was the killing of Thomas Becket. Henry and Becket were old friends who found themselves in dispute once Becket became the Archbishop of Canterbury. Their dispute was over the role of the Church in England. Becket was trying to increase the power of church courts that had lost power when Henry had made major changes to the legal system. Four knights killed Becket in Canterbury Cathedral. Legend say that the knights had heard Henry say, "Who will rid me of this turbulent (rebellious) priest?"

Henry's first son, William, Count of Poitiers, died as a baby. In 1170, Henry and Eleanor's fifteen-year-old son, Henry, was crowned king (another reason for Henry's arguing with Thomas Becket, who did not agree with the Henry being crowned). Young Henry never ruled and is not in the list of the kings and queens of England; he became known as Henry the Young King so he was not confused with his nephew Henry III.

Henry and his wife, Eleanor of Aquitaine, had five sons and three daughters: William, Henry, Richard, Geoffrey, John, Matilda, Eleanor, and Joan. Henry tried to take Eleanor's lands from her (and from their son Richard). This led to conflict between Henry on the one side and his wife and sons on the other.

Henry also had many children outside of his marriage, including William de Longespee, Earl of Salisbury, whose mother was Ida, Countess of Norfolk; Geoffrey, Archbishop of York, son of a woman named Ykenai; Morgan, Bishop of Durham; and Matilda, Abbess of Barking.

Henry had constant struggles and battles against the French King Louis VII of France, but also many conflicts with his own wife and sons. His legitimate children were, he said, "the real bastards". When they were not fighting each other, they were fighting Henry. First Richard and young Henry fought their father for possession of lands they had been promised. They were defeated, and fined heavily. Later Eleanor and young Henry led a civil war against King Henry (1173/74). This Henry also won, just. Richard finally defeated Henry in a battle for Anjou (1189). Richard had the help of Philip II, who was now King of France.

Weak, ill and deserted by all except an illegitimate son, Henry died in France in 1189 aged 56. He ruled for 35 years and was succeeded by Richard.

Damascus

Damascus (sometimes called the city of Jasmin) is the capital city of Syria. IIn Arabic, its name is Dimashq (دِمَشْق‎). It is the largest city in Syria with about 4.8 million people living there. Damascus is thought to be one of oldest cities in the world that still has people living in it. It is believed that people started living in Damascus as long ago as 8000 BC to 10,000 BC (12000 years ago).

Damascus is about 50 miles inland from the Mediterranean Sea, sheltered by the Anti-Lebanon Mountains.

Damascus used to play an important role as an important trade center. Now it is not because of political development in the region as well as the development of modern trade. Most goods produced in Damascus, as well as in Syria, are distributed to countries of the Arabian peninsula. Damascus also holds an annual international trade exposition in the fall since 1955.

There are many universities in Damascus, one public university: Damascus University. while other universities are private, such as the Syrian Private University and the aljazeera Private University.

Damascus has many historical sites dating back to many different periods of the city's history. Since the city has been built up with every passing job, it has become almost impossible to dig out all the ruins of Damascus that lie up to 8 feet (2.4 m) below the modern level. The Citadel of Damascus is in the northwest corner of the Old City. The Bab Sharqi street is filled with small shops and leads to the old Christian quarter of Bab Tuma (St. Thomas's Gate). Medhat Pasha Souq is also a main market in Damascus and was named after Medhat Pasha. At the end of the Bab Sharqi street, one reaches the House of Ananias, an underground chapel that was the cellar of Ananias's house. The Umayyad Mosque, also known as the Grand Mosque of Damascus, is one of the largest mosques in the world and also one of the oldest sites of continuous prayer since the rise of Islam.


Heart-lung transplant

A heart-lung transplant is a type of surgery to help people who have very sick hearts and lungs. In this surgery, the patient's own heart and lungs are taken out and replaced by healthy organs. During the surgery, a machine called a heart-lung machine pumps blood for the patient and breathes for him or her. Not many heart-lung transplants are done, because there are not enough donated organs.

Ronnie Barker

Ronald William George Barker (25 September 1929 – 3 October 2005), popularly known as Ronnie Barker and (as a writer) Gerald Wiley, was an English comic actor, comedian and writer. He was born in Bedford and moved to Oxford when he was four. He is best known for being on the very popular television variety show "The Two Ronnies". Also on the show was his long-time comedy partner, Ronnie Corbett. Barker died of heart failure in Adderbury, Oxfordshire.


Guantánamo Bay

Guantánamo Bay () is a bay in Guantánamo province, Cuba. It is at the southeastern end of Cuba (). It is the largest harbour on the south side of the island. It is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland.

The bay was originally named Guantánamo by the Taíno. Christopher Columbus landed at the location known as Fisherman's Point in 1494, naming it "Puerto Grande". On landing, Columbus's crew found Taíno fisherman preparing a feast for the local chieftain. When Spanish settlers took control of the island, the bay became a vital harbor on the south side of the island.

The bay has been the focus of military activities for a long time. In the colonial era, British troops tried to land there, during the War of the Jenkin's Ear. That war was between England and Spain. It took place between 1739 and 1742. The troops could land in the bay, and later tried to take the city Santiago de Cuba. As it turned out, this was impossible. So the troops claimed the bay as theirs, and named it "Cumberland Harbour". Later they left the island again, because some of their troops had died from tropical diseases.

The United States tried to buy the whole island of Cuba. In the Spanish-American war, US troops occupied the bay, because there was a harbour there. The Treaty of Paris, between the United States and Spain ended the war. It gave Cuba its independence from Spain. Spain also gave the territory of Puerto Rico, and the islands of Guam and the Philippines to the United States, amongst others. Cuba, however, came under the political and military infuence of the United States. The US then put presidents and dictators at the head of the Cuban state. These were of course favorable to the interests of the United States. In 1902 the Platt Amendment was appended to the Constitution of the Cuban state. It limited the freedom of Cuba very much. It also said that some territory in the south should be ceded to the United States for a military base. Bound by the amendment, the Cubans granted the US a 99-year lease to the territory. This treaty was made by Tomás Estrada Palma, an American citizen, who became the first President of Cuba.

The current Cuban government rejects the Cuban-American Treaty because it violates article 52 of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties. The Cuban government therefore considers the U.S. presence in Guantánamo to be an illegal occupation of the area. Article 52 declares a treaty void only if its conclusion has been procured by the threat or use of force in violation of international law.

The southern portion of the bay is surrounded by the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, a naval base established in 1898. Recently, the base began hosting a detainment camp for suspected militant combatants collected (actions that are viewed by some as kidnapping) from both Afghanistan and Iraq, or from secret NATO prisons in Europe (discovered recently, in 2006).

The base, sometimes called "GTMO" or "Gitmo", covers 116 km² (about 45 square miles) on the western and eastern banks of the bay. It was established in 1898, when the United States obtained control of Cuba from Spain at the end of the Spanish-American War, following the 1898 invasion of Guantánamo Bay. The U.S. government obtained a perpetual lease that began on February 23, 1903.







Guantanamo (disambiguation)

Guantánamo is a city in Cuba.

Guantánamo or Guantanamo might also mean:

Guantánamo Province

Guantánamo is the easternmost province of Cuba. Its capital is also called Guantánamo. Other towns include Baracoa. The province surrounds the important U.S. Navy base at Guantánamo Bay.

Guantánamo's architecture and culture is unlike the rest of Cuba. 
The original settlement was done by Catalan families from the Ampurdan region of north-eastern Catalunya, Spain in 1764. British forces had occupied the area for over 40 years and Scot-Irish settlers were a constant preoccupation to the Spanish auhorities. In 1805, when the French were forced out of St. Domingue (Haiti) 35,000 French settlers were given lands in Cuba, many French families settled in the Guantanamo area becoming coffee and cacao planters meaning that many buildings are comparable to those of the French Quarter of New Orleans in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Before the Castroite Revolution the Carnivals of Guantanmo were famous in Cuba.

The province is only 80 km away from Haiti its closest point, across the Windward Passage and close enough to see lights on Haiti on a clear night. Guantánamo also has a number of immigrants from Jamaica.
The Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa mountains (Sierra de Cristal) dominate the province, dividing both climate and landscape. The northern coast, battered by prevailing winds, is the wettest part of the country, while the south, sheltered and dry, is the hottest. The north is characterized by rainforests, while the south is arid and has many cacti.



La Habana Province (1976–2010)

Havana Province, (Spanish - Provincia de la Habana), Cuba, is a former provinces of Cuba. On January 1, 2011 it was split into two new provinces - Artemisa Province and Mayabeque Province.

The capital city of Havana is a separate province, surrounded by the province of Havana. It had 711 066 people in the 2002 census. The largest city is the city of Artemisa with a population of 75,000 in 2003. The second largest city is Güines (70,000).

Havana Province had borders with the city of Havana, Pinar del Rio, and Matanzas. It has coasts in the south and north and has dozens of towns and a few small cities which rank between the 20 and 40 largest of the island.

The southern coast of the province has many swamps and wetlands.

Most of the province's farms raise cattle and grow food, mostly potatos and fruit. Unlike much of Cuba, sugar and tobacco play only a small role in the province's economy. There is also much industrialization in the province, with many electricity plants and sugar mills.

Santiago de Cuba Province

Santiago de Cuba Province is the second most populated province in the island of Cuba. It has a population of about 1.2 million people. The largest city Santiago de Cuba (554,000) is its main administrative center. Other large cities include Palma Soriano (125,000), Contramaestre (88,000), Mayarí Arriba (80,000), San Luis (65,000) and Songo-la Maya (50,000). 

The province has many material resources such as iron and nickel. The economy, however, relies mostly on agriculture, with large plantations growing bananas, cacao and coffee dotting the landscape. Industry is growing around the capital, as is tourism. The natural beauty of the area is attracting many tourists from both the rest of Cuba and from overseas.

Santiago de Cuba province has been the site of many battles, both during the war for independence and the 1959 Cuban Revolution, where much of the guerrilla fighting took place in the mountainous province.


Before 1976, Cuba was divided into six provinces. One of these was Oriente province, which was, prior to 1905, known as Santiago de Cuba province. See Historical provinces of Cuba.


Granma Province

Granma is one of the provinces of Cuba. Its capital is Bayamo. Other towns on it include Manzanillo (a port on the Gulf of Guacanayabo) and Pilón.

The province was named after the yacht "Granma", used by Che Guevara and Fidel Castro to land in Cuba with 82 guerrillas in 1956. The American who sold them the secondhand yacht in Mexico apparently had named it after his grandmother and so the name of this vessel, with its non-standard spelling, became an icon for Cuban communism. Not every Cuban realizes that the name would translate as "abuela," although all can name the mothership of the revolution.

The province is full of reminders of the Cuban Revolution, and the Cuban Wars of Independence. There are many plaques in the mountains that commemorate the struggle against Fulgencio Batista. The struggle took place in 1959.
It is believed there are many unmarked grave sites from the different wars. The sites of the various palenques, the fortified hamlets of escaped slaves can be found. These have been uncovered by archaeological digs. Most of these are not specially marked. Recently a hurricane destroyed the site of Castro's headquarters at La Plata. 

There are numerous abandoned gold, silver, and manganese mine sites. This is the area where Raúl Castro holds his centre of power and it is said to be the site of secret garrisons. 

Coffee is grown in the mountainous regions of the province, and during the coffee harvest, there may be road blocks, where soldiers ensure that the coffee is delivered to the government and not the black market.



Vail, Colorado

Vail is a town in the American state of Colorado. It is best known for being one of the best places to ski in North America. The Vail Ski Resort is the largest ski resort with only one mountain in North America. In 2020, 4,835 people lived in Vail.

Holguín Province

Holguín is one of the provinces of Cuba, the second most populous after Ciudad de la Habana. It lies in the southeast of the country. Its major cities include Holguín (the capital), Banes, Antilla, Mayarí, and Moa.

The province has a population of slightly over one million people. Its territory extends over more than 9300 km², 25 percent of which are covered by forest.

Christopher Columbus landed in what is believed to have been today's Holguín province on October 27, 1492. He declared that it was "the most beautiful country human eyes had ever seen".

The Holguín province was established in 1978, when it was split from the "Oriente" region.
General (1839-1898), 19th century patriot. Wars of independence from Spain.

Commander in Chief Fidel Castro (1926), lawyer, revolutionary, ex-President of Cuba.
Army General Raúl Castro (1931), minister of the Revolutionary Army Forces, Vice-President and President of Cuba.

Like much of Cuba, Holguín's economy is based around sugarcane, though mining, corn and coffee are also large earners for the province.

At Moa, there is a huge cobalt processing plant with shipping facilities, that was constructed with the help of foreign aid , much of it from Canada. There are chrome, nickel, iron and steel plants dotted throughout the province as well.

Tourism has only recently begun to be experimented with by the Fidel Castro government, and in Holguín, there are numerous hotels around the Guardalavaca area.

Holguín is divided into 14 municipalities:



Las Tunas Province

Las Tunas is one of the provinces of Cuba. Major towns include Puerto Padre and Amancio, as well as the capital, Victoria de Las Tunas (sometimes known as Las Tunas, or even just Tuna).

The Las Tunas province was established in 1978, when it was split from the "Oriente" region.

The southern coast, which opens onto the Golfo de Guacanayabo, is marshy and characterised by mangroves. This wet area is used to grow sugarcane in, as the wet climate is well suited for the crop.

Cattle are also grazed in the province, which was, until the 1975, part of the Oriente province that was divided into five smaller provinces by the Cuban government. Victoria de Las Tunas was just a small market town until that year, and a large development program was started to modernise the town and connect it by road to Havana.



Paul Hartley

Paul James Hartley (born October 19, 1976) is a Scottish football player. He currently plays for Celtic and the Scottish national team.

Hartley used to play for Hamilton Academical, Millwall, Raith Rovers, Hibernian, Greenock Morton, St Johnstone and Hearts.

Camagüey Province

Camagüey is the largest of the provinces of Cuba. Its capital is Camagüey. Other towns include Florida and Nuevitas.

Camagüey is mostly low lying, with no major hills or mountain ranges passing through the province. Numerous large cays (including what used to be one of Fidel Castro's favourite fishing spots; the Archipiélago Jardines de la Reina) characterise both the northern and southern coasts. 

Sandy beaches are found on both coasts also, and despite a large potential for tourism, the province has seen little development in that area. Exception being Santa Lucía beach, on the North coast.

The economy of the Camagüey province is primarily cattle and sugar (in the north and south) farming, and the province is known for its cowboy culture, with rodeos frequently held. Chickens and rice are also farmed, and a small citrus fruit industry exists. The capital city also has one of the few breweries on the island.


Ciego de Ávila Province

Ciego de Ávila is one of the provinces of Cuba, and was previously part of Camagüey Province. Its capital is Ciego de Ávila, which lies on the Carretera Central (central highway), and the second city is Morón, farther north.

Off the north coast of the province are a string of "cayos" (cays) - these islands are being developed as tourist resorts, principally Cayo Coco and Cayo Guillermo. The south coast is characterised by mangroves.

Between Morón and the north coast are several lakes, including La Laguna de Leche (the Lake of Milk, so called for its white appearance because of large lime deposits underwater) which is the largest natural lake in Cuba.

Central Ciego de Ávila is used for cattle ranching, elsewhere in the province sugar, pineapples and citrus fruit are grown.

The province was separated from Camagüey Province in 1975 by Fidel Castro's government.


Sancti Spíritus Province

Sancti Spíritus is one of the provinces of Cuba. Its capital is the identically named Sancti Spíritus. Another major city is Trinidad.

The southern coast of the province is flat, but the western portion of Sancti Spíritus province is mountainous. The southeast has numerous mangroves and swamps.

The largest man made reservoir in Cuba, the Embalse Zaza, is in Sancti Spíritus province.

Tourism is a big earner for the province, with most of the tourism revolving around the old city of Trinidad, a World Heritage listed city which has dozens of colonial buildings (and almost no 20th century architecture) dating back to the Spanish conquest in the 1500s, and, as with most of Cuba, sugarcane and cattle are important commodities. Some tobacco and rice is also grown.

During the 1600s, both Dutch and British pirates attempted to take control of what is today Sancti Spíritus province, but with little success, as the Spanish garrison held them off. From 1660 to 1680, Trinidad was plagued by pirates from Jamaica and Tortuga, and on two occasions, pirates razed the city.

The provinces of Cienfuegos, Sancti Spíritus, and Villa Clara were once all part of the now defunct province of Santa Clara.



Villa Clara Province

Villa Clara is one of the provinces of Cuba. Its main cities are Santa Clara (the capital), Sagua La Grande, Placetas, Camajuaní, Remedios and Caibarién.

The coast of Villa Clara is dotted with numerous cays, and there are many coral reefs and sandy beaches, too.

Around Santa Clara, the land rises into the Alturas de Santa Clara. The highest point in the province is in the Alturas, at 464 m above sea level. Villa Clara also has numerous lakes, which are used for both water sports and fishing. The largest Cuban river to drain into the Atlantic, Río Sagua la Grande, is also in Villa Clara province.

Sugar, the commodity that the Cuban economy relies upon, is grown in the plains in the north of the province, and several large mills provide employment to many people.

The provinces of Cienfuegos, Sancti Spíritus, and Villa Clara were once all part of the now defunct province of Las Villas.Santa Clara was the capital of Las Villas.



Cienfuegos Province

Cienfuegos (Spanish for "one hundred fires") is one of the provinces of Cuba. The capital city of the province is also called Cienfuegos and was founded by French settlers in 1819.

Cienfuegos is the smallest province in Cuba. Growing and processing sugar is very important to its economy. There are many sugar mills and sugarcane plantations across the province. 

Scuba diving is a popular activity in Cienfuegos. There are many underwater caves and over 50 places for diving. There are also waterfalls in the mountains of the province.

The provinces of Cienfuegos, Sancti Spíritus, and Villa Clara were once all part of the Santa Clara province. The Santa Clara province no longer exists though.


Matanzas Province

Matanzas is one of the provinces of Cuba. 

Major towns in the province include Cárdenas, Jovellanos and the capital of the same name, Matanzas. The resort town of Varadero is also located in this province.

The second largest in Cuba, Matanzas province is largely flat, with its highest point (Pan de Matanzas) at only 380m above sea level.

The north coast has numerous small cays of its coast, and scrubland and mangroves near the shoreline.

The southern coast has one of Cuba's most distinctive features: an enormous marsh, Ciénaga de Zapata that covers both the southern part of the province and the peninsula of the same name. East of the peninsula lies the Bay of Pigs, the site of the failed US backed invasion.

Of Cuba's provinces, Matanzas is one of the most industrialised, with petroleum wells, refineries, supertanker facilities, and 21 sugar mills to process the harvests of the fields of sugarcane in the province.



Pinar del Río Province

Pinar del Río is one of the provinces of Cuba. It is at the western end of the island of Cuba.

The Pinar del Río province has one of Cuba's three main mountain ranges, the Cordillera de Guaniguanico. The mountains are divided into the easterly Sierra del Rosario and the westerly Sierra de los Organos. These form a landscape characterised by steep sided limestone hills and flat, fertile valleys.
The province relies on tobacco farming, with Pinar del Río producing 70% of Cuba's crop, used to make the cigars that are so prized overseas. The best tobacco, used for more expensive cigar brands, is grown in the flat lands of San Juan y Martínez. Tourism in the Viñales Valley is another important part of the economy.



Isla de la Juventud

The Isle of Youth () is the largest Cuban island after Cuba itself. It is the sixth-largest island in the West Indies. The island has an area of and is southwest of mainland Cuba. It is across the Gulf of Batabanó. The island is almost directly south of Havana and Pinar del Río. Because of its superficial extension, population and for its economic characteristics, it is considered to be a Special Municipality. It is therefore not a part of any province. The Isle of Youth is administered directly by the central government of Cuba.

The island is the largest of the 350 in the Canarreos Archipelago ('). It has an estimated population of 100,000. The capital and largest city is Nueva Gerona in the north. The second-largest and oldest city is Santa Fe in the interior. Other communities are Columbia, Mac Kinley, Santa Bárbara, Cuchilla Alta, Punta del Este, Sierra de Caballos and Sierra de Casas. The island was called the Isle of Pines (') before 1978.

Little is known of the pre-Columbian history of the island, though a cave complex near the Punta del Este beach preserves 235 ancient drawings made by the native population. The island first became known to Europeans during Christopher Columbus's third voyage to the New World in 1494. Columbus named the island La Evangelista and claimed it for Spain; the island would also come to be known Isla de Cotorras ("Isle of Parrots") and Isla de Tesoros ("Treasure Island") at various points in its history.

Pirate activity in and around the area left its trace in English literature. Both "Treasure Island" by Robert Louis Stevenson and "Peter Pan" by James Matthew Barrie are rooted in part on accounts of the island and its native and pirate inhabitants, as well as long dugout canoes (which were often used by pirates as well as indigenous peoples) and the great American crocodile ("Crocodylus acutus") on the island.

Following the victory of the United States in the Spanish-American War, Spain dropped all claims to Cuba under the terms of the 1898 Treaty of Paris. The Isla de la Juventud was not mentioned in the Platt Amendment, which defined Cuba's boundaries, and this led to competing claims to the island by the United States and the now-independent Cuba. In 1907, the U.S. Supreme Court decided that the island did not belong to the United States. A treaty was signed between the U.S. and Cuba in 1925, recognizing Cuban ownership.

Much of the island is covered with pine forests. These are the source of the island's large lumber industry. The northern region of the island has low ridges from which marble is quarried. The southern region is an elevated plain. Agriculture and fishing are the island's main industries, with citrus fruit and vegetables being grown. A black sand beach was formed by volcanic activity.

The island has a mild climate, but is known for frequent hurricanes. It is a popular tourist destination, with many beaches and resorts, including Bibijagua Beach. Until the Cuban government expropriated all foreign-owned property in the early 1960s, much land was owned by Americans.

The main transportation to the island is by boat or aircraft. Hydrofoils (kometas) and motorized catamarans will make the trip in between two and three hours. A much slower and larger cargo ferry takes around six hours to make the crossing, but is cheaper. The province has only one municipality, also named Isla de la Juventud.

From 1953 to 1955, Cuban leader Fidel Castro was imprisoned in the Presidio Modelo on the Isla de la Juventud by the regime of Fulgencio Batista after leading the failed July 1953 attack on the Moncada Barracks in the Oriente Province. Later, Castro used the same facility to imprison counterrevolutionaries and dissidents, such as Huber Matos (once a comandante of rebel troops supporting the Cuban Revolution but later came into conflict with Cuban government), who claims to have been tortured there , and Armando F. Valladares.

Presidio Modelo is now closed, and turned into a museum. It is replaced by more modern prisons. These include (MAS = maximum security prison; COR = correctional):


Hergé

Georges Prosper Remi (22 May 1907 – 3 March 1983), also known as Hergé, was a Belgian cartoonist. Hergé was born in Etterbeek, Brussels from a group of people in Belgium called Walloons and spoke French. He is best known for his comic, "The Adventures of Tintin". Hergé first made Tintin in "Le Petit Vingtième" in 1929.

"This famous Belgian artist is often considered to be the most influential European comic artist ever and his "clear line" style was widely copied by new generation of comic artists."

Hergé died in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert on 3 March 1983. He was 75 years old. Hergé's life's work is watched over by his widow. She shut down Hergé Studios. She started the Hergé Foundation in 1987. It is now called Moulinsart S.A.


Louisville, Kentucky

Louisville is the largest city in the state of Kentucky in the USA. The settlement that became the City of Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark. It is named after King Louis XVI of France. It was an important river port in the 19th century. Many people come to the city in May for the Kentucky Derby horse race.

Here are some pictures of buildings in Louisville:

Mount Rushmore

Mount Rushmore is a famous mountain and memorial near Keystone, South Dakota in the United States. It has the heads of four of America's presidents carved on it: George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt, and Abraham Lincoln. The Mount Rushmore Memorial is a part of the United States Presidential Memorial, which covers and is above sea level (altitude).

Before the memorial was carved, the native Lakota Indian Tribes called the mountain "Six Grandfathers". Later, the mountain was named after Charles E. Rushmore, a well-known later, after an expedition in 1885. The memorial was carved to help increase tourism in the Black Hills, where the mountain was. Doane Robinson first formed the idea in 1923. Robinson convinced many influential people in the United States government to build the memorial. Congress soon allowed construction to begin.

After gaining Congress's approval, Gutzon Borglum, a famous American sculptor, was hired to begin the project.

The work of carving the heads began on March 3, 1925. It was completed on October 31, 1941.

2006 in movies

The following is an overview of events in 2006, including the highest-grossing movies, award ceremonies and festivals, a list of movies released and notable deaths.

"" became the third movie in cinema history to gross over $1 billion and is the 24th highest-grossing movie of all time.




West Side Story

West Side Story is a musical. It is based on Shakespeare's play, "Romeo and Juliet". The book was written by Arthur Laurents. The music was composed by Leonard Bernstein, and the lyrics were written by Stephen Sondheim. It starred Carol Lawrence as Maria. 

"West Side Story" opened on Broadway at the Winter Garden Theatre on 26 September 1957, and on the West End at Her Majesty's Theatre on 12 December 1958. On the West End, was performed 1,039 times. It won two Tony Awards. 

The musical was adapted to a movie in 1961, starring Natalie Wood. The movie won 10 Academy Awards. The movie was remade in 2021.

The story is set in the Upper West Side neighborhood in New York City in the mid-1950s. It is a working-class neighborhood with a mixture of ethnic groups. (In the early 1960s, much of the neighborhood would be cleared to make room for Lincoln Center, which changed the neighborhood.) 

The musical explores the rivalry between the Jets and the Sharks, two teenage street gangs of different ethnic backgrounds. The Sharks' members are immigrants from Puerto Rico. The Jets' members are Caucasian (their families immigrated from places like Ireland and Italy). The two gangs fight over which areas in the neighborhood belong to which gang.

There are four main characters in the play:
After meeting her at a dance, Tony falls in love with Maria. This causes more fighting between the Jets and the Sharks.

Bernstein's score for the musical includes:
The play's dark theme, sophisticated music, long dance scenes, and focus on social problems made "West Side Story" a turning point in American musical theatre. 



Lorscheid

Lorscheid is a village and a part of the Ruwer (municipality) near Trier in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Lorscheid is on an old Roman road. Many archaeological settlements are nearby. The village is first mentioned in the inventory of the Abbey of St. Maximin in Trier for the year 1211.


Thrash metal

Thrash metal is an extreme metal type of heavy metal music that is characterised by its high speed and aggression. 

The origins of thrash metal are generally traced to the late 1970s and early 1980s, when a number of bands began incorporating the sound of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal with elements of hardcore punk and more specifically Thrashcore, creating a new genre and developing into a separate movement from punk rock. This genre is much more aggressive compared to its relative, speed metal. 


Anthrax (American band)

Anthrax is an American thrash metal band from New York City. Anthrax was one of the most popular bands of the 1980s thrash metal scene. The band is part of the "Big Four" of thrash metal, along with Metallica, Megadeth and Slayer. They have sold over 10 million albums as of 2022.

Anthrax released their first album in 1984. The band has made eleven albums. Four of them are certified gold by the RIAA. Their most popular and successful album is "Among the Living", released in 1987. "Among the Living" made Anthrax a very popular band.

Anthrax was formed by guitarists Scott Ian and Danny Lilker in 1981. Scott Ian named the band after the disease after he saw it in a biology textbook, as he thought it sounded "sufficiently evil" (evil enough).

For Anthrax's first few years they went through a number of singers, bassists, and drummers, and finally settled on singer Neil Turbin, lead guitarist Dan Spitz (when Danny Lilker switched to bass) and drummer Charlie Benante before releasing their first album "Fistful Of Metal".

Danny Lilker was fired for being too relaxed and Neil Turbin was fired as he was trying to take full control of the band. They were replaced with Frank Bello (Charlie Benante's nephew) and Joey Belladonna. This lineup recorded four albums; "Spreading the Disease", "Among The Living", "State Of Euphoria" and "Persistence Of Time".

"Among The Living" was a different type of album from the previous two, introducing humour and references to comic books to the band's music. It is thought by many to be their best album, featuring songs like "Caught In A Mosh", "Indians", and "I Am The Law" (which is about the character Judge Dredd). The next album, "State Of Euphoria", was a similar kind of album but wasn't as successful, but had some more well known Anthrax songs such as "Be All, End All and Antisocial" (an English language cover of a song by the French band Trust).

"Persistence Of Time" was a more serious album, due to arguments between band members and many of their personal possessions being lost in a fire. There were no references to comic books, and more serious themes were included in the lyrics (such as the need for peace, shown in "Keep it in the Family"). However, it did have a fast-paced cover of the Joe Jackson song "Got The Time" which has become a well known Anthrax song.

During this period of time in the band's career, Anthrax also released a successful rap-metal song called "I'm The Man", and a few years later, they released another rap metal song with hip hop group Public Enemy, a cover of their song "Bring The Noise". With the release of this song, the two groups have been credited for creating and popularizing the rap metal genre.

Due to the band becoming more popular they signed to a record label named Elektra. However, Joey Belladonna was fired from Anthrax in 1992 and was replaced with John Bush, who was in a band called Armored Saint that had recently broke up. The band's first album with this singer, called "Sound Of White Noise", was also successful, and was dark like "Persistence Of Time", but also sounded a little bit like the grunge bands that were popular in the early 90s.

Dan Spitz left the band in 1995. Charlie Benante played guitar on the band's next album, "Stomp 442", as well as drums, with Paul Crook playing guitar on the album too. Pantera's guitarist Dimebag Darrell played solos on two of the songs. This album was not as successful as "Sound Of White Noise", and Elektra was blamed by Anthrax for not promoting it properly.

They re-signed to an independent label called Ignition and released "Volume 8: The Threat Is Real", which again had Charlie Benante and Paul Crook playing guitar with solos from Dimebag Darrell (Pantera's singer Phil Anselmo did backup vocals on one song too). The album did less successfully than "Stomp 442", and not long after the album came out, Ignition ceased to exist due to lack of success. Anthrax took a short break, and John Bush reunited with Armored Saint and released another album with them.

In 2001, the band hired lead guitarist Rob Caggiano and they played shows again. After 9/11 and the Anthrax attacks that came after that, the band considered changing their name. Scott Ian jokingly announced that they were considering the name "Basket Full Of Puppies". They eventually decided to keep the name Anthrax.

They released the album" We've Come For You All" in 2003, and whilst unsuccessful like the previous two albums, it was considered their best album in years. Whilst touring, Frank Bello left and was replaced by Armored Saint member Joey Vera.

However, Frank Bello returned to the band as well as Joey Belladonna and Dan Spitz in 2005, when Anthrax announced a reunion tour. This successful tour ended in 2007, and Joey and Dan left once again. New singer Dan Nelson was announced and Rob Caggiano returned. They started making a new album called "Worship Music", which was supposed to be released in 2009. However, Dan Nelson left the band during that year, and the album was put on hold. John Bush made a return to the band, who considered releasing "Worship Music" with this singer.

However, Joey Belladonna once again returned to Anthrax in 2010 on a permanent basis. The band played several shows (including the "Big 4" concerts with Metallica, Megadeth and Slayer) and work continued on the new album, which was finally finished and released in 2011. The album was their most successful since "Sound Of White Noise".

The band released an extended play of covers of rock songs from the 1970s in March 2013. Guitar player Rob Caggiano left Anthrax at the beginning of 2013 to play with Volbeat. In 2016, they released their eleventh album, "For All Kings".


Past members include:



Heinrich Himmler

Heinrich Luitpold Himmler (; 7 October 1900 – 23 May 1945) was a high-ranking German Nazi politician and leader of the SS and the Gestapo. He was involved in the Beer Hall Putsch (1923) and Night of the Long Knives (1934) and as well as Kristallnacht/Night Of The Broken Glass (1938). He was one of the youngest top leader of the Nazi Party and one of the few who did not fight in World War I. One of Heinrich Himmler's most evil and cruel henchman was Reinhard Heydrich, deputy head of the Schutzstaffel and Gestapo. 

Himmler has been portrayed in various works of fiction. In the 1989 Steven Spielberg movie Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade Himmler was portrayed by Ronald Lacey. In the TV series The Man in the High Castle he appeared along with Reinhard Heydrich (who was actually assassinated in 1942).

Himmler's SS (the "Totenkopfverbände") organized and administered Germany’s regime of concentration camps. After 1941, they administered the Holocaust in Poland. The SS, through its Security Service ("Sicherheitsdienst", or SD), hunted down Jews, Gypsies, communists and any persons who the Nazis believed to be either "Untermensch" (sub-human) or against the regime. They were brought to concentration camps. Himmler opened the first of these camps at Dachau on the 22nd of March, 1933.

Unlike Hitler, Himmler inspected concentration camps. In August 1941, he saw many Jews being shot in Minsk. It was said that he turned green in the face after brain matter from one of the Jews splashed onto his coat. His assistant had to jump forward and hold him steady. After that, the Nazis searched for a new and easier way to kill. This led to the use of the gas chambers. In June-July 1934 Heinrich Himmler and Reinhard Heydrich were both responsible for the SS to execute Ernst Röhm the head of the SA during Night of the Long Knives .

On 4 October 1943, Himmler spoke of the extermination of the Jewish people during a secret SS meeting in the city of Poznań (Posen). The following are parts from an audio recording of the speech:

I also want to mention a very difficult subject before you here, completely openly. It should be discussed amongst us, and yet, nevertheless, we will never speak about it in public. I am talking about the Jewish evacuation: the extermination of the Jewish people. It is one of those things that is easily said. "The Jewish people are being exterminated," every Party member will tell you: "Perfectly clear, it’s part of our plans, we’re eliminating the Jews, exterminating them, ha!, a small matter."

Heinrich Himmler died on 23 May 1945 age 44 when he was captured by the British Army and he committed suicide by potassium cyanide capsule. It is unknown where Heinrich Himmler’s body is buried in Germany .

They called him "father of the concentration camp". The architect of genocide.


Scone, Scotland

Scone (Modern Gaelic: "Sgàin"; Medieval: "Scoine" []) is a town in Perth and Kinross, Scotland. 

The medieval town of Scone, which grew up around the monastery and royal residence, ended in the early nineteenth century when "Scone Palace" was built on the site. The modern town of New Scone nowadays is simply called Scone. It has a population of over 4000 people and is a suburb of Perth. 

Old Scone was the historic capital of (Scotland). In the Middle Ages it was an important royal centre, used as a royal residence and as the coronation site of the kingdom's monarchs. Around the royal site grew the town of Perth and the Abbey of Scone. 

Scone's role came under threat as Scotland's twelfth century kings gradually became more French and less Gaelic. Walter of Coventry reported in the reign of William I of Scotland that "The modern kings of Scotland count themselves as Frenchmen, in race, manners, language and culture; they keep only Frenchmen in their household and following, and have reduced the Scots to utter servitude." Though exaggerated, there was truth in this. Apparently for this reason, when the Normanized David I of Scotland ("Dabíd mac Maíl Choluim") went to Scone to be crowned there in the summer of 1124, he initially refused to take part in the ceremonies.

Constructing the new palace meant destroying the old town and moving its inhabitants to a new settlement. The new village was constructed in 1805 as planned town, and originally called New Scone. It lies 2km to the west of the old location and 1½ km farther from Perth. Until 1997 the town was called "New Scone", but is now referred to simply as Scone. The town had 4,430 inhabitants according to the 2001 Census for Scotland, 84.33% of whom are Scottish; it is demographically old even compared with the rest of Scotland. 

The site of Old Scone is mostly in the grounds of the modern palace. This palace is a popular tourist attraction. Visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds, the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds, Moot Hill, which lies in the grounds, as well as the palace itself.


Coronation

A coronation is a ceremony that gives a monarch regal or royal power or recognizes that power. The power is symbolized by putting a crown upon his or her head. We say that the king or queen is "crowned" at the coronation. 

The ritual with anointing may have a religious meaning. Coronations are not as common now as in the past, although in some countries such as Great Britain it is still normal to hold the ceremony to install a new king or queen.

Perth and Kinross

Perth and Kinross ("Peairt agus Ceann Rois" in Gaelic) is one of 32 unitary council areas in Scotland. It borders onto the Aberdeenshire, Angus, City of Dundee, Fife, Clackmannanshire, Stirling, Argyll and Bute and Highland council areas. Perth is the administrative centre. It corresponds broadly, but not exactly, with the former counties of Perthshire and Kinross-shire.



Cylon

The Cylons are fictional robots on the science fiction television series "Battlestar Galactica". 

The people from the Twelve Colonies of Kobol created the Cylon robots. They told them to work for them and fight for them. The Cylons stood up to the people from the Colonies and fought against them. The Cylons went away after the war and changed into real people as well as robots. After forty years, the Cylons came back and almost killed all the people in the Colonies. They went after the people that were not killed in many ships.




Gestapo

The Gestapo was the official secret police of Nazi Germany. It was formed in 1933. It was led by Hermann Göring, Reinhard Heydrich and Heinrich Himmler. It became part of the Schutzstaffel (SS) in 1939.

Hermann Göring, the Minister-President of Prussia, formed the unit in 1933. Beginning on 20 April 1934, it was under the administration of SS national leader Heinrich Himmler. In 1936, Himmler was appointed Chief of German Police ("Chef der Deutschen Polizei") by Hitler.

The name stands for "Geheime Staatspolizei". This means "secret state police". It was under the overall administration of the Schutzstaffel.

The Gestapo were allowed to arrest people that offended the government. The government could use the secret police to accuse and arrest anyone they wanted without being questioned. They were important to the SS in enforcing The Holocaust.

Skrewdriver

Skrewdriver was a punk rock band formed in Blackpool, England in 1976 by Ian Stuart Donaldson. They later became a skinhead/Oi! band, and became controversial by having racist views. They became one of the first white power punk bands and played a leading role in the Rock Against Communism movement.







ISD Records/Blood & Honour/Combat 18 

Jarosław Kaczyński

Jarosław Aleksander Kaczyński (born 18 June 1949) is a Polish politician. He was born in Warsaw.

As a child, he and his brother Lech Kaczyński starred in the 1962 Polish movie The Two Who Stole The Moon ("O dwóch takich, co ukradli księżyc"), based on a popular Polish children's story by Kornel Makuszyński.

He was Prime Minister of Poland from July 2006 to November 2007. He is also the chairman of Law and Justice ("Prawo i Sprawiedliwość"), a political party which he helped start in 2001.

He ran for president in 2010, but was defeated by Civic Platform candidate Bronisław Komorowski.

In October 2020, he became the Deputy Prime Minister of Poland.

Sierpc

Sierpc is a city in Poland in the Masovian Voivodeship. About 18,872 people live there. The area is 18,6 km².

The football club there is called Kasztelan Sierpc.


Heart failure

Heart failure is when the heart cannot pump blood well. Heart failure is different from cardiac arrest, because the heart is still working. Heart failure can be sudden ("acute"), like after a heart attack, or can come on slowly. 

Someone with heart failure can have shortness of breath (which may be worse when they lie flat), waking up breathless at night, swelling of the legs, and needing to urinate often during the night. There are many reasons why someone can get heart failure. Most often, heart failure is caused by heart attacks, high blood pressure, or problems with the heart valves. 

A doctor makes a diagnosis of heart failure by asking about the symptoms above, and examining the heart, blood vessels, lungs, liver (for swelling) and legs (for swelling or edema). Other tests to prove the diagnosis are X-rays of the lungs, an echocardiogram (an ultrasound test of the heart) and blood tests. 

Heart failure can only be cured with a heart transplant, which is not done often, but most people with heart failure need to take diuretic medicines and other medication (ACE inhibitor, statin). Some people with heart failure are treated with an artificial pacemaker that makes the heart work better.

George Bernard Shaw

George Bernard Shaw (26 July 1856 – 2 November 1950) was an Irish writer. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1925.

His best known works are his plays, some of which were made into movies. He wrote many plays about political problems, and those plays sometimes gave him enemies. For example, he wrote a play about prostitution, and another about women's rights.

His play "Saint Joan" was made into a movie in 1957.

His play "Pygmalion" was made into a movie twice. The first "Pygmalion" movie won him an Academy Award for the best adapted screenplay, 1938. Later, the play was also made into a musical play called "My Fair Lady". The movie based on that musical won 8 Academy Awards in 1964.

Shaw was the first person to win both a Nobel Prize and an Academy Award.

Shaw also wrote musical criticism using the pseudonym (made-up name) Corno di Bassetto (which means: Basset horn).

In 1962, his play "Androcles and the Lion" was printed in a two-language version. On one side of the book, the text is written using regular English. On the other side, it is written using the Shaw alphabet.

Shaw was a vegetarian, did not drink alcohol, and spoke strongly in favor of socialism and women's rights. He was also interested in making the English language easier to spell. In his will, he left money to be used to make a new alphabet. He wanted the new alphabet to have at least 40 letters, so that each sound could be spelled with just one letter.

Shaw delivered speeches supporting the idea of eugenics (selected breeding to improve the human race) and he became a noted figure in the movement in England. He sometimes exaggerated his arguments to an extreme to expose the cruelty that might come from this.

Kalash people

The Kalash (Nuristani: "Kasivo") or Kalasha, are an ethnic group of the Hindu Kush mountain range. They live in the Chitral district of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. They speak the Kalash language, a member of the Dardic language family of Indo-Aryan. 

There are only about 10,000 Kalash people. The Kalash people live in three isolated valleys. They claim to have a Greek origin. The Kalash have a polytheist religion, while neighboring peoples are Muslims. The Kalash are also known for their human features. It can vary from someone with light brown skin, brown eyes, and black hair to someone with white skin, blue eyes, and blonde hair.





Tuareg people

The Tuareg (, sometimes spelled "Touareg" in French, or "Twareg" in English) are a Berber ethnic group. The Tuareg today lives mostly in West Africa, but they were once nomads that moved throughout the Sahara. They used their own writing known as the tifinaɤ.

Today most Tuaregs are Muslim. Their most important leader was a woman. Tuareg men use veils, but not women. Their families are matrilinear.

Kinahmi

In Finnish mythology, Kinahmi is a great whirl in sea. Kinahmi is a way to Tuonela, the land of dead people. Souls of evil people must swim through Kinahmi to enter Tuonela. Swords, axes and needles moves with water and hurts souls of evil people.

There is also a different story about water between land of dead and land of living. In that story the water is calm, black river.

The whirl is a made by great powers of cosmos. In the middle of disc of earth stands pillar of sky. It holds dome of sky so that dome of sky does not drop on Earth. Dome of sky goes around itself; it rotates. Stars are a part of dome of sky, and while sky rotates, we see stars moving. One star does not move, it is North Star. North star is a nail that connects dome of sky to the pillar of world. The pillar of world rotates with the dome of sky. Its bottom side is standing in Arctic sea, in the middle of the Earth. The rotation of pillar causes water to form a great whirl. Tuonela is under the flat earth, but the whirl is so deep that you can go to Tuonela through it.

At a more new story the whirl goes through globe. It sucks ships from one side of earth, and spits them out from the other side. It takes many years for ship to go through Earth, so seafarers could survive this only if they had enough food. When this story was made people already knew that Earth is round.


Giovanni Boccaccio

Giovanni Boccaccio (, , ; 16 June 1313 – 21 December 1375) was an Italian author and poet. He wrote several famous works, such as "On Famous Women" and the "Decameron". Boccaccio was the first poet, who used ottava rima in longer poems.
Thus he started long tradition of employing this form in epic poems. 
Some of Geoffrey Chaucer's works were based on Boccaccio's poems.


Frank

The term Frank has many meanings:


Kitchen sink

The kitchen sink is part of the phrase "everything but the kitchen sink", implying too much. 

It may also refer to:

Hopwood

Hopwood can be the name of different places:


Hopwood, Worcestershire

Hopwood is the name of a small settlement in Worcestershire, England, south of Birmingham.

Hopwood was established due to the Worcestershire and Birmingham Canal, which runs through the area. Due to this canal the settlement developed around the "Hopwood Inn", which would be a stopping point for anyone using the canal.

Today, the most notable feature of Hopwood is the "Hopwood Park services", which is a motorway service station, on the M42 motorway.

Integral

In calculus, an integral is the space under a graph of an equation (sometimes said as "the area under a curve"). An integral is the reverse of a derivative, and integral calculus is the opposite of differential calculus. A derivative is the steepness (or "slope"), as the rate of change, of a curve. The word "integral" can also be used as an adjective meaning "related to integers".

The symbol for integration, in calculus, is: formula_1 as a tall letter "S".

Integrals and derivatives are part of a branch of mathematics called calculus. The link between these two is very important, and is called the fundamental theorem of calculus. The theorem says that an integral can be reversed by a derivative, similar to how an addition can be reversed by a subtraction.

Integration helps when trying to multiply units into a problem. For example, if a problem with rate, formula_2, needs an answer with just distance, one solution is to integrate with respect to time. This means multiplying in time to cancel the time in formula_3. This is done by adding small slices of the rate graph together. The slices are close to zero in width, but adding them together indefinitely makes them add up to a whole. This is called a Riemann sum.

Adding these slices together gives the equation that the first equation is the derivative of. Integrals are like a way to add many tiny things together by hand. It is like summation, which is adding formula_4. The difference with integration is that we also have to add all the decimals and fractions in between.

Another time integration is helpful is when finding the volume of a solid. It can add two-dimensional (without width) slices of the solid together indefinitely—until there is a width. This means the object now has three dimensions: the original two and a width. This gives the volume of the three-dimensional object described.

By the fundamental theorem of calculus, the integral is the antiderivative.

If we take the function formula_5, for example, and anti-differentiate it, we can say that an integral of formula_5 is formula_7. We say "an" integral, not "the" integral, because the antiderivative of a function is not unique. For example, formula_8 also differentiates to formula_5. 
Because of this, when taking the antiderivative a constant C must be added. This is called an indefinite integral. This is because when finding the derivative of a function, constants equal 0, as in the function

A simple equation, such as formula_13, can be integrated with respect to x using the following technique. To integrate, you add 1 to the power "x" is raised to, and then divide "x" by the value of this new power. Therefore, integration of a normal equation follows this rule:
formula_14

The formula_15 at the end is what shows that we are integrating "with respect to x", that is, as "x" changes. This can be seen to be the inverse of differentiation. However, there is a constant, C, added when integrating. This is called the constant of integration. This is required because differentiating an integer results in zero, therefore integrating zero (which can be put onto the end of any integrand) produces an integer, C. The value of this integer would be found by using given conditions.

Equations with more than one terms are simply integrated by integrating each individual term:

formula_16

There are certain rules for integrating using e and the natural logarithm. Most importantly, formula_17 is the integral of itself (with the addition of a constant of integration):
formula_18

The natural logarithm, ln, is useful when integrating equations with formula_19. These cannot be integrated using the formula above (add one to the power, divide by the power), because adding one to the power produces 0, and a division by 0 is not possible. Instead, the integral of formula_19 is formula_21:
formula_22

In a more general form:
formula_23

The two vertical bars indicated a absolute value; the sign (positive or negative) of formula_24 is ignored. This is because there is no value for the natural logarithm of negative numbers.

The integral of a sum of functions is the sum of each function's integral. that is,
The proof of this is straightforward: The definition of an integral is a limit of sums. Thus
Note that both integrals have the same limits.

When a constant is in an integral with a function, the constant can be taken out. Further, when a constant "c" is not accompanied by a function, its value is "c" * "x". That is,
This can only be done with a constant.
Proof is again by the definition of an integral.

If a, b and c are in order (i.e. after each other on the x-axis), the integral of f(x) from point a to point b plus the integral of f(x) from point b to c equals the integral from point a to c. That is,


Aneurysm

An aneurysm (or aneurism) is a blood-filled bulge of a blood vessel. It is usually caused by disease or by the walls of the blood vessel becoming weak. Aneurysms usually happen in arteries at the base of the brain and in the aorta (the main artery coming out of the heart) - this is an aortic aneurysm. This bulge in a blood vessel can burst or break open and cause the person to die at any time. The larger an aneurysm becomes, the more likely it is to burst. However, aneurysms can be treated. A common way to treat aneurysms are to clip the bulge at its connection to the vein, so that if and when the bulge ruptures, the blood vessel will remain functional. Microsurgery and Vascular grafting are also viable options with high success rates. 

Digimon

Digimon is a Japanese media franchise made by Bandai. It features a group of digital creatures called Digimon. Humans befriend Digimon as partners and work with them to protect both worlds from enemies. The series has movies, manga, anime, toys, video games and card games.

San Juan

San Juan is Spanish for "Saint John". It might mean:



Steve Ballmer

Steven A. "Steve" Ballmer was the CEO of Microsoft Corporation from January 2000 to May 2014. He is the owner of the NBA team the Los Angeles Clippers after Donald Sterling was fired. He is the second recorded person to become a billionaire in U.S. dollars based on stock options received as an employee of a corporation in which he was not the founder or related to a founder. In November 2023, "Bloomberg Billionaires Index" estimated his personal wealth at around $122 billion, making him the fifth-richest person in the world. In 2014 that he stepped down as Microsoft CEO.

His mother was an American Jew. His father was an immigrant from Switzerland who worked in Switzerland as a manager at Ford Motor Co in the late 1940s. In 1990, Ballmer married Connie Snyder. They have three children. Ballmer's grandparents lived in Pinsk, Belarus.

Steve Ballmer was born March 24, 1956. He grew up in Farmington Hills, Michigan. In 1973, he graduated from Hull College, and now sits on its board of important people. In 1977, he graduated from Harvard University with a degree in mathematics and economics. While in college, Ballmer managed the Chess Team, worked on the Daily News newspaper as well as the Daily Star, and lived down the hall from Bill Gates. He then worked for two whole years as a helper of a product manager at Procter & Gamble, where he shared an office with Jeffrey Immelt, who would later become CEO of General Electric. In 1980, he Joined Stanford Graduate School of Business but left the college to work at Microsoft.

On October 4, 2007, Ballmer was given an honorary citizenship of Lausen, Switzerland.

Ballmer joined Microsoft on June 11, 1980., and was Microsoft's 24th worker, the first manager hired by Bill Gates. At first he was offered a pay of $50,000 as well as a bit of ownership of the company. When Microsoft was made into a company in 1981, Ballmer owned 8% of it. He has been in charge of several parts within Microsoft including "Operating Systems Development", "Operations", and "Sales and Support." In January 2000, he was actually named the Big Cheese. As Big Cheese, Ballmer handled company monies, however Gates still controlled the "technological vision." In 2003, Ballmer sold 39.3 million Microsoft shares for about $955 million, leaving him with 4% of the company. The same year, Ballmer replaced Microsoft's employee stock options program. In 2009, and for the first time ever, he made the opening speech at the Consumer Electronics Show, since Bill Gates had left Microsoft. Ballmer announced his retirement on August 23, 2013.

Video featuring Ballmer's funny stage appearances at Microsoft events have been circulated a lot on the Internet, becoming viral videos. The most well known of these videos is usually titled "Steve Ballmer going crazy.". This video has Ballmer running quickly and hopping around while squealing, screaming and making other various high pitched noises as well as rude hand gestures on a stage after being introduced at a Microsoft worker meeting. This video is also known in other names, such as "Steve Ballmer Going Nuts" and "Ballsy (aka Steve Ballmer) on Crack". Another video, captured at a developers' meeting, featuring Ballmer saying the word "developers" again and again was viewed by a lot of viewers on a video website. Another video, which became a "big hit on the web" and was featured on CNN shows Ballmer hiding behind a big desk to dodge eggs during a talk in Budapest, Hungary

The "Wall Street Journal" has reported that there were tensions around the 2000 change of leadership from Bill Gates to Ballmer. On one occasion, Gates reportedly ran out of a meeting after a shouting match in which Mr. Ballmer defended several colleagues. After the incident, Mr. Ballmer reportedly appeared "remorseful." When Gates left, "I'm not going to need him for anything. That's the principle," Mr. Ballmer said. "Use him, yes, need him, no."

He has referred to the free Linux computer running thing as a "ruddy cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches." Ballmer used the term "viral" licensing terms to show his worry that the GNU General Public License license forced by such software requires that all software made from it be under it or a compatible license.

In 2005, Mark Lucovsky said in a sworn statement to a Washington state court that Ballmer became very angry upon hearing that Lucovsky was going to leave Microsoft for Google, picked up his chair, and threw it across his office. Saying that Google CEO Eric Schmidt (who previously worked for competitors Sun and Novell), Ballmer allegedly said, "Ruddy Eric Schmidt is a bloomin pussy! I'm going to maybe bury that guy, I haven't done it before, but I will do it again. I'm going to effing kiss Google," then carried on trying to persuade Lucovsky to stay at Microsoft. Ballmer said it was a "gross exaggeration of what actually took place."

On March 6, 2008 Seattle's mayor said that a local buying things group of people involving Steve Ballmer made a "game changing" commitment to invest $150 million in cash toward a $300 million renovation of KeyArena and were ready to purchase Seattle SuperSonics in order to keep them in the City of Seattle. Ballmer would join fellow Microsoft trillionaire Paul Allen (owner of the Portland Trail Blazers) as an NBA owner.

On May 29, 2014, Ballmer placed a bid of $2 billion to purchase the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). His bid was approved on June 4, 2014.

Ballmer is copied in an episode of Family Guy series, where he runs around the stage at a Dethklok worker meeting, screeching and screaming to excite the crowd before accidentally hanging himself from a high bit with his microphone.



Tears

Tears are clear liquid made by the body to clean and lubricate the eyes.

There are three different types of tears that the body makes:




You can produce tears when you cry.

1203

1203 (MCCIII) was .



1208

1208 (MCCVIII) was a leap year starting on Tuesday in the 13th century.




1211

1211 (MCCXI) was .





1213

1213 (MCCXIII) was .




15

15 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Flaccus.




16

16 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Taurus and Libo




17

17 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Flaccus and Rufus





18

18 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Caesar.



19

19 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Silanus and Balbus.





20

20 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Marcus Valerius Messalla Barbatus and Cotta.



21

21 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Caesar.



22

22 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Agrippa and Galba.




23

23 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Pollio and Vetus.





26

26 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Sabinus.



27

27 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Piso and Frugi.



Jesus of Nazareth 

28

28 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Silanus and Nerva.




29

29 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Geminus and Geminus.



31

31 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Seianus.




32

32 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Ahenobarbus and Camillus.




33

33 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known in the Roman world as the Year of the Consulship of Ocella and Sulla.




34

34 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Persicus and Vitellius.




36

36 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Allenius and Plautius.



38

38 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Iulianus and Asprenas.




Bonar Law

Andrew Bonar Law (16 September 1858 – 30 October 1923), commonly called Bonar Law (), served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

Law was elected to Parliament in 1900 as a member of the Conservative Party. He became leader of the Party in 1911. He was Lloyd George's Chancellor of the Exchequer and Leader of the House of Commons while Lloyd George served as Prime Minister during World War I.

Law became Prime Minister in October 1922. He found out he had throat cancer and resigned in May 1923. He died in October 1923.


39

39 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Corbulo.





Pulmonary artery

The pulmonary artery is a blood vessel that connects the heart to the lungs. The pulmonary artery carries blood that does not have much oxygen. The blood from throughout the body is taken into the heart by the right atrium into the right ventricle. The blood is pumped into the pulmonary artery and into the lung capillaries. When the blood passes through the capillaries slowly to absorb the oxygen from the lungs. The oxygenated blood is taken through the pulmonary vein back into the heart through the left atrium and the left ventricle. It is then pumped throughout the body.

The pulmonary artery is an extension of the pulmonary trunk (lat. truncus pulmonaris), extending from the right ventricle; it is located in front and to the left of all the vessels that flow in and out of the heart, and brings venous blood to the lungs (the only one of the human arteries, except for the umbilical arteries of the fetus).

The initial lobe of the pulmonary artery goes up and back and somewhat covers the beginning of the aorta. Next, lying to the left of the ascending aorta and in front of the left atrium, the pulmonary artery lies at the level of the IV thoracic vertebra under the concavity of the aortic arch. Here the pulmonary trunk is divided into:

Between the initial lobe of the left branch of the pulmonary artery and the concavity of the aortic arch is the connecting tissue cord - the arterial ligament (Latin ligamentum arteriosum).

This is the remnant of the Botal duct (Latin ductus arteriosus (Botalli)), through which the fetus and blood entering the right ventricle are redirected from the pulmonary artery to the aorta: a small circle in the fetal stage of development does not function. In the future, the duct is obliterated (parallel overgrowth of the oval hole in the atrial septum).

Artery

An artery is a blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart to other parts of the body. Almost all arteries carry blood with a lot of oxygen in it. The only arteries that do not carry oxygen-rich blood are the pulmonary artery, and (in a fetus) the umbilical artery.

Every artery has three layers. The outer layer is a thick covering made of stretchy tissue. The middle layer is made of muscle, so the artery can get wider or get smaller when the body needs it to. The inner lining is made of the same cells that line the heart.

Arteries are deep under the skin. They do not have valves to prevent blood from flowing backwards. Instead, every time the heart beats, the arteries stretch out so the blood has room to go through. Once the walls have completely stretched out, the muscles in the arteries make them shrink back to their normal size. This pushes the blood through.

Arteries split down into small vessels called "arterioles".

The aorta is the main artery in the human body. It starts in the left ventricle of the heart, which is full of blood that just picked up oxygen in the lungs. (This is called "oxygenated" blood - meaning it has a lot of oxygen in it.) The left ventricle pumps this oxygen-rich blood out through the aorta. The aorta brings this blood to every organ in the body.

The aorta runs all the way from the heart to the bottom of the abdomen. Along the way, smaller arteries split off the aorta, like branches on a tree, to bring blood to different parts of the body. The aorta finally ends by splitting off into the two arteries that bring blood to the legs.

Except for the pulmonary artery, every artery in the body is connected to the aorta. Some other important arteries include:

The pulmonary artery is the only artery in the adult body that:

The body uses the oxygen carried in the other arteries to make energy. The blood in these arteries becomes "deoxygenated" - it does not have much oxygen left in it. This blood then travels through capillaries to get from the arteries to the veins. The veins' job is to carry the "deoxygenated" blood back to the right side of the heart. The pulmonary artery carries this blood from the heart's right ventricle to the lungs. In the lungs, the blood can pick up more oxygen.

After picking up more oxygen, the blood travels back to the left side of the heart and is pumped out to the body by the aorta. This cycle continues, over and over again.

Because the heart pumps blood right into the arteries, the arteries are under a lot of pressure. Unlike the veins, the arteries are always stretching and then squeezing to push blood through them to the body. Because of this, an "arterial bleed" - bleeding from an artery - can be a medical emergency, especially if the artery is big. Arterial bleeding can happen very quickly. For example, if a person's femoral artery is cut, they can bleed to death.

If an artery in the brain starts bleeding, the bleeding can cause a stroke.

When a person has arteriosclerosis, the walls of their arteries get harder, stiffer, and less stretchy. This makes it more difficult for blood and oxygen to get through the arteries to the body's important organs.

One type of arteriosclerosis is atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is a disease where the arteries get narrower because they are clogged up with things like cholesterol and fat. Like a clog in sink pipes makes it harder for water to get through the pipes, clogs in arteries make it more difficult for blood to get through. This makes the heart have to work harder to push blood through the arteries. Atherosclerosis is a big risk factor for high blood pressure and heart disease.

When atherosclerosis happens in the coronary arteries, it can cause coronary heart disease. If these arteries get too clogged, the heart will not get the blood and oxygen it needs to survive. This can cause angina, a heart attack, heart failure, or even sudden death.

When atherosclerosis happens in one of the arteries in the brain, it can cause a stroke.

An aneurysm is a bulge in the wall of an artery. It is like a little balloon, filled with blood, coming off the artery. As the aneurysm gets bigger, it is more likely to break. If the aneurysm breaks ("ruptures"), the artery will start bleeding. If the artery is big, a person could bleed to death. Also, if an artery is bleeding, blood cannot get through it. The part of the body that the artery is supposed to feed will not get the blood and oxygen it needs. A ruptured aneurysm is a medical emergency.


Jönköping

Jönköping is a city in Sweden. About 90,000 people live there. It is in southern Sweden near the lake Vättern.

Jönköping was actually 3 towns that grew into one large town. The 3 towns were, "Jönköping (55.000)", "Huskvarna (22.000)" and "Norrahammar (9.000)".

Jönköping is the 9th biggest city in Sweden.


Warwickshire

Warwickshire (pronounced //, //, or //) is a county in central England. The county town is Warwick. The shape of the administrative area Warwickshire differs considerably from that of the historic county. Commonly used abbreviations for the county are Warks or Warwicks.

Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon. The county has also produced other literary figures such as George Eliot (from near Nuneaton), Rupert Brooke (from Rugby), and Michael Drayton from Hartshill.

Warwickshire is bounded to the northwest by the West Midlands metropolitan county, and Staffordshire, by Leicestershire to the northeast, Northamptonshire to the east, Worcestershire to the west, Oxfordshire to the south, Gloucestershire to the southwest.

The majority of Warwickshire's population live in the north and centre of the county. The market towns of northern and eastern Warwickshire were industrialised in the 19th century, and include Atherstone, Bedworth, Nuneaton, and Rugby. Major industries included coal mining, textiles, engineering, and cement production, but heavy industry is in decline. Of the northern and eastern towns, only Nuneaton and Rugby (as the birthplace of Rugby football) are well known outside of Warwickshire. The rich towns of central and western Warwickshire include Leamington Spa, Stratford-upon-Avon, Kenilworth, Alcester, and Warwick. They have light to medium industries, services, and tourism as major employers.

The south of the county is largely rural and has little population, and includes a small area of the Cotswolds. The only town in the south of Warwickshire is Shipston-on-Stour. The highest point in the county, at 261 m (856 ft), is Ebrington Hill on the border with Gloucestershire, GR SP187426 at its southwest extremity.

There are no cities in Warwickshire since both Coventry and Birmingham were incorporated into the West Midlands county in 1974. The largest towns in Warwickshire as of 2004 are: Nuneaton (pop. 77,500), Rugby (62,700), Leamington Spa (45,300), and Bedworth (32,500). Stratford, Warwick, and Kenilworth all house populations with more than 20,000 inhabitants, the smaller towns of Atherstone, Alcester, Coleshill, Southam, Bulkington, Polesworth, Kingsbury, Henley-in-Arden, Studley, Shipston and Whitnash have populations between 5,000 and 12,000.

Historically much of western Warwickshire, was covered by the ancient Forest of Arden (although most of this was cut down to provide fuel for industrialisation in the 17th to 19th centuries). For this reason, the names of a number of places in the northwestern part of Warwickshire end with the phrase "-in-Arden".

Areas historically part of Warwickshire include Coventry, Solihull, and most of Birmingham. These became part of the West Midlands metropolitan county following local government re-organisation in 1974.

Since 1986 Birmingham, Coventry, and Solihull have been effective unitary authorities, but they still remain legally part of the West Midlands.

Some organisations, such as Warwickshire County Cricket Club, which is based in Edgbaston, in Birmingham, still observe the historic county boundaries.

Coventry is effectively in the centre of the Warwickshire area, and still has strong ties with the county. Coventry and Warwickshire are sometimes treated as a single area and share a single NHS trust and ambulance service as well as other institutions.

The town of Tamworth was historically divided between Warwickshire and Staffordshire, but since 1888 has been fully in Staffordshire.

In 1931, Warwickshire got the town of Shipston-on-Stour from Worcestershire and several villages, including Long Marston and Welford-on-Avon, from Gloucestershire.

This is a list of the main settlements in Warwickshire, including towns, or villages with a population of over 5,000. For a complete list see List of places in Warwickshire.



Doppler effect

The Doppler effect is a change in frequency and wavelength of a wave. It is caused by the change in distance between the thing creating the wave (causer) and whatever is measuring seeing or hearing the wave (watcher or observer).

Another word for "causer" is "sender" or "source". Another word for "change in distance" is "speed" or "relative velocity". 
A common example is sitting in a car while another car goes by the watcher. The watcher will hear a change in pitch, while the sender will not.

For waves read all the waves that can send out or reflected by an object. And for reflection read change of direction of a wave. 

If observer and creator of the wave get closer, the frequency is higher and the wavelength is shorter.

If the distance between the observer and creator gets longer, the frequency is lower and the wavelength is longer.

Light waves can also be read, examples are:

An extreme example of the doppler effect is an aeroplane flying at a faster speed than the speed of sound and how the wall of sound is heard on the ground.


Monagas S.C.

Monagas Sport Club is a club of football from Maturín, Venezuela.


Goalkeepers 
Defenders 
Midfielders 
Forwards 
liderendeportes.com 

Vättern

Vättern is the second biggest lake in Sweden. The lake's total surface area is about . The deepest known point is . The average depth of the lake is .

Vättern is famous for the quality of its transparent water. Many of the people living in the area get their drinking water directly from Vättern. The lake water does not need to have many things done to it before it is used in nearby cities and towns. The water can be safely drunk from almost any point in the lake. It has been said that Vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world.

Vättern is also noted for its fishing. Tourist sport fishermen and people on vacation are allowed to fish in the lake as long as they do not use nets.

Uppsala

Uppsala is a city in Sweden. It is the 4th biggest city in Sweden, and the center of the Church of Sweden.

The city is home to the well-known student residential area of Flogsta. It is the largest student residence in the city. It is also known for the 'Flogsta scream'. At 10 pm every evening, students scream their frustrations from windows and balconies.

Summer of Love

The Summer of Love is the name for the summer of 1967 in the United States, especially in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco, California. Thousands of young people from all over the world went to San Francisco to help create a hippie counterculture. The Summer of Love made the rest of America much more aware of the hippie movement. The Human Be-In is often called the start of the Summer of Love, although it happened in January of that year.

During the Summer of Love, as many as 100,000 young people from around the world travelled to San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury district, Berkeley, California, and other cities in the San Francisco area. Once there, they joined in a popular version of the hippie experience. The people who were a part of the Summer of Love are sometimes called "Flower Children". When these new Flower Children returned home at the end of summer, they brought their new clothing, ideas and behaviors to most major cities in the U.S., Canada, Britain, Western Europe, Australia and New Zealand.

Appenzell Innerrhoden

Appenzell Innerrhoden is one of the twenty-six cantons of Switzerland. It is the smallest canton by population and the second smallest by area.

It is one of the only direct democracies in the world

The 6 (districts) of Appenzell Innerrhoden are:



Cataphile

A cataphile, also known as an urban explorer or "kata", is a person who illegally explores the catacombs underneath Paris, France. The catacombs go on for approximately 186 miles. The cataphiles carry maps, usually made by hand.

Staffordshire

Staffordshire (abbreviated Staffs) is a county in the West Midlands region of England. The county town is Stafford. Part of the National Forest is there. It is next to the counties of Cheshire, Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Warwickshire, West Midlands, Worcestershire and Shropshire.

The largest city in ceremonial Staffordshire is Stoke-on-Trent. 


Upper Cretaceous

The Upper Cretaceous is the last geological epoch in the Cretaceous. It began 100.5 million years ago, and ended 66 million years ago.

The Cretaceous is traditionally divided into Lower Cretaceous (early), and Upper Cretaceous (late), because of the different rocks. The rocks reflect the conditions in which they were formed. From lowest to highest, it is subdivided into the Cenomanian, Turonian, Coniacian, Santonian, Campanian, and Maastrichtian ages. 

The Upper Cretaceous is the time of chalk. Chalk is composed of countless millions of calcareous (CaCO) plates called coccoliths. They are so small they can only just be seen with a light microscope; details require an electron microscope. The plates are formed by single-celled planktonic algae called coccolithophores, and were laid down in the off-shore seas. 

The only other rock found in chalk is the flint, which is siliceous (silica, SiO). This derives from those algae and animals which have skeletons of silica. Undoubtedly, this marks periods when the climate was somewhat different.

The Cretaceous was the last period when dinosaurs were the dominant land animals. "Triceratops", "Tyrannosaurus" and "Velociraptor" lived at this time. The huge "Mosasaurus" was the dominant marine predator. In the Cretaceous period, birds became more diverse. Flowering plants developed more, and became the dominant plants on land. The Upper Cretaceous ended with the K/T extinction event.

The end of the Cretaceous period is marked by the huge extinction event which marked the end of the dinosaurs. However, many groups had already disappeared long before then. There was an earlier extinction event in the Upper Cretaceous at the CenomanianTuronian boundary, about 95 to 90 million years ago. All we know about it is that there was huge volcanic activity which led to changes in sea life.

The event brought about the extinction of the pliosaurs, and most ichthyosaurs, and most lines of pterosaurs. Although the cause is uncertain, the result starved the Earth's oceans of oxygen for nearly half a million years. This caused the extinction of about 27 percent of marine invertebrates, including certain planktonic and benthic foraminifera, mollusks, bivalves, dinoflagellates and calcareous nannofossils. This global environmental disturbance increased atmospheric and oceanic temperatures. Boundary sediments show an enrichment of trace elements, and contain elevated δ13C values. δ13C varies in time as a function of biological productivity. This means the seas were no longer so favourable for life at that time, and many species went extinct. 

Thai language

The Thai language is the national and official language of Thailand. It is the first language of the Thai people, Thailand's main ethnic group. Thai is closely related to the Lao language. In fact, some dialects of Thai and Lao are mutually intelligible, meaning that speakers of one language can talk with and understand speakers of the other language without knowing the other's language.

Thai is a tone language, like Chinese.

The Thai alphabet has 44 consonants:
The alphabet has Thai numbers:


New England Patriots

The New England Patriots is an American football team in the National Football League or the NFL. They are in the American Football Conference or the AFC. Their starting quarterback is Mac Jones. Cody Kessler plays the second string quarterback. The Patriots play in Gillette Stadium on Foxborough, midway between Boston, Massachusetts and Providence, Rhode Island.

In the 2007 season, the Patriots have won all 16 games and became the first team with 16 wins and no losses. They would win 2 more playoff games and enter the Super Bowl at 18-0. However, they did not complete a historic 19-0 season, because they lost to the Giants. The Giants scored 17 points when David Tyree made a helmet catch and the Patriots scored 14 points.

The New England Patriots won the Super Bowl in 2001, 2003, 2004, 2014, 2016, and 2018. They play in Foxboro, Massachusetts. They lost to the New York Giants in Super Bowl XLVI on February 5, 2012 in a rematch of Super Bowl XLII which their perfect season got spoiled. This time, the Giants scored 21 points and the Patriots scored 17 points.

The Patriots also won Super Bowl XLIX against the Seattle Seahawks when Russell Wilson threw an interception on the final play. The Patriots scored 28 points and the Seahawks scored 24 points.

The Patriots were originally called the "Boston Patriots", and played in Fenway Park. Their name comes from the city of Boston's importance in the American Revolution.

On March 16, 2010, the Patriots Hall of Fame group selected an all-decade team for the 2000s:

Bold indicates those elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

On April 29, 2020, the Patriots Hall of Fame group selected an all-decade team for the 2010s:

The Patriots Hall of Fame group will select an anniversary team to celebrate the greatest members of the team at every position up to the year of the selection.
In 1994, a group of local media selected a 35th anniversary team:

Bold indicates those elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

In 2009, the Patriots Hall of Fame group selected a 50th anniversary team:

Bold indicates those elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Digenea

Digenea are a type of flatworms. They are parasites. They have two suckers, usually. One of them is ventral ("on the belly"), and the other is oral (where the mouth is).

Aspidogastrea

The Aspidogastrea (gr. "aspid" - shield, "gaster" - stomach/pouch) is a small group of flukes. There are about 80 species. 

The group is a subclass of the Trematoda, and sister group to the Digenea. Species are between approximately one mm to several cm long. They are parasites of freshwater and marine molluscs and vertebrates (cartilaginous and bony fishes and turtles). Maturation may occur in the mollusc or vertebrate host. 

None of the species has any economic importance, but the group is of very great interest to biologists because it has several characters which appear to be basal.


Theropod

Theropods ('beast foot') are a group of bipedal saurischian dinosaurs.

Although they were primarily carnivorous, a number of theropod groups evolved herbivory, omnivory and insectivory.

Today, they are represented by 10,000 living species of birds, which evolved in the Upper Jurassic from small feathered coelurosaurian theropods.

Among the features linking theropods to birds are bipedalism, the three-toed foot, a furcula (wishbone), air-filled bones, feathers and brooding of the eggs.

Theropods first appear in the earliest part of the Upper Triassic about 230 million years ago. They were the sole large terrestrial carnivores from the Lower Jurassic until the close of the Cretaceous, about 66 million years ago.

Some of the earliest and most primitive of the theropod dinosaurs were:


Ring (mathematics)

In mathematics, a ring is an algebraic structure consisting of a set R together with two binary operations: addition (+) and multiplication (•). These two operations must follow special rules to work together in a ring. 

Mathematicians use the word "ring" this way because a mathematician named David Hilbert used the German word "Zahlring" to describe these structures. The integers, the rational numbers, the real numbers and the complex numbers are all famous examples of rings. There are other, more unusual examples of rings, however they all obey the special rules below.

The operations are used to combine two elements to form a third element. There are a few rules the set and the operations must obey to qualify as a ring. These are called ring axioms:


Some rings have additional properties from those mentioned above, these rings get special names:

Commutative Ring: If "x" • "y" = "y" • "x" holds for every "x" and "y" in the ring, then the ring is called a "commutative ring".

Ring with Unity: If there is a multiplicative identity element, that is an element e such that for all elements a in R, the equation e • a = a • e = a holds, then the ring is called a ring with unity. This element is usually written as 1.

Division Ring: If every element of the ring except 0 has a multiplicative inverse, that is for each a in R\{0}, there exists an element a in R such that a • a = 1, where 1 is the multiplicative identity element, then the ring is called a division ring.

Integral Domain: In a ring, it may be possible to multiply two things which are not zero and get zero as a result. If this is impossible in a certain ring, then the ring is called an "integral domain".

Field: A ring with all of the above properties is called a field.

989

989 was a common year.




988

988 is a year in the 10th century.




987

987 is a year in the 10th century.




986

986 was a common year in the 10th century.


Pablo Neruda

Pablo Neruda (July 12, 1904 – September 23, 1973) was a Chilean poet. He won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1971. He wrote in Spanish. Most of his works have been translated into many other languages.

Neruda was born in the City of Parral in Chile on July 12, 1904 born under the name Ricardo Neftali Reyes. Neruda’s mother died shortly after he was born, but the child, Neruda came to love his stepmother (Dona Trinidad Candia Malverde) as if she had been his real mother. Neruda started to write poetry as a young boy against the wishes of his father who wanted him to focus on mathematics - so he could become a teacher. In his youth he became a great admirer of the poetry of Jan Neruda and Paul Verlaine and chose the pen name of Pablo Neruda after Paul Verlaine (Pablo is the Spanish version of Paul) and Jan Neruda. 

Neruda was mainly interested in literature and writing poems, which he would mail out to magazines; to prevent his parents from discovering that he was doing this he changed his name to Pablo Neruda. In 1920 Neruda moved to Santiago to study French at the University of Chile, which he did to please his parents who wanted him to become a teacher. Soon Neruda became deeply involved in his poetry and in 1923 he published his first book: Crepusculario(Twilight Book).

After a number of years Neruda became a very famous person in his country and the world and was assigned diplomatic posts in various countries for long periods of time, such as Indonesia, Spain and France.

Neruda was suffering from cancer when he died of heart failure in hospital at the age of 69 on September 23, 1973 about a fortnight after the overthrow of Salvador Allende by military forces led by Pinochet. Many people today believe Neruda may have been poisoned by Pinochet's secret police, DINA, who feared Neruda's prominence and influence in creating an opposition to the military dictatorship. 

Neruda had a number of siblings, he had a sister that was stillborn when he was 3 or 4 years old and from his father's second marriage, a stepbrother, Ricardo Reyes Candia, and a stepsister, Laura Reyes Candia, - both children from his "mother" Trinidad Candia and his father DonReyes. 
Some of Neruda’s dog and also Tierney poetry is very difficult to understand because they are about events of World history such as the colonization of America, the Spanish Civil War, Nazi Germany and other conflicts. Neruda also references (mentions) important figures of World history. In some of his poetry Neruda tends to link historical events from different eras (periods of history) and different parts of the world into one major conflict as in his "Canto General" (1950).

But Neruda also wrote poetry that can be easily appreciated by all, such as his odes which Neruda wrote on all sorts of common things, such onions, lemons, and the common cat.

Neruda was very concerned in how his poetry sounded, he liked rhythm and many claim he had a “musical intelligence” i.e. he wrote with music in his mind. He would record many of his poems on a tape recorder and many of his recordings were sold like records in the Spanish speaking world.

Many academics and scholars consider Neruda to be one of the most important and widely read poets of the 1900s. Many go as far as to place him alongside Shakespeare and Dante. This is probably because Neruda wrote poems on all sorts of topics, appealing to people of all ages and interests: poems about love, on historical events (like wars), he wrote about native people, about nature and about simple things.

Neruda was also an avid collector of all sorts of things. He had one of the largest collections of seashells in the world and collected bottles, model ships, water taps - among other odd objects.

Many of Neruda’s poems have been used in movies and in music, such as in the classical music of the Greek composer Mikis Theodorakis, and in the movies, such as "Il Postino" or "Patch Adams". Many famous people have also recorded narrations (spoken word) of his poems, such as Julia Roberts, Madonna, Andy Garcia, and Glen Close. Also, he fought his whole life for the freedom of others.

In 2023, results from analysis of "tooth material", made some people think that the results are evidence of Neruda being poisoned (and that being the cause of death); However, the (kind of) bacteria (clostridium botulinum) that was found, has not been proven to come from a mysterious injection at the hospital; The bacteria could have come into his body, from food that Neruda ate, according to a professor of Medicine; Also, not all variants of that bacteria, produce the botuline toxin.


The Truth about Nanjing

The Truth about Nanjing is a Japanese movie from 2007. It is thought to be made by fundamental Japanese nationalists. In this movie they want to deny the fact of the Nanjing Massacre.


Nanjing Massacre

The Nanjing Massacre was a massacre (an unjust killing of many people) that happened in Nanjing, China, in December of 1937 and January of 1938. It was part of the Second Sino-Japanese War, which was the part of World War II between China and Japan. At the time, Japan was trying to take over China and Nanjing was the Chinese capital. The Japanese Army reached Nanjing on 13 December 1937 and began killing and raping thousands upon thousands of people.

Some Japanese claim the fighting in Nanjing was the same or not much worse than fighting in other places and in other wars. That is simply untrue. There is a lot of evidence from the Chinese, from outsiders who were there, from outsiders who have studied it, and from the Japanese themselves that things were much worse. There were many, many war crimes: soldiers without weapons were killed; people who were not soldiers were killed; many were tortured (hurt very badly), mutilated (hurt in ways that can never be fixed), or killed in very cruel ways; many were raped (forced to have sex) or forced to work and treated like things. We have the orders from the soldier's leaders telling them to do these kinds of things and not to follow rules against them. The Nanjing Massacre was so bad that some even think of it as a kind of genocide (trying to wipe out an entire group of people). 

The memory of the Nanjing Massacre—and anger at attempts to deny that it happened or to honor the soldiers who led it at the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo—still cause difficulty between the Chinese and Japanese governments and between Chinese and Japanese people.

The Nanjing Massacre is also known as the . It was known at the time as the or the . The name of Nanjing has not changed: it was then and now, but people have changed the way they spell the sounds of Chinese names using the Latin alphabet. "Nanking" was the Postal Map spelling, which usually tried to spell words the way local people said them around the year 1900. "Nanjing" is the pinyin spelling, which spells words the way they should sound in Mandarin Chinese.

The Mandarin Chinese name for the Nanjing Massacre is the "Nánjīng Dàtúshā", which means the same thing. (Part-by-part, "dàtúshā" could mean "a big butchering and killing" but, taken all together, it is just the Chinese word for "massacre".) It is written in traditional Chinese writing and in the easier Chinese writing now used by mainland China and Singapore. 

The Japanese can use similar names but often prefer to call it the "Nankin Jiken", which just means "The Thing that Happened in Nanjing". It is written in Japanese writing.

The Nanjing Massacre lasted over six weeks. During this time, soldiers of the Imperial Japanese Army 

During the six weeks of the Nanjing massacre, the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) massacred between 40,000 and 300,000 people. It is difficult to know exactly how many people were killed in this mass murder, because the IJA burnt many bodies, buried others in mass graves, and dumped others in the Yangtze River. Because of this, scholars and historians do not agree on exactly how many civilians were killed.

However, historians agree that the Imperial Japanese Army began massacring Chinese civilians the day they entered Nanjing. On that day, John Rabe, a German businessman, wrote in his diary: "We come across corpses every 100 to 200 yards. The bodies of civilians that I examined had bullet holes in their backs. These people had ... been [running away] and were shot from behind."

In another massacre, Japanese soldiers shot thousands of Chinese people with machine guns. They left their bodies in a trench they named the "Ten-Thousand-Corpse Ditch." Most historians think that more than 12,000 people were killed in this massacre. The IJA also massacred about 100 Hui people (a minority group in China who are mostly Muslim).

For the entire six weeks of the Massacre, the Imperial Japanese Army kept killing Chinese civilians. They killed in cruel, brutal ways and often tortured their victims before killing them.

For example, in 1984, ex-IJA soldier Kozo Tadokoro admitted: 
Another ex-soldier named Nagatoni admitted that Japanese soldiers tortured people to death by doing things like:

In 2010, a Japanese woman named Tamaki Matsuoka made a documentary film about the Nanjing Massacre. In the film, former IJA soldiers admit that they often raped Chinese women and massacred Chinese civilians. However, out of the 250 former soldiers that Matsuoka interviewed, only three felt bad about what they had done. One former solder, Sho Mitani, said: 

During the Massacre, the Japanese soldiers raped about 20,000 women including children and the elderly. Soldiers would go from door to door, searching for girls. When they found one, they would take her and rape her as a group. If anyone tried to stop the soldiers, the soldiers would shoot them.

Right after they raped the women, the Japanese soldiers would often kill them, sometimes by mutilating their sex organs.

One survivor of the massacre said that sons were forced to rape their mothers, and fathers were forced to rape their daughters. One group of soldiers gang-raped a pregnant woman, who gave birth only a few hours later (the baby did not seem to be hurt). Japanese soldiers also raped Buddhist nuns and forced monks to rape women.

On 19 December 1937, the Reverend James M. McCallum wrote in his diary:
Another witness to the rapes in Nanjing was Robert O. Wilson. He was a surgeon at an American hospital in Nanjing. On December 15 and 18, 1937, he wrote to his family:

Starting in 1931, an international law called the Third Geneva Convention said it was illegal to treat prisoners of war in certain ways. It said these prisoners had rights for example, the right to have a trial before being executed. However, in August 1937, Hirohito, the Emperor of Japan, had decided that neither he nor the army would follow any international laws about how Chinese prisoners of war had to be treated.

Right after the IJA took over Nanjing, they started searching for ex-Chinese soldiers. They took thousands of young men as prisoners. Some of these men were never soldiers; the IJA just assumed they were. Without any trials, the IJA took many of these young men to the Yangtze River and killed them with machine guns.

According to confessions made by former IJA soldiers, on December 13 and 14, 1937, a unit of IJA soldiers had taken 14,777 Chinese prisoners of war. In the next few days, they took another 2,0003,000 prisoners. In two days, the IJA massacred every one of these prisoners of warover 15,000 people. In their confessions, the former IJA soldiers said their military leaders had ordered them to do this.

Over the six weeks of the massacre, the IJA killed a total of about 30,000 Chinese prisoners of war.

The Japanese Army left most of the buildings in Nanjing destroyed by looting and arson. They destroyed newly built government buildings as well as many civilians' homes. Soldiers also stole whatever they wanted. Because the Imperial Japanese Army was so much stronger than the Chinese soldiers and civilians in Nanjing, the Chinese could not fight back. This meant the Japanese could take all of the city's valuable things for themselves.

In January 1938, the Imperial Japanese Army announced that Nanjing was in "order" again. In the first week of February, it created a government that would obey all of Japan's needs. After that, the IJA left. The massacre was over.

On September 2, 1945, Japan surrendered to the Allied Powers. This ended World War II.

Soon after this, the Allied Powers began creating international military courts. To try Japan's leaders for war crimes and crimes against humanity, they created the International Military Tribunal for the Far East (IMTFE).

Three of the Japanese Imperial Army's leaders in Nanjing were put on trial at the IMTFE:

All three of these men were found guilty of "Class A" war crimes. This meant they had been found guilty of planning and being in charge of the war. All three were sentenced to death and were executed.

In 1946, the Chinese government created the Nanjing War Crimes Tribunal. This court tried General Matsui's lieutenant, Hisao Tani, for his part in the Nanjing Massacre. It found him guilty and sentenced him to death.

The Nanjing Massacre is still very controversial in Japan. Only a small number of Japanese writers say the Massacre never happened at all. Most of the argument over the massacre has to do with how many Chinese people died. Some scholars say that many fewer Chinese people died than most historians say. For example, Japanese writer Tanaka Masaaki says that only a few hundred civilians died in Nanjing.

As of 2014, Japan still honored fourteen "Class A" war criminalsincluding the three who were in charge of the Nanjing Massacreat a national shrine.

There is a lot of proof that the Nanjing Massacre happened the way most historians and survivors say it did. This proof includes:


Neoliberalism

Neoliberalism is a term for different social and economic ideas. There is no agreed definition. Originally the term was used by a group of liberals who helped shape social market economy in the mid 20th century. Classic liberalism is characterized by free market trade, deregulation of financial markets, mercantilism and the shift away from state welfare provision.

Alexander Rustow was the first economist to develop this concept, looking after a Social Democracy system rather than a Laissez Faire Capitalist Society.

In the application of neoliberal ideals, the state might also intervene and regulate, for example, to prevent exploitation, or to ensure social fairness and equality.

Neoliberalism is against the protection of group - rather than individual - interests, for example, that might be achieved through lobbying of groups, or state interventions that protect national interests via tariffs or subsidies.

Neoliberalism has moved away from a centrally governed economy.

Since the 1990s the term has been consistently used in academia to imply the move from welfare state to laissez faire economic management, particularly associated with the promotion of free market ideals in the late 1980s by Margaret Thatcher in the UK and Ronald Reagan in the US.


Cartel

In economics, a cartel is a group of formerly independent companies who overtly agree to work together. The objectives of cartels are to increase their profits or to stabilize market sales. They do this by fixing the price of goods, by limiting market supply or by other means. Monopolies are not cartels, because in a monopoly there is only one independent company. Cartels are bad for the economy in general and for their customers who are overcharged. Cartels usually occur in oligopolies, where there are a small number of players that control the majority of supply in a market. 

Besides the sellers' cartel just described, buyers may also form cartels to suppress the price of a purchased input. Another type of cartel is the bidding ring. In bid rigging potential suppliers form an agreement as to which of them will win a supply contract at a price above the competitive price and, if one of them wins, then agree to a rule for sharing the extra profits among themselves. Bid rigging is most common among construction firms trying to get a government building project. 

A survey was done of hundreds of published economic studies and legal decisions of antitrust authorities. It found that the median price increase achieved by cartels in the last 200 years is 25%. Private international cartels (those with participants from two or more nations) had an average price increase of 28%. Domestic cartels averaged 18%. Less than 10% of all cartels in the sample failed to raise market prices. 

In general, cartel agreements are difficult to negotiate because potential members typically have different ideal collusive prices. Once formed, cartels tend to be economically unstable, primarily because there is a profit incentive for members to cheat by selling at below the agreed price or selling more than the production quotas set by the cartel (see also game theory). Cheating on prices is difficult for cartel members to observe, so more successful cartels often agree to fix their market quotas, share verifiable information about those shares, and agree in advance on some mechanism to punish members that exceed their quotas. This has caused many cartels that attempt to set product prices to be unsuccessful in the long term. Empirical studies of 20th century cartels have determined that the mean duration of discovered cartels is from 5 to 8 years. However, once a cartel is broken, the incentives to form the cartel return and the cartel may be re-formed. Publicly-known cartels that do not follow this cycle include the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).

Price fixing is often practiced internationally. When the agreement to control price is sanctioned by a multilateral treaty or protected by national sovereignty, no antitrust actions may be initiated. Examples of such price fixing include oil whose price is partly controlled by the supply by OPEC countries. Also international airline tickets have prices fixed by agreement with the IATA, a practice for which there is a specific exception in antitrust law.

International price fixing by private entities can be prosecuted under the antitrust laws of more than 100 countries. Examples of prosecuted international cartels are lysine, citric acid, graphite electrodes and bulk vitamins.


Oligopoly

In economics, an oligopoly is a market form in which the market or industry is controlled by a small number of sellers. Usually, the market has high barriers to entry, which prevents new firms from entering the market or even be able to have a significant market share. 

As there are only a few sellers in the market, each seller would take note of the actions made by one another, and thinks about how the other sellers will respond when making decisions. As such, there is a possibility in which an oligopoly can come together to make a common decision that allows them to have less competition and charge higher prices for consumers. 

In many countries, some country-held companies were privatized. Very often, this privatization lead to oligopolies. In many countries, there are only a handful of companies providing networks for mobile phones. They control the prices for accessing the network. That is why using a mobile phone is often much more expensive than using a land line one.

Trains run by private sectors are much costlier than those run by a government. As a government gives rights to private sectors to get a hold of some other sectors, they take advantage of it.



Market forms

In economics, market structure (also known as market form) describes the state of a market with respect to competition.

Most market forms given below talk about a "homogeneous product". This simply means that they all make the same thing. They simply want to get the cheapest one, since all kinds of sugars (or soaps) look the same anyway. 

The major market forms are:


The imperfectly competitive structure is quite identical to the realistic market conditions where some monopolistic competitors, monopolists, oligopolists, and duopolists exist and dominate the market conditions.

These somewhat abstract concerns usually determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade.

The correct sequence of the market structure from most to least competitive is perfect competition, imperfect competition, oligopoly, and pure monopoly.

The main criteria by which one can distinguish between different market structures are: the number and size of producers and consumers in the market, the type of goods and services being traded, and the degree to which information can flow freely.



Perfect competition

In economics, perfect competition is a type of market form in which there are many companies that sell the same product or service and no one has enough market power to be able to set prices on the product or service without losing business. As the conditions for perfect competition are strict, there are only a few markets that are considered to be perfectly competitive and this market form only exists to compare with the other market forms.

Generally, a perfectly competitive market exists when every firm in the market are price takers and no one is able to charge a different price without losing business. Specific characteristics of perfect competition includes:
These characteristics are largely impossible to achieve in reality and there are not many markets that are perfectly competitive. For example, it is unlikely that there are absolutely no barriers to entry and exit as there are always costs involved in setting up a new firm. Also, information is always imperfect and it is not possible for buyers to know exactly the price set by all sellers, and sellers are not willing to share their production methods with their competitors. However, the study of perfect competition is important as it is used to compare with the other market forms.

In the short run, a perfectly competitive firm is not productively efficient as the output will not be at where the marginal cost equals to the average cost (MC = AC). However, a perfectly competitive firm will be allocatively efficient as the firm will be producing at the profit-maximising output where MC = MR, which is coincidentally the allocatively efficient point. In the long run, a perfectly competitive firm will be both allocatively and productively efficient.

A model can be used to show the perfectly competitive firm's price and output level for a given product. In the diagram shown, the cost curves of a perfectly competitive market is shown in its long run equilibrium.

For a perfectly competitive firm, the marginal cost of producing an extra unit of output is shown using the MC curve "(in blue)" whereas the average total cost of producing an extra unit of output is shown using the ATC curve "(in red)". As stated above, a perfectly competitive market has a large number of buyers and sellers and the demand does not change with output. Hence, the demand curve, the average revenue and marginal revenue curves are horizontal "(in green)". The point in which the demand curve intersects the vertical axis is the price of the product sold by the firm.

As firms are assumed to be profit-maximising, the firm will thus produce at the output level where the marginal cost equals to the marginal revenue (MC = MR). Hence, the firm will be producing an output of Q in the diagram. As the average total cost curve also meets at this point, the firm is thus earning normal profits in the long run.

A market where there's perfect competition is difficult to find in the real world, mainly because of the restrictions.

Monopolistic competition

Monopolistic competition is a market form. Like with Perfect competition, there are many buyers and sellers. But the market is not perfect. This is because the products are not homogeneous, or because the buyers have explicit or implicit preferences.

This market form is quite common. As an example, take a bakery. There are many bakeries in the town, but one of those bakeries can demand a slightly higher price for bread, because it is the only one in a certain part of the town.

Monopolistically competitive firms are able to gain a greater degree of market share and as a result, increase prices. If a particular bakery is known for selling the best pies and pasties in town, they can increase their prices for pies and pasties as they know consumers will pay slightly more for a superior product. This is known as establishing a brand name and brand loyalty.


Supply and demand

Supply and demand is a model of microeconomics. It describes how a price is formed in a market economy. There are two determining factors on such a market, the number of things made available, called supply, and the number of things consumers want, called demand. Supply and demand shows how producers and consumers interact with each other. This relationship will fix the price for a certain type of good. In perfect competition, the quantity demanded (demand) and the quantity supplied will be equal. This happens at the equilibrium market price.

For normal goods, and a normal market, there are four basic laws that determine the change in the market, if either supply or demand changes:

When there is more supply, this will cause prices to fall because people will not want to pay more for items that can be found easily. When there is more demand, prices will go up because many people want to buy the same item but there is not enough supply for it.

When demands for new goods and services go up, new markets come into being. The greater the demand, the faster this happens. This greater number of providers makes the supply go up, which forces the price down toward the cost of production and distribution.

One of the first to see this was Adam Smith. In his book "The Wealth of Nations" (1776), he says that the demand was dependent on the price of a good. He did not see the inverse, that the demand also influences the price. David Ricardo published the book "Principles of Political Economy and Taxation" in 1817, where he explained market equilibrium as it is explained above. Others who are known for this model are Alfred Marshall and Léon Walras.

There are certain goods which violate the model above

The rules above are only valid for a perfect competition market: In such a market, there are many buyers and sellers, and no single buyer or seller can directly influence the price. If either the buyers or the sellers can influence this price, the market will react differently. Sometimes there is only one supplier (a monopoly). When this happens, the supplier chooses the price and the demand only determines how much is bought. The supplier will probably raise the price very high as long as people are still willing to buy at that price. If there is only one buyer, the market is called monopsony, and that buyer is able to fix the price.


Elasticity (economics)

In economics, people talk about elasticity of an economic variable, usually supply or demand, in relation to another economic variable such as income or price. The elasticity of a variable is a measure of how much the variable changes in response to a change in a second variable.

If the price for a good with a price-elastic demand goes up, the demand for it will go down. For example, people will buy fewer DVDs if DVDs get more expensive − DVDs have a price-elastic demand.

If a good has a completely price-inelastic demand, the demand for it will not be affected by the price of it. For example, if the price of salt increases, people will not buy less of it. They need their daily salt intake. The demand of salt is therefore price-inelastic.

Elasticity is often measured in percents. If a 2% increase in price causes people to buy 1% fewer of a product, it has a price elasticity of demand of -0.5. 


Worcestershire

Worcestershire (ˈwʊs.təˌʃə; abbreviated Worcs) is a county in the West Midlands region of central England. From 1974 to 1998 it was part of Hereford and Worcester. The city of Worcester, where the sauce named after Worcestershire was invented, is within this county.

The county borders Herefordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, West Midlands, Warwickshire, and Gloucestershire.

Worcestershire is a fairly rural county. The Malvern Hills, which run from the south of the county into Herefordshire, are made up mainly of volcanic rock, some of which date from before 1200 million years ago. For more on the geology of the Malvern Hills, see the other websites section below.





Zlín

Zlín (from 1949 to 1990 Gottwaldov) is a town in the Czech Republic. It is on the Dřevnice River. The Bata Shoes company has developed this city. It is now famous for urbanism.

Metamorphosis

Metamorphosis in biology means the process of transformation from an immature form to an adult form in two or more distinct stages. Good examples are insects and amphibians. Life for most insects begins as a larva or nymph then progresses to the pupa stage and ends as an adult.
Animals that metamorphose include tadpoles into frogs, caterpillars into butterflys, and generally insect larva into adult insects.

There are two main types of metamorphosis in insects:
simple metamorphosis or "hemimetabolism", and complete metamorphosis or "holometabolism".

Insects who go through simple (or incomplete) metamorphosis have three life stages. These insects start as eggs, which are usually very small. When the egg hatches, a larva or nymph comes out. Nymphs are just baby insects. Most of the time, the nymph looks similar to the adult, but it is smaller, may have different colouration, and does not have wings. The nymph grows through stages called "instars", shedding its 'skin' ("epicuticle") at each stage ("ecdysis"). Finally, it changes into a mature adult with wings.

Some insect nymphs are aquatic, which means they live in water. These nymphs usually have gills and look very different from the adults they will turn into. Nymphs that live in water are called "naiads".

Some insects that have a life cycle of egg-nymph-adult are:

Insects that have complete metamorphosis have four life stages. These insects start as eggs, which are very small. The egg hatches and a larva comes out. The larva looks like a worm and eats and eats so that it can grow much bigger. When the larva has grown it changes into a pupa. The pupa usually can not move or eat. The pupa is a special time when the insect is changing into an adult that will look very different from the larva or the pupa. Moth pupae (plural of pupa) are inside cocoons. When the pupa opens, the adult insect comes out.

Many insects have a life cycle of egg-larva-pupa-adult. Some of these insects are:

The monarch butterfly goes through four stages of development. Life for a monarch butterfly begins as an egg hatched from an adult. This egg then develops into a worm-like larva caterpillar. In the pupa or chrysalis stage, the caterpillar spins a silk pad on a twig or leaves and hangs from this pad by its last pair of prolegs. It hangs upside down in the shape of a "J" and then molts leaving it encased in a green exoskeleton. The mature butterfly emerges after about two weeks and feeds on a variety of flowers including milkweed flowers, red clover and goldenrod.

In typical amphibian development, eggs are laid in water and larvae are adapted to an aquatic lifestyle. Frogs, toads, and newts all hatch from the egg as larvae with external gills. Afterwards, newt larvae start a predatory lifestyle, while tadpoles mostly scrape food off surfaces with their horny tooth ridges.

Many marine species have evolved a system where they release their eggs and sperm into the water at the same time, and fertilisation takes place in the sea over one or two days. This increases their chance of reproductive success.

Then, larvae join the other plankton, eating and growing before metamorphosing into adults. Most marine invertebrates and many fish have a life cycle with pelagic larvae or even pelagic eggs. These have the capacity to be transported long distances, and so spread the species around to other places.

The need for metamorphosis is clear when the relative size of eggs and adults is understood. A mature Atlantic cod can reach two metres long, and weigh over 200 pounds (96 kg). The female will produce over 100,000 eggs in a single spawning, and the resulting larvae are quite tiny. There is no way they could live like the adults, which are more or less top predators. The larvae cannot even swim against the current. Therefore, they must live a different kind of life before they can live as the adults do.

Their development is packaged into stages, and each stage has adaptations to life at its stage. The sharp distinction between stages (best seen in insects) is presumably because a longer transition would leave the juvenile less fit, either at its younger or older ways of life.



Resilience

Resilience generally means the ability to recover from some shock or disturbance. 
There are different meanings for,

Resilience is a term used in psychology to describe the capacity of people to cope with stress and catastrophe. It is also used to indicate a characteristic of resistance to future negative events. This psychological meaning of resilience is often contrasted with "risk factors".

In physics and engineering, resilience is defined as the capacity of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then, upon unloading to have this energy recovered. In other words, it is the maximum energy per volume that can be elastically stored. It is represented by the area under the curve in the elastic region in the Stress-Strain diagram.

Modulus of Resilience, formula_1, can be calculated using the following formula: formula_2, where formula_3 is yield stress, E is Young's modulus, and formula_4 is strain.

An example of a biomaterial which has a high resilience is articular cartilage, the substance lining the ends of bones in articulating joints such as the knee and hip.

In ecology, resilience has been defined in two competing fashions that emphasize two different aspects of stability.

One definition is the rate at which a system returns to a single steady or cyclic state following a perturbation. This definition of resilience assumes that behavior of a system remains within the stable domain that contains this steady state.

When a system can reorganize, that is shift from one stability domain to another, a more relevant measure of ecosystem dynamics is ecological resilience. It is a measure of the amount of change or disruption that is required to transform a system from being maintained by one set of mutually reinforcing processes and structures to a different set of processes and structures.

The second definition emphasizes conditions far from any steady-states, where instabilities can flip a system into another regime of behavior - i.e. to another stability domain. In this case resilience is measured by the magnitude of disturbance that can be absorbed before the system changes its structure by changing the variables and processes that control behavior. This type of resilience has been defined as ecological resilience.

Economic resilence is the ability of a local economy to retain function, employment and prosperity in the face of the perturbation caused by the shock of the loss of a particular type of local industry or employer.

Within the broad domain of industrial safety, the term resilience has come into use to emphasise that safety must be proactive as well as reactive. Whereas conventional risk management approaches emphasise calculation of failure probabilities, resilience engineering looks for ways to strengthen the ability of organisations to create processes that are robust yet flexible.
Resilience is the ability of the network to provide and maintain an acceptable level of service in the face of various faults and challenges to normal operation.

Resilient networks aim to provide acceptable service to applications:





St Andrews

St Andrews is a town, that has its name from Saint Andrew the Apostle and is a former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife, Scotland, and an important home of golf. It has a population of about 18 000, and stands on the North Sea coast between Edinburgh and Dundee. It is home to Scotland's oldest university, the "University of St Andrews".

The town is called "home of golf" for two reasons. First, the "Royal and Ancient Golf Club", founded in 1754,has authority over the game worldwide except in the USA and Mexico. Second, the beautiful "links" (acquired by the town in 1894) is the most frequent venue for The Open Championship, the oldest of the Men's major golf championships.

Visitors travel to St Andrews in great numbers for several courses ranked amongst the finest in the world, as well as for the sandy beaches.

The Cathedral of St Andrew was at one time Scotland's largest building. It was founded by Bishop Robert (1122 - 1159). It was not completed and consecrated until 1318 in the reign of Robert the Bruce (1306-29).

St Rule's tower stands in the Cathedral grounds but is older than the cathedral. Probably it was part of the Cathedral up to the early 12th century.

The ruins of "St Andrews Castle" stand on a rock at the sea. It is said that Bishop Roger erected the first stone castle on the site about the beginning of the 13th century as an episcopal residence.

The University of St Andrews owed its origin to a society formed in 1410 by Lawrence of Lindores, abbot of Scone and a few others.

The university library, which now includes the older college libraries, was founded about the middle of the 17th century, rebuilt in 1764, and improved in 1829 and 1889 - 1890.

The modern buildings, in the Jacobean style, were erected between 1827 and 1847. University College, Dundee, became in 1890 affiliated to the University of St Andrews.

St Andrew (disambiguation)

The element St Andrew, St. Andrews or St. Andrew's is found in the names of many places and institutions. All of them are named after Saint Andrew, a Christian saint and one of the New Testament Apostles.
Saint Andrew
Other saints who share this name include:
British Isles and Europe
North America
Australia, New Zealand, Japan

Egypt

Israel

Malta

Morocco

Other uses

See also

1911 Encyclopædia Britannica

The Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition (1910–1911) is one of the most famous editions of the "Encyclopædia Britannica". Some of its articles were written by the best-known scholars of the time. The articles are still of value and interest to modern scholars as examples for the knowledge of the 19th and early 20th centuries. They contain, however, a number of problematic areas for the modern scholar using them as a source. The eleventh edition is no longer restricted by copyright and is available online, both in its original text and in part in other online encyclopaedias and works.

The 1911 eleventh edition was assembled under the leadership of American publisher Horace Everett Hooper, and edited by Hugh Chisholm. American marketing methods assisted sales. Some 11% of the contributors were American, and a New York office was established to run that side of the enterprise.

Some articles were written by the best-known scholars of the day, such as Edmund Gosse, J. B. Bury, Algernon Charles Swinburne, John Muir, Prince Peter Kropotkin, T. H. Huxley, G. K. Chesterton, Edmund Husserl and William Michael Rossetti, and others well known to that era.

The eleventh edition introduced a number of changes to the format of the "Britannica". It was the first to be published complete, instead of the previous method of volumes being released as they were ready. The content of the encyclopaedia was made up as follows:

The eleventh edition has become a commonly quoted source because of the reputation of the "Britannica" at that time and because it is now in the public domain and has been made available on the Internet. The "Encyclopædia Britannica" of 1911 has been used as a source for many modern projects, such as Wikipedia and the "Gutenberg Encyclopedia".

The "Project Gutenberg Encyclopedia" is actually the eleventh edition of the "Encyclopædia Britannica", renamed to address Britannica's trademark concerns. 


Pontiac

Pontiac, the Pontiac Motor Division of General Motors was one of the four motor divisions of General Motors. Pontiac was known for making affordable performance cars. It was established in 1926. In 2009, General Motors announced that it would close Pontiac due to Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The last Pontiac car was built at the end of 2010.

Pontiac is named for Pontiac (Ottawa leader), an 18th-century war chief, and for the town of Pontiac, Illinois.




Buick

Buick is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors. It is known for making near-luxury cars with excellent performance and value. After the discontinuation of the Saturn brand GM announced Buick's styling would be based off the German Opel's. 1903


Cadillac

Cadillac, officially the Cadillac Division of the General Motors Company, is a luxury car maker, owned by General Motors. During the 20th century, Cadillacs were so highly thought of that the phrase "the Cadillac of x" was coined, meaning that something of excellent quality and better than everything else in its category. 1902

The company is one of the oldest car companies and was founded in 1902. By the 1950s and 1960s, it had become famous for making high-quality and luxurious cars, often setting the standard for automotive styling. Cadillac had largely declined by the 1980s and lost much of its market to other companies. Since the early 2000s, Cadillac has regained some of its lost reputation. However, it is not the same company it once was. Cadillac is based in Detroit, Michigan. Many of its cars are available as a V-model, which is a sports package.



Chevrolet

Chevrolet, also known as Chevy, and formally the Chevrolet Division of the General Motors Company, is a car company owned by General Motors. Chevrolet is known for producing popular, affordable cars. Chevrolet produces the Corvette, one of the most famous sports cars in the world. 1911

Chevrolet was created in 1911 by Louis Chevrolet. Louis was a racing car driver. Chevrolet started using its "bow-tie" logo in 1913. It could have come from a wallpaper Chevrolet saw in a hotel. It could also be a version of the cross on the Swiss flag, due to Chevrolet having been born in Switzerland.

In 1917, Chevrolet combined with General Motors. In 2002, GM acquired the recently bankrupt Daewoo Motors company of South Korea, and in 2011, the brand was folded into Chevrolet making the marque global except for Australasia.

Some of these vehicles also come, or used to come in, hybrid-electric versions.



Sports car

A sports car is a small, fast, quick-turning automobile. Most of them only have two seats or very small seats in the back. Luxury versions of sports cars are known as "grand tourers".

A sports car is different from an automobile for racing. The sports car is allowed to drive on a normal road, whereas race cars cannot.

Since the invention of automobiles, people have tried to make them faster. The first sports cars were made to be raced by rich people.

There are different versions of sports cars. There are automobiles with the motor in the front and those with rear-wheel drive. Examples are the Chevrolet Corvette or the Honda S2000. There are also cars with the motor behind the passengers, in the middle of the car. One of the first cars like this was the Lamborghini Miura. Porsche uses a different layout. The motor in a Porsche 911 is in the back, behind the rear wheels. Since the 1980s, a lot of sports cars have four-wheel drive. The motor in the front and front-wheel drive is only used in a few sports cars.

Most sports cars only have two seats. Some sports cars also have small seats in the back. For example, the Porsche 911. The McLaren F1 has three seats, with driver sitting in the middle.

Sports cars are often fast and expensive cars.


These are some sports cars:

Oldsmobile

Oldsmobile was an automobile maker that was previously owned by General Motors. Oldsmobile was known for producing innovative and iconic vehicles with iconic engines, such as the Oldsmobile 88, Oldsmobile 98, Oldsmobile Cutlass, and Oldsmobile 442. The company closed in 2004 due to declining sales. However, these cars are now popular and are still driven today thanks to the resale of their cars.

Oldsmobile was founded in 1897 as the "Olds Motor Vehicle Company" by Ransom E. Olds located in Lansing, Michigan as a competitor to Buick and Cadillac. It was the first high-volume gasoline-powered car manufacturer in 1901. That same year, Oldsmobile was renamed Olds Motor Works and moved to a new plant in Detroit. Not only that, Oldsmobile had a bunch of prototypes ready to be put into production, but the factory that had those prototypes caught on fire and destroyed all of the prototypes except for Oldsmobile's first ever car. In 1903 and 1904, Oldsmobile was the best-selling car company. However, in 1904, Ransom E. Olds left the company due to arguments and disputes with Frederick Smith, his sales manager. Frederick was questioning if Oldsmobile cars had no defects when they were fully produced. This caused Olds to create an experimental engineering shop without Frederick knowing, which would soon go on to create the REO Motor Car Company. Throughout the early to the late 1900s, Oldsmobile produced the first mass-produced car, the Oldsmobile Model R "Curved Dash" on the first ever assembly line, which is incorrectly credited to Henry Ford. The cars were colloquially referred to as "Oldsmobiles", popularizing the lyrics of the 1905 hit song "In My Merry Oldsmobile". It was eventually bought out by General Motors in 1908. Platforms that were shared with Buick had a "Series" prefix, while pre-GM vehicles had a "Model" prefix.

In 1910, Oldsmobile produced the Limited Touring Series 23, which had a new body designed by Fisher Body, was considered to be the start of Oldsmobile's innovations throughout the years. Costing US$4,600 at release with an 11.6 Liter engine producing 70 hp, it was considered to be technologically advanced. A Limousine version was introduced the same year, costing US$5,800 at the time. It sold only 275 units but is remembered for winning a race against the 20th Century Limited Train. Oldsmobile then released the Oldsmobile Series 40 and Oldsmobile Light Eight in 1912 and 1916, which had a Cadillac Flathead V8 until 1923 and division-exclusive OHV Straight 6 engine until 1930. In the 1920s, the Oldsmobile Six was released in five body styles using the new "GM B platform". The "Viking" automobile was introduced, but discontinued in 1930 (An additional 353 cars were sold as 1931 models).

In the 1930s, Oldsmobile introduced the Series F and Series L on both Straight-Six and Straight-Eight engines while also introducing the Automatic Safety Transmission, which was originally built by Buick. In the 1940s, Oldsmobile introduces the "Hydramatic", which was the United States' first automatic transmission with four forward speeds. In the early 1940s, Oldsmobile body sizes ranged from 6 to 9 with Straight-Six and Straight-Eight engine, serving as the origin for Oldsmobile models such as the Oldsmobile 98 and Oldsmobile 88. Oldsmobile was a pioneer again in 1949 when the "Rocket" V8 engine was introduced. This engine proved to be popular for hot rodders and stock car racers. This engine would later be redesigned in the 1960s.

Oldsmobile in the 50s was centered on the Rocket engine and the Space Race. During this time, Oldsmobile cars with the Rocket V8 were considered to be the fastest and were redesigned with a wide "open maw" grille. Oldsmobile changed its logo to reflect its "universal appeal" from its customers while changing the grille again in 1958 to reflect the Rocket image. Oldsmobile, along with Buick and Cadillac, were the first to have a hardtop (Cadillac's was the Coupe DeVille, while Buick's was the Riviera) and a wrap-around windshield. Trim models were also introduced in the 1950s that connected with base models. Examples include the Oldsmobile Dynamic 88 and Oldsmobile Super 88. However, the introduction of the "Forward Look" design by Chrysler along with cars by DeSoto and Mercury made Oldsmobile outdated. This made General Motors design the "StratoRoof", which had negative reception from customers and owners alike. 1958 had a decline in sales while also introducing a major facelift for Oldsmobile, especially the 88. Oldsmobile models had another major redesign a year later in 1959 for the exterior and interior. Oldsmobile's peak was in the 1960s, being one of the most innovative companies in automotive industry, such as the first Turbocharger and Water Injection (Oldsmobile Jetfire) and first Front-Wheel-Drive car in the United States since the 1929 Cord Phaeton (Oldsmobile Toronado). It also included Oldsmobile's most known models (Oldsmobile 442, Oldsmobile Cutlass, Oldsmobile Vista Cruiser, and more).

Oldsmobile's best era was the 1970s and 1980s, with sales being in the all-time high due to positive critics, iconic designs and models, and quality/reliability with the best-selling model being the Oldsmobile Cutlass. This caused it to go into the millions in terms of sales and displacing Pontiac and Plymouth as the third best-selling, just behind the two most popular/known car companies, Chevrolet and Ford. However, this soon became a problem for Oldsmobile, as the production capacity was too high for the Oldsmobile V8 engine. As a result, the engine of Oldsmobile models was replaced by Chevrolet's 350 cubic inch V8 engine, which was discovered by customers years later, which turned into a nightmare for GM. This declined sales, causing GM to create a new 5.7L Diesel V8, which soon turned out to be one of the worst engines in history, causing it to be discontinued in 1985, quickly being replaced by newer, more reliable engines.

However, Oldsmobile started to decline in the 90s and the 2000s, going from 1 million sales to approximately 40% of its record sales in 1985 (Approximately 1.1 million sales), new competitors such as Acura and Lexus, along with discontinuing its most iconic models (e.g. Cutlass, Cutlass Supreme, 88, 98, and more). Oldsmobile also received a new logo during this time, replacing the iconic Rocket logo. In 1994 for the 1995 model year, Oldsmobile introduced the Aurora, which would have its models designed derived from that car. In December 2000, General Motors announced that it would shut down the Oldsmobile brand, while also announcing one of its last models, the third generation Bravada. Oldsmobile's last cars had the "Final 500" emblems/markings. Then, on April 29, 2004, Oldsmobile ended operations with its last model being an Oldsmobile Alero GLS sedan, which was sold for $42,000 at an auction in New York City.


GMC

GMC is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors. GMC is known for building trucks. Some of them are small, while others, like those promoted as "Professional Grade", are big. In the past, GMC was part of the "General Motors Diesel Division" which also made buses, motorhomes, and vehicles for the military.

The company was founded by Max Grabowsky in 1901. It was bought by General Motors in 1909. In 1989 GMC started to market the Suzuki Sidekick as the GMC Tracker in Canada. In 2006 GMC announced it would start selling unibody crossovers, its first was the GMC Acadia, replacing the Safari minivan, GMC Envoy XL SUV and the Pontiac Montana SV6 minivan.

Saturn Corporation

Saturn was an automobile maker. It was owned by General Motors. It was established on January 7, 1985. Saturns are sold in the United States and Canada, some even being sold in Japan. They are currently known for European styling, and no-haggle pricing. IN the past, their most notable feature was plastic body panels.

General Motors tried to sell the company. Penske Automtive was going to buy it, but decided not to. Saturn Corporation went defunct on October 31, 2010 as part of General Motors downsizing due to its bankruptcy. The company was succeeded by Buick as GM's captive import brand. GM also decided to reuse some components of the brand's crossover for Chevrolet and GMC models.




Holden

Holden was an Australian car maker, owned by General Motors. Holden was known for making rear-wheel drive cars with large, naturally-aspirated engines. The company closed down in 2020.










Hummer

Hummer is a type of Sport utility vehicle. Hummer was first made by AM General who also made vehicles used by the United States Army. The design of the Hummer H1 is based on the military High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV – Humvee). 1991

Hummer used to be made by General Motors. General Motors wanted to sell the brand, but they could not find a buyer, so the brand will stop being made.



Vauxhall Motors

Vauxhall is a car manufacturer. The company was founded in London in 1903 and was named after the area of the city where it was created. The company is based in Luton, Bedfordshire. They have 2 factories, 1 in Luton for production of the Vivaro van and 1 in Ellsmere Port for production of the Astra family car. In March 2017, Vauxhall and parent brand Opel were brought by PSA, the company who owns Peugeot and Citroen. The brand would become a part of Stellantis after a merge between PSA and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in January 2021. 1903


Battle of Dunkirk

The Battle of Dunkirk (French: Bataille de Dunkerque) (Also known as Operation Dynamo) was a major battle during World War II. It lasted from the 26 May until 4 June 1940. The Allied forces were split in two by a German armoured advance to the Channel coast at Calais. The British and French commanders had been taken by surprise at the speed of the advance. The northern part of the army was surrounded In Dunkirk, France, a port on the English Channel. There they made a perimeter and waited for an evacuation. 

The majority of British troops were able to escape. Approximately half as many French troops also escaped. About 40,000 troops, mostly French, had to stay behind to keep the Germans away during the evacuation. Many of the evacuated French troops landed elsewhere and continued the Battle of France. 


1971 Bangladesh atrocities

The 1971 Bangladesh atrocities refer to the murder of many people in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) by the Pakistan National Army (PNA) during the Bangladesh Liberation War that began on March 26, 1971 with Operation Searchlight.

In 1947, the United Kingdom split British India into two countries: India and Pakistan. The idea was that Hindus would live in India and Muslims would live in Pakistan. But it was not so simple. Because Hindus and Muslims lived in so many different places, East Pakistan and West Pakistan were about 1000 miles apart, with all of India in between them. Also, not all Muslims are the same. The East Pakistanis and West Pakistanis did not speak the same language and did not always like each other.

There were fewer West Pakistanis than East Pakistanis, but West Pakistanis controlled most of the government. After the Bhola Cyclone damaged East Pakistan, West Pakistan did not send enough help. Because of these things, East Pakistanis started to want to be a separate country from West Pakistan. The government in West Pakistan started Operation Searchlight to stop this separatist movement.

East Pakistan would later become Bangladesh. The people who lived there called themselves Bengalis. Some of the Bengalis were not Muslims but Hindus.

In 1970, Pakistan held its first general election. Before this, the military had limited voters' rights. The West Pakistanis voted for many different political parties, but most of the East Pakistanis voted for the same political party, called the Awami League. This meant the East Pakistani candidates would have a majority in Pakistan's assembly. This East Pakistani political party was led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.

General Yahya Khan, a West Pakistani and leader, did not want the East Pakistani candidates to run the country, so he declared martial law, meaning the army was in charge of the country. The East Pakistanis were angry. They did protests and riots in 1970 and 1971.

Khan and Mujibur met with each other to talk to try to solve the problems and stop the riots. It looked like they had made an agreement. But on March 25, 1971, Mujibur was arrested. Then, thousands of West Pakistani soldiers, 60,000 to 80,000 of them, began killing East Pakistanis. Bangladesh declared itself an independent country the next day.

West Pakistani soldiers killed Hindus, Bengali Muslims, smart people, students and politicians in order to kill them all. They went to schools and killed everybody there. The soldiers killed college professors at Dhaka University and other intellectual leaders because they thought they were the ones encouraging other East Pakistanis to want to be a separate country. They especially killed Hindu leaders. Then they killed young Hindu men because they thought young Hindu men would want to fight against them. A "TIME" magazine article said ""The Hindus are three-fourths of the refugees and most of the dead, have most disliked by the Muslim soldiers.""

More than 200,000 women were raped. Some of the women were raped in front of husbands or male relatives. Other women were captured to be slaves for the West Bengali soldiers.

Two Muslims called Al-Shams and Al-Badr were told by the Pakistanis to kill Bengali Hindus and traitory Bengali Muslims also. There are many graves with a lot of people in Bangladesh, and new graves with a lot of people are always being discovered.

A bad set of killings took place during Operation Searchlight, a series of killings which began on March 25, 1971 and ended on December 16, 1971 and led to death of 3 million Bengalis in East Pakistan (present day Bangladesh), and other things like rape and looting. Originally, the Pakistanis wanted to take over the big cities in Bangladesh and control everybody in one month. They did not expect that the Bengalis would fight back, which they did. Pakistanis got very angry and started to kill all the Bengalis.

Eventually, the Bengali freedom fighters under the Mukti Bahini would seek help from India to win against the Pakistanis. India sent its army in and fought the Pakistanis with the Bengalis until Pakistan was totally defeated and went away from Bangladesh on December 16, 1971.

People disagree about how many people died. According to the Heritage Foundation's Asian Studies Center, it could have been as few as 500,000 or as many as 3 million. It was during the Cold War and so different groups said more or fewer people had died depending on their own political ideas and goals. The Soviets, who supported Bangladesh, said that it was 3 million. The CIA said it was 200,000. Pakistan was then an ally of the United States, and the West Pakistani soldiers used weapons given by the Americans. India, which was also pro-Soviet, and Bangladesh state that nearly 3 million had been killed.

In 1997, R. J. Rummel wrote the book "Statistics of Democide: Genocide and Mass Murder Since 1900". In Chapter 8, "Statistics Of Pakistan's Democide - Estimates, Calculations, And Sources", he noted:

Rummel called it an act of killing specific groups of people: "Consolidating both ranges, I give a final estimate of Pakistan's democide to be 300,000 to 3,000,000, or a prudent 1,500,000."

Not everyone agrees that the atrocities were a genocide, as nationalist Bangladeshis call it. Islamic fundamentalists in Pakistan say that is "Bengali Lies." Bangladeshi authorities and some independent organizations say that one to three million people were killed. Another 10 million ran away from the country to be safe in the Indian province of West Bengal.

No people involved in the genocide were put on trial until 2011. Bangladesh's International Crimes Tribunals convicted 26 people for genocide and crimes against humanity. Some were executed, but international organizations stated that the accused had not been tried fairly.


Iwao Takamoto

Iwao Takamoto (29 April 1925 - 8 January 2007) was a Japanese-American animator, television producer, and film director. He was a production designer for Hanna-Barbera Productions and the artist/character designer of Scooby-Doo.

Iwao Takamoto's father moved from Hiroshima to the United States for his health. He only went back to Japan once, and that was to marry his wife. Iwao Takamoto was born on April 19 1925 in Los Angeles, California. After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, Iwao Takamoto's family, like many Japanese-Americans, had to move to an internment camp. They spent the rest of World War II in the Manzanar internment camp. While he was there, Iwao Takamoto received basic illustration training from other people in the camp.

Iwao Takamoto first started doing cartoons professionally after the end of the war. He was hired as an assistant animator by Walt Disney Studios in 1947. Iwao Takamoto eventually became an assistant animator for the legendary Milt Kahl. He worked as an animator on such titles as "Cinderella", "Sleeping Beauty", "One Hundred and One Dalmatians", and "Lady and the Tramp".

Takamoto left Disney in 1961 and joined Hanna-Barbera shortly afterwards. He did many jobs there, but is probably best known as a character designer. He was responsible for the original character designs of such characters as Scooby-Doo, "The Jetsons'" dog Astro, and Penelope Pitstop. He worked as a producer at Hanna-Barbera, supervising shows such as "The Addams Family", "Hong Kong Phooey", and "Jabberjaw". He directed several feature-length animated films, including "Charlotte's Web" (1973) and "Jetsons: The Movie" (1990). The inspiration for Scooby-Doo's creation as a Great Dane came from an employee of the Hanna-Barbera company who bred this dog.

Takamoto was Vice-President of Creative Design at Hanna-Barbera, and was responsible for overseeing Hanna-Barbera's product-related merchandising. In 2005, he received the Golden Award from the Animation Guild, to honor his more than 50 years of service in the animation field.

He died on January 8, 2007 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles from heart failure at age 81.

Mussel

Mussels are several families of bivalve molluscs. Mussels live in lakes, rivers, and creeks. They sometimes also live in intertidal areas along coastlines worldwide. The freshwater mussels (several allied families, the largest being the Unionidae) and saltwater mussels (family Mytilidae) are not closely related, despite the fact that they may look similar. They are grouped in different subclasses. The freshwater Zebra mussels and their relatives (family Dreissenidae) live attached to rocks in a manner similar to marine mussels, but are classified with the Heterodonta, the taxonomic group including most bivalves referred to as "clams".

From archeology, it is known that humans have been eating mussels for thousands of years. They can be cooked or eaten raw. Care must be taken however as mussels quickly become poisonous after they die.


Gastropoda

Gastropods, or "univalves", are the largest and most successful class of molluscs. 60,000–75,000 known living species belong to it. Most of are marine, but many live in freshwater or on land. Their fossil record goes back to the later Cambrian.

Slugs and snails, abalones, limpets, cowries, conches, top shells, whelks, and sea slugs are all gastropods. 
The gastropods are in origin sea-floor predators, though they did evolve into many other habitats. 

Many lines living today evolved in the Mesozoic era, taking advantage of the huge supply of food on the sea floor's continental shelves.

Snails have torsion, a process where the body coils to one side during development. The significance of this procedure is not yet clear.

They have a well-defined head with two or four sensory tentacles. They also have a head-foot, which it moves on. The eyes at the tip of the tentacles range from simple to more complex eyes.

Most members have a shell, which is in one piece and coiled or spiralled; it usually opens on the right hand side (viewed with the shell apex pointing up). Some species have an operculum, a lid or trapdoor to close the shell. In some, the slugs, the shell is absent, and the body is streamlined. The best-known gastropods are land slugs and snails, but more than half of all species live in a marine environment. Marine gastropods include herbivores, detritus feeders, carnivores and a few ciliary feeders, in which the radula is reduced or absent. The radula is usually adapted to the food that a species eats.

The simplest gastropods are the limpets and abalones, both herbivores that use their hard radulas to rasp at seaweeds on rocks. Many marine gastropods are burrowers and have siphons or tubes that extend from the mantle and sometimes the shell. These act as snorkels, enabling the animal to continue to draw in a water current containing oxygen and food into their bodies. The siphons are also used to detect prey from a distance. These gastropods breathe with gills. Some freshwater species and almost all terrestric species have developed lungs.

Gastropods from several different families are called sea slugs. They are often flamboyantly coloured. This may be either as a warning if they are poisonous or to camouflage them on the corals and seaweeds where many of them live. Their gills are often feathery plumes on their backs. This is what gives the name to the nudibranchs. Nudibranchs with smooth or warty backs have no visible gill mechanisms and respiration may take place directly through the skin. A few of the sea slugs are herbivores and some are carnivores. Many have distinct dietary preferences and regularly occur in association with certain species.

The taxonomy of the Gastropoda is under constant revision: two major revisions have been published in the last twenty years. There will certainly be other revisions using the data from DNA sequencing. At present, the taxonomy of the Gastropoda may differ from author to author.

According to modern cladism, the taxonomy of the Gastropoda should be written in terms of strictly monophyletic groups. That means only one lineage of gastropods in each group. It will be difficult to do this, and still have a practical taxonomy for working biologists. Classifying animals in practice means using morphology (what they look like). But there are differences between the older groupings got from morphology, and those based on genome sequences. Convergent evolution, which has occurred often in gastropods, may account for this.

This was the traditional classification into four subclasses:

The first gastropods were exclusively marine. The first of the group appeared in the Upper Cambrian ("Chippewaella", "Strepsodiscus"). By the Ordovician period the gastropods were a varied group present in a few aquatic habitats. Commonly, fossil gastropods from the rocks of the early Palaeozoic era are too poorly preserved for accurate identification. Still, the Silurian genus "Poleumita" contains fifteen identified species. Fossil gastropods are less common during the Palaeozoic era than bivalves.

Most of the gastropods of that era belong to primitive groups. A few of these groups still survive today. By the Carboniferous period many of the shapes seen in living gastropods can be matched in the fossil record. Despite these similarities in appearance, the majority of these older forms are not directly related to living forms. It was during the Mesozoic era that the ancestors of many of the living gastropods evolved. One of the earliest known terrestrial (land-dwelling) gastropods is "Maturipupa" which is found in the Coal measures of the Carboniferous period in Europe. In the case of the common fossil "Bellerophon", from Carboniferous limestones in Europe, it is not known whether it is a gastropod or not.

Relatives of the modern land snails are rare before the Cretaceous period. The familiar "Helix" first appeared in that period.

In rocks of the Mesozoic era gastropods are more common as fossils and their shell is often well preserved. Their fossils occur in beds of both freshwater and marine environments. The Purbeck Marble of the Jurassic period and the Sussex Marble of the early Cretaceous, which both occur in southern England, are limestones containing the tightly packed remains of the pond snail "Viviparus".

Rocks of the Cainozoic era have very large numbers of gastropod fossils in them. Many of these fossils are closely related to modern living forms. The diversity of the gastropods increased markedly at the beginning of this era, along with that of the bivalves.

Gastropods are one of the groups that record the changes in fauna caused by the advance and retreat of the ice sheets during the Pleistocene epoch.

These pages show the variety of gastropod forms:
abalone; 
conch; 
cowry; 
limpet; 
nudibranch; 
sea slug; 
slug; 
snail; 
whelk.


Limpet

The name Limpet is used for many marine and freshwater gastropod species which have a simple conical shell. The phrase "true limpets" is used only for marine limpets in the ancient clade Patellogastropoda. This article is mainly about the true limpets.

True limpets are small marine gastropod molluscs with flattened, cone-shaped shells. They live throughout the intertidal zone, attached to rocks or other hard ground. They attach themselves using mucus and a muscular "foot", which seals them against the rock and protects them from desiccation during low tide, and from high-energy waves action.

Limpets eat by grazing on algae found on rock surfaces. They scrape films of algae from the rock with a radula, a ribbon-like tongue with rows of teeth. Limpets move by rippling the muscles of their foot in a wave-like motion. Most limpets are less than 3in (8cm) long, but a West Mexican Limpet grows to be 8in (20 cm).

Some key-hole limpets have a hole at the top, through which gas exchange can occur (they are not true limpets).

There are many limpets in the Paleozoic fossil record, from the lower Cambrian, but none can be placed with certainty in the Patellogastropoda. Some might be Monoplacophorans, which is a separate mollusc class with a similar life-style. The earliest patellogastropod verified by shell microstructure is from the Triassic of Italy, but it is in the Upper Cretaceous and Cainozoic periods that many of the living forms make their first appearance.


The life-style of limpets is sessile: they stick fast to rocks or other hard substrates.
Some species of limpets return to the same spot on the rock known as a "home scar" just before the tide ebbs. It is thought that they follow chemical trails. In such species, the shape of their shell often grows to precisely match the contours of the rock surrounding the scar. This behaviour permits a better seal to the rock. It is thought that they follow a mucus trail left as they move.

Where the limpets eat the algae, off bare rocks, it causes places where other organisms can grow and thrive. Some species, such as "Lottia gigantea" "garden" a patch of algae around their home scar. They push other organisms out of this patch by ramming with their shell, allowing their patch of algae to grow for their own grazing.

Limpets are prey for starfish, shore-birds, fish, seals, and humans. They have a two main defences; fleeing (letting go in the water) or clamping their shells against the surface they are on. The defence response can be adjusted to the type of predator, which can often be detected chemically by the limpet.

Limpets can be long lived, with tagged specimens surviving for more than 10 years. If the limpet lives on bare rock, it grows at a slower rate but can live for up to 20 years.

Limpets found on sheltered shores (limpets that are less frequently in contact with wave action, and thus less frequently in contact with water) have a greater risk of desiccation because of the effects of sunlight, water evaporation and the wind. To avoid drying out they will clamp to the rock they inhabit, minimizing water-loss from the rim around their base. As this occurs chemicals are released that promote the vertical growth of the shell.

Limpets are hermaphrodites (producing both male and female reproductive cells) and undergo sex change during life. They become male at about 9 months, but after a couple of years they change sex to become female. Spawning occurs once a year, usually during winter, and is triggered by rough seas which disperse the eggs and sperm. Larvae are pelagic for a couple of weeks before settling onto a hard substrate.


Abalone

Abalone (from Spanish "Abulón") are shellfish, a genus of gastropods.

Abalone are known by their colorful "pearlescent" inside shell. This is also called ear-shell, "ormer" in Guernsey, "abalone" in South Africa, and "pāua" in New Zealand.

The meat of this shellfish is considered to be a delicacy in some parts of Latin America (especially Chile), South East Asia, and East Asia (especially in China, Japan, and Korea).

Abalones live all over the world. They can be seen along the waters of every continent, except the Atlantic coast of South America, the Caribbean, and the East Coast of the United States. Most abalones are found in cold waters, along the coasts of New Zealand, South Africa and Australia, and Western North America and Japan in the Northern Hemisphere. On the Chilean Pacific coast, the species called loco ("Concholepas concholepas") has a hard, black shell and is eaten by many people.

Abalone have unique features: the shell is round, with two to three spirals. The last spiral is grown into a large "ear"-like shape, which explains the name 'ear-shell'. The inside of the shell is shiny, from silvery white to green-red mother-of-pearl.

Abalones can start to give birth at a small size. Their fertility is high and increases with size (from 10,000 to 11 million eggs at a time).

Young abalones, called larvae, feed on plankton. The adults eat plants and feed on algae. They like to eat red algae. Their size can be as small as 20mm to as big as 200mm.

The shell of the abalone is known for being very strong. It is made of very tiny calcium carbonate tiles stacked like bricks. Between the layers of tiles is a sticky protein substance. Allergic skin reactions and asthma attacks can happen when breathing the dust made when these tiles are broken down.

The colorful inside part of the abalone shell can be used for decorative inlays, in guitars, for example.

Sport harvesting of red abalone is allowed with a California fishing license and an abalone stamp card. Abalone may only be taken using breath-hold techniques: freediving or shore picking. SCUBA diving for abalone is strictly not allowed. Abalone harvesting is not allowed south of the mouth of the San Francisco Bay. There is a size minimum of seven inches measured across the shell and a limit of three per day and 24 per year that can be taken. Abalone may only be taken in April, May, June, August, September, October, and November, but they may not be taken in July, December, January, February, or March. Transportation of abalone is only legal while the abalone is still attached to the shell. The sale of sport-caught abalone is illegal, including the shell. Only red abalone may be taken; black, white, pink, and flat abalone are protected by law.

Abalone divers normally wear a thick wetsuit, including a hood, booties, and gloves. They also wear a mask, snorkel, weight belt, abalone iron, and abalone gauge. It is common to take abalone in the water a few inches up to 10 m/28' deep. Fewer freedivers can work deeper than that. Abalone is usually found on rocks near food sources (kelp). An abalone iron is used to pry the abalone from the stone before it can fully clamp down. Visibility usually is five to ten feet. Divers commonly dive out of boats, kayaks, tube floats, or directly off the shore. An eight-inch abalone is considered a good catch, a nine-inch would be very good, and a ten-inch plus (250mm) abalone would be an excellent catch. Rock- or shore-picking is different from diving, where the rock picker feels below rocks during low tides for abalone.

There has been a trade-in diving to catch abalones off parts of the United States coast before 1939. In World War II, many of these abalone divers were recruited into the United States armed forces and trained as divers who can perform military combat and operations underwater. There are also known as frogman.

There is a worldwide black market in abalone meat collection and export. In New Zealand, where abalone is called pāua in the Māori language, this can be a particular problem. The right to harvest pāua can be granted legally under Māori customary rights. When such permits are overused, it is difficult to police. The legal daily limit is ten pāua per diver with a minimum shell length of 125 mm. Many Ministry of Fisheries officers strictly enforce the limit with the help of the police. Pāua' poaching' is a major industry in New Zealand, with many thousands of abalones being stolen, mostly undersized. Convictions have caused the removal of diving gear, boats, and motor vehicles, fines, and, in rare cases, imprisonment. The Ministry of Fisheries expects in the year 2004/05, nearly 1000 tons of pāua will be poached, with 75% of that being undersized.

Highly polished New Zealand pāua shells are extremely popular as gifts with their striking blue, green and purple iridescence. Transporting unprocessed abalone shells out of New Zealand is illegal.

The largest abalone in South Africa, "Haliotis midae," can be found along about two-thirds of the country's coastline. Abalone-diving has been a recreational activity for many years, but stocks are currently being threatened by illegal commercial harvesting.

Ormers ("Haliotis tuberculata") are considered a delicacy in the Channel Islands and are looked after with great eagerness by the locals. Unfortunately, this has led to a huge decrease in numbers since the second half of the 19th century, and 'ormering' is now strictly regulated to keep stocks. The taking of ormers is now restricted to many 'ormering tides,' from January 1 to April 30, which happen on the full or new moon two days after. No ormers may be taken from the beach under 8 cm in shell length. Gatherers are not allowed to wear wetsuits or even put their heads underwater. Any breach of these laws is illegal and can lead to a large fine. The demand for ormers is so big that it started the world's first underwater arrest when Mr. Kempthorne-Leigh of Guernsey was arrested by a police officer in full diving gear while illegally diving for ormers.

White Abalone is going extinct because of its delicious tender meat, jewelry, and beautiful shell.

There have been a number of attempts to artificially grow (farm) abalone for the purpose of consumption.


Shellfish

Shellfish is a culinary term for some aquatic invertebrates used as food: molluscs, crustaceans, and echinoderms. It is not a scientific term, and its use may vary from place to place.

Both saltwater and freshwater invertebrates are considered shellfish. Molluscs commonly used as food include the clam, mussel, oyster, winkle, and scallop.

Some crustaceans commonly eaten are the shrimp, prawn, lobster, crayfish, and crab.

Echinoderms are not eaten as commonly as molluscs and crustaceans. In Asia, sea cucumber and sea urchins are eaten.

Edible cephalopods such as squid, octopus, and cuttlefish and terrestrial snails, though all molluscs, are sometimes considered to be shellfish and sometimes not.

The term "finfish" is sometimes used to distinguish ordinary (vertebrate) fish from shellfish.

Jewish and Islamic dietary laws forbid the eating of shellfish (those that live on the land, and in the water).

In Japanese cuisine, chefs often use shellfish and their roe. Sushi and sashimi feature both raw and cooked shellfish.



Alban Berg

Alban Berg (born Vienna, 9 February 1885; died Vienna 24 December 1935) was an Austrian composer. Alban Berg and Anton Webern were both pupils of Arnold Schoenberg. All three composers in their own way changed the style of musical composition in the early 20th century. They grew up at a time when most composers were still writing Romantic music, but Schoenberg and his pupils started to write atonal music (music which is not in any key) and then twelve-tone music in which all 12 notes in an octave are of the same importance. Although Berg wrote a lot of twelve-tone music he still managed to make it sound quite Romantic at times, more so than Schoenberg or Webern. His most important works are his two operas "Wozzeck" and "Lulu" and his "Violin Concerto".

Berg was brought up in the centre of Vienna. His family had plenty of money, but when Berg’s father died in 1900 life became much harder for them. He did not do very well at school. He also had a love affair with a kitchenmaid, with whom he had a daughter.

He was interested in music, played the piano and had started to compose, but he had not done well enough in his school exams to get into the music conservatory. He was not interested in business like his father had been. He got an unpaid job. Then, in 1904, he started to study with Schoenberg. This was the first time he had been given proper music lessons. Two years later, his mother inherited some money, and Berg was then able to give up his unpaid job and concentrate on music.

Schoenberg taught him harmony, counterpoint and music theory, all the things one needs to know to compose well. Berg had lessons from him from 1904 until 1911. His first proper pieces include a Piano Sonata and a String quartet. Here he had already found the modern style which suited him. He wrote harmonies which seemed to float. He often wrote pieces with several movements which are all linked by a common theme. He also liked themes which are heard upside down, or palindromes, where the tune sounds the same forwards as backwards. He met a girl called Helene and they married in 1910.

Berg liked to listen to all kinds of music. In this way he was different to Schoenberg or Webern. Berg was interested in French composers such as Debussy, as well as jazz. He liked the modern theatre and the political works of the playwright Bertolt Brecht and the composer Kurt Weill. 

Berg was very grateful to Schoenberg for all that he had learned from him, but he still continued to be quite afraid of him. Schoenberg wrote many letters to him asking him to do things for him (e.g. making piano arrangements of his orchestral pieces) and often criticising him. Only in the 1920s, when Berg had become well-known, did Schoenberg start writing to him more like an equal friend.

Berg wrote "Five Orchestral Pieces". It is one of the first important works he wrote without Schoenberg’s help. The music has some modern chords which must have sounded very shocking to the Viennese audience. On 31 March 1913 Schoenberg conducted a concert in Vienna which included some songs by Berg. People in the audience started to fight and the police had to be called. When Schoenberg wrote to Berg criticising his music, Berg lost all his self-confidence. Slowly he started to get more confidence again. He wrote "Three Orchestral Pieces" op 6. The music sounds quite like Mahler. There are a lot of musical ideas which grow into one another and make a rich sound.

During World War I Berg spent some time in an army training camp. This experience must have been in his mind when he wrote his opera "Wozzeck". This opera became very famous. There were a lot of new ideas in it. It is not about a great hero, but about a simple man who is mistreated by people. The music, too, is very different from opera music up to that time. Although it was so modern it was a great success and made Berg world-famous. It gave him more money which, together with a little teaching, allowed him to spend most of his time composing.

"Wozzeck" has a little twelve tone music in it, but in his next works the twelve tone system is much more important. He wrote "Lyrical Suite" for String Quartet and a "Kammerkonzert" ("Chamber Concerto") in which the form is made up by mathematical rules. He liked to hide things in his music e.g. favourite numbers or letters from people’s names. These are like secret codes and, in later years, musicians have spent a lot of time trying to work out what Berg was trying to do.

In 1928 Berg started work on his second and last opera: "Lulu". He had thought about the opera for many years. He had seen a play called "Die Büchse des Pandora" "(Pandora’s Box)" in 1905. Wedekind had played the part of Jack the Ripper. People thought the play was obscene, but it still became very popular, especially after 1918 when there was no more censorship in Germany. He worked on the opera until 1934. He then stopped work on it to write his "Violin Concerto". When he heard about the sad death from poliomyelitis of a young girl he knew called Manon Gropius, he dedicated the concerto to her memory. He wrote: “To the memory of an angel”. Manon’s mother, Alma, had been the wife of Gustav Mahler.

Soon after he had finished the Violin Concerto, Berg was stung by an insect. This formed an abscess and he was rushed to hospital but he died. The concerto had not yet been performed. He had not finished "Lulu". The third act was only sketched in short score (showing the main notes, but not exactly what each instrument plays). When the opera was first performed, Act III was just acted out in mime while some other music by Berg was played. Berg’s widow Helene did not want anyone else to finish the opera, so Act III was never performed until after Helene died in 1976. It was finished by Friedrich Cerha and performed in 1977, although a court action had tried to stop it from being performed.


Herefordshire

Herefordshire (known as County of Herefordshire) is a county in the West Midlands region of England. It borders the English counties of Shropshire to the north, Worcestershire to the east, Gloucestershire to the south east and the Welsh counties of Gwent to the south west and Powys to the west. It is not to be confused with Hertfordshire, a county north of London.

It is pronounced (i.e. first syllable as in "herring", and -e- a separate syllable).

The county town of Herefordshire is the cathedral city of Hereford.

Historically, the Rivers Wye and Lugg were navigable but the wide seasonal variations in water levels mean that few craft larger than canoes and coracles are now used. There are canoe centres at The Boat House, Glasbury-on-Wye, the Hereford Youth Service and Kerne Bridge Ross-on-Wye, as well as a rowing club in Hereford.

The early nineteenth century saw the construction of two canals, The Hereford & Gloucester Canal and The Leominster & Stourport Canal but these were never successful and there are now few remains to be seen.


Conch

A conch is a sea-dwelling mollusc. It is a marine gastropod. The ch at the end of 'conch' may be pronounced hard or soft.

Many other gastropods have common names with "conch" in them. They are however not true conches, in the family 
Strombidae. One such example is the Horse Conch ("Pleuroploca gigantea"). The genus Strombus is made up of the true conches. 

While most Strombid species are extinct, at least 65 species still exist. Of these, most are in the Indo-Pacific Oceans while six are in the greater Caribbean region. Living true conch species include the Queen Conch, "Strombus gigas", and the West Indian Fighting Conch ("Strombus pugilis"). 

Many conch, such as the Queen Conch, are found among beds of sea grass in warm tropical waters.

"Strombus gigas" is included in Appendix II of the UNEP's CITES list of endangered species and international trade is heavily restricted.

Conches have spirally constructed shells. Depending on species (or aberrant growth patterns), shell growth can be sinistral (left-handed) or dextral (right-handed).

Conches have long eye stalks, a long and narrow aperture, and a siphonal canal with an indentation near the anterior end. This indentation is called a stromboid notch. They also have a foot ending in a pointed, sickle-shaped, horny operculum. They grow a flared lip on their shells upon reaching sexual maturity. 

Conches have a characteristic leaping motion, using their pointed, sickle-shaped, horny operculum to propel themselves forward. They lay eggs in long, gelatinous strands.

The animal inside the shell is eaten, either raw, as in salads, or cooked, as in fritters, chowders, gumbos, and burgers. In East Asian cuisines, the meat is often cut into thin slices and then steamed or stir-fried. Conch meat is also often confused with Scungilli, which is more accurately whelk meat.

Conch shells are sometimes used as decoration, as decorative planters, and in cameo-making. As with other mollusk shells, they are ground up into an ingredient in porcelain. In classic Mayan art, conches are shown being utilized in many ways including as paint and ink holders for elite scribes, as bugle or trumpet, and as hand weapons (held by combatants by inserting their hands in the aperture).

In some countries, cleaned Queen Conch ("Strombus gigas") shells or polished fragments are sold, mainly to tourists, as souvenirs or in jewelry. Without a permit however, export is a breach of CITES regulations and may lead to arrest . This is most likely to occur on return to the tourist's home country while clearing customs. In the UK conch shells are the 9th most seized import. 

Conch shells are occasionally used as a building material, either in place of bricks or as bulk for landfill.

It is also believed to be used as a weapon by the earliest Caribbean natives. 

Conch shells are sometimes made into crude bugles by removing the small tip of the shell to form a mouthpiece. Such instruments are used in the Pacific Islands as well as in many parts of Asia. While lacking the range capabilities and tonal quality of brass instruments, the conch shell is still an interesting instrument to play. As it has no mouthpiece or valves, the embouchure in shell playing is critical. Most shells will only naturally play one note, but with pitch manipulations, multiple sounds can be achieved. The insertion of the hand and the placement of the fingers will also change the pitch of the shell. The conch shell is said to be the musical instrument of mermaids and mermen. Steve Turre is the leading innovator of the shell. It is sometimes found in classical works, such as the symphony piece "La Noche de Los Mayas", or "Night of the Mayas", which was premiered in 1939 with Jacob Watkins on percussion and conch.

The conch shell is a major Hindu article of prayer, used as a trumpeting announcement of all sorts. The God of Preservation, Vishnu, is said to hold a special conch, Panchajanya, that represents life as it has come out of life-giving waters. In the story of Dhruva the divine conch plays a special part. The warriors of ancient India would blow conch shells to announce battle, such as is famously represented in the beginning of the war of Kurukshetra in the Mahabharata, the famous Hindu epic. The conch shell is a deep part of Hindu symbolic and religious tradition. To this very day, many Hindus use the conch as a part of their religious practices, blowing it during worship at specific points, accompanied by ceremonial bells.

See also: Krishna

Buddhism also has incorporated the conch into its symbolism. See: Buddhist symbolism.

William Golding's "Lord of the Flies" features frequent references to "The Conch". In the novel, a conch shell is blown to call the other boys together. It is held by whoever is speaking at meetings, symbolically representing democracy and order. When Roger, Jack's lieutenant, smashes the shell, it is a sign that civilized order has collapsed and Jack's domination has begun.

Gloucestershire

Gloucestershire (pronounced ; "GLOSS-ter-sher") is a county in South West England. The county includes part of the Cotswold Hills, part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn, and the entire Forest of Dean.

The county town is Gloucester, and other principal towns include Cheltenham, Stroud, Cirencester, and Tewkesbury.

Gloucestershire borders the county of Gwent in Wales, and in England the counties of Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Warwickshire, Oxfordshire, Wiltshire, Somerset and Bristol.

This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Gloucestershire at current basic prices published (pp.240-253) by "Office for National Statistics" with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling.


Cowry

Cowry shells (or cowrie), are marine snails of the family Cypraeidae.

They are found chiefly in tropical regions. There are about 200 different species of cowry.

The shell itself is almost always very smooth and shiny. They have with a long, narrow, slit-like opening. All varieties have a porcelain-like shine and many have colorful patterns. In life the shell is covered by the slippery mantle.

Shell sizes range from 5 mm (1/5") for some tropical species to 15 cm (6") for the tiger cowry, "Cypraea tigris".

The slippery shell is very difficult for most animals to grip. The very narrow toothed aperture of the cowry shell makes it difficult for predators to reach into. However cowries are still vulnerable to predation:


For nearly 200 years, every species in the family Cypraeidae was placed in one genus, "Cypraea", but in 2002 the cowries were divided into many different genera.

Cowries (esp. "Cypraea moneta") were used as a currency in Africa (Ghanaian cedi in Ghana named after cowry shells) and elsewhere, such as in China where the shell or copies of the shell were in theory used as a means of exchange. They are also worn as jewelry or otherwise used as ornaments or charms, as they are viewed as symbols of womanhood, fertility, birth and wealth. Many find the shiny, porcelain-like shells pleasing to look at.

Cowry shells are sometimes used in a way similar to dice, e.g., in board games like Pachisi, or in divination (cf. Ifá and the annual customs of Dahomey).
A number of shells (6 or 7 in Pachisi) are thrown, with those landing aperture upwards indicating the actual number rolled.

Cowries have also been used in the recent past as a frame over which sock heels were stretched for darning. The cowry ridges allowed the needle to get under the cloth more easily.

The Ojibway aboriginal people in North America used the cowry shells in ceremonies, and the Whiteshell Provincial Park in Manitoba, Canada is named after this type of shell. There is some debate about how they traded for or found these shells so far inland, away from the natural sources. Oral stories and birch bark scrolls seem to indicate that they were found in the ground, and/or washed up on the shores of lakes or rivers. The cowry shells so far inland may indicate the use of them by an earlier tribe or group in the area, and an extensive trade network in the ancient past.

The typewritten postage stamps of 1895 Uganda also are called "Cowries".


Wiltshire

Wiltshire (short: "Wilts") is an English county. It borders the counties of Hampshire, Dorset, Somerset, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire, and contains the unitary authority of Swindon. The county town is Trowbridge, in the west of the county at . The county covers 858,931 acres (3476 km²)

Notable towns and cities in Wiltshire are:

A full list of settlements is at List of places in Wiltshire.

Notable places of interest in Wiltshire are:

Notable areas of countryside in Wiltshire are:

Notable routes through Wiltshire are:

Wiltshire is "Mid-Wessex" in the novels of Thomas Hardy

<br>


West Midlands (county)

The County of West Midlands is a metropolitan county in western central England with a population of around 2,600,000 people. The county contains three major cities, these being Birmingham, Coventry and Wolverhampton. Other large settlements in the county include Sutton Coldfield, Solihull, and the Black Country towns of Dudley, Walsall and West Bromwich.

The name "West Midlands" is also used for the much larger West Midlands region, which sometimes causes confusion.

The West Midlands borders the counties of Warwickshire to the east, Worcestershire to the south, and Staffordshire to the north.

The West Midlands is one of the most heavily urbanised counties in the UK. Birmingham, Wolverhampton, the Black Country and Solihull together form the largest conurbation in the UK outside London, with a combined population of around 2.27 million.

The West Midlands is not entirely urban; Coventry is separated from the Birmingham urban area, by stretch of green belt land roughly 15 miles across known as the "Meriden Gap", which retains a strongly rural character.

A smaller piece of green belt between Birmingham, Walsall and West Bromwich includes Barr Beacon and the Sandwell Valley.



The West Midlands contains 6 universities;

Though Warwick and Birmingham are considered the most prestigious of the universities in the area, all have a large intake of students from around the country.


Conurbation

A conurbation is an urban area that includes a number of cities, towns and villages which, through population growth and expansion, have physically merged to form one continuous built up area. It is a sort of agglomeration.

A metropolitan area usually combines one or several conurbations.

Dunkirk

Dunkirk (, pronounced or ; ) is a harbour city in the northernmost part of France, 10 km (6 mi) from the Belgian border.
The population of the whole metropolitan area was of 265,974 at the 1999 census. 

Until the middle of the 20th century the city was in the Dutch language area; today the local Dutch dialect still can be heard but has largely given way to French.

Dunkirk was first mentioned in 1067 as "Dunkerk" (). 

In World War II, heavy fighting took place around Dunkirk during the German invasion in 1940 (Battle of Dunkirk), but a lull in the action unexpectedly allowed a large number of French and British soldiers to escape to England. The British evacuation of Dunkirk through the English Channel was codenamed "Operation Dynamo". 
During the war, Dunkirk was largely destroyed by bombing.

On 14 December 2002, the Norwegian auto carrier "Tricolor" collided with the Bahamian-registered "Kariba" and sank off Dunkirk harbour, causing a hazard to navigation in the English Channel.

Since 9 December 2010, the former communes of Fort-Mardyck and Saint-Pol-sur-Mer were merged into the commune of Dunkirk.

Dunkirk has the third largest harbour in France, after those of Le Havre and Marseille. It is also an industrial city, heavily dependent on the steel, food processing, oil refining, ship building and chemical industries.


Dunkirk has a ferry connection with Dover in England.

Dunkirk is twinned with:

Dunkirk has cooperation agreements with:


Limburg-Weilburg

Limburg-Weilburg is a Landkreis (rural district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.
1867 the "Oberlahnkreis" with the capital Weilburg was created. In 1886 "Limburg an der Lahn" district was set up, with the capital Limburg. In 1974 both districts were joined together.

The district is located between the two mountain areas Westerwald and Taunus. The main river is the Lahn.


Elz, Hesse

Elz is a municipality and a village in Hessen, Germany. It is part of the Landkreis Limburg-Weilburg. It is along the river Lahn. It has 8,088 inhabitants (2004).

The elevation is between 110m and 291m above sea level. Elz is in a valley called "Limburger Becken", which surrounds the town of Limburg. Elz is also in the valley of the "Elbbach", which flows into the river Lahn after passing Elz.
The municipality of Elz borders the municipalities of Hundsangen, Hambach, Görgeshausen, Niedererbach, Obererbach and the towns of Hadamar and Limburg.
The municipality of Elz consists of two villages: The village of Elz (7,743 inhabitants) and the village of Malmeneich (345 inhabitants).
Average temperatures are 10.5 °C in Elz and 9.9 °C in Malmeneich. Though this sounds quite moderate, temperatures can vary between -20 °C in winter and 40 °C in summer. In an average year there are 600mm of rain in Elz and 720mm in Malmeneich.

Elz was first mentioned in a document from 933 AD, which does not exist any more. Political importance resulted from its position at the Hohe Straße, the former most important road between Frankfurt am Main and Cologne, which still exists and is now part of the "Bundesstraße 8", which can be translated with Interstate 8.
Elz got the town privileges in 1442. Soon a wall around the town was constructed but knocked down later.

The council consists of 31 members. 19 members are from the Christian Democrats, seven are from the Social Democratic Party, four from the Free Voters' Community and one is from the Green Party. The mayor Horst Kaiser is a Christian Democrat and was elected in 2005 with 84.8% of all votes.

In Elz thaere are more than 600 businesses with much more than 2,000 jobs. The industrial area is at the B8 between Elz and Malmeneich.

Elz is not only at the B8,which goes from the Dutch border to Passau, but also at the Autobahn 3, which connects Würzburg,Frankfurt am Main and Cologne.

In Elz there is a big outdoor swimming pool, two gyms, several sport and tennis fields and two old people's homes.

There are three kindergartens, two primary schools and one "Haupt- und Realschule" (part of the German secondary education).


Cephalopod

The Cephalopoda (Greek meaning "head-foot") is an important mollusc class. They have bilateral symmetry, a head, and arms or tentacles. Teuthology, a branch of malacology, is the study of cephalopods.

The class has two living subclasses. In the Coleoidea, the mollusc shell has become smaller, or is not there at all; this subclass has the octopus, squid, and cuttlefish. The "Nautiloidea" have a shell; "Nautilus" is its only living genus.

There are at least 800 different living species of Cephalopods. Two important extinct taxa are the ammonites, and the belemnites (order "Belemnoidea", of class Coleoidea). Cephalopods are found in all the oceans of the world and at all pelagic levels. None of them can live in freshwater (water with no salt in it), but a few species live in brackish (partly salty) water.


There are still discoveries of new species of cephalopods:

There are many more fossil species. It is thought there are around 11,000 extinct taxa.

Cephalopods are the most intelligent invertebrates and have good senses and large brains. The nervous system of cephalopods is the most complex of the invertebrates, and their brain to body mass ratio falls between that of warm and cold blooded vertebrates. The giant nerve fibers of the cephalopod mantle have been a favourite experimental material for many years; their large diameter makes them easier to study.

Most cephalopods have chromatophores – that is, cells with different colours – which they can use in a number of surprising ways. As well as blending with their background, some cephalopods bioluminesce, shining light downwards to hide their shadows from any attackers. The bioluminescence is made by bacterial symbionts; the host cephalopod is able to find the light made by these animals. Bioluminescence may also be used to attract prey, and some species use colourful shows to get mates, amaze predators, or even signal to one another.

Colouration can be changed in milliseconds as they adjust to their environment, and the pigment cells can expand or contract. Rapid colour change is usually more common in near-shore species than those living in the open ocean. Those in open ocean mostly use camouflage to make their body outline less easy to see.

Evidence of original colouration has been found in cephalopod fossils as far back as the Silurian; certain straight-shelled species had lines round their shell, which are thought to have used as camouflage of their body outline. Devonian cephalopods bear more complex colour patterns, whose function may be more complex.

Cephalopods usually move by jet propulsion (squirting water). This uses a lot of energy to travel compared to the tail propulsion used by fish. They use jet propulsion because they do not have fins or flippers. The efficiency of jet propulsion goes down with larger animals. This is probably the reason why many species use their fins or arms for moving if possible.

Oxygenated water is taken into the mantle cavity to the gills. By contracting the mantle's muscles, the water is pushed out through the siphon, made by a fold in the mantle. Motion of the cephalopods is usually backward as water is forced out forwards, but the siphon can be pointed in different directions. Some cephalopods can adjust their body shape to move through the water more easily.

Some octopus species are also able to walk along the sea bed. Squids and cuttlefish can move short distances in any direction by moving a flap of muscle around the mantle.

With the exception of the Nautilidae and the species of octopus of the suborder Cirrina, all known cephalopods have an ink sac, which can be used to push out a cloud of dark ink to confuse predators.

Like most molluscs, cephalopods use haemocyanin, a copper-containing protein, rather than haemoglobin to transport oxygen. As a result, their blood is colourless when deoxygenated and turns blue when placed in air.

With a few exceptions, Coleoideans live short lives with fast growth. Most of the energy from their food is used for growing. The penis in most male Coleoidea is a long and muscular end of the vas deferens (tube for sperms) used to transfer spermatophores (sperm packages) to a modified arm called a hectocotylus. That in turn is used to transport the spermatophores to the female. In species where the hectocotylus is missing, the penis is long and able to extend beyond the mantle cavity and transfers the spermatophores directly to the female. The females lay many small eggs in one batch, and die afterwards. The Nautiloidea, on the other hand make a few large eggs in each batch, and live for a long time.

The class developed during the late Cambrian and were the most common and varied marine life forms during the Palaeozoic and Mesozoic eras. "Tommotia", an early cephalopod, had squid-like tentacles but also a snail-like foot it used to move across the sea floor. Early cephalopods were at the top of the food chain.

The old (cohort Belemnoidea) and modern (cohort Neocoleoidea) coleoids, as well as the ammonoids, all diverged (evolved away) from the external shelled nautiloids during the middle Paleozoic Era, between 450 and 300 million years ago. Most ancient varieties had protective shells. These shells at first were conical but later developed into the curved shapes seen in modern nautilus species. Shells inside the body still exist in many living cephalopod groups, such as cuttlefish. The most famous group with external shells, the ammonites, became extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period.



Cuttlefish

Cuttlefish are marine Cephalopod molluscs. They belong to the same class as squid, octopodes and the nautilus.

Cuttlefish have an internal shell (called a cuttlebone), large eyes, and eight arms and two tentacles furnished with finely toothed suckers, with which they grab their prey.

Cuttlefish eat small molluscs, crabs, shrimp, fish and other cuttlefish. Various sharks and fish prey on them. They live about 1 to 2 years.

Cuttlefish have an internal cuttlebone, made of calcium carbonate. It is porous, full of small holes, The buoyancy of the cuttlebone can change, allowing the cuttlefish to go lower or higher by changing the amount of gas and liquid in its chambers. The cuttlebone of each species has a distinct shape, size, and pattern of ridges or texture. Cuttlebones are used by jewellers and silversmiths as moulds for casting small objects. They are probably better known today as the material given to pet birds as a source of calcium. The cuttlebone is only found in cuttlefish, and is one of the features that makes them different from squid and other molluscs.

Cuttlefish are sometimes called the chameleon of the sea because they are able to change their skin color. Their skin can flash a colorful pattern in order to communicate with other cuttlefish and to camouflage them from predators. This color-changing function is produced by groups of red, yellow, brown, and black pigmented chromatophores above a layer of reflective iridophores and leucophores. These are all in the cuttlefish's skin, and work together to change its colour. There are up to 200 of these special pigment cells per square millimeter.

The pigmented chromatophores have a sac of pigment and a large membrane that is folded when retracted. There are 6-20 small muscle cells on the sides which can contract to squash the elastic sac into a disc against the skin.

Iridophores are plates of chitin or protein, which can reflect light. They are responsible for the metallic blues, greens, golds, and silvers often seen on cuttlefish. All of these cells can be used in combinations. As well as being able to influence the colour of the light that reflects off their skin, cuttlefish can also affect the light's polarization, which can be used to signal to other animals which sense polarization.

Cuttlefish eyes are among the most developed in the animal kingdom. The way cephalopod eyes develop is fundamentally different from that of vertebrates like humans, but the way they work is rather similar. The similarity between cephalopod and vertebrate eyes is an examples of convergent evolution. Although they cannot see color, they can perceive the polarization of light, which improves their ability to see contrast. They have two spots of concentrated sensor cells on their retina (known as fovea), one to look more forward, and one to look more backwards. The lenses, instead of being reshaped as they are in humans, are instead pulled around by reshaping the entire eye in order to change focus.

The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein haemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein haemoglobin that is found in vertebrates. This is similar to the blood of arthropods. Haemocyanin is not as good at carrying oxygen as haemoglobin. The blood is pumped by three separate 'hearts'. Two of these are used for pumping blood to the cuttlefish's pair of gills (one heart for each gill), and the third for pumping blood around the rest of the body.

Cuttlefish have inks like squid and octopuses. As with squid, the ink is a defensive tool, squirted out to cover its retreat in the case of danger. This ink was formerly an important dye, called sepia. Today artificial (not natural) dyes have replaced natural sepia.

Cuttlefish are caught for food in Mediterranean, and East Asian cultures. Although squid is more popular as a restaurant dish all over the world, in East Asia dried cuttlefish is highly popular.

Cuttlefish is popular in Italy and Croatia, where it is used in "Risotto Nero". "Nero" means 'black', which is the colour the rice turns because of the cuttlefish ink. Spanish cuisine often uses cuttlefish and squid ink for cooking due to the marine flavor and smoothness that it provides to the meals and it is included in dishes such as rice, pasta and fish stews.

Cuttlefish made their most important literary appearance in the title of Eugenio Montale's collection of poetry called Cuttlefish Bones ("Ossi di seppia"), published in Turin in 1925. Montale was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1975.

There are over 120 species of living cuttlefish, in 5 genera. Sepiadariidae contains seven species and two genera; all the rest are in the Sepiidae.



Nautilus

Nautilus is the common name for cephalopods of the family Nautilidae. They are the only living members of the subclass Nautiloidea. In appearance, they have not changed much in millions of years. The term "chambered nautilus" is also used for any species of the Nautilidae.

Many biologists see them as 'living fossils', because they are the only living descendents of the group which gave rise to the ammonites in the Palaeozoic era.

Today, there are six living species in two genera. The species "Nautilus pompilius", from Western Australia is the largest and best known. It get up to 27 cm in diameter. However, most other nautiluses never exceed 20 cm. The Bellybutton nautilus, "Nautilus macromphalus", is the smallest species, usually measuring only 16 cm.

The radula is wide and has exactly nine teeth. There are two pairs of gills.

Nautiluses are the only cephalopods who have an external shell. This is an ancestral or basal, feature. The animal can withdraw completely into its shell. It can the close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles. The shell is coiled and calcareous, with mother-of-pearl lining. It is pressure resistant, but will implode at a depth of about 800 m. The nautilus shell is made of two layers: the outer layer is a dull white, while the inner layer is a striking white with iridescence. The innermost portion of the shell is pearlescent, blue-gray. A osmena pearl is not a pearl, but a jewellery product got from this part of the shell.

The shell is internally divided into chambers. All the walls between chambers ('septa') are pierced in the middle by a duct, the siphuncle. Through this the animal can change the air pressure in the chambers. As the nautilus matures its body moves forward, sealing each chamber in turn with a new "septum" (wall). The last fully open chamber, the largest one, is used as the living chamber. The number of chambers increases from around four at the moment of hatching to thirty or more in adults.

The shell colour keeps the animal hidden in the water. When seen from the top, the shell is darker in color and marked with irregular stripes, which makes it blend into the darkness of the water below. The underside is almost completely white, making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the ocean surface. This mode of camouflage is called "countershading".

The nautilus shell is one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral.

In order to swim, the nautilus draws water into and out of the living chamber and makes use of jet propulsion. When water is inside the chamber, the siphuncle extracts salt from it and diffuses it into the blood. When water is pumped out, the animal adjusts its buoyancy with the gas contained in the chamber. Buoyancy can be controlled by the pumping of gas and fluid into or from the chambers using the siphuncle. The control of buoyancy like this limits the nautilus; they cannot operate under extreme pressure.

In the wild, nautilus usually lives in depths of about 300 m, rising to around 100 m at night for feeding, mating and egg laying. The shell of the nautilus cannot withstand depths greater than approximately 800 m.

Nautiluses are predators and feed mainly on shrimp, small fish and crustaceans, which are captured by the tentacles. However, due to the very little energy they devote to swimming, they need only eat once a month. Unlike other cephalopods, they do not have good vision; their eye structure is highly developed but lacks a solid lens. They have a simple "pinhole" lens through which water can pass. Instead of vision, the animal is thought to use olfaction as the primary sensory means during foraging, locating or identifying potential mates.

Fossil records indicate that nautiloids have not changed much (at least in their body form) for the last 500 million years. Nautiloids were much more common and varied 200 million years ago. Many of the early ones were straight-shelled, as in the extinct genus "Lituites". They developed in the Cambrian and became a significant sea predator in the Ordovician period. Some species reached over 2.5 meters in size. The other cephalopod subclass, Coleoidea, diverged from the Nautilidae long ago and the nautilus has remained relatively unchanged since. Extinct relatives of the nautilus include ammonites, which were very important for many millions of years. Other groups were the baculites and goniatites.

Nautiluses are sexually dimorphic and reproduce by laying eggs. Attached to rocks in shallow waters, the eggs take twelve months to develop before hatching out at around 30 mm long. Females spawn once per year and regenerate their gonads, making nautiluses the only cephalopods to repeat reproduction. The lifespan of nautiluses is about 20 years, which is exceptionally long for a cephalopod.

Nautiluses are only found in the tropical Indian and Pacific Oceans, from 30° N to 30° S latitude and 90° to 185° W longitude. They live on the deep slopes of coral reefs.




Logarithmic spiral

A logarithmic spiral, equiangular spiral or growth spiral is a special kind of spiral curve which often appears in nature. The logarithmic spiral was first described by Descartes and later extensively investigated by Jakob Bernoulli, who called it "Spira mirabilis", "the marvelous spiral".

In polar coordinates ("r", θ) the curve can be written as

or

hence the name "logarithmic". In parametric form, the curve is

with real numbers "a" and "b".

The spiral has the property that the angle ɸ between the tangent and radial line at the point ("r",θ) is constant. This property can be expressed in differential geometric terms as

The derivative r'(θ) is proportional to the parameter "b". In other words, it controls how "tightly" and in which direction the spiral spirals. In the extreme case that "b" = 0 ("ɸ" = π/2) the spiral becomes a circle of radius "a". Conversely, in the limit that "b" approaches infinity ("ɸ" → 0) the spiral tends toward a straight line. The complement of ɸ is called the "pitch".

Spira mirabilis, Latin for "miraculous spiral", is another name for the logarithmic spiral. While this curve had already been named by other mathematicians, the name "miraculous" or "marvelous" spiral was given to this curve by Jakob Bernoulli, because he was fascinated by one of its unique mathematical properties: the size of the spiral increases, but the shape stays the same with each added curve. Maybe because of this property, the spira mirabilis has evolved in nature, seen in some living beings, such as nautilus shells and sunflower heads. Jakob Bernoulli wanted the shape on his headstone, but, by error, an Archimedean spiral was placed there instead.

The logarithmic spiral can be distinguished from the Archimedean spiral by the fact that the distances between the turnings of a logarithmic spiral increase in geometric progression, while in an Archimedean spiral these distances are constant.

Logarithmic spirals are self-similar in that they are self-congruent under all similarity transformations (scaling them gives the same result as rotating them). Scaling by a factor formula_6 gives the same as the original, without rotation. They are also congruent to their own involutes, evolutes, and the pedal curves based on their centers.

Starting at a point "P" and moving inwards along the spiral, one has to circle the origin infinitely often before reaching it; yet, the total distance covered on this path is finite. This was first realized by Evangelista Torricelli even before calculus had been invented. The total distance covered is "r"/cos(α), where "r" is the straight-line distance from "P" to the origin.

One can construct approximate logarithmic spirals with pitch about 17.03239 degrees using Fibonacci numbers or the golden ratio as is explained in those articles. Similarly, the exponential function exactly maps all lines not parallel with the real or imaginary axis in the complex plane, to all logarithmic spirals in the complex plane with centre at 0. (Up to adding integer multiples of 2π"i" to the lines, the mapping of all lines to all logarithmic spirals is onto.) The pitch angle of the logarithmic spiral is the angle between the line and the imaginary axis.

In several natural phenomena one may find curves that are close to being logarithmic spirals. Here follows some examples and reasons:









Small white

The small white ("Pieris rapae") is a small to mid-sized butterfly of the 'yellows' & 'whites' Pieridae family. It is also commonly known as the small cabbage white or just the cabbage white.

It is common across Europe, North Africa and Asia and has also been accidentally introduced to North America, Australia and New Zealand where they have become pests on cultivated cabbages and other mustard family crops.

It looks like a smaller version of the Large White. The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings. Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings. Its underwings are yellowish with black . 
<br>

Like its close relative the large white this is a strong flyer and the British population is increased by continental immigrants in most years. Like other 'white' butterflies it hibernates as a pupa. Like the large white, it is sometimes known as the cabbage white' or cabbage butterfly.

It has two flight periods, April–May and July–August. 

Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages. . It also lays eggs on wild members of the cabbage family such as the charlock "Sinapis arvensis" and hedge mustard "Sisybrium officinale". The eggs are laid singly on foodplant leaves.

Known in the United States as "imported cabbage worms", the caterpillars are green and well camouflaged. Unlike the large white they do not store the mustard oils from their foodplants and so are not distastful to predators like birds.


Argonauta

Argonauta, the argonauts, is the only living genus in the Argonautidae family. They are a group of pelagic octopods.

They are also called paper nautiluses, because of the paper-thin eggcase that females make. This structure does not have the gas-filled chambers of nautilus shells, and is not a true cephalopod shell. It is an evolutionary innovation unique to the genus "Argonauta".

Argonauts are found in tropical and subtropical waters worldwide: they live in open ocean. Like most octopods, they have a rounded body, eight arms and no fins. However, unlike octopuses, argonauts live close to the sea surface rather than on the seabed. "Argonauta" species have very large eyes and small distal webs. They have a mantle-funnel locking apparatus, which is a way to identify the genus. It consists of knob-like cartilages in the mantle and corresponding depressions in the funnel. Unlike the closely related genera "Ocythoe" and "Tremoctopus", "Argonauta" species lack water pores.

In Argonauts, males and females are quite different in size and lifespan. Females grow up to 10 cm and make shells up to 30 cm, while males rarely grow larger than 2 cm. The males only mate once in their short lifetime, but the females can get pregnant repeatedly. The females have been known since ancient times while the males were only described in the late 19th Century. The males use a modified arm, the hectocotylus, to transfer sperm to the female. For fertilization, the arm is inserted into the female's pallial cavity, then is detached from the male.

The hectocotylus was originally described as a parasitic worm. The hectocotyl arm and its correct function were described by Aristotle. His account was disbelieved for over 2000 years, but was rediscovered in the early 19th century.

Female argonauts make a laterally compressed, calcareous eggcase in which they live. The eggcase curiously resembles the shells of extinct ammonites. It is secreted by the tips of the female's two greatly expanded dorsal tentacles (third left arms) before egg laying. After she deposits her eggs in the floating eggcase, the female herself takes shelter in it, often along with the male's detached hectocotylus. She is usually found with her head and tentacles protruding from the opening, but she retreats deeper inside if disturbed.

These ornate, curved white eggcases are occasionally found floating on the sea surface, sometimes with the female argonaut still clinging to it. It is made of calcite, with a 3-layered structure The argonauts may have evolved to use ammonite shells for their egg laying, eventually becoming able to mend the shells and perhaps even make their own.

The egg case also contains a bubble of gas used for buoyancy similar to shelled cephalopods, although it does not have chambers as seen in other shelled cephalopods.

"Argonauta argo" is the largest species in the genus and also produces the largest eggcase, which may reach a length of 300 mm. The smallest species is "Argonauta bottgeri", with a maximum recorded size of 67 mm.

The beaks of "Argonauta" species are distinctive. They are characterised by a very small rostrum and a fold that runs to the lower edge or near the free corner. The rostrum is 'pinched in' at the sides. This makes it much narrower than in other octopuses, with the exception of the closely allied monotypic genera "Ocythoe" and "Vitreledonella". Argonaut beaks are most similar to those of "Ocythoe tuberculata" and "Vitreledonella richardi". They differ in 'leaning back' to a greater degree than the former and because they have a more curved jaw angle than the latter.

Feeding mostly occurs during the day. Argonauts use tentacles to grab prey and drag it toward the mouth. It then bites the prey to inject it with poison from the salivary gland. They feed on small crustaceans, molluscs, but also jellyfish and salps. If the prey is shelled, the argonaut uses its radula to drill into the organism, then inject the poison.

Argonauts are capable of changing their color. They can blend in with their surroundings to avoid predators. They also produce ink, which is ejected when the animal is being attacked. This ink paralyzes the olfaction of the attacker, providing time for the argonaut to escape. The female is also able to pull back the web covering of her shell, making a silvery flash, which may deter a predator from attacking.

Argonauts are preyed upon by tunas, billfishes, and dolphins. Shells and remains of argonauts have been recorded from the stomachs of "Alepisaurus ferox" and "Coryphaena hippurus".

Male argonauts have been seen living inside salps, which are planktonic tunicates. Little is known about this relationship.

The genus "Argonauta" contains up to seven existing species. Several extinct species are also known.

The extinct species "Obinautilus awaensis" was originally assigned to "Argonauta", but has since been transferred to the genus "Obinautilus".


Protection

Protection means when any group of people or things try to defend the people or things that they care about (so that they would not get hurt). Protection can also mean other things, for example:


Minor

Minor can mean:


Camouflage

Camouflage is a visual disguise. Without it, an animal would be recognised easily. If the natural color of an animal makes it look like its surroundings, that is camouflage. One example is a tiger's stripes in the long grass.

Camouflage is a form of deception. The word camouflage comes from the French word "camoufler," which means "to disguise".

In nature, most animals blend into their environment or conceal their shape. They are very hard to see. This way they survive, and if they survive, then they can reproduce. There are exceptions: animals which are dangerous to eat (e.g. wasps) advertise with warning coloration.

Prey animals hide from predators. Predators must search for prey without being seen. Natural camouflage is one way to do this: an animal can blend in with its surroundings. Another way is for the animal to disguise itself as something harmless.

Some camouflaged animals also copy movements in nature, e.g., of a leaf blowing in the wind. Other animals attach natural materials to their body for concealment. A few animals change color in changing environments. Seasonally: (many Arctic animals, such as the arctic fox, or arctic hare). Or quickly, like the chameleon and the cuttlefish. Some herd animals, like zebra, have a pattern which makes it difficult for the predator when they are running.

Mimicry is a special kind of camouflage, where an animal or plant looks like another, usually one which is unpleasant to eat or dangerous.

Most animals are dark on top and light underneath. With light coming from the sky, this "countershading" makes them less visible. That this is the correct explanation is proved by cases where the animal lives upside down. A famous example is the Nile catfish, which swims belly uppermost. In this case, the belly is dark, and the back is light in color.

Transparent or partly transparent animals are common in the pelagic layer of the sea. These are the layers into which light penetrates. The effect of transparency or silvering works is better under water than above it. This is because the amount of light which penetrates is less and less as the depth increases. Also, the proportion of the light reflected is much less under water (0.001–0.6%) than in air (2–5%).




Extant

In biology, an extant group is one which has survived to the present day, and so it is a living group. This distinguishes it from an extinct group.

The term 'extant' can also be used to describe species or higher groups (such as genera or families) which are still in existence (living).

Example: in the group of molluscs known as the cephalopods, there are about 600 extant species and 7500 extinct species.

Echinoderm

Echinoderms are a successful phylum of marine animals. They include sea stars, brittle stars, sea urchins, sea cucumbers and their relatives.

Echinoderms have these features:

Echinoderms live in all parts of the ocean, but mostly on the sea floor. Some are filter feeders, and others (starfish) are important predators of molluscs and other shell-fish. They are extremely common near the shore, and on reefs.

They have a long and abundant fossil record. This phylum appeared in the early Cambrian period; it contains about 7,000 living and 13,000 extinct species. The four or five main groups are called sub-phyla by some authorities, and classes by others.

Echinodermata is the largest animal phylum which is entirely marine: no animals in this group live on land or in fresh or brackish water.


For many purposes it is better to use the following classification. It is easier to learn and understand, and is based more on the living forms.


Only with the crinoids is it necessary to deal with the fossil forms, because the stalked crinoids were so important on the Palaeozoic sea floors.

All echinoderms have fivefold radial symmetry in their body at some stage of life. The holothurians have bilateral symmetry as adults, and do not have so much of a skeleton as other groups.

Echinoderms have a hydraulic water vascular system. This network of fluid-filled canals moves and feeds the animal, and allows gas exchange. There is also a complete digestive tube. They have a simple radial nervous system that consists of a modified nerve net. There are nerve rings with radiating nerves around the mouth extending into each arm. The branches of these nerves coordinate the movements of the animal. Echinoderms have no brain, although some do have ganglia. They usually move with their tube feet, but brittle stars use their arms to pull against rocks. Some feather stars and sea cucumbers can swim.

The sexes are usually separate. Sexual reproduction typically consists of releasing eggs and sperm into the water, with fertilization taking place externally. Their larvae are planktonic.

Many echinoderms have remarkable powers of regeneration. A starfish arm cut off will regenerate. A section as small as a single arm, with some central disk and neural tissue, can regenerate the whole organism.

Most of the adults have radial symmetry. If they are not sessile or attached, they are at least benthic (bottom-dwellers). In contrast, echinoderm larvae are planktonic, and have bilateral symmetry. Echinoderm larvae are ciliated free-swimming organisms that have a bilaterally symmetry rather like embryonic chordates. The first stage in all groups except the crinoids is the dipleurula, which has a row of cilia winding round its body. All the groups have second and third stage larvae. The larvae grow, and are carried away from their parents.

Later, the adult body grows into a radial form, with the body arranged in five parts around a central axis. This means they often have a star-shaped pattern.

There is no geological evidence about the origin of echinoderms. The first undoubted fossils in the Lower Cambrian are already well developed, and fall into five or six different groups. "Arkarua", from the Ediacaran, is thought to be an echinoderm. "Tribrachidium" is another possible, from the same period. On general biological grounds, it seems that echinoderms, and some related phyla, may have been derived from worm-like ancestors.

Of all invertebrate phyla, the echinoderms are the closest relatives to the chordata, that is, animals who have spinal cord, such as vertebrates. With the chordates and hemichordates, echinoderms are deuterostomes, one of the two major divisions of the animal kingdom.



Argonaut

The word Argonaut might refer to:

Das Rheingold

Das Rheingold ("The Rhinegold") is an opera by Richard Wagner. It is the first of the four operas that together tell a story called "Der Ring des Nibelungen" ("The Ring of the Nibelung").

"Das Rheingold" is an opera in one act, divided into four scenes. It is a very long act, lasting 2 ½ hours, but it is normally played without an interval as the music is continuous, even between the scenes.

The characters in the opera are Gods, Giants, Nibelungs and the Rhinedaughters. The Nibelungs are a race of dwarfs. They are cunning and evil and live underneath the surface of the earth.

The first scene takes place in the river Rhine where the three Rhinemaidens: Woglinde, Wellgunde and Flosshilde, are guarding the precious Rhine gold. Alberich, an evil Nibelung dwarf, arrives and tries to catch the Rhinemaidens. From what they say Alberich learns that the gold they are guarding gives the person who owns it the power to rule the world. Alberich wants the gold, but the Rhinemaidens say that anyone who wants to have it has to renounce (give up) love. They think that Alberich will not do that because he is very fond of girls, but Alberich does renounce love and so he gets the gold.

The second scene takes place in Valhalla, which is where the gods live. Wotan, the chief god, is there with his wife Fricka. Two giants have been building an enormous castle for the gods. Wotan has promised them that he would pay them for their work by giving them Freia, the Goddess of Youth and Beauty. Fricka is worried about the promise that Wotan has made, but Wotan tells his wife that he is not going to keep his promise. He thinks he can find a way of tricking the giants. Freia enters. She is frightened because the giants are coming for her.

The giants, Fasolt and Fafner, enter. They want to have Freia in payment for having built the castle. The problem for the gods is that Freia has a garden in which she grows golden apples. If the gods no longer have these golden apples they will grow old and die. Wotan does not know what to do.

Loge, the god of fire, enters. Wotan is cross with Loge for not having found something else to pay the giants with. Loge says he has been all over the world looking for something. He tells everyone that the gold from the Rhine has magic power, and how Alberich renounced love so that he could steal it from the Rhinemaidens. He tells them that a ring can be made from the gold, and that whoever has the ring will have power over all the world. The giants hear what Loge is saying and decide that they want the gold instead of Freia. They take Freia as hostage, saying that they will be back later to collect the gold. If they do not get it then they will keep Freia forever.

Wotan asks Loge how they are going to get the gold. Loge tells them that they should steal it from Alberich. After all, Alberich stole it from the Rhinemaidens, so it does not belong to him. Wotan and Loge go down below the earth to the Nibelungs.

Underneath the earth Alberich is forcing the Nibelungs to work for him. They are hammering at the anvil. Mime, who is Alberich’s brother, has used some of the gold to make a helmet. This helmet is called the Tarn helmet. Anyone who wears it can change their shape or become invisible. Alberich treats his brother very cruelly.

Wotan and Loge tell Alberich that they have heard how clever he is. They ask him to show them what he can do with the Tarn helmet. Alberich puts on the helmet and changes himself into a huge dragon. Wotan and Loge pretend to be impressed. They ask him whether he can change himself into something small. Alberich show off again, changing himself into a frog. Wotan immediately puts his foot on him and catches him. Wotan and Loge take all the gold and go back to Valhalla.

Wotan and Loge tease Alberich. Alberich asks them what they want so that he can be free. Wotan demands the gold. The Nibelungs pile the gold up. Alberich is not too worried, because he still has the ring which gives him magic power. He thinks he can use this power later to get the gold back. Wotan sees the ring on Alberich’s finger. He tells him to give him the ring. Alberich is terrified, but Wotan tears it from his finger. Before Alberich goes he puts a curse on the ring. Whoever has had the ring will die. This is very important to the whole story of the four operas.

The two giants appear with Freia. The gods have become very weak, but once Freia returns they start to become stronger again. Wotan tells the giants they can have their gold. The giants say that they must pile up the gold in front of Freia until they cannot see her. They do this, but the giants say there is still a tiny hole through which they can see Freia’s eye. They see the ring on Wotan’s finger and tell him to put it in the hole. Wotan says they can have anything they want but not the ring.

Erda appears. Erda is the Earth Goddess. She is very wise. She reminds Wotan that there is a curse on the ring and that he should quickly give the ring to the giants. Wotan has no choice. He puts the ring in the hole. Now the giants are happy.

Immediately, however, the giants start to argue with one another and Fafner kills Fasolt. The curse on the ring is working. Loge tells Wotan he was wise to give up the ring. However, Fricka is still worried because Wotan did have the ring. 

Donner, the god of Thunder, enters and swings his hammer. There is a flash of lightning and a crash of thunder. The clouds vanish, a rainbow makes a bridge to Valhalla and the gods enter Valhalla. The Rhinemaidens are heard crying out to Wotan to give the gold back, but Wotan takes no notice. The gods are now at the height of their glory. We shall see, at the end of the fourth opera, that the curse will catch up with them and that they, too, will die.

The music of "Das Rheingold" is beautifully written to fit every person and every situation. The famous opening starts with a low chord of E flat which describes the bottom of the river Rhine. At first the notes of the chords are held on, then gradually a ripple of broken chords and arpeggios suggest the ripples of the water. The harps make a sound like the waves. The harmony just consists of the same E flat chord for the first 136 bars until the Rhine Maidens start to sing.

Each character in the opera has his own musical leitmotif which can change and combine to show their changing moods and situations. There are big, heavy chords for the giants, creepy chromatic winding music for Loge, the god of fire, who is supposed to be very crafty, dignified music for the Earth Goddess Erda etc. There is a special leitmotif for the curse, which is heard at various times in all four operas.

Wagner actually called "Das Rheingold" a "prologue" to the other three operas, which he saw as the main operas of the cycle.


Die Walküre

Die Walküre ("The Valkyrie") is an opera by Richard Wagner. It is the second of the four operas that together tell a story called "Der Ring des Nibelungen" ("The Ring of the Nibelung"). The story continues from the first opera which was called "Das Rheingold". It is a very beautiful piece. 

"Die Walküre" was first performed on 26 June 1870 in Munich. The first performance that was part of the whole Ring cycle took place on 14 August 1876.

The opera starts with a storm. The young man Siegmund is out in the storm and comes to a house. The house belongs to Hunding who lives there with his wife Sieglinde. An ash tree is growing in the middle of the house. Siegmund and Sieglinde are twins who were separated as children, so neither of them knows who the other one is. Their father is Wotan, the chief god, but they don’t know this either. Their mother was a mortal (an ordinary person, not a goddess) or perhaps a she-wolf, which is how the goddess Fricka refers to her.

Sieglinde lets Siegmund into the house and gives him a drink of mead. They start to fall in love. Hunding arrives and asks Siegmund who he is. Siegmund says that his name ought to be Woeful because he has had an unhappy life. When he was small he came home once and found his house burned down, his mother murdered and his twin sister had been abducted (taken away). He then remembers that some years later he went to help a young lady who had been forced to marry a cruel man. He had killed some of the man’s friends. Hunding realizes that he himself was this man, so that he is Siegmund’s enemy. He says to Siegmund that he can sleep in his house tonight because this is a law of hospitality, but in the morning he will have to fight him.

Sieglinde goes to prepare a drink for her husband. She puts a drug in it which will make Hunding sleep deeply. Siegmund meanwhile is thinking about something his father had promised him. He had told him that he would thrust a magic sword called “Nothung” into a tree. No one would get that sword until, one day, when Siegmund found himself in great difficulty, he would be able to pull it from the tree and use it.

Sieglinde enters and tells Siegmund a story about how, on the day she was forced to marry Hunding, an old man had come into the house and thrust a sword into the ash tree in the middle of the room. They start to realize that they are brother and sister, but it does not stop them from falling in love and they sing passionately about their love for one another. Siegmund pulls the sword from the tree and the two lovers embrace.

Wotan is the chief god, whom we heard in "Das Rheingold". He is trying to get rid of the curse of the Rheingold, and has built a grand plan around Siegmund. Wotan tells his daughter Brünnhilde that she must make sure that Siegmund wins the fight with Hunding. Brünnhilde (the out-of-wedlock daughter of Wotan and Erda, the Earth-Mother goddess) has the power to do this. She is one of eight daughters of Wotan who are Valkyries (German: Walküren). Their job is to collect the dead bodies of brave heroes who have died in battle and take them back to Valhalla, the house of the gods. 

Wotan’s wife Fricka arrives in a chariot pulled by a ram. Brünnhilde disappears, and there follows a big argument between husband and wife. Fricka says to Wotan that Siegmund and Sieglinde must be punished for breaking Hunding's marriage, and for loving one another because brothers and sisters are not allowed to be lovers (this is called “incest”). She says that she herself is the goddess of marriage and must make sure that marriage laws are obeyed. Fricka says that the gods will all be disgraced. Wotan says that he went to the world to have children with mortal women because the gods needed a race of heroes who would protect them. But Fricka says to Wotan that he is wrong: Siegmund cannot be a free hero if he is being protected by Wotan. Giving in, Wotan now tells Brünnhilde that she must leave Siegmund to his fate.

Sieglinde tells Siegmund that she feels guilty and that he ought to leave her, but they are desperately in love. When she hears Hunding’s horn she imagines that Siegmund will be torn apart by the dogs and she faints. Brünnhilde pities Siegmund. She tells Siegmund that he must follow her to Valhalla. When Siegmund asks whether he can take Sieglinde with her Brünnhilde says that he cannot do this. Siegmund refuses to go. Brünnhilde tells him that he cannot escape his fate. Siegmund continues to plead with Brünnhilde, and in the end she is so moved that she changes her mind. She breaks Wotan's order, and says that she will protect Siegmund in battle. Hunding appears and the two men fight. Brünnhilde protects Siegmund with her shield. Siegmund is nearly winning when suddenly Wotan appears and smashes Siegmund’s sword into pieces. Hunding kills Siegmund.

The other Valkyries are wondering where Brünnhilde is. They see her coming on her horse, but instead of a hero she is carrying a woman (it is Sieglinde). The Valkyries are angry with Brünnhilde because she disobeyed Wotan. Sieglinde wants to die, but when she is told that she has a baby in her womb she asks Brünnhilde to save her. She escapes into the forest with bits of Siegmund’s sword. One day the baby she is now bearing will grow up, become a hero, and use the bits to make another sword.

Wotan goes to the Valkyries. He is furious with Brünnhilde because she disobeyed him. He punishes her. He tells her that she is no longer a Valkyrie. She will fall asleep on a rock and any man who finds her can have her. Brünnhilde pleads with Wotan. She asks him whether he could, at least, put a fire round her so that the only man who could get her would be a hero. In the end Wotan agrees. Loge, the god of fire, arrives and lights the fire. At the end of the opera Brünnhilde is asleep on the rock, surrounded by the fire. There she will stay until, one day, a hero comes to rescue her.

The music contains many wonderful moments. The most famous bit is the beginning of Act Three where the Valkyries are riding on their horses. This music is known as "The Ride of the Valkyries". It is very dramatic music. The very beginning of Act One is also very dramatic. The music describes a storm. The orchestra is a very large one, including special tubas which are known as “Wagner tubas”. There are no separate arias in these operas: all the sections flows into one another. Sometimes a character has a section when they are telling a story. There are beautiful sections like the one in Act One where Siegmund is remembering about his father and the sword, or the love music between Siegmund and Sieglinde. By using leitmotifs (music which goes with certain ideas or characters) he gets many subtle effects. When Siegmund looks at the ash tree we hear the sword motive because the sword is in the tree, although at that moment he does not know about it. We also hear Wotan’s theme when Siegmund talks about his father. We (the listener) know who his father is, but Siegmund does not. The music tells us lots of things that the characters in the story may not understand. This makes the music very powerful and exciting.

Siegfried (opera)

Siegfried is an opera by Richard Wagner. It is the third of the four operas that together tell a story called "Der Ring des Nibelungen" ("The Ring of the Nibelung"). The story continues from the end of the second opera which was called "Die Walküre". 

The first performance of "Siegfried" took place when the whole Ring cycle (all four operas) were performed in the Festspielhaus in Bayreuth on 16 August 1876.

The first part of the opera takes place in a forest where the giant Fafner lives. He has used the magic tarn helmet to change himself into a dragon so that he can guard the treasure of the gold and the ring (we saw how he got the treasure in the first opera, "Das Rheingold"). Siegfried, who was not yet born at the end of the second opera, "Die Walküre", is now a young lad. He has been brought up by the dwarf Mime, Alberich's brother. Mime is just as horrible as his brother.

Mime is hammering away at the anvil, trying to repair the sword that was smashed to pieces by Wotan in Act Two of "Die Walküre". He wants to make the bits into a strong sword, but every time he thinks he has managed it Siegfried picks up the sword and breaks it with his strength. The reason that Mime wants to make the sword is so that he can give it to Siegfried (who is obviously the hero who is meant to have the sword in the end) and tell him to fight the dragon. Then Mime will be able to get the ring from him so that he can have power over all the world. When Siegfried enters he brings a bear from the forest. The bear chases Mime and Siegfried laughs. Then he lets the bear go free. 

Mime says to Siegfried that he should be thankful to him for looking after him as a child and bringing him up. He has never told Siegfried who his parents were (they were Siegmund and Sieglinde, both now dead). Siegfried does not understand anything about how babies are born. He has never seen a woman before. He only knows Mime who is pretending to be his father. Siegfried has noticed that young birds look like their parents and he asks Mime why he does not look like him. In the end Mime is forced to tell Siegfried about his parents and about the sword that was smashed by Wotan. Siegfried tells Mime to forge (make) the sword so that he can kill the dragon. Siegfried goes off.

Wotan, the chief god, appears. He is disguised as a wanderer. Mime says he wants to ask him three questions, and if he cannot answer them he can chop off his head. Wotan agrees. First Mime asks him the name of the race of people who live below the earth. Wotan says they are the Nibelungs. Then Mime asks who are the people who live on the earth’s surface. Wotan says they are the giants. Then he asks him who lives in the sky. Wotan says they are the gods. He has answered all three questions correctly. He now tells Mime it is his turn to ask Mime three questions which he must answer if he wants to keep his head. Mime is terrified, but has to agree.

First Wotan asks him who are the people whom Wotan loves a lot although he has to be harsh with them. Mime answers: the Wälsung race. Then Wotan asks him the name of the sword that Wotan left for Siegfried. Mime answers: Nothung. Finally Wotan asks him who can put the pieces of the sword together. Mime is now terrified because he does not know the answer. Wotan tells him the answer: it is the person who does not know fear. He says to Mime that he can keep his head for the moment. He will leave it to the fearless person to chop it off later.

When Mime and Siegfried are together again, Mime tries to frighten Siegfried so that he knows what fear is. He tells him all about the huge dragon in the cave. "Does that not frighten you?" he asks him. "Not a bit" answers Siegfried, who likes the thought of fighting a dragon. Siegfried works at the anvil and starts to make the sword. Mime is thinking of how he will trick Siegfried after the dragon has been killed, so that he can get the sword and kill Siegfried. At last Siegfried manages to make the mighty sword. He calls out its name: "Nothung"! Then he crashes the sword down on the anvil which splits into two pieces.

Outside the dragon’s cave Wotan, still disguised as a wanderer, meets Alberich (Mime’s brother who has not been in the story since the first opera). Alberich hates Wotan for having snatched the ring from him. Wotan does not care, and even wakes the dragon up, but the dragon does not want to fight them.

Mime and Siegfried appear. Siegfried is not frightened at all. He just wants to know where the dragon’s heart is so that he can kill it. Mime leaves him alone. Siegfried sits down in the forest and thinks. He is glad to know now that the ugly Mime is not his father. He hears a bird singing and he tries to imitate the bird’s song with a pipe he has made from a reed. He blows his horn and the dragon appears. Siegfried plunges the sword into the dragon’s heart. Siegfried instinctively puts his hand in the dragon’s mouth and tastes its blood. Suddenly he can understand what the bird is saying. The bird (originally sung by a boy but normally now by a woman) tells him to take the ring and the tarn helmet (which allows the wearer to change shape or make himself invisible). He takes them.

Mime and Alberich appear. They are arguing about who shall have the ring and the tarn helmet. Siegfried appears with both. Mime offers Siegfried a drink which is drugged. The bird warns Siegfried not to drink it. Siegfried kills Mime by chopping his head off with the sword. The bird then tells Siegfried about his beautiful bride Brünnhilde who is lying on a rock, protected by fire, waiting to be rescued by him.

Erda, the wise Earth Goddess, tells Wotan about the Norns who are weaving the rope of destiny. She is surprised to hear how Wotan has punished Brünnhilde. Wotan says he now looks forward to the end of the gods, and wants Siegfried to take his place.

Siegfried arrives. He tells Wotan (who is a stranger to him) about his heroic deed with the dragon. He finds Wotan annoying and smashes Wotan’s sword. He goes to the rock where Brünnhilde is lying.

Siegfried bursts through the flames and finds the sleeping Brünnhilde. He gently takes off her helmet, then her breastplate. Suddenly he sees that she is a woman. He has never seen a woman before. For the first time in his life he is frightened, yet he very much wants to wake her up. He kisses her lips and she opens her eyes and sits up. She tells him that she has always loved him, even long before he was born. Siegfried feels his passion growing and tries to put his arms round her, but now it is Brünnhilde who is frightened. She tells him not to spoil the purity of their love. Finally they embrace.

It took Wagner more than 15 years to write this opera which is one reason why the music of Act Three is slightly different in style. Some ideas from the love music of Siegfried and Brünnhilde were later re-used by Wagner in a separate orchestral piece, called the "Siegfried Idyll". Many of the leitmotifs (musical ideas that belong to particular characters or ideas) are ones that were heard in the "Das Rheingold" or "Die Walküre". One unusual instrument in the orchestra is the anvil. It is played when Mime, and later Siegfried, are hammering on the anvil trying to forge the pieces of the sword together. The rhythm of this music is the same rhythm heard earlier in the Nibelung scene in "Das Rheingold".

When Wagner started working on the opera he called it "Der junge Siegfried" ("The young Siegfried") but by 1856 he had changed the title to "Siegfried".

The German word “Sieg” means “victory” and “Fried” or “Friede” means “peace”. It is a good name for a hero. The role of Siegfried is sung by a tenor. The singer needs a very strong voice, often called a “Heldentenor” in German (a “heroic tenor”). He is on stage for most of the opera which lasts about four hours.



Götterdämmerung

Götterdämmerung is an opera by Richard Wagner. It is the fourth and last of the cycle of operas that together tell a story called "Der Ring des Nibelungen" ("The Ring of the Nibelung"). The story continues from the end of the third opera which was called "Siegfried". "Götterdämmerung" is the German name for "Ragnarök".

"Götterdämmerung" is the longest of the four operas. It takes about five hours to perform. It consists of a prologue and three acts. Wagner finished composing the opera in the autumn of 1874. It was first performed on 17 August 1876 as part of the complete Ring cycle.

The three Norns, daughters of Erda the Earth Goddess, are spinning the rope of destiny. This rope is a symbol of what has to happen in the end. They take it in turns to tell the story of the past, spinning as they sing and passing on the rope to the next one. The first Norn tells how Wotan went to drink from the Well of Wisdom for which he lost an eye. He then cut a spear from a tree which then died. The second Norn tells how a young hero broke Wotan’s spear and how the gods were sent from Valhalla to chop down the World Ash. The third Norn tells how the logs from the ash tree have been piled round Valhalla ready for a fire that will burn everything. The Norns have visions of the future. The rope breaks. The Norns disappear into the earth.

Brünnhilde and Siegfried come out of a cave by the rock where they were left at the end of the third opera. Siegfried has to go off to do heroic deeds. He gives Brünnhilde the ring as a token of his love for her. She gives him her horse which is called Grane (pronounce: GRAH-ne). Siegfried travels down the river Rhine.

Act One takes place in the Hall of the Gibichung palace. Gunther is the chief of the Gibichungs. His half-brother Hagen tells him he would look more important if he got married. He also says that Gunther’s sister Gutrune ought to get married. He tells him about Brünnhilde who, he thinks, is still asleep on the rock surrounded by fire that no one except Siegfried would be able to get through. He says that if they manage to get Siegfried to marry Gutrune, then she could persuade him to go and catch Brünnhilde for Gunther. He says that they could give Siegfried a potion (a special drink) which would make him forget that he loved Brünnhilde.

They hear Siegfried’s horn outside and the great hero arrives. Siegfried asks Hagen whether he knows him. Of course, Hagen does. Siegfried is carrying the magic tarn helmet which allows a person to change their shape or become invisible. Siegfried, however, does not know what the tarn helmet can do, and Hagen has to explain it to him. Gutrune appears and offers Siegfried a drink. It is the potion which is going to make him forget any other woman. He drinks to the health of Brünnhilde. As soon as he has drunk it he looks at Gutrune and is in love with her. He agrees to marry her, and he agrees to get a wife for Gunther. Hagen tells him about Brünnhilde on the rock. Siegfried has forgotten about her. He agrees to put on the tarn helmet and disguise himself as Gunther and to go and get Brünnhilde. He goes off, leaving Hagen guarding the palace.

The next scene takes place on the top of the Valkyrie rock. Her sister Waltraute arrives on a flying horse. She says that Wotan (their father, the chief God) returned to Valhalla with his spear broken. She says he told the gods to pile up the logs from the World Ash for a fire which will burn everything. Wotan desperately wants the ring to be given back to the Rhine Maidens (who were guardians of the gold, from which the ring was forged, in the first opera). Brünnhilde refuses to give her the ring that Siegfried had given her as a token of their love. Waltraute disappears.

After the weather calms the flames flicker again. Siegfried arrives, disguised as Gunther. Brünnhilde is horrified to see a person she thinks is a stranger. Siegfried says she is his bride, forces the ring from her finger and drags her into a cave for the night, although placing the sword between them.

Back at the palace Alberich tries to persuade his son Hagen to get the ring. Hagen wants to get the ring, but only for himself. Siegfried arrives. He no longer wears the tarn helmet so he looks like himself. Hagen blows his horn to call his vassals (soldiers) for a celebration. Gunther is to marry Brünnhilde and Siegfried is to marry Gutrune. Brünnhilde cannot understand why Siegfried is doing this. She sees the ring on his finger and asks him how he got it, as she thinks Gunther snatched it from her. Siegfried says that he won it by killing a dragon. He tells people how he tricked Brünnhilde and swears that a sword lay between them during the night, although Brünnhilde tries to make people think otherwise.

Brünnhilde is left alone with Gunther and Hagen. She tells them that, although Siegfried is so strong and impossible to kill in battle, he has one weak spot on his back. Gunther does not like the idea of having Siegfried killed, but Hagen promises him that he can then have the ring. They decide to kill Siegfried and to tell Gutrune that he was killed by a wild boar.

The last act takes place in a wild forest. Siegfried’s hunting horn is heard, and then the hunting horn of the Gibichungs. By the river Siegfried happens to meet the Rhine Maidens and teases them by showing them the ring, but does not let them have it. They tell him about the curse on the ring but Siegfried does not believe them. He meets Hagen. They drink together. Siegfried tells the men all about his life, how he was brought up by Mime, about the sword, the dragon and the bird singing. Then he cannot remember any more. Hagen gives him another drugged drink which makes him start to remember what actually happened. He remembers Brünnhilde and how he found her surrounded by fire. He gradually realizes how he has been tricked and feels unbearable sadness. Two ravens fly overhead and Hagen plunges his spear into Siegfried’s back. He dies while speaking the name of Brünnhilde. His body is carried off to a funeral march.

Back at the palace his body is brought in. Gutrune accuses Gunther of murdering him, but Gunther says Hagen did it. Hagen says he did it because Siegfried, when disguised as Gunther, had slept with Brünnhilde. He tries to snatch the ring from the dead Siegfried’s finger, Gunther tries to stop him but is murdered by Hagen. He tries again to snatch the ring but to everybody’s horror the arm of the dead hero rises in the air.

Brünnhilde enters and tells everyone how she promised Siegfried her love. Gutrune curses Hagen and falls onto her brother’s dead body. Brünnhilde orders a funeral pyre (a fire) to be prepared. She sings to Wotan that Siegfried is now at peace in death and that she understands more now. She takes the ring and promises to return it to the Rhine Maidens. She lights the fire which flares up and she rides on her horse Grane into the flames. The whole building catches fire, and the Rhine overflows and puts it out. Hagen jumps into the water trying to get the ring from the Rhine Maidens who drown him and finally take it back. The flood dies down and Valhalla (the gods’ palace) is lit up by the fire. The gods and the heroes die in the flames. The Twilight of the Gods has happened and Brünnhilde has redeemed the world with her love.

The music of this long opera is extremely cleverly linked so that musical ideas flow into one another and combine to comment on the drama. Many of the themes have been heard in the other three operas. It is a very exhausting opera to sing, especially for Brünnhilde. There are usually two long intervals during a performance. The orchestra is very large and includes eight harps.


Der Ring des Nibelungen

Der Ring des Nibelungen ("The Ring of the Nibelung" (Alberich)) is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner. 

The story of each opera can be found in the separate articles.

Sometimes it is known as a “tetralogy” meaning: four works that belong together.

Wagner took the story of the operas from a book called the "Nibelungenlied" (the "Nibelung Song") which was written in the 12th century by a German poet. We do not know the name of the poet. The story is about the ancient gods from German mythology.
Wagner made a lot of changes to the story in order to make it suitable for his four operas. Wagner’s story tells of a hoard of gold which is being guarded by the Rhinemaidens. The dwarf Alberich steals the gold and uses some of it to make a ring which makes the owner powerful over all the world. When Wotan, the chief god, steals it from him, Alberich puts a curse on the ring. The ring will bring death to whoever has it. The ring goes through the hands of several characters, all of whom die in the end.

Alberich belongs to a race of dwarfs called the “Nibelungs”. The word “Nibelungen” in the title of the cycle: "Der Ring des Nibelungen" (“The Ring of the Nibelung”), refers to Alberich (it is singular, not plural).

The story of Wagner’s Ring cycle sounds quite fantastic and strange, like a fairy tale. Although the characters seems very different from real people, the story tells us all about basic human emotions. It is a story about greed, love, lust, intrigue etc. This is what makes it so powerful.

Wagner’s music matches each character and situation beautifully. It develops continuously: there are no breaks in the music during the acts. Wagner used what he called leitmotifs (leading motives). These are tunes or chords or little musical phrases which are linked to particular people in the opera. In this way he can hint at things very cleverly in the music. For example: there is a leitmotiv for the curse. Whenever we hear this curse motive we know that the curse of the ring is working.

Wagner spent about twenty years writing the Ring cycle. He started in the 1850s when he was living in Switzerland. He wrote all the libretto (the words) himself, as he always did for his operas. By 1857 he had finished the first two operas and two thirds of "Siegfried". It was many years later that he finally finished "Siegfried" and wrote the final opera as well.
Wagner wanted to have the Ring cycle performed in a special opera house which would be built in the way he wanted. He needed a lot of money for his ideas, and he was very lucky to find someone who adored his music and was happy to give him a lot of money. This was King Ludwig II of Bavaria (sometimes called the “mad king of Bavaria” because he did become insane). Wagner told the King that the Ring cycle would be performed in Munich which was the capital city of Bavaria. Later, when it seemed impossible to build a new opera house there, Wagner broke his promise and built his opera house in Bayreuth instead. The King did not seem to mind and still gave him lots of money for the project as well as a nice house to live in. "Das Rheingold" was first performed in Munich in 1869 and "Die Walküre" in 1870. The whole Ring cycle was first performed in 1876 in the new opera house called the "Festspielhaus" in Bayreuth.

Väki

In Finnish mythology, Väki means races of Haltijas (Finnish elves) and their magical powers. Different things in nature had their own väki guarding them. For example, Väki of water lived in and protected water. Väki is the name of both the magical power and Haltijas. Väki could sometimes be seen. They looked like little man-like creatures. Sometimes Väki went inside people and made people ill. Väki makes people ill if they behave badly in their kingdom. For example, if someone shouted in a forest without reason then the Väki of forest may make then ill. Shaman could heal these illnesses by telling the väki to leave the person and go back to its original place.

The other version of väki refers to the realm of the dead. Väki was the anonymous pack of dead people. Once they (väki) had been our beloved ones, relatives etc. but after spending some time in the afterlife they had been become unknown masses of dead creatures without any personal markings.

Sudetenland

The Sudetenland was a mountainous area of Czechoslovakia. The name comes from the Sudetes, a mountain range, but it was also used for other places in Bohemia in which mostly-German people lived. They wanted their homes to be part of Germany, not Czechoslovakia. Nazi Germany took small parts of the Sudetenland from Czechoslovakia in September 1938. After the Munich Agreement, they took the rest of Sudetenland, which contributed to the start of World War II.


1375

1375 was a year in the 14th century.




Coral (color)

Coral is a reddish or orangeish shade of pink. The color is named after the sea animal also called corals.

The first written use of "coral" as a color name in English was in 1513.



Crimson

Crimson is reddish magenta color between red and rose on the color wheel. You can make it by combining a strong, bright deep red with a little blue. It is originally the color of the dye produced from the dried bodies of a scale insect, "Kermes vermilio".

The word "crimson" has been in written use in the English since 1400. 



Rose (color)

Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the color wheel. It represents the color of the rose flower.

The first recorded use of "rose" as a color name in English was in 1382.










Maroon (color)

Maroon is a dark red color. 

The word "maroon" comes from the French word "marron" which means "chestnut".

The first recorded use of "maroon" as a color name in English was in 1789. 


Ochre

Ochre or Ocher is a golden-yellow or light yellowish brown colour. The word is from the Greek "ochros", meaning "yellow". Ochre is natural earth pigment containing hydrated iron oxide.

The use of ochre is particularly intensive: it is not unusual to find a layer of the cave floor impregnated with a purplish red to a depth of eight inches. The size of these ochre deposits raises a problem not yet solved. The colouring is so intense that practically all the loose ground seems to consist of ochre. One can imagine that the Aurignacians regularly painted their bodies red, dyed their animal skins, coated their weapons, and sprinkled the ground of their dwellings, and that a paste of ochre was used for decorative purposes in every phase of their domestic life. We must assume no less, if we are to account for the veritable mines of ochre on which some of them lived.

Teal (color)

Teal is a blue-green color; a dark cyan.

"Teal" gets its name from the colored area around the eyes of the common teal, a member of the duck family. 

The first written use of "Teal" as a color name in English was in 1917.



Navy blue

Navy blue is a dark shade of the color blue. Some people mistake navy blue for black because some navies (such as the United States Navy) use a shade of navy blue that is so dark it is practically black.



Lime (color)

Lime is a yellowish green color. It is the color that is halfway between the color chartreuse green and yellow on the color wheel. The color "lime" is named after the fruit, lime.

The official web color named "lime" actually corresponds to pure green on an RGB display. "Lime green" is the color of the outer skin of a lime. "Lime pulp" is the color of the inside of a lime and of "limeade", a fruit drink that is made from limes.

The first recorded use of "lime" as a color name in English was in 1905.


Jochen Rindt

Karl Jochen Rindt (born April 18 1942 in Mainz, Germany – died September 5 1970 in Monza) was a German racing driver who represented Austria during his career. In 1970, he won the Formula One World Drivers' Championship, but died in a crash in Monza. He was the only driver to win the championship after he died.

In 1965 he won the 24 Hours of Le Mans race.

Claudio Arrau

Claudio Arrau León (; February 6, 1903 – June 9, 1991) was a Chilean classical pianist.

Arrau started to play the piano as a boy and was giving concerts at the age of 5. The Chilean government heard of the child prodigy and quickly organized to have him sent to Germany to study with the best music teachers. At the age of 7 Arrau started to study music seriously at the Stern Conservatory, Berlin, Germany.

By the age of 11, Arrau was playing like a master, and performed the works of Franz Liszt, Frédéric Chopin and Johannes Brahms in recitals. 

Later in life Arrau became an important teacher of the piano and taught some of the most famous pianists in the world. Arrau married Ruth Schneider, an opera singer, and settled in the United States. Throughout his career he won the highest awards for piano playing. He died in Austria in 1991.

Patriotism

Patriotism means loyalty of a person to his/her own nation or the leaders of the nation. A patriot is a person who is on the side of his/her own nation or its leaders. Patriotism is different from nationalism. 
Also, contrary to a nationalist, patriots do not favor imperialism, while nationalists tend to but don’t always favor imperialism. An example of a nationalist favoring imperialism would be Adolf Hitler.

The English term "patriot" is first known from the Elizabethan era, via Middle French from Late Latin (6th century) patriota "countryman", ultimately from Greek πατριώτης (patriōtēs) "countryman", from πατρίς (patris), "fatherland". The abstract noun patriotism appears in the early 18th century.

Patriot

A patriot is a person with patriotism.

Patriot may also refer to:





Misogyny

Misogyny is the hatred of women, or the belief that women should be kept down at a lower place in society, under the control of men. Using sexist ideas and violence against women, misogyny punishes women who try to rise in society. A society or a system that sets men above women is called patriarchy. Misogyny supports patriarchy by constantly keeping women under men. Sometimes misogyny rewards women for accepting a lower place.

Misogyny is a very old idea. It can be seen in stories, religion, laws, and customs around the world. It is both a belief held by individuals, and a social custom or system. A misogynist is a person who hates women. Misogynists may hate women because they believe there is something wrong with them, such as being stupid, dirty or evil. Some misogynists claim to love women, or certain women, while keeping them at a lower place.

When women practice misogyny on themselves or each other, this is called "internalized misogyny". Women who have internalized misogyny may view other women as an enemy. This may damage friendships among women.

There are some communities that have been described as misogynist such as the manosphere.


Malmeneich

Malmeneich is a village in Hesse, Germany. It belongs to the municipality of Elz. The postal code for Malmeneich is 65604 and its dialing code is 06433. 345 people live in the village.

Malmeneich is in the Westerwald. The average elevation is 250m above sea level. The highest point is in the forest and is 292m high. The average temperature is 9,9°C. The village get between 700-720mm of rain each year. Though this seems moderate, temperatures can vary between -20°C and 35°C.

There was an entry about Malmeneich on the Hessian television in 2002. This was for a project of hr3 which aimed to report about Hessian villages with less than 1000 people living in them.

Every year Malmeneich is mentioned in the regional newspaper because of the "Malmeneicher Kirmes".

At the European elections in 2005, a citizen of Malmeneich was caught after voting five times. He got judged and this crime went through the regional media.


Maroon

The word Maroon can have the following meanings:

In sports:

In the military:

In music:

In art:

United Parcel Service

United Parcel Service (UPS) is an American company that transports packages. It is the largest package delivery company in the world. UPS delivers more than 14 million packages a day to more than 200 countries. It is based in Sandy Springs, Georgia, USA. The company started in 1936 when several smaller companies merged and took the new name. It was owned by employees until 1999 when it offered stock to outsiders. 

The company uses brown uniforms and delivery trucks. The company trademarked the color so other delivery companies cannot use a brown logo.

"UPS Airlines" is a part of UPS that handles the transportation of packages over long distances and between countries. UPS has almost 300 airplanes in its fleet. 


Gómez Pereira

Gómez Pereira (1500 – 1567) was a Spanish philosopher, doctor, and humanist from Medina del Campo. He was most famous for his work in medicine, but he did many different things such as business, engineering, and especially philosophy. As a doctor, he was in favor of using the empirical method, instead of more medieval ideas about medicine.

His ideas in philosophy may have helped René Descartes come up with the famous idea ""cogito ergo sum"". This is Latin for: "I think, therefore I am".

Little is known about his life. He was the second of five brothers; his father, Antonio, had a small store that sold clothes, and his mother, Margarita, died when he was 15, so the children were raised by his aunt, Ana de Avila. Some of his ancestors were Jews from Portugal who had become Christians.

He studied philosophy at the University of Salamanca. His professor, Juan Martinez, was later the archbishop of Toledo, Spain. He also studied medicine and graduated in 1520. He then settled down as a doctor in his home town, Medina, living with his wife, Isabel Rodriguez, and becoming quite successful in business, even having his own warehouses of wine, and renting rooms to other merchants. He never had children. 

He became famous as a doctor, being well known in other cities of Spain. He even went to the court of Philip II of Spain and saved the life of the prince, Don Carlos, when he had an accident. He was also famous as an inventor, and in 1563, he and another inventor named Francisco Lobato got a patent for a type of flour mill powered by water. 

Spore (video game)

Spore is a computer game made by Will Wright. He also made "The Sims" and "SimCity". It consists of five phases of gameplay, the cell, creature, tribal, civilization and space phases. It is a game in which the player is able to create and evolve a species from a germ into a galactic superpower. It was released on September 7, 2008 in America, and September 5 in Europe.
Initially, it was going to be 6 different phases, but they merged the city and civilization phases, so it's only 5 phases now.

One of the biggest parts of the game is the different editors. Almost all things in the game can be made by the player, from buildings in the civilization phase to the creature in the creature phase. The player uses different parts that he can place as he wants. He can also change things like size and "stretch" the parts. All these things made by players can be uploaded as pictures to the "sporepedia". A picture has all the info needed for the game to make the thing, and is very small in size, usually less than 30 kilobytes. This means, that a player can find a picture of a car made in Spore that he likes, copy it, and put it in the Spore folder. Then they can play with it.

All the different phases of the game offer many choices. Roughly, the player can choose to be peaceful, aggressive, or both. For example, in the creature phase, there is a choice to eat other animals, just fruit, or both. And in the civilization phase, there is a choice to be military, religious, economic, or a little of all of them. 

Tilia

Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees in the Northern Hemisphere, in Asia (where the greatest species diversity is found), Europe and eastern North America; it is absent from western North America.
The trees are generally called linden in North America, and lime in Britain. Both names are from the Germanic root "lind". The modern forms in English went from "linde" or "linne" in Anglo Saxon and old Norse, and in Britain the word transformed more recently to the modern British form "lime". In the United States, the modern German name "Linde", from the same root, became more common, partly to avoid confusion with any other uses of the name.

"Tilia" species are large deciduous trees, reaching typically between 20m and 40m tall, some species grow as shrubs. Plants of this genus are found through the north temperate regions.

The Germanic tribes associated the Linden tree with the goddess Freya. Very often, these tribes held their assemblies, called Thing near or under such a tree. Often, trees that were standing alone somewhere were chosen. These assemblies were used to make laws. They usually lasted three days.



The tree produces fragrant and nectar-producing flowers, the medicinal herb lime blossom. They are very important honey plants for beekeepers, producing a very pale but richly flavoured monofloral honey. The flowers are also used for herbal tea, and this infusion is particularly popular in Europe.


Cartesian coordinate system

In mathematics and geometry, the Cartesian coordinate system is a coordinate system used to give the location of points on a plane by using two numbers for each point. It is also called the "rectangular coordinate system". The numbers are usually called the formula_1 "coordinate" and the formula_2 "coordinate" or sometimes the "abscissa" and "ordinate". To find the coordinates of a point, two perpendicular lines, called "axes" (singular: "axis"), are drawn. The point where the axes meet is the coordinate origin, written (0,0). The formula_1 "coordinate" gives the position of a point measured along the formula_1 axis, and the formula_2 "coordinate" gives the position along the formula_2 axis. 

Cartesian coordinates can be used in three dimensions (3D), by adding a third number, the formula_7 "coordinate". In four dimensions (4D), a fourth number, the formula_8 "coordinate", is added. Each coordinate represents a dimension of space.

Using the Cartesian coordinate system, many shapes, like straight lines and parabolas can be described by using algebraic equations. The results of the equations can be seen by plotting (drawing) a point for each solution to the equations. For example, the formula_1 axis is described by the equation formula_10. A circle having radius formula_11 and centered at the origin can be described with the equation formula_12 (see Figure 2).

The name Cartesian comes from the French mathematician and philosopher René Descartes (Latin: "Cartesius"), who worked to merge algebra and Euclidean geometry. This work was important in creating calculus and cartography.

The idea of this system was developed in 1637 in two works by Descartes. In part two of his "Discourse on Method", Descartes explains plotting the position of a point or object on a surface, using two perpendicular axes as measuring guides. In "La Géométrie" ("Geometry"), he further explores these ideas.


Polar coordinate system

In mathematics, the polar coordinate system is a two-dimensional coordinate system in which each point on a plane is determined by a distance from a reference point and an angle from a reference direction.

The polar coordinate system is especially useful in situations where the relationship between two points is most easily expressed with angles and distance; in the more familiar Cartesian or rectangular coordinate system, such a relationship can only be found through trigonometric formulae.

As the coordinate system is two-dimensional, each point is determined by two polar coordinates: the radial coordinate and the angular coordinate. The radial coordinate (usually denoted as formula_1) denotes the point's distance from a central point known as the "pole" (equivalent to the "origin" in the Cartesian system). The angular coordinate (also known as the polar angle or the azimuth angle, and usually denoted by θ or formula_2) denotes the positive or anticlockwise (counterclockwise) angle required to reach the point from the 0° ray or "polar axis" (which is equivalent to the positive x-axis in the Cartesian coordinate plane).

The concepts of angle and radius were already used by ancient peoples of the 1st millennium BCE. Hipparchus (190-120 BCE) created a table of chord functions giving the length of the chord for each angle, and there are references to his using polar coordinates in establishing stellar positions.
In "On Spirals," Archimedes describes the Archimedean spiral, a function whose radius depends on the angle. The Greek work, however, did not extend to a full coordinate system.

There are various accounts of the introduction of polar coordinates as part of a formal coordinate system. The full history of the subject is described in Harvard professor Julian Lowell Coolidge's "Origin of Polar Coordinates." Grégoire de Saint-Vincent and Bonaventura Cavalieri independently introduced the concepts in the mid-seventeenth century. Saint-Vincent wrote about them privately in 1625 and published his work in 1647, while Cavalieri published his in 1635 with a corrected version appearing in 1653. Cavalieri first used polar coordinates to solve a problem relating to the area within an Archimedean spiral. Blaise Pascal subsequently used polar coordinates to calculate the length of parabolic arcs.

In "Method of Fluxions" (written 1671, published 1736), Sir Isaac Newton examined the transformations between polar coordinates, which he referred to as the "Seventh Manner; For Spirals", and nine other coordinate systems. In the journal "Acta Eruditorum" (1691), Jacob Bernoulli used a system with a point on a line, called the "pole" and "polar axis" respectively. Coordinates were specified by the distance from the pole and the angle from the "polar axis". Bernoulli's work extended to finding the radius of curvature of curves expressed in these coordinates.

The actual term "polar coordinates" has been attributed to Gregorio Fontana and was used by 18th-century Italian writers. The term appeared in English in George Peacock's 1816 translation of Lacroix's "Differential and Integral Calculus". Alexis Clairaut was the first to think of polar coordinates in three dimensions, and Leonhard Euler was the first to actually develop them.

The polar coordinates "r" and "φ" can be converted to the Cartesian coordinates "x" and "y" by using the trigonometric functions sine and cosine:

The Cartesian coordinates "x" and "y" can be converted to polar coordinates "r" and "φ" with "r" ≥ 0 and "φ" in the interval (−, ] by:

Cylindrical coordinates take the same idea that polar coordinates use, but they extend it further. To get a third dimension, each point also has a "height" above the original coordinate system. Each point is uniquely identified by a distance to the origin, called "r" here, an angle, called "formula_5" ("phi"), and a height above the plane of the coordinate system, called "Z" in the picture.

The same idea as is used by polar coordinates can also be extended in a different way. Instead of using two distances, and one angle only, it is possible to use one distance only, and two angles, called formula_5 and formula_7 ("theta").



Gold (color)

Gold or golden is a yellowish orange color, or orange-tan color that is a bit like the color of the metal gold. The actual color of the metal, used for example in gilding, is called Metallic gold. Gold paint can be made by mixing brown, yellow paint and orange paint.

The web color "gold" is sometimes referred to as golden in order to distinguish it from the element "gold". The use of "gold" as a color term in traditional usage is more often applied to the color "gold (metallic)". 
The first recorded use of "golden" as a color name in English was in the year 1300 to refer to the element gold and in 1423 to refer to blonde hair.




Provinces of Cuba

Cuba is divided into fourteen provinces and one special municipality.

From west to east, Cuba's provinces are:

Cuba's "special municipality" is the "Isla de la Juventud" ("Island of Youth"), known until the 1970s as the "Isla de Pinos" ("Isle of Pines") and previously as "Evangelista", "Isle of Santiago" and "Isle of Parrots".

Prior to 1976, Cuba was divided into the following provinces (from west to east):
These provinces were used to be the following areas on the map: Pinar del Rio (item 2), La Habana (items 1, 3, 4), Matanzas (5), Las Villas (approximately 6, 7, and 8 on map), Camaguey (roughly 9 and 10) and Oriente (11, 12, 13, 14 and 15).

"Pop. = Population. Source: Cuba census 2002" 

Singing

Singing means making music with the voice. Singing is probably the way that music started many thousands of years ago. When people sing they make their voices go high or low. If they do this in a way that uses notes of a scale then they make tunes, called songs. A song, very broadly, is a musical piece, produced by the voice with distinct and fixed pitches and patterns of sound and silence and a variety which often includes repetition.

Many birds also sing. They are the passerines, a very large order often called the songbirds. 

When people sing they use the air in the lungs. The pressure of the air that comes out of the lungs can be controlled with several respiratory muscles, including the muscle called the diaphragm which goes across the front of the body below the ribs. People who have singing lessons spend a lot of time practising “breath control”.

The air comes through the throat where the larynx is like a reed on a clarinet: it vibrates, controlling the passage of air, and this makes the note higher or lower depending on how it is controlled.

The sound comes into the mouth which is space where the sound can be made bigger (it “resonates”). Professional singers even learn to think of the whole head as a resonator. They sometimes talk about the “mask”, i.e. they imagine a mask in front of the face and this makes the sound bigger. The sound then comes out of the mouth so that it can be heard.

Singing is different from speaking because of the special way the vocal cords in the throat are used.

Most people can sing notes which cover more than an octave. People who sing a lot will probably be able to sing over two octaves. Singers can be called according to whether they have higher or lower voices: soprano, mezzo-soprano and contralto for women, tenor, baritone or bass for men. Some men are able to train their voices to sing alto by using a falsetto voice. Children’s voices are often called treble.

There are lots of different singing styles in the world. Each one has a different technique. In Western classical music singers learn to sing in a bel canto voice which uses lots of resonance in the head and makes a smooth sound. Bel canto was used in Italian opera. Later, in the 19th century, Richard Wagner wrote operas in which the singers needed to be more dramatic. Opera singers today can have different kinds of voices: bel canto, lyrical, dramatic, coloratura (extremely high and light) etc.

In church choirs the singers are often trained to use a lot of head voice because this sounds beautiful in large cathedrals.

Pop singers generally have a different technique: their singing is more from the throat. They do not need to develop powerful voices like opera singers because they sing into microphones so that their voices are electronically amplified (made louder).

Voices singing music from different parts of the world may sound very different. Chinese singing sounds nasal (through the nose). In Mongolia there is a technique of overtone singing which sounds rather like a finger being rubbed against the rim of a wineglass. In Switzerland men often yodel.

Rap is a kind of singing in which the rhythm is the most important thing. The pitch is high and low, but not to any particular notes. Scat singing is rather like rap.

Acappella singing is vocal music specifically without instrumental accompaniment. The name is from Latin "a" (without) and "cappella" (musical accompaniment).

Cantata is a term that exclusively refers to accompanied singing, which is the exact opposite of Acappella.

Singing is something that can be enjoyed by everybody. A group of people singing together is often called a choir. People can sing in choirs or smaller groups or on their own (solos). People can sing for their own enjoyment (e.g. in the shower), or they can practise hard and sing in concerts to an audience.

Singing can be done alone ("a cappella") or it can be "accompanied" (usually with musical instruments).

Some people say they are “tone-deaf”, meaning that they cannot sing in tune. But almost everybody can learn to sing if they try hard enough.


Amish

The Amish are a group of people who live according to the Anabaptist tradition. They have a common history with other Baptist movements, such as the Mennonites.

The Amish are known for simple lifestyle, plain dress, and reluctance to adopt many conveniences of modern technology. The history of the Amish church began with a schism in Switzerland within a group of Swiss and Alsatian Anabaptists in 1693 led by Jakob Ammann. Those who followed Ammann became known as Amish. In the second half of the 19th century, the Amish divided into Old Order Amish and Amish Mennonites. During the 20th century, the Amish Mennonites assimilated, and took several of the conveniences modern technology has to offer. The Old Order Amish on the other hand, kept much of their traditional culture. When people speak of Amish today, they usually mean the Old Order Amish. There were other smaller splits as well. At the end of the 20th century, there were about 18 bigger groups of Amish.

Many of them emigrated to the United States. Today, most of the Amish live in Pennsylvania (Lancaster County), Indiana and Ohio, in the United States. This can still be seen with family names. In Lancaster County, almost 25 percent of the Amish have the name Stoltzfus (or Stoltzfoos), other common Amish names are Byler, Fisher, Petersheim, Lapp and King. In LaGrange, Indiana, most are named Borntrager, Miller or Schrock. In Allen County, Adams County, Indiana the names Graber, Grabill/Kraybill and Schwartz are common.

Many Amish people prefer simple lifestyles. They are usually farmers. Many of the old order Amish saw that between the two world wars, cars became more common. This automatic mobility weakened the sense of belonging together, and owning a car was a means to stand out from the community. For this reason, many groups forbid car ownership, they are less sceptical about using a car. Amish often live alongside other English settlers. In areas, where there are many Amish, there is also a number of taxi services, who will drive Amish people around.

Many Amish settlements are not connected to the electricity network. When they need electricity, they usually produce it themselves, often with diesel-powered engines. Many Amish do not allow posing for photographs; they say it is against their sense of humility and not standing out from the others. They are usually less strict about appearing on a photograph, where the person is not the subject of the picture).

Generally, they are friendly people in that they will wave to someone passing by. However, they live in rural Amish communities which are separate from mainstream American society. It is against their religion to pose for photographs. Often they will turn their head down and to the side if someone aims a camera in their direction.

Married men are not allowed to shave their beards, but they are also not allowed to have moustaches. Only unmarried men shave their faces.

Amish characters are in the movie Witness, starring Harrison Ford and Kelly McGillis.

Many of the people who emigrated kept their language, which is a dialect of German and known as Pennsylvania German or Pennsylvania Dutch. In 2012, it was estimated that there were between 350.000 and 420.000 speakers of Pennsilvania German. Pennsylvania German was relatively common until the time before the Second World War, with an estimate of about 800.000 speakers. During the war, people frowned upon German speakers, so many speakers did not teach the language to their children. Only conservative Baptists, such as Amish and Mennonites withstood the pressure, and sill taught the language to their children.

After the Second World War, the Amish started to run their own schools, where they teach their children, how to read, write, and calculate. Very often, they also learn German, to be able to read the religious texts. Subjects such as natural sciences, such as biology are not taught at school.



Jeddah

Jeddah (also spelled Jedda, Jiddah, Jidda, or Juddah; جدّة Ǧiddah) is a Saudi Arabian city. It is on the coast of the Red Sea (21.50° N 39.1667° E). It is the major urban center in western Saudi Arabia. Jeddah is the largest city in the Western Province, and the second largest city in Saudi Arabia after the capital city Riyadh. The city has over 3.4 million people. It is seen as the business capital of Saudi Arabia and the richest city in the Middle East and western Asia.

Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam, where able-bodied Muslims must go to at least once in a lifetime.

Jeddah has 23 sister cities (aka "twin towns"):

Horatio Nelson

Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson (29 September 1758 – 21 October 1805) was an English sea captain in the Royal Navy. He was born at the rectory of the village of Burnham Thorpe, Norfolk. 

Nelson commanded the British fleet during the Napoleonic Wars, fighting the French and Spanish. Nelson was blind in one eye, after being wounded in battle. During the Battle of Trafalgar, his greatest victory, he was killed by a French sniper.

At least three versions of his last words exist, and are shown in "wikiquote". 

His most well-known last words are, "Kiss me, Hardy".

Another statement during his last hours was, "Thank God I have done my duty."

Alternatively, he may have said both of these statements; "Kiss me, Hardy" and Hardy kissed him on the cheek. Then Nelson said, "Now I am satisfied. Thank God I have done my duty." Then Hardy kissed him again on the forehead and Nelson called out, "Who is that?" Hardy replied, "It is Hardy." Then Nelson said, "God bless you, Hardy." Then he murmoured to those around him to look after Emma Hamilton and his daughter.

Most recently are accounts of his chaplain, Alexander Scott; his steward, Chevalier; and the purser, Walter Burke. "Drink, drink. Fan, fan. Rub, rub" was a request to ease his symptoms of thirst, heat, and the pains of his wounds. 

Scott, who remained by Nelson as he died, recorded his last words as 'God and my country'.

Turquoise (color)

Turquoise is the color of the gem turquoise. It is a slightly greenish shade of cyan. Turquoise is sometimes described as a mixture of pale blue and green. The name comes from the French word for "Turkish". 



Amber (color)

The color amber is a yellow color. It got its name from the material known as amber. The amber color is halfway between yellow and orange on the color wheel.

The first recorded use of "amber" as a color name in English was in 1500.


Sea captain

A sea captain, also known as a skipper, is the leader on a ship. They are responsible for the safety of everyone on board. If the ship is in trouble, most captains will not leave unless everyone is safe.


Brain stem

The brainstem is the rear part of the brain. It has two sections: the hindbrain, which includes the pons and medula, and the midbrain.

Though the brainstem is small, it is extremely important. The motor (movement) and sensory connections from the main part of the brain to the rest of the body pass through the brain stem. Also, from the brainstem come the main motor and sensory nerves to the face and neck. These nerves are called the cranial nerves. The brainstem controls many bodily functions of which we are not normally aware, such as breathing, heart beat, and sweating. The brainstem controls functions which are unconscious, but necessary for life. 

The hindbrain consists of the pons, and the medulla oblongata; which is an extension of the spinal cord. It connects the other parts of the brain (the cerebrum and cerebellum) to the spinal cord. Its neurons are the control centre of bodily functions, such as breathing and blood pressure.


Ideology

An ideology is a collection of ideas or beliefs shared by a group of people. It may be a connected set of ideas, or a style of thought, or a world-view. It was coined by a French philosopher, Destutt de Tracy in 1801/5.

There are two main types of ideologies: "political ideologies", and "epistemological ideologies". Political ideologies are sets of ethical ideas about how a country should be run. Epistemological ideologies are sets of ideas about the philosophy, the Universe, and how people should make decisions.

There are many different types of ideologies. Communism, socialism, and capitalism are political/economical ideologies.

Many political parties base their political action and program on an ideology. In social studies, a political ideology is a certain ethical set of values, principles, doctrines, myths, or symbols of a social movement, institution, or class which explains how society should work. It offers a political and cultural blueprint for a certain social order. A political ideology largely concerns itself with how to allocate power and to what ends it should be used. Some parties follow a certain ideology very closely, while others may take broad inspiration from a group of related ideologies without specifically embracing any one of them.

Political ideologies have two dimensions:

An ideology is a collection of ideas. Typically, each ideology contains certain ideas on what it considers to be the best form of government (e.g. democracy, theocracy, etc.), and the best economic system (e.g. capitalism, socialism, etc.). Sometimes the same word is used to identify both an ideology and one of its main ideas. For instance, "socialism" may refer to an economic system, or it may refer to an ideology which supports that economic system.

Ideologies also identify themselves by their position on the political spectrum (such as the left, the center or the right), though this is very often controversial. Finally, ideologies can be distinguished from political strategies (e.g. populism) and from single issues that a party may be built around (e.g. legalization of marijuana). 

Today, many commentators claim that we are living in a post-ideological age, in which redemptive, all-encompassing ideologies have failed. This is often associated with Francis Fukuyama's writings on "the end of history".

Mauve

"This is an article about the colour mauve. For information on the Flemish painter, see Anton Mauve."

Mauve (pronounce to rhyme with "Jove" and "stove") is a pale purple colour. It is similar to lavender and lilac. The name comes from French form of "malva" meaning the "mallow" flower. 

Another name for this color is mallow.

The first recorded use of "mallow" as a colour name in English was in 1611. 

In 1856, an eighteen year old Chemist William Henry Perkin was trying to make artificial quinine. An unexpected residue caught his eye. It turned out to be the first aniline dye, mauveine.




Iran–Iraq War

The Iran–Iraq War was a war between the armed forces of Iraq and Iran lasting from September 1980 to August 1988. It began when Iraq invaded Iran on 22 September 1980, after a long history of border disputes and after Iran demanded the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's regime. Iraqi forces did well at the beginning of the war, taking Iranian Khuzestan province, but they were stopped and forced out of Iran before long. The war continued for years, and neither side gained much ground in the resulting trench warfare. About a million soldiers died, and a similar number of civilians. Both sides used blockade, which other countries opposed. Despite several calls for an end to the fighting by the United Nations Security Council, the two countries fought until 20 August 1988; the last prisoners of war were exchanged in 2003. The war changed politics in the Middle East and worldwide.

The Iran–Iraq War is also noted for Iraq's use of chemical weapons and biological weapons against Iranian troops and civilians. The role of the United States and Soviet Union was vital, dating back to the Cold War. In 1953, the US encouraged a coup d'état against Mohammad Mosaddegh, who was the Prime Minister of Iran. Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi returned to power, supporting his military and his government. The United States sold many weapons to the Shah's government. Meanwhile, revolutionaries of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party overthrew the king of Iraq and, with the help of the Soviet Union, built up their army. Starting with the United Arab Republic, they sought to unite all the Arabs into one state, including the Arab minority in Iran.

After the war started (especially between 1983 and 1988), the United States sold weapons to the Iraqis. This move was mainly due to America's interest in containing the revolutionary Ayatollah Khomeini. Thus, both the Soviet Union and the United States supplied Iraq with weapons against Iran. The United States had sold many weapons to Iran before the war. It was believed the Soviet Union was selling weapons to both sides during the war.

In the middle of the 20th century, the Ba'ath parties were ruling both in Syria and Iraq. The ideology behind Ba'athism is to unite the Arab regions and create a Pan-Arab state. The ideology is also oriented towards socialism. Although the Ba'ath ideology has nationalist roots and is not related to religion, Ba'ath leaders and politicians have often used religious outlets to gain popularity and support of the people. Although the Pan-Arab nationalism worked out in other Arab countries such as Egypt, this was a difficult case in Iraq. The reason for this, is the diversity of the Iraqi population. Because of the Sunni - Shi'a and Arab-Kurd divide, Iraq is seen as one of the most difficult countries to govern. It was especially difficult, as the Ba'ath party was dominantly Sunni, whereas the population of Iraq, the origin place of Shia Islam, is dominantly Shia (55%). The president of Iraq at the time, was Saddam Hussein, who took most of the power in his own hands and strived for strong Arab leadership. His ambitions to take the lead in the Arab world were also a key element for his later attack on Iran.
The Shatt al-Arab waterway, bordering Iraq and Iran, is crucial to Iraq, because it is its only major outlet to the sea. The waterway is controlled by Iraq and has been a source of tension between the states long before the Iranian revolution. The main reason for tension around this waterway has been its function as a border. Because of this, it has been an issue between the Ottomans and Iran. After the fall of the Ottoman Empire, the waterway was controlled by Iraq. However, in 1969 Shah Reza refused to pay fees for Iranian ships passing the waterway. He also started backing up Kurdish separatists groups in Northern Iraq. To stop the support of Iran to the Kurds, Saddam signed the Algiers agreement in 1975. Iran stopped supporting the Kurds, and the border was placed in the middle of the waterway. One of the reasons, according to Saddam himself, for being pressured to sign this agreement was the military advancement of Iran during the rule of the Shah. Saddam withdrew the agreement several days before invading Iran, in September 1980, drawing upon the importance of the waterway. Before and during the war, Saddam was vocal about the right of Iraq to Shatt al-Arab as well as Khuzestan, the bordering Iranian region that is mainly inhabited by Iranian Arabs.

The Pan-Islamic nature of the new Iranian state was in contrast with the Arab nationalist context of Iraq. After the establishment of the Islamic Republic in Iran, the secular yet authoritarian rule of Hussein felt threatened. A large Persian state posed a threat against the Pan-Arab ideology of Hussein. The Shia Muslims in Iraq were already posing a threat to Saddam by protesting and mobilizing against the Ba'ath regime. This only became worse after the Iranian revolutionaries called upon Iraqis also to initiate a revolution. Other than these political threats, Iraq was in a more fragile position geographically.

In Iran, the Pahlavi dynasty had been ruling since 1925, after the overthrow of the Qajar dynasty. The Pahlavi empire aimed to create a westernised and progressive Iranian state. The second and last monarch, Shah Mohammed Reza, started implementing bolder reforms that affected citizens' daily lives. As a reaction, opposition from all parts of society began growing. Especially clergymen were encouraging the people to stand up against westernization and strive for an Islamic state ruled by Islamic jurists. Khomeini was one of the leading clerics during the period of political tension. In 1977, these tensions led to large-scale demonstrations and eventually the exile of the Shah. In 1979, the Islamic Republic of Iran was officially established, headed by Ayatollah Khomeini. This sudden turn of events in Iran came as a surprise to most countries. The rise of a shia power caused concerns in several surrounding countries. Especially in Iraq, where the Shia majority was ruled by the Sunni minority. It was not only the rise to power of clerics that was concerning. Khomeini and his counterparts were also vocal about their desires to create Islamic states in the surrounding Muslim majority countries. The ultimate goal was to create a united Pan-Islamic state under Khomeini's rule.

Shah Mohammed Reza had invested a lot into the modernization of the Iranian army. He was fully backed by the United States, as they supported the anti-communist stance of Iran and saw this as an opportunity to have a state that supported US interests in that region. Thus, the Shah expanded navy, air and ground forces with modern weapons and imported western trainers for the army. For this reason, Iran became more capable than Iraq, also taking into account the army officers that were almost twice as many in Iraq. However, the revolution changed this military upper hand drastically. The revolutionaries did not understand the need for extensive arming supplies and did not want to be the policeman of the US. Therefore, Khomeini and his reign immediately canceled military contracts and sent away the western trainers. Because of the sudden regime change, the morale of the officers also lowered significantly, according to Iraqi intelligence at the time. A parallel military force was created by Khomeini, as the previous officers were in danger of a potential counter-revolution. These factors caused Iran to remain with a limited military force.

Iraq invaded Iran on September 22, 1980. Hussein was confident that the invasion would move swiftly, as the Iraqi army was well-equipped thanks to Saddam's investments in the military. Hussein also believed in a quick win due to intelligence reports stating that the Iranian army had been ineffective after the Iranian Revolution. It would later become clear that this invasion would benefit Khomeini by allowing him to eliminate his opposes and uniting his nation for national defense At the center of Iraq's objectives was the annexation of the East Bank of the Shaat Al-Arab waterway which had been the site of numerous border skirmishes between the two countries going back to the late 1960s. The president of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, also wanted to annex the Iranian province of Khuzestan, substantially populated by Iranian Arabs.

Iraq mobilized many aircraft to carry out air strikes on 15 cities and air bases in Iran, including the capital Tehran. Beginning in March 1982, Iranian forces shifted to the counter-offensive. On 29 June 1982, Iraq announced that it had withdrawn its forces from the occupied Iranian territory and the border between the two countries was restored to its pre-war status. Iranian defenses are focused on the northern front to block the main routes and delay the Iraqi army's advance. Iran blocked the momentum of the Iraqi offensive and gradually seized the initiative in the war. In September 1981, Iran launched a major counteroffensive. At the end of September, the Iraqi siege of Abadan was lifted with the launch of a major Abadan counter-offensive. On April 20, Iran again concentrated the forces of nearly three divisions, and a large number of revolutionary Guards, about 100,000, launched the "Jerusalem Al-Quds Operation" offensive to recover the city of Khorramshahr. After 25 days of fierce fighting, the city of Khorramshahr, an important port city in the south, was finally recaptured. On 10 June, Iraq proposed and unilaterally implemented a cease-fire, announced that it recognized the continued validity of the Algiers Agreement signed by the two countries in 1975, and was ready to negotiate with Iran based on the recognition of Iraq's fundamental rights.

1988 was the year when the Iran–Iraq War took a turning point. Between February and April, the two sides used hundreds of missiles to strike each other's towns, unleashing a "city assault" on an unprecedented scale.

The War lasted for seven years and 11 months (from September 2, 1980, to August 20, 1988, and successively experienced four strategic stages: Iraq's attack, Iran's counter-attack, Iran-Iraq stalemate, and Iraq's counter-attack. The two sides were inflexible and demanding too high a price for a ceasefire. And Iran planned to use up the entire country's resources to participate in there, their insistence on playing the long encouraged by its vast population and religious fanaticism.

The Iran–Iraq War was one of the longest wars of the 20th century. It was a veritable war of attrition, a pyrrhic war with no victor. Before the war, Iraq had foreign exchange reserves of us $37 billion. At the end of the war, its foreign debt was over US$70 billion, of which over US$40 billion was arms debt owed to western countries and the Soviet Union, and the ver US$30 billion was loans owed to other Arab countries.

Iraq suffered 180,000 deaths, 250,000 injuries, and $350 billion in direct losses (including military expenditures, war damage, and economic losses). Iran also owes $45 billion in foreign debt, has 350,000 deaths and more than 700,000 injuries, and 200,000 women in Tehran alone have lost their husbands; Direct losses of $300 billion. The war has set back the economic development plans of both countries by at least 20 to 30 years. The battle took a heavy toll on both countries, halting economic growth, plummeting oil exports, and killing millions. As a result, Iraq has also been saddled with a large debt, amounting to $14 billion for Kuwait alone. That was one of the reasons Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait.

At the end of the war, the national border between the two countries was restored to the pre-war situation.

The mediation of the international community failed several times. Iran and Iraq did not accept the mediation of the United Nations until July 1988, and the formal armistice ended in August. From the perspective of international factors, the US and the Soviet Union's interference doomed the war to be inconclusive and protracted from the beginning, which restricted meaningful outcomes and caused unjustifiable long-lasting social and political problems.

The United States and the Soviet Union happened to have a similar position on the Iran–Iraq War: they both adopted the policy of neutrality and balance of power and tried to maintain the balance of power on both sides. They both wooed and suppressed Iran, but there were differences in tactics. Both Iraq and Iran are located in the Gulf region, which is extremely important in the global strategy of the United States and the Soviet Union. Although the United States and the Soviet Union declared neutral and not directly involved in the Gulf region, they grouped up with their allies. They took advantage of the opportunity of the war to step up the competition in the Gulf region and squeeze out each other for their own national benefit.

The Iran–Iraq War is an international interpretation of this war, and it has various titles depending on the country. It is known, in Iran, as "the Iraqi Invasion", "the Holy War of Resistance", and "the Iranian Revolutionary War". In Iraq, it is known as "Saddam Hussein's Qadisyah". Essentially, the war was an eight-year direct military conflict between Iran and Iraq.

Both Iraq and Iran suffered heavy losses in the war. When the failed to make progress on the battlefield, they tried to destroy the enemy's logistics and economic facilities by attacking cities, ships, and oil fields. Many ships from other countries suffered casualties. As the Iran-Iraq ship attack affected the interests of non-belligerent countries, Kuwait, in November and December, 1986, the United States, the Soviet Union, China, France, and the United Kingdom, the five permanent members of the United Nations, proposed to charter ships and escort requirements.


Germ

Germ may refer to:


Lavender (color)

Lavender, a popular color, is a light tone of violet.

The name comes from the flower of the lavender plant. Originally, the name "lavender" only meant the color of this flower. The color of the flower is still the standard for lavender but there are many other tones of light or medium violet now called "lavender" also.

The color of the flower can also be called "floral lavender". Other shades of lavender can range in hue from pinkish purple through violet to blueish-indigo. They can also range from light and pale to medium and greyish shades.

By 1930, the book "A Dictionary of Color" identified three major tones of lavender--"[floral] lavender", "lavender gray", and "lavender blue", and in addition a fourth tone of lavender called "old lavender" (a dark lavender gray) (all four of these shades of lavender are shown below). By 1955, the "ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names" listed dozens of different shades of lavender.

The first recorded use of the word "lavender" as a color term in English was in 1705.



Lilac (colour)

Lilac is a light violet colour. It is named after the colour of the lilac flower. The actual colour of the flowers of the plant may range from the colour of the lilac flowers shown at left to a richer or deeper colour. These colours, such as "rich lilac" and "deep lilac", are shown in the colour chart below.

The first written use of "lilac" as a colour name in English was in 1775.


Some lilac flowers are coloured tones of lilac and other lilac flowers are coloured tones of red-violet. Those lilac flowers that are coloured red-violet are said to be coloured Persian lilac. Therefore, two different colour comparison charts are provided. 
"See also red-violet"


Rajkumar

Dr. Rajkumar (Real Name: Singanalluru Puttaswamayya Muthuraju April 24, 1929—April 12,2006) was the most popular actor in Kannada's movie industry. He was seen as a role model to millions of Kannadigas.

"Dr. Raj" or "Natasarvabhouma" or "Annavru" (Big Brother) to millions of his fans, he was also called the John Wayne of South Indian cinema. He acted in more than 200 movies over 50 years. Most of his movies have become very important in the Kannada movie industry. He was also a well-known singer.

Nicholas

Nicholas is a male first name. 
The name is derived from the Greek name “Nikólaos” and is developed out nikáo “triumphs” and laós “people”. After the Greek word use the name can mean both “winner of the people” and “winner over the people”.


Freedom fighter

A freedom fighter is a person who thinks their native ethnic group is not free, and is working to have freedom for their group. Most often this means that a freedom fighter wants their people to have own nation and independence and/or get rid of oppressors. People who think like this are said to think in a nationalist way

Freedom fighter is a "relativistic" term - this means a person decides by his or her point of view if he call some persons or groups freedom fighters or not. Freedom fighter is a "positive" term - this means that he or she calls a person "freedom fighter" only if he or she supports the goals of the freedom fighter. If people do not support his goals, they probably use more "negative" terms like insurgent, terrorist, rebel or criminal.

Freedom fighters are often called terrorists by their opponents if they hurt civilians. However, not all freedom fighters hurt civilians. Some freedom fighters damage the opposing military. Some freedom fighters damage property - this is called sabotage. There are also freedom fighters who do not use violence at all. For example, Mahatma Gandhi and Dalai Lama.

These are examples of groups who call themselves freedom fighters.


•Assassin's Creed is based around a group of freedom fighters.

•The Hunger Games is set in a dystopia that later features freedom fighters.

Grain (disambiguation)

A "cereal" grain is the seed of a grass, a simple dry fruit technically called a caryopsis. Grain may also refer to:


Wood grain

Wood grain describes the , and appearance of the wood . This is often important in its effect on woodworking techniques (e.g. against the grain).

In describing the alignment of the wood in the tree a distinction may be made. Basic grain descriptions and types include:
In addition, there are a few special grain alignments. Their rarity often promotes the value of both the raw material, and the finished work it becomes a part of. These include:


In describing the application of a woodworking technique to a given piece of wood, the direction of the technique might be:

In a wider sense, the term grain may also be applied to the orientation of the cut, the way a given piece of wood has been sawn: 

Groove (joinery)

In joinery, a groove is a slot or trench cut into a member which runs parallel to the grain. A groove is something else than a dado, which runs across the grain. 

Grooves are used for several purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields. Typically, a groove is used to house the panels in frame and panel construction and the bottoms drawers.

A groove may be "through", meaning that it passes all the way through the surface and its ends are open, or "stopped", meaning that one or both of the ends finish before the groove meets edge of the surface.

A groove can be cut by the following methods:

Joinery

Joinery could mean:


Sepultura

Sepultura is a thrash metal/death metal/groove metal band from Brazil that has sold over 15 million albums worldwide. The brothers Max and Igor Cavalera started it in Belo Horizonte in 1984. The two brothers have left the band since, Max in 1996, and Igor in 2006, with American singer Derrick Green and drummer Jean Dolabella replacing them after their exits, although Dolabella left in 2011 to be replaced with Eloy Casagrande.

The band's name is Portuguese for the word "grave". The Cavalera brothers chose this name after translating English band Motorhead's song called "Dancing On Your Grave".

Singer Wagner Lamounier and bass player Paulo Jr. were the first stable members to join the band along the Cavaleras. Lamounier left after a year, and Max decided to sing and play guitar. The band added a second guitar player named Jairo Guedez. These members recorded their first album, "Morbid Visions", in 1986. The song "Troops of Doom" from this album gave the band some popularity.

Guedez left after the album was released, being replaced by Andreas Kisser. This line-up lasted until 1996 and did many things. They recorded five more albums from 1987 to 1996. Sepultura began to play music that sounded more like thrash metal than death or black metal for their next three albums: "Schizophrenia" (1987), "Beneath The Remains" (1989) and "Arise" (1991). Their next two albums sounded more like groove metal. They were named "Chaos A.D." (1993) and "Roots" (1996). Popular songs from "Chaos A.D." include "Refuse/Resist" and "Territory". On "Roots", they had a song they recorded with the Brazilian Xavantes tribe called Itsari, who also toured with them.

Conflicts between Max and the other members led to Max leaving the band. He was replaced with American singer Derrick Green. Although the band's album sales lowered with each album released with Green, he is still in the group. With Sepultura, Green has helped record the albums "Against" (1998), "Nation" (2001), "Roorback" (2003), "Dante XXI" (2006), "A-Lex" (2009) and "Kairos" (2011).

After Sepultura released "Dante XXI" in 2006"," Igor Cavalera left the band. A year later, he made up with his brother Max, and the two formed The Cavalera Conspiracy. Igor's first replacement in Sepultura was Jean Dolabella, who recorded "A-Lex" and "Kairos" with the band before quitting. The band's drummer today is Eloy Casagrande.





Dalai Lama

The Dalai Lama is a religious figure in Tibetan Buddhism. He is its highest spiritual teacher of the Gelugpa school. A new Dalai Lama is said to be the reborn old Dalai Lama. This line goes back to 1391. The 14th and current Dalai Lama is Tenzin Gyatso.

Between the 17th century and 1959, the Dalai Lama was the head of the Tibetan government. During the winter, the Dalai Lamas stayed in the Potala palace. In the summer they lived in the Norbulingka palace. These two palaces are both in Lhasa, Tibet. In 1959, the Dalai Lama had to escape from Tibet to Dharamsala, India. This is still his base to this day.

Dalai Lama is the title of the Tibetan Buddhism leader. "Dalai" is originally from Mongolian which means "ocean" and "Lama" is original from Tibetan which means "the highest principle". In 1653, during the Qing Dynasty, this title was authorized to Dalai Lama V by the Chinese Emperor for the first time.

The 13th Dalai Lama, Thubten Gyatso, expelled all Chinese civilians from the country, and instituted many measures to modernise Tibet. These included rules to curb excessive demands on peasants and tax evasion by the nobles. He sett up an independent police force, abolished the death penalty, extended secular education, and brought electricity tto the city of Lhasa in the 1920s. Thubten Gyatso died in 1933.

The 14th Dalai Lama was not formally enthroned until 17 November 1950, during the People's Republic of China invasion of Tibet (1950–1951). Fearing for his life, he fled to India where he has led a government-in-exile since. With the aim of launching guerrilla operations against the Chinese, the Central Intelligence Agency funded the Dalai Lama $1.7 million a year in the 1960s. In 2001, he gave up his absolute power over the government to an elected parliament of selected Tibetan exiles. His original goal was full independence for Tibet, but by the late 1980s, he was seeking high-level autonomy instead. He is still seeking greater autonomy from China, although Dolma Gyari, deputy speaker of the parliament-in-exile has stated "If the middle path fails in the short term, we will be forced to opt for complete independence or selfdetermination as per the UN charter".

Serenity (movie)

Serenity is a 2005 science fiction space western movie. It was written and directed by Joss Whedon. The movie takes place in the fictional universe of the cancelled FOX science fiction television series "Firefly". It takes place about two months after the final episode, "Objects in Space". That is 500 years in the future.

"Serenity" is the story of the captain and crew of a transport and cargo spacecraft. The captain and first mate fought together on the losing side of the Unification War. Their lives of small crime are interrupted by a passenger with mental abilities who has a dangerous secret.

The movie was released in North America on September 30, 2005 by Universal Pictures. It received good reviews. It made $10.1 million during its first weekend. The movie made $25.5 million in the United States and $13.3 million in other countries.

Fans call the movie the "Big Damn Movie" ("BDM"). This is a reference to a line from the "Firefly" episode "Safe" in which Mal and Zoe call themselves "big damn heroes" after rescuing River and Simon.


The movie is based on "Firefly", a television series that was cancelled by Fox in December 2002. Fox stopped the show after 11 of its 14 episodes had been shown. After trying to get another network to show the series, creator Joss Whedon tried to sell it as a movie. He was introduced to Mary Parent with Universal Pictures, who agreed to make the movie after watching the episodes on DVD.

After Universal Studios got the movie rights to "Firefly" from Fox, Whedon began writing the screenplay. Universal wanted to start making the movie in October 2003 but problems with the script made them have to wait until June 2004 to start of shooting the movie. Universal did not want to spend the normal amount of money for a story set in space ($100 million). Whedon told them he could do it for less. He also told them he could do it in 50 days, instead of the usual 80 days. On March 3, 2004 the movie was greenlighted to start being made. It was shown to have budget of only $40 million.

They started filming the movie on June 3 2004. Joss Whedon said that the movie would be called "Serenity" to keep it separate from the TV series. All nine of the main actors from the television series (Adam Baldwin, Alan Tudyk, Gina Torres, Jewel Staite, Morena Baccarin, Nathan Fillion, Ron Glass, Sean Maher, and Summer Glau) returned for the movie. On September 17 2004, Joss Whedon said on the movie's official site that shooting was done.

Whedon had to take a television series that not many people had seen and explain the idea of the movie. He had to do this without boring the audience or the fans of the television series. He did this by doing things in the beginning of the movie. At first, it is a just a voice telling what has happened. It then is shown to be a school room where the voice was that of the teacher. They next showed that this was all just memories in one of the character's mind.

Since the budget was not very large, physical special effects were used as much as possible. They made as sets and props as they could to use less CGI effects. The most technically challenging scene was the mule skiff chase. Because it would cost too much, a gimbal (a hydraulic turntable) and CGI, like the pod race scene in "" could not be used. The production team to find other ways to do things. They built a trailer connected to the "hover craft" in the movie and shot the scene while riding up a highway north of Santa Clarita. "Serenity" visual effects supervisor Loni Peristere said in a Los Angeles Times article: "Traditionally this would have been, like, a 30-day shoot. I think we did it in five."

One item from the television show that could not be used again was the original set of the inside of the ship "Serenity". It had to be built for the movie, using images from the "Firefly" DVD set. The company that did the graphics for the series also had to change the computer model of "Serenity". The television model was not good enough for high-definition cinema screens and HD DVD.

Five hundred years into the future, mankind has left Earth. All the people moved to a new large star system. The system is controlled by the Alliance. Away from the "core planets" people like the crew of the cargo ship "Serenity" can make a living if they stay away from Alliance ships and the Reavers - space-faring cannibals who raid the planets of "the Rim." One of the Alliance's projects is the creation of a group of warriors with mental powers. The star of this project is teenager River Tam. After her older brother Simon rescues her, the Alliance Parliament sends "The Operative", a man with no name, rank or official existence after them.

About eight months after River and Simon have joined "Serenity's" crew, the ship's captain Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds takes River with him to rob a bank. While they are robbing the bank, Reavers attack. After they escape back to "Serenity", Simon argues with Mal. Mal decides to leave Simon and River at their next stop. While at their next stop, River starts a fight that is started by a subliminal message broadcast by the Alliance in a commercial. Mal lets Simon and River keep traveling on "Serenity" while the crew talks to a techno-geek known as Mr. Universe. Mr. Universe lives on a planet inside a giant cloud of objects in space that does not let people see there is a planet there. Mr. Universe watches a video of the fight and finds the subliminal message. He also sees that River said the name "Miranda." Mal gets a call from Inara, a former passenger. He knows it is a trap, but also knows that she must be in danger. Mal goes to her. He is confronted by the Operative. The Operative tells Mal that he will let him go if Mal turns River over to him. Mal refuses and they escape from the Operative and go back to "Serenity". The crew finds out that "Miranda" is an unknown planet near the edge of the solar system. To get to Miranda, they would have to cross into Reaver territory. They think this is too dangerous. "Serenity" instead goes to Haven which is home to another former passenger, Shepherd Book. When they get to Haven, the crew sees that it has been attacked by the Alliance. They also see that Shepherd Book was hurt very bad and dying. The Operative sends a message saying he did it. He said he will keep doing things like it until River is given to him.

Mal orders that "Serenity" be made to look like a Reaver ship. They get the disguised ship through a fleet of Reaver warships. When they get to Miranda, the crew finds everyone that lived there is dead. There are dead bodies everywhere but they can not tell how the people died. The crew finds a video made after the disaster by an Alliance ship. It tells them that the Alliance made a chemical that was susposed to stop aggression and make the planet free of violence. The chemical worked so well that the people stopped doing everything, including eating, and let themselves die. In a tenth of a percent of the people, the chemical had the opposite effect. It turned them very aggressive and caused mental problems: they became the Reavers. Mal wanted to show this secret to all the worlds by using Mr. Universe's equipment. The Operative figures out where they are going and waits just outside of Reaver space with an Alliance fleet. Knowing that the Operative is likely to be waiting for them, "Serenity" opens fire on one of the Reaver ships while coming back. The other Reaver ships chase after them. "Serenity" leaves Reaver space and pass through the cloud around Mr. Universe's planet while being chased by the entire Reaver fleet. There is a large fight between the Alliance and the Reavers. The fight lets "Serenity's" pilot Wash to fly down to the planet. The Operative's ship is destroyed, and he also goes to the planet in an escape pod.

"Serenity" crashes on the planet. While the ship is damaged very badly, the crew has survived. Just as everyone begins to relax, a Reaver harpoon hits Wash, and kills him. The crew leaves "Serenity" and finds a place to fight off the Reavers while Mal goes to get to Mr. Universe and send the message. Mal finds Mr. Universe has been killed and his equipment is destroyed. He finds a message that tells him about a hidden backup transmitter. The Reavers attack the crew, and make them move back. The crew tries to close a blast door, but it will not shut all the way. River dives through the hole in the door and closes it from the other side. This traps her with the Reavers. Mal gets to the other transmitter. The Operative gets there also and they fight. Mal wins but does not kill the Operative. He leaves him to watch the video from Miranda as it is being broadcast. Mal goes back to his crew. As he is told what River did, the blast door opens to reveal River standing unhurt on an large pile of dead Reavers. A group of Alliance soldiers show up but the Operative orders them not to fight because of what he has seen on the video. The crew buried their dead and fixed "Serenity". "Serenity" leaves the planet with Mal in Wash's seat as the pilot, and River as his copilot.


While the movie shows the Alliance as an all-powerful regime, Whedon is careful to point out that it is not that simple. "The Alliance isn't some evil empire", he says, but a largely benevolent bureaucratic force. The Alliance’s main problem is that it cannot and should not try to control all the different cultures that are a part of it. The crew of Serenity, and specifically Mal, show the idea that people should have the right to chose for themselves, even if those choices are bad.

The Operative is all that the Alliance stands for. He is, as Whedon described, the "perfect product of what's wrong with the Alliance". He is someone who is a force for good, who wants to help make his (and the Alliance's) image of a "world without sin." The Operative believes so much in this idea that he do anything to make create that world . Mal is the opposite. At the movie's beginning, he is a man who has lost all faith. By the end of the movie, however, Mal finally believes in something—freedom of choice—so strongly that he is willing to die to preserve it. Whedon has said that the most important line in the movie is Mal's to the Operative at its end: "I'm going to show you a world without sin." Whedon's point is that a world without sin is a world without choice, and that choice is what defines humanity. The Operative, who does only what he is told to do, and the inhuman Reavers, created by the Alliance's need to control people, are only two examples of this theme.


Woodworking joints

Joinery often refers to the part of woodworking that involves the joining together of parts of wood.

Traditional wood joinery techniques use
the distinctive material properties of wood, often without mechanical fasteners. There are different types of joinery for different structures, for example the joinery used
to build a house is different from that used to make puzzle toys,
although elements overlap.

Wood is strong when stressed along the grain (longitudinally), but weak across it (radially and tangentially). It expands and contracts in response to humidity.
This change is very small longitudinally. It is considerable, but unequal,
in the radial and tangential directions.

Two of the most common traditions of joinery are Japanese and European. The Japanese in particular developed hundreds of types of joints and their furniture was often held together without glue or nails.



George Grenville

George Grenville (14 October 1712–13 November 1770) was Prime Minister of Great Britain. He was a member of the Whig Party. He was one of the few prime ministers who never was given a title of nobility.

Grenville was the second son of Richard Grenville and Hester Temple. His older brother was Richard Grenville-Temple. Grenville went to school at Eton College and at Christ Church College, Oxford. He entered Parliament in 1741 as member for Buckingham, and represented Buckingham until his death.

As Treasurer of the Navy in 1758 he introduced and carried a bill which established a fairer system of paying the wages of sailors. He stayed in office in 1761, when Pitt resigned, and in the administration of Lord Bute acted as Leader of the House of Commons. In May 1762 he became Secretary of State for the Northern Department, and in October First Lord of the Admiralty; and in April 1763 he became First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer. 

While Prime Minister, his government oversaw the prosecution of John Wilkes and the passing of the American Stamp Act 1765, which led to the first disagreements between American colonies and Great Britain that led to the American Revolutionary War. 

After many years of being Prime Minister, he began to have disagreements with young king George III. The king started to think that the Prime Minister was using him as a puppet. The king convinced Rockingham to become the new Prime Minister and Grenville never held an office again.

Grenville was called the "gentile shepherd" because he bored the House by asking over and over again, during the debate on the Cider Bill of 1763, that somebody should tell him "where" to lay the new tax if it was not to be put on cider. Pitt whistled the air of the popular tune "Gentle Shepherd, tell me where", and the House laughed. Though few excelled him in a knowledge of the forms of the House or in mastery of administrative details, he lacked tact in dealing with people and with affairs.

In 1749 Grenville married Elizabeth Wyndham (before 1731-5 December 1769), daughter of Sir William Wyndham. They had seven children.

Harald Hardrada

Harald Sigurdsson was also known as Harald of Norway (; – 25 September 1066). He was also called Hardrada (, modern Norwegian: ("stern counsel" or "hard ruler") in the sagas). 

Harald was King of Norway (as Harald III) from 1046 to 1066. Also, he unsuccessfully claimed the Danish throne until 1064 and the English throne in 1066. Before becoming king, Harald had spent about fifteen years in exile as a mercenary and military commander in Kievan Rus' and of the Varangian Guard in the Byzantine Empire.

When he was fifteen years old, in 1030, Harald fought with his half-brother Olaf against Cnut (Canute). Olaf sought to reclaim the Norwegian throne, which he had lost to the Danish king Cnut the Great two years before. In the battle, Olaf and Harald were defeated by forces loyal to Cnut. Harald was forced into exile to the Kievan Rus'. After some time in the army of Grand Prince Yaroslav the Wise, he moved on to Constantinople with his companions around 1034. In Constantinople, he commanded the Byzantine Varangian Guard. 

Harald got wealthy during his time in the Byzantine Empire. He shipped the money to Yaroslav in Kievan Rus' for safekeeping. He finally left the Byzantines in 1042. He arrived back in Kievan Rus' to prepare his campaign of reclaiming the Norwegian throne. In his absence Olaf's illegitimate son Magnus the Good had got the throne. Magnus had also become king of Denmark.

In 1046, Harald joined forces with Magnus's rival in Denmark the pretender Sweyn II of Denmark, and started raiding the Danish coast. Magnus, unwilling to fight his uncle, agreed to share the kingship with Harald, since Harald in turn would share his wealth with him. The co-rule ended abruptly the next year as Magnus died, so Harald became the sole ruler of Norway. 

Domestically, Harald crushed all opposition, and outlined the union of Norway under a national rule. Harald's reign was probably one of relative peace and stability, and he set up a viable coin economy and foreign trade. Probably seeking to restore Cnut's "North Sea Empire", Harald also claimed the Danish throne, and spent nearly every year until 1064 raiding the Danish coast and fighting his former ally, Sweyn. Although the campaigns were successful, he was never able to conquer Denmark.

Not long after Harald had renounced his claim to Denmark, the former Earl of Northumbria, Tostig Godwinson, brother of the English king Harold Godwinson, pledged his allegiance to Harald and invited him to claim the English throne. Harald invaded Northern England with 10,000 troops and 300 longships in September 1066, raided the coast and defeated English regional forces of Northumbria and Mercia in the Battle of Fulford near York. Although initially successful, Harald was defeated and killed in an attack by Harold Godwinson's forces in the Battle of Stamford Bridge, which wiped out almost his entire army. Modern historians have often considered Harald's death, which brought an end to his invasion, as the end of the Viking Age. The famous Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records these events.

Normans

The Normans were Vikings who settled in northern France. There they made a kingdom called Normandy.

In 1066 the Normans attacked England and took over. The battle was called The Battle Of Hastings. They ruled England for about 300 years. There they built the Tower of London, Windsor Castle and many other stone castles.

Normans wore woollen tunics and sometimes they wore a waistband to keep the tunic in place. The men also wore long cloaks.

Normans ate dairy, oatmeal porridge, green vegetables and sometimes meat. They often used honey as a sweetener and for mead (an alcoholic drink).

Normans built many stone castles that often had moats around them to protect them from intruders.

Norman houses had a wooden frame with sticks and twigs woven in between, which is called wattle, and then it was all covered in a layer of daub which was made from mud, wet clay, dung and straw. The roofs were usually thatched.

Diarmuid MacMurrough, King of Leinster kidnapped the King of Breifne’s wife. Then Rory O’Connor, the High King of Ireland fired him from being the King of Leinster. Diarmuid still wanted to be king so he hired some Normans, lead by Strongbow to help him get the throne back. Diarmuid had to pay Strongbow so he said that he could marry his daughter and become king when Diarmuid died. Strongbow agreed to this. They first came to Ireland at Bannow Bay, Wexford in 1169 and soon they got the throne back for Diarmuid. King Henry II, King of England and part of France, thought that Strongbow was getting too powerful since Strongbow wasn’t actually the king, so Henry decided to take over the whole of Ireland. He sent over some other Normans who arrived at Ireland in Baginbun, Wexford in 1170. Then King Henry II became King of Ireland as well.

While the Normans were in Ireland they built the original Dublin castle and many other stone castles.

Normans probably introduced rabbits and fallow deer to Ireland for meat and skins.

Captain

Captain is a military rank. 

Captains are officers in an army. In a navy, the commander of an entire ship is called "Captain" even if he is actually a lower rank. A Navy Captain rank is equal to the army rank of colonel. Another type of captain may command a merchant vessel or other ship that is not in a navy. 

There are also captains in other uniformed organisations, including the police. A leader of a sports team is also called a captain, as well as the pilot of an airliner.

Wire rope

Wire rope consists of several strands laid (or 'twisted') together like a helix. Each strand is likewise made of metal wires laid together like a helix. Initially wrought iron wires were used, but today steel is the main material used for wire ropes.

Modern wire rope was invented by the German mining engineer Wilhelm Albert in the years between 1831 and 1834 for use in mining in the Harz Mountains in Clausthal, Lower Saxony, Germany. It was quickly accepted because it was better than ropes made of hemp or to metal chains, such as had been used before.

Wilhelm Albert's first ropes consisted of wires twisted about a hemp rope core, six such strands then being twisted around another hemp rope core in alternating directions for extra stability. Earlier forms of wire rope had been made by covering a bundle of wires with hemp.

In America wire rope was later manufactured by John A. Roebling, forming the basis for his success in suspension bridge building. Roebling introduced a number of innovations in the design, materials and manufacture of wire rope.

Manufacturing a wire rope is similar to making one from natural fibres. The individual wires are first twisted into a strand, then six or so such strands again twisted around a core. This core may consist of steel, but also of natural fibres such as sisal, manila, henequen, jute, or hemp. This is used to cushion off stress forces when bending the rope.

The specification of a wire rope type, including the number of wires per strand, the number of strands, and the lay of the rope, are is documented using a commonly accepted coding system, with abbreviations. For example, the rope shown in the figure "Wire rope construction" is designated:

6x19 FC RH OL FSWR

Each of the sections of the wire rope designation described above is variable. There are therefore a large number of combinations of wire rope that can be specified in this manner. The following abbreviations are commonly used to specify a wire rope.

Liekkiö

Finnish mythology has several different kinds of Liekkiö ("flamey"). One of them is Ihtiriekko, a ghost of a bastard child.

Stories tell that a woman had sex with someone else than her husband. Maybe she did not even have a husband. She then get pregnant and gave birth to a baby. This way to make a baby was not accepted by church and society - that kind of baby is called bastard. Mother had to kill her bastard child to avoid being blamed by priests or other people. Mother then buried child outside graveyard and without priests blessing the body. The soul of the baby could not go to heaven because their body was not at a graveyard and was not blessed by a priest. This is why they became a ghost.

This ghost could make terrible noise until somebody dugs up their body and buries it in graveyard. Such ghost people are called Ihtiriekko. Ghosts could also be quiet, but they might be seen as a flame in forest, like will o' the wisp. Such ghost people are called Liekkiö.

Bastard

A bastard is a person who was born of parents who are not married to one another. It is considered by some cultures and individuals as a nasty or insulting word, or sometimes even profanity, with the term illegitimate being a little more polite. Some cultures see illegitimate children as dirty or bad, and only accept sexual relations between married couples.


Gödel number

In formal number theory a Gödel numbering is a function which assigns to each symbol and formula of some formal language a unique natural number called a Gödel number (GN). The concept was first used by Kurt Gödel for the proof of his incompleteness theorem. 

A Gödel numbering can be interpreted as an encoding where a number is assigned to each symbol of a mathematical notation, and a stream of natural numbers can then represent some form or function. A numbering of the set of computable functions can then be represented by a stream of Gödel numbers (also called effective numbers). Rogers' equivalence theorem states criteria for which those numberings of the set of computable functions are Gödel numberings. 

Given a countable set "S", a Gödel numbering is an injective function
with both "f" and formula_2 (the inverse of "f") being computable functions.

One of the simplest Gödel numbering schemes is used every day: The correspondence between integers and their representations as strings of symbols. For example, the sequence 2 3 is understood, by a particular set of rules, to correspond to the number twenty-three. Similarly, strings of symbols from some alphabet of "N" symbols can be encoded by identifying each symbol with a number from 0 to "N" and reading the string as the base "N"+1 representation of an integer.



Formal language

In mathematics, computer science and linguistics, a formal language is one that has a particular set of symbols, and whose expressions are made according to a particular set of rules. The symbol formula_1 is often used as a variable for formal languages in logic.

Unlike natural languages, the symbols and formulas in formal languages are syntactically and semantically related to one another in a precise way. As a result, formal languages are completely (or almost completely) void of ambiguity.

Some examples of formal languages include:


A formal language can be specified in a great variety of ways, such as:





Alphabet (computer science)

In computer science, an alphabet is a finite non-empty set. The elements of an alphabet are called the letters or symbols of the alphabet.

An example of an alphabet is formula_1 which may be used for Morse code or "{begin, if, else, for, while}" which may be the keywords of a Programming language.

The set of natural numbers is not an alphabet because as it is not finite.

The alphabet which is used the most in computer science is "{0,1}". It is called the binary alphabet because it contains two symbols. An alphabet can be used to make a string (or word). This is a finite Sequence of letters from the alphabet. For example, a string of length 5 over "{0,1}" is "01101".

The empty string is the string containing no letters (it is often written as formula_2). The empty string is a string over any alphabet.

If we have an alphabet called formula_3, then we write the set of "all" strings that can be made from formula_3 as formula_5. This is called the Kleene star (or Kleene closure) of formula_3. It is named after the mathematician Stephen Cole Kleene.

The Kleene star of the binary alphabet is formula_7. The three dots after 001, show that we cannot write the Kleene star of an alphabet in full because it is an infinite set.

Alphabets are important because they are used in studying formal languages, finite automata and very difficult questions in computer science about what can be computed and what can not.



Empty string

The empty string is the unique string of no characters over some alphabet Σ. It is written as "ε" or "λ". The length of this empty string is 0. 

In simple words, given some characters of an alphabet, the empty string is the "word" that can be made if no letters are used. There is of course only one such word.

Under concatenation, the empty string is the identity element of the free monoid on Σ. That is, for any string "s", "s"ε = ε"s" = s.

In many programming languages, the empty string is written with two double quotes: """". The empty string is also sometimes noted by the Greek letter λ.

In C, the empty string is represented by a character array with a null character in the zeroeth position. Note that all strings in C are terminated by a null character.

Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats

Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats is a book of poems about cats. The cats in these poems act like humans. It is by T. S. Eliot. It was first sold in 1939. Andrew Lloyd Webber used most of the poems in his musical "Cats".

Contents of "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats" by T. S. Eliot:


Concatenation

Concatenation is a simple concept from linguistics, mathematics and computer science. It is a way of making a new word (or string), by joining two (or more) other strings. For example, the concatenation of "snow" and "ball" is "snowball". In most languages if we write x = "snow" + "ball", then the value of x will be "snowball". But to do the same in SQL we would write "snow"||"ball".

Identity element

In mathematics, the identity element (or neutral element) of a set is a special element of that set. It is special because if it is combined with another element of that set, it does not change the other element.

With addition, the identity element is 0, because adding 0 to some number does not change the number. With multiplication, it is 1. In a group (an algebraic structure in mathematics), the identity element is sometimes denoted by the symbol formula_1.


Inverse function

An inverse function is a concept of mathematics. A function will calculate some output formula_1, given some input formula_2. This is usually written formula_3. The inverse function does the reverse. Let's say formula_4 is the inverse function of formula_5, then formula_6. Or otherwise put, formula_7. An inverse function to formula_5 is usually called formula_9. It is not to be confused with formula_10, which is a reciprocal function.

If formula_11 over real formula_2, then formula_13

To find the inverse function, swap the roles of formula_2 and formula_1 and solve for formula_1. For example, formula_17 would turn to formula_18, and then formula_19. This shows that the inverse function of formula_17 is formula_21.

Not all functions have inverse functions: for example, function formula_22 has none (because formula_23, and formula_24 cannot be both 1 and -1), but every binary relation has its own inverse relation.

In some cases, finding the inverse of a function can be very difficult to do.


Countable set

In mathematics (particularly set theory), a countable set is a set whose elements can be counted. A set with one thing in it is countable, and so is a set with one hundred things in it. A set with all the natural numbers (counting numbers) in it is countable too. This is because even if it is infinite, someone who counts forever would not miss any of the numbers. The sets which has the same size as the natural numbers are therefore called countably infinite. The size of these sets are then written as formula_1(aleph-null)—the first of the aleph numbers. Sometimes when people say 'countable set' they mean countable and infinite. Georg Cantor coined the term.

Countable sets include all sets with a finite number of members, no matter how many.

Countable sets also include some infinite sets, such as the natural numbers. Since it is impossible to actually count infinite sets, we consider them countable if we can find a way to list them all without missing any. The natural numbers have been nicknamed "the counting numbers", since they are what we usually use to count things with.

You can count the natural numbers with formula_2

You can count the whole numbers with formula_3

You can count the integers with formula_4

You can count the square integer numbers with formula_5

The rational numbers are also countable, but its counting becomes tricky. We can't just list the fractions as (0/1, 1/1, -1/1, 2/1, -2/1...) since we will never get to 1/2 this way. However, we can list all of the rational numbers in the form of a table. The horizontal rows are the numerators, while the vertical columns are the denominators. We can then zigzag through the list, starting at 1/1, then 2/1, then 1/2, then 1/3, then 2/2, then 3/1, then 4/1, then 3/2, then 2/3, etc. If we keep this up, we will get to all of the numbers on the table in due time. Each time we hit a new rational number that is new, we add it to the list of counted numbers. We don't want to count numbers twice, so when we hit 3/6, for example, we can skip it, because we already counted the rational number 1/2. In this way, we produce an infinite list with all the rational numbers. Therefore, the rational numbers are countable.

Suppose the integers are counted differently, as

This does not prove that the integers are uncountable, but it does illustrate what one might call a "failed" effort to count a set, because it is never possible to reach formula_7. Not all sets are countable. For example, the interval formula_8 and the set of real numbers can be proven to be uncountable.


Computable function

A computable function is an idea from computer science. A function is computable if there is an algorithm that can work out its result in a finite number of steps.

Computability theory is all about such functions.

Pharmacist

A pharmacist is a person who supplies drugs to people, often prescriptions from a doctor but sometimes on their own. 

Pharmacists have to be trained and have knowledge about the drugs package. Many work in a pharmacy.Pharmacists interact with customers, give the prescribed medication and telling them about the drugs. 

Some work in hospitals where they may deliver the drugs to the different parts of the hospital and give people the drugs they need to take home. 

Some work with general practitioners where they may check that people are getting the right drugs. 

Pharmacists is the one who checks the works of the pharmacy technician. Pharmacy Technician works under the supervise of the Pharmacists, Pharmacy Technician are the one who pulls out the medicines according to the prescription written and they are the one who counts the medicine, after they finish counting and putting it inside a container for medicines purpose only. Once the Pharmacy Technician finished counting the medicine and putting it inside a container then, the Pharmacist will check the medicine in the computer to make sure the medicine that is dispensed is correct. 

Pharmacists can also help with recommending over the counter medication like when someone has sore throats or a common cold they can recommend medications that anyone can buy with a prescription from the doctor. Pharmacists may also give vaccines, shots that protect you from diseases like the flu or shingles. During the COVID-19 pandemic, they helped with giving vaccines to those who did not want to go to the hospitals. 

Pharmacists can also help people taking a new medication by giving them instructions for the prescription. The pharmacist also helps by telling the patient the side effects of the new medication. Pharmacists help by calling the doctor if the patient has concerns about the new medication.

In the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom many pharmacists were vaccinating people. They have also been doing Influenza vaccines for several years. There are plans for them to do more of this work. 


Thoosa

In Greek mythology, Thoosa was the name of the mother of the cyclops Polyphemus.

Perch

Perch is the name of a freshwater perciform fish belonging to the genus Perca. 

Perch have "rough" scales. On the front end of the fish, there are two dorsal fins. The first one is spiny and the second is soft. There is also an anal fin, which is also spiny, and a caudal fin.

There are three living species in this genus:


Perch are carnivores, They choose waters where smaller fish, shellfish, and insect larvae are plentiful. 

They are found in parts of the United States in freshwater ponds, lakes, streams, or rivers. These fish can be found in fresh water all over the world. They live in the Great Lakes region, in particular Lake Erie. 

The fish like bodies of water with vegetation and debris. In the spring when the perch spawns, they use vegetation to hide their eggs from predators.




Puce

Puce is a medium grayish red-violet colour. 

"Puce" colours may be pale grayish red-violet, grayish red or brownish-purple colours. 

Basically, puce colours are reddish purple colours mixed with gray or brown. A wide range of tones of puce are shown below. 

Chinese dried plums, a favorite snack among Chinese people worldwide, can be said to be puce coloured.

The name is from the French word "puce" which means "flea". Some people say that the colour name comes from the colour of a squashed flea or the colour of a flea full of blood. Other people say that colour name comes from the flea's droppings of digested blood, which spread out in deep red stain when water contacts them. Still others say that the colour name means the colour of the belly of a flea. 

On the other hand, the colour name may refer to blue-lavender of the Pennyroyal flower, also named "puce" in French. The name may come from the use of strong-smelling Pennyroyal to ward off fleas.

The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) dates the use of "puce" (in "couleur puce")in English from 1787. The first recorded use of "puce" as a color name was in the 14th century, in the French language.



Scarlet

Scarlet is a slight brilliant red color. It is a color of the rainbow. It is redder than vermilion. The color's name comes from the Persian "saqirlat". 

An early recorded use of "scarlet" as a color name in the English language dates to 1250.




League

The word league can mean one of the following:

Worship

Worship is a word often used in religion. It means to have much respect. If someone prays or says thank to God, people say that they are worshipping God. Worship can also be used as the name for a church service or similar event. This can be called an act of worship.

The Quran talks about worshipping Allah.

Claudius

Claudius ; 1 August 10 BCE – 13 October 54 CE) was the fourth Roman emperor. He ruled from 24 January 41 to his death in 54 . His great-uncle was the first emperor, Augustus, and his uncle was the second emperor Tiberius. His nephew was the third emperor, Caligula. His maternal grandfather was Mark Antony.

Claudius had some kind of disability, in speech and walking, and his family kept him from public office until he was 38. Claudius' infirmity may have saved him from the purges of Tiberius' and Caligula's reigns; enemies did not see him as a serious threat. He was declared emperor at the insistence of the Praetorian Guard after Caligula's assassination. He was then the last adult male of his family.

Despite his lack of experience, Claudius proved a good administrator and a great builder of public works. His reign saw an expansion of the Empire, and the conquest of Roman Britain. He took a personal interest in the law, and he presided at public trials. Claudius suffered setbacks in his personal life, one of which may have led to his murder. He married four times, and the marriages did not turn out well. Claudius' relative and adopted son Nero succeeded him as emperor, and undid much of his good work.

On 24 January 41 , Caligula was assassinated by a broad-based conspiracy. There is no evidence that Claudius had a direct hand in the assassination, although it has been argued that he knew about the plot. In the chaos following the murder, Claudius witnessed the German guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen, including some of his friends. He fled to the palace to hide. According to tradition, a Praetorian named Gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him emperor. A section of the guard may have planned to seek out Claudius, perhaps with his approval. They reassured him that they were not one of the groups looking for revenge. He was put under their protection.
The Senate quickly met and began debating a change of government. When they heard of the Praetorians' claim, they demanded that Claudius be delivered to them for approval. He refused, sensing danger. Eventually the Senate was forced to give in and, in return, Claudius pardoned nearly all the assassins.

Under Claudius, the empire expanded for the first time since the reign of Augustus. The provinces of Thrace, Judea and three other provinces were annexed during his term. The annexation of Mauretania, begun under Caligula, was completed after the defeat of rebel forces, and divided into two provinces. The most important new expansion was the conquest of Great Britain (). In 43 , Claudius sent four legions to Britain. The island was an attractive target for Rome because of its wealth – particularly mines and slaves. It was also a haven for Gallic rebels and the like, and so could not be left alone much longer. Claudius himself traveled to the island after the completion of initial offensives, bringing with him reinforcements and elephants.

The Senate granted him a Roman triumph for his efforts: in the Roman Empire only members of the imperial family were allowed such honors. Claudius later lifted this restriction for some of his generals. When the British general Caractacus was captured in 50, Claudius granted him his life. Caractacus lived out his days on land provided by the Roman state, an unusual end for an enemy commander.

Claudius conducted a census in 48 that found 5,984,072 Roman citizens, an increase of about a million since the census conducted at Augustus' death.

Claudius married four times. His first marriage, to Plautia Urgulanilla, occurred after two failed betrothals. During their marriage she gave birth to a son, Claudius Drusus. Unfortunately, Drusus died of asphyxiation in his early teens, shortly after becoming engaged to Junilla, the daughter of Sejanus. Claudius later divorced Urgulanilla for adultery and on suspicion of murdering her sister-in-law Apronia. When Urgulanilla gave birth after the divorce, Claudius repudiated the baby girl, Claudia, as the father was one of his own freedmen.

Soon after (possibly in 28 ), Claudius married Aelia Paetina, a relative of Sejanus, if not Sejanus's adoptive sister. During their marriage, Claudius and Paetina had a daughter, Claudia Antonia.

Some years after divorcing Aelia Paetina, in 38 or early 39 , Claudius married Valeria Messalina, who was his first cousin once removed and closely allied with Caligula's circle. Shortly thereafter, she gave birth to a daughter Claudia Octavia. A son, first named Tiberius Claudius Germanicus, and later known as Britannicus, was born just after Claudius' accession. This marriage ended in tragedy. Messalina was regularly unfaithful to Claudius and manipulated his policies in order to amass wealth. In 48 Messalina married her lover Gaius Silius in a public ceremony while Claudius was at Ostia. The result was the execution of Silius, Messalina, and most of her circle. Claudius made the Praetorians promise to kill him if he ever married again.

Despite this declaration, Claudius did marry once more, his niece Agrippina the Younger.
The attempted coup d'état by Silius and Messalina had probably made Claudius realize the weakness of his position since he did not have an obvious adult heir, Britannicus being just a boy. Agrippina's son Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus (the emperor Nero) was one of the last males of the imperial family. Future coup attempts could rally around the pair, and Agrippina was already showing such ambition. In any case, Claudius accepted Agrippina, and later adopted the newly mature Nero as his son.

Nero was made joint heir with the underage Britannicus, married to Octavia and heavily promoted. Nero was popular with the public as the grandson of Germanicus and the direct descendant of Augustus.
The consensus of ancient historians was that Claudius was murdered by poison, and died in the early hours of 13 October, 54 . Accounts vary greatly, but nearly all implicate his last wife, Agrippina, as the instigator. Agrippina had motive in ensuring the succession of Nero before Britannicus could gain power.

Claudius was described as physically repulsive, weak, and easily manipulated by his wives and companions by Suetonius, but this historian cannot be entirely trusted. The surviving works of Claudius present a different view. They paint a picture of an intelligent, scholarly, well-read, and conscientious administrator with an eye to detail and justice. Thus, Claudius becomes an enigma. Since the discovery of his letter to the Alexandrians in the last century, much work has been done to rehabilitate Claudius and determine where the truth lies.

Claudius wrote copiously throughout his life. Besides the history of Augustus' reign, his major works included an Etruscan history and eight volumes on Carthaginian history, as well as an Etruscan dictionary and a book on dice playing. Claudius is the last person known to have been able to read Etruscan. His first wife was Etruscan. Finally, he wrote an eight-volume autobiography.

Unfortunately, none of these major works survive. They do live on as sources for the surviving histories of the Julio-Claudian dynasty. Suetonius quotes Claudius' autobiography once, and must have used it as a source numerous times. Tacitus may have used him for some of the more antiquarian passages in his annals. Claudius is the source for numerous passages of Pliny's "Natural History". Pliny credits him by name in Book VII 35.

Many of the public works instituted in his reign were based on plans first suggested by Julius Caesar. Levick believes this emulation of Caesar may have spread to all aspects of his policies.

The best known fictional representation of the emperor Claudius were the books "I, Claudius" and "Claudius the God" (published in 1934 and 1935) by the poet Robert Graves. They were both written in the first-person, as if they are Claudius' autobiography. Graves' plot suggested there were recently discovered, genuine translations of Claudius' writings. Claudius' genuine surviving letters, speeches, and sayings were incorporated into the text (mostly in the second book, "Claudius the God") in order to add authenticity.

Graves's two books were the basis for an "I, Claudius" TV series by the BBC. The series starred Derek Jacobi as Claudius and was broadcast in 1976 on BBC2. It was a substantial critical success, and won several BAFTA awards. The series was later broadcast in the United States on "Masterpiece Theatre" in 1977. The DVD release of the television series contains "The Epic that Never Was" documentary.

Claudius has been portrayed in movies on several occasions. "I, Claudius" (1937, Director Josef von Stromberg), unfinished; Charles Laughton as Claudius was a great performance. The surviving reels were featured in the BBC television documentary "The Epic that never was" (1965), revealing some of Laughton's most accomplished acting. Also, minor portrayals in "Demetrius and the Gladiators" (1954) and "Caligula" (1979).

Nero

Nero ("Nerō Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus"; 15 December 37 CE – 9 June 68 CE) was the fifth and last Roman Emperor of the Julio-Claudian dynasty. He was born Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus. 

Nero was the adopted son of his grand-uncle Claudius. He became emperor on 13 October 54, after Claudius died. Claudius was probably assassinated by Nero's mother Agrippina the Younger. Agrippina had motive in ensuring the succession of Nero before Britannicus (Claudius' natural son) could gain power.

During his reign, Nero focused much of his attention on diplomacy, trade, and improving the cultural capital of the empire. He ordered the building of theatres and promoted athletic games.

His reign included a successful war and negotiated peace with the Parthian Empire; the suppression of a revolt in Britain; and the beginning of the First Roman–Jewish War.

In 64, most of Rome was destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome. In 68, the rebellion of Vindex in Gaul and later the acclamation of Galba in Hispania (Spain) drove Nero from the throne. Facing assassination, he died by suicide on 9 June 68.

Nero's rule is associated with tyranny and extravagance. He is known for a number of executions, including those of his mother, wife (Claudia Octavia) and stepbrother.

Nero is known as the Emperor who played a fiddle while Rome burned. In reality, the violin had not yet been invented, Nero wasn't in Rome at the time, and when he heard of the fire he returned to direct relief efforts. 

He also persecuted Christians. However, some ancient sources show that Nero was popular with the common people during and after his reign.

In Midrash Icha Rabbah 1, Nero Caesar is not briefly mentioned as the one who ruled Rome during the Great Rebellion and died in the middle of the rebellion, while Vespasian was engaged in his attempts to conquer Jerusalem, and thus the prophecy of Rabbi Yochanan ben Zakai was fulfilled that Vespasian would reign over Caesar: After three days, Vespasian ran out of prayers in Hada Gafna, From Dascha and Labshe Had from San Didia, you brought the news that Nero and Amelichonia, the sons of Rome, died (translation: After three days, Vespasian went to swim in the Gofna. After he swam and put on one of his shoes, the news arrived that told him: Nero and Malichuch, the sons of Rome, had died).

The coin with the image of Nero Caesar is mentioned several times in the Mishnah and in the Tosefta under the name "Sela Neronit" or "Nironit" for short.

In addition, there is an article by a Sage in the Babylonian Talmud , which describes a man named Nero Caesar as the emissary of the emperor who reigned in those days, and not as the emperor himself. According to the same article, a Roman emperor sent Nero Caesar to conquer Jerusalem following a rumor from a man named Bar Kamtza , according to which the people of Judah were betraying him When Nero Caesar arrived in the Land of Israel , he shot arrows at the four winds of heaven to check which place to conquer, and all the arrows finally landed in Jerusalem . Nero concluded from this that he would win his war against Jerusalem. Later he saw a boy passing nearby and asked him about his studies, and the boy quoted He had the verse "And I gave my vengeance on Edom by the hand of my people Israel" ( Ezekiel , 25:14 ). Nero saw this as a prophecy that God would take revenge on him for the conquest of Jerusalem. Following this, Nero fled, became a convert , and one of his descendants was the Tana Rabi Meir.

His wife Poppea was presented in the sources as a sympathizer of the Jews, and in the Talmud she was even presented as Matronia



Trades union

A trade union (U.S: labor union, UK also trades union) is an organization or group of workers who join together to negotiate pay, hours, benefits, and working conditions. Union members and supporters of unions claim that they are necessary because the people that run companies want to pay as little as possible.

Unions do many things for their members. This includes:

Article 8 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights ensure the right to form and join trade union and use strikes.

If collective bargaining does not work, unions often use strikes to get their demands. However, the threat of a strike is usually enough: over 98% of union contracts are renewed without a strike.

Trades unions are the descendants of the trade guilds of mediaeval times. These guilds were made up of independent skilled workers (or artisans) who had been apprenticed and qualified by a guild.

A trades union is a collection of people from different trades who want to keep and improve their jobs and their working and living conditions. Member of a trades union will usually working in the same industry.

Trade unionism eventually became accepted as a fact of life by British governments and employers – but with much struggle. The acceptance of trades unions was no coincidence; it took place when British industry was at its most confident, steady economic growth had dampened revolutionary enthusiasm. At the same time providing the means whereby employers could buy off discontent with higher wages and improved conditions of work.

This did not mean that unions were well liked by the Establishment. In fact, trades unions had to take care to create a good image in mid-Victorian terms in order to win tolerance and acceptance. However, in the early part of the nineteenth century the future of Trade Unionism was not certain.

Trades unions developed slowly in Britain but they can be traced right back to the Middle Ages. In medieval towns and villages, trade guilds started to develop. With both the master and the employees assigned to the guild of their particular craft.

In 1563 The Statute of Artificers was passed by Elizabeth 1’s government. The Statute had some negative effects such as not allowing apprentices to look for work outside of their parish but it had positive effects as well such as requiring justices of the peace to maintain living standards and to monitor apprentices in their district. This meant that craftsmen received some protection from the state.

By the 19th century attitudes had changed. People now hated government interference in their businesses. As the population increased so did the size of businesses and it was no longer possible for employers to have a personal relationship with each employee. Due to this in 1813 the Statute was repealed. Now workers began to form trade clubs and associations to protect industrial and personal interests.

Early trades unions were only for skilled “artisan” trades. These craft trade unions or “societies” were mainly formed amongst cobblers, printers and mechanics.
Craft trade unions were distinctive because they had:

Craft societies had only a few members and were restricted to a certain trade in a certain town. Members were usually literate and rationalist. The actual society was usually based on a public house, with meetings etc. convened there.

These were different from trades unions but had some functions in common. Friendly societies were “self help” organisations. In exchange for a subscription fee, they would provide financial support to workers in the event of, for example, death or illness.
They were usually locally based; Tyneside in the 1820s had 165 societies with a total of 10,000 members.
Gradually the societies or groups of workers were formed into larger bodies called “combinations”. Instead of just paying out benefits, they became more militant and begun to lobby for better conditions and better pay etc.
Workers were also able to petition parliament when they had a particular grievance over working conditions or wages for instance.
Over the 18th century, these trade clubs became more aggressive and powerful. Small groups joined together into “combinations” and campaigned to improve working conditions and demanded higher wages. Some combinations organised local strikes.

The government realised that something had to be done about combinations. The Aristocracy were worried about the number and power of combinations. The French Revolution only scared them more. As a result of the above-mentioned situation, the Combination Acts of 1799 and 1800 were introduced. The acts forbade Labour Unions from combining to campaign for better working conditions and for an increase in wages. If workers broke this new law they could be sent to prison for up to 3 months. This act was strictly enforced.

The combination acts had little success, trades union simply carried on in secret. E.P. Thomson claimed that the number of trade unions had even increased. Some unions called themselves “friendly societies” and thus continued to work. In 1823 a London tailor called Francis Place led the movement for repeal. With the support of MP Joseph Hume the government was convinced to set up a parliamentary committee to look into the issue of repeal. The government no longer feared revolution, combinations and peaceful bargaining now seemed acceptable. The committee recommended the repeal of the Combination Acts and parliament acted accordingly. The combination acts were repealed in 1824. Trades unions were now legal.

Strikes quickly occurred across the country. The government then decided to bring in the Amending Combination Act in 1825 which allowed the existence of trades union but refused them the right to stage protests.

Trades unionism faced quite a few problems in their creation and organisation:

1. Preventative legislation (laws etc.) most notably the Combination Acts 1799–1800
2. The prevalence of the domestic system of working.
3. an identity of interest between employer and the domestic employee (domestic employees only had contact with their employer and not with their fellow employees – employers adopted a “paternalistic” approach to their workers)
4. Factory works was undeveloped in the early 19th century. As soon as factories had taken off the ‘working classes emerged. The traditional bond of trust between employer and employees were later eroded and working people began to club together.
5. Government fears. The government believed that all working people could club together and react en masse to social change scared the government. The ruling classes associated ‘combinations’ with revolution. The many Combination acts of 1700–1800 aimed to prevent trade unions from being formed.

In the 1820s the idea of creating a national union was spreading.

A cotton spinner from Manchester named John Doherty summoned a conference on the Isle of Man in 1829 to discuss the idea of a national trade union. He then formed the Grand General Union of Operative Spinners of Great Britain and Ireland. The following July he formed National Association for the Protection of Labour which was to be made of most trades. In 1831 the association had disintegrated; mainly due to poor communication links which made it impossible to organise events.

In February 1834, the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union was formed, largely as a result of Robert Owen. Owen dreamed of a socialist society, he hoped that a national union would help this happen.

Robert Owen was an important figure in the formation of the GNCTU. Owen and Doherty were associates and the GNCTU was based on Doherty’s Grand General Union. The union was heavily influenced by Owenite socialism.

The objectives of the GNCTU were straightforward and traditionalist, thus strike action was to be used:

It is disputed whether of not his union succeeded. It lasted just six months (February to August 1834). Owen claimed that there was around half a million members, but other estimates put the figure at around 16,000 members.

The union failed for a number of reasons. Owen did not really understand or empathise the suffering of the workers, who had genuine and immense concerns. The general body or workers favoured militant action but Owen preferred a steady, more legalistic approach. The size of the GNTCU also made any strikes difficult to organise. A further problem was the fact that many employers forbade their employees from joining the GNTCU, and refused to let them work if they had not signed a document which renounced the organisation.

In February 1834 six workers for Tolpuddle in Dorset formed a union. 13 shillings was what the average family need to survive but the men were being paid just 9 shillings. Led by George Loveless the farm labourers fought for increased wages. James Frampton, the landowner, was determined to stop industrial action; he reported the group to the Home Secretary Lord Melbourne. The men were arrested, tried and sentenced to seven years transportation. The judge said that he made he did this to make an example of them for the sake of the stability of the nation. The men became known as the Tolpuddle Martyrs, and the judge's wishes were carried out. Support for the GNCTU fell dramatically and by August 1834 it had collapsed.

The orthodox view is that trade unionism virtually stopped for the next 15 years after the collapse of the GNCTU, with many workers becoming involved in the alternative reforms adopted by Chartism. However, in the skilled trades unions were flourishing, with trade unions having an estimated 100,000 memberships in the early 1840s.

Unions have been criticized for increasing the cost of workers. Because of this, it is said that fewer people will be hired. A union might also protect workers an employer feels are not productive enough. For example, many unions protect workers who have worked for a job for a long time from being punished or fired, even if new workers are faster.

Some unions are also tied to organized crime, political corruption, or even tied to the employers of the workers they represent.


Officer

An officer is a person who holds a high rank in a uniformed organisation like the military or police. A military officer has a commission, a state document saying others must obey him. Some examples of officer ranks would include captains, majors, and lieutenants, but not sergeants, who are sometimes called non-commissioned officers, or NCOs. 

People who are in a position of importance in an organization or company may be a corporate officer, for example:


Consul

A consul could mean one of the following:

Tachi

The tachi is a Japanese sword, which has a strongly curved blade and is longer than a katana. It was used on the battlefield before katana was, so it is considered to be older. The word Tachi translates as "the soul of bushi" (soul of samurai). 

When the katana began to be widely used the tachi sword became a court sword for ceremonies. It looks very richly decorated with traditional cord wrappings and a specially designed handle. The length of a tachi blade was around 30.70 inches (about 75cm) Because of its length the tachi was a cavalry sword and was mainly worn by horsemen. The strongly curved blade also made it easy to make slicing blows. Even if the tachi is a very long sword it is light enough to be handled with one hand. The tachi had a long enough hilt to hold it with two hands. It was especially useful for warriors who were not riding.

The tachi was worn hung to the belt with the cutting-edge down, unlike the katana which was worn with the cutting-edge pointing upwards. Not all tachi were the standard size. Small ones were called ko-dachi. If the sword was longer than the standard one it was called o-dachi.
The tachi that can be seen in museums have one or more chips along the back of the sword, while the cutting edge looks almost untouched and mirror polished. The experts explain that Samurai made the smallest possible moves with their tachi to kill the enemy. Thus when both swords were about to collide, the samurai both turned their swords and let only the blunt back (mune) of the blades hit one another. The cutting edge was used for finish touches, namely for cutting the human body.


Western

Western can mean one of the following:

Machaira

Machaira was a rare mythic sword used in the Basileus cult. Basileus cult is the cult of the king, because in ancient Rome the word basileus was translated as "king". To get a Basileus title a person should kill a lion with a special weapon. So this weapon was called - Machaira.

Machaira had a very curved blade, which reminded a sickle. The shape of a machaira is often compared to a lion claw. The cutting edge was on the inside part of the blade. The legends say that it has a length from about . The blade was secured in a wooden cage (sheath). This sword was kept by ancient priests called sacerdotes. They used to decorate the sheath with golden ornaments. The sword was kept in special places and used in important rituals. 

The meaning of machaira sword was ideological. A king who was at the same time a sacerdotus and owned a machaira, made rituals before the battle. Its power showed to the army the right path and saved from enemies' traps. It was supposed that the sword kept the troubles away. It was very important that the machaira to be used only by a sacerdotus, otherwise it was only a beautiful but powerless weapon. 

The well known king Macedonian Alexander Hephaistion was a sacerdotus. He belonged to the lion cult and used machaira for rituals. Later in 324 B.C. happened the official burial of the machaira sword and Alexander the Great left his sacerdotal powers. The cult of machaira sword and the cult of Basileus were restarted in 301 B.C. 


Policy

Policy could mean:

Field

Field can mean:


Lucerne

Lucerne (, Swiss German: "Lozärn", French: "Lucerne", Italian: "Lucerna", Romansh: "Lucerna") is a city in Switzerland. It is the capital of the Canton of Lucerne and seat of the district with the same name. The city has a population of about 60,000. Lucerne is the biggest and most important city in Central Switzerland. The city's metropolitan area consists of 17 municipalities in three cantons. It has an overall population of nearly 200,000 people.

Lucerne is located in central Switzerland on the northern end of Lake Lucerne. The river Reuss flows from the lake through the city. The city is surrounded by hills and mountains, for example the mountains Pilatus and Rigi.

Lucerne joined the old Swiss confederation in 1332.

Since 2010, Littau is part of the city.

Due to its location on the shore of Lake Lucerne ("") within sight of the mountains Pilatus and Rigi, Lucerne is mainly a tourist destination. One of the city's famous landmarks is Chapel Bridge (Kapellbrücke), a wooden bridge from the 14th century. Many tourists choose Lucerne as their place to stay because the city is close to the Alps in in the center of the country.

"Schifffahrtsgesellschaft des Vierwaldstättersees" is the shipping company founded in 1870 that runs ships on Lake Lucerne.

Lucerne railway station ist the main station of central Switzerland.

Lucerne has a traditional "Fasnacht "(carneval) celebration which takes place every spring.


Eastern hemisphere

The Eastern hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is east of the Prime Meridian and west of the 180th Meridian. It is the opposite of the Western hemisphere. It can be also used to describe Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and Oceania.

Hertfordshire

Hertfordshire is a county in England. It is one of the so-called Home Counties, those counties that border or surround Greater London. The county is also surrounded by Essex, Cambridgeshire, Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire. The county town is Hertford; the oldest city is St Albans.

Hertfordshire has 26 independent schools and 73 state secondary schools.
The state secondary schools are entirely comprehensive, although seven schools in the south and southwest of the county are partially selective.

The University of Hertfordshire, formerly the Hatfield Polytechnic, is a modern university. It is mostly in Hatfield, and has more than 23,000 students.

Some of the most notable secondary schools are:

Hertfordshire has been home to many famous people, including George Michael and Geri Halliwell. Victoria Beckham, born in Essex, was raised near Broxbourne in Hertfordshire. The Beckhams bought a £2.5 million house in Sawbridgeworth when they married in 1999. They sold it last year to insurance entrepreneur Neil Uttley for £11.4 million.

The richest person in Hertfordshire is Mike Ashley, a retailing tycoon. His fortune is estimated as £3,650 million. He owns Newcastle United F.C. and has an 8.9% share in owning Glasgow Rangers F.C.

Lower Jurassic

The Lower Jurassic is the first geological epoch in the Jurassic that began 201.3 million years ago, and ended at 174.1 million years ago. 

The Jurassic period is divided into Lower, Middle and Upper. The Lower Jurassic started after the end-Triassic extinction event at 201.3 million years ago (mya). Its rocks form in Europe the "Lias" group of marine strata consisting mostly of limestone, with some clays and siltstone. It was in this formation on the Dorset Jurassic Coast that Mary Anning did much of her work. The mudstones of the earliest Jurassic (Blue Lias) give way to carbonate rocks as the water deepens in the Middle Jurassic.

The Jurassic period was one of the time periods when dinosaurs were on the Earth. By this time, many groups of the Triassic period had become extinct.

At the start of the Jurassic, Britain was warm temperate to subtropical, between 30° and 40° north of the equator. Temperature would have been in the range of 12–29°C. 

Shallow seas were over southern England; higher ground like the Mendip Hills were a string of islands stretching westwards South Wales. 

The Lower Jurassic in western North America is quite different. It is continental in origin, sandstones laid down in shifting streams and rivers. These sandstones were laid down over a long period from the later Permian to the Lower Jurassic.


Congress

In politics, a congress is a political meeting of leaders or representatives of groups of people. Until the 19th century it was usually a meeting of kings or their representatives, for example the Congress of Vienna. Today it often means the main legislature that makes the laws for a state. The word congress can also mean a meeting of associations, as in the Trades Union Congress (TUC), of the United Kingdom, a meeting of trade unions.


Personal digital assistant

A personal digital assistant (PDA) is a handheld computer. Personal digital assistants were designed to replace non-electronic day planners. Many PDAs can work as an address book, a calculator, a clock, and a calendar. Some also have games on them. Newer PDAs are now called smartphones and have Wi-Fi, touch screens, can read e-mail, record video, play music and make phone calls.

PDA's processor is a chip which makes the device work. PDAs can have different processors depending on their speed. If access to the Internet, GPS, or video recording are needed, the PDA needs to have a fast processor.

PDA stores data and applications on RAM memory(Random Access Memory). It is a memory card inside the device. PDAs can also use SD (Secure Digital), SDIO and MMS cards. These are easy to remove and are called flash memory cards. USB flash drives can be used to add more memory.

Most PDAs have touch screens. This means that the device has less buttons or has no buttons at all. Usually PDAs come with removable 'pen' (stylus) with which the screen is touched. The pen acts like a mouse for desktop PCs or like a touch pad for laptops. For other PDAs a finger is used instead of the pen.

PDAs are powered by batteries. There are two types of batteries: removable and fixed. Older PDAs used alkaline batteries which the user would have to take out and replace when they ran out. Most new PDAs have Li-ion batteries. These batteries are rechargeable. PDAs use more battery power when playing video, accessing Internet or transferring data using Bluetooth. Large and bright screens also take more power. This makes the battery run out faster.

A PDA can communicate with other devices, PDAs, PCs, etc. This is made with the help of infrared (IrDA) port or with Bluetooth. With this ability the devices can transfer data, download music, images, video, games, etc.

Synchronization means having the same data on both the PDA and PC or other device. When changes are made on either the PDA or the PC, when they are synchronized, these changes made to data on one of them are also made the data on the other. The synchronization also prevents the loss of the stored information.

Customization is adding more memory, miniature keyboards, etc. to the PDA. Customization also can be putting other software (download Internet programs) on the PDA device.


Iberian Peninsula

The Iberian Peninsula, or Iberia, is the southwest part of Europe. Like other peninsulas, it is mostly surrounded by sea. To the south and east of the peninsula is the Mediterranean Sea. To its north and west is the Atlantic Ocean. It is the third largest peninsula of Europe with an area of 582,860 km². The name Iberia is the Ancient Greek name for the area which the Romans called "Hispania". The word "Hispania" is now used for Spain, and the word "Iberia" is used for the whole area. 

The word Iberia was also used by the Ancient Greeks and Romans for another territory at the opposite side of Europe, Caucasian Iberia, which is near the Black Sea.

The Iberian Peninsula is divided into:

Kim Kardashian

Kimberly Noel Kardashian (born October 21, 1980) is an American socialite, reality television star and actress. She is known for her reality television series named "Keeping up with the Kardashians." She started her career as a model and is one of three daughters of Robert Kardashian.

Kardashian is also very popular on social media and is one of the most-followed people on Instagram. She owns several businesses and brands and makes many television appearances.

Kimberly Noel Kardashian was born on October 21, 1980, in Los Angeles, to Robert and Kris Kardashian. She has an older sister, Kourtney, a younger sister, Khloé, and a younger brother, Rob. Their mother is of Dutch ancestry, while their father was a third-generation Armenian-American. 

Kim Kardashian first got media attention because of her close friendship with Paris Hilton and for being the daughter of Robert Kardashian. She became better known after appearing in a sex tape with her then-boyfriend Ray J. 

Following a lot of fame from the sex tape, a reality TV show about her family was made called "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". The show ran from 2007 to 2021 and has had multiple spin-off shows including "Kourtney and Kim Take New York, Kourtney and Kim Take Miami" and also "The Kardashians."

Kardashian has created many businesses including Skims and KKW Beauty. She also has a video game named "Kim Kardashian Hollywood". Kim Kardashian has also made several appearances on talk shows and also made cameo appearances as herself in movies and television series.

On October 2, 2016, while attending Paris Fashion Week, Kardashian was robbed at gunpoint in the apartment where she was staying. Five individuals, dressed as police officers, bound and gagged her, then stole $10 million worth of jewelry. Kardashian was physically unharmed and the thieves escaped. 

Kim Kardashian is one of the most-followed people on social media and has kept popularity ever since the 2000s. However, many people often say she is famous for being famous. Kardashian has also caused some controversies such as when she was accused of cultural appropriation and when she wore (and is said to have damaged) one of Marilyn Monroe's dresses to the Met Gala. 

In 1991, her parents divorced and their mother married Bruce Jenner. As a result of her mother's remarriage, Kim Kardashian acquired step-brothers Burton "Burt", Brandon, and Brody; a step-sister, Casey; and later two half-sisters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner.

Kim married Damon Thomas in 2000, They divorced in 2004. She then married Kris Humphries in August 2011. Humphries is an NBA player on the New Jersey Nets. After 72 days of marriage, she filed for a divorce on October 31, 2011, because of differences.She became engaged to Kanye West in 2013. The couple lived in Calabasas, California. They have four children: daughter North West (b. 2013), son Saint West (b. 2015), daughter Chicago West (b. 2018), and son Psalm West (b. 2019). In January 2021, CNN reported that the couple were discussing divorce and on February 19, 2021, the couple officially filed for divorce. The divorce became official in 2022.

Kardashian is a Democrat. She attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election. She also supports Armenian political issues such as the recognition of the Armenian Genocide of 1914. In 2020, Kardashian condemned the actions of Azerbaijan in the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, and expressed her support for Armenia and the Republic of Artsakh.

In 2018, Kardashian met with President Donald Trump and helped bring forth the release from prison of Alice Marie Johnson, who was given a life prison sentence for nonviolent drug charges. She is studying to become a lawyer and hopes to sit for the bar exam in the year 2022.

Ilham Aliyev

Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev (born December 24, 1961) is the current President of Azerbaijan and has been serving since 2003. 

Aliyev succeeded his father Heydar Aliyev who was president of Azerbaijan from 1993 to 2003. On August 4, 2003, two months before the presidential elections, he was made prime minister by his father who was very ill and dying. In October he easily won the presidential elections and became president on October 31, 2003. He also functions as the head of the New Azerbaijan Party. 

He has been married to Mehriban Aliyeva since 1983. They have three children.


Flag of Armenia

The national flag of Armenia, the Armenian Tricolor, has three horizontal bands of equal width, red on the top, blue in the middle, and orange on the bottom.

The first modern national flag of Armenia was created in 1885 by Ghevont Alishan. The Armenian Supreme Council adopted the current flag on August 24, 1990. On June 15, 2006, the Law on the National Flag of Armenia was passed by the Armenian Parliament.

Lake Sevan

Lake Sevan (Armenian: Սևանա լիճ, "Sevana lich") is a large lake in Armenia. It is the largest body of water in both Armenia and the Caucasus region. Sevan is one of the largest freshwater high-altitude (alpine) lakes in Eurasia. The lake is in Gegharkunik Province. It is above sea level. The surface area of the basin of lake is about . It cover about one sixth of Armenia's total area. The lake itself is . It has a volume is . Sevan is fed by 28 rivers and streams. Only 10% of the water that enters the lake is drained by the Hrazdan River. The remaining 90% evaporates.

The lake is the source of about 90% of the fish and 80% of the crayfish caughtof Armenia. Sevan very important to the economy and culture of the area. The only large island (now a peninsula) is home to a medieval monastery.

Sevan was used for irrigation of the Ararat plain and creating hydroelectric power during the Soviet period. This causes the level of water to decreaseby around . Its volume was reduced by more than 40%. Later two tunnels were built to move water from highland rivers. This stopped the decrease and its level began rising. Before people begane changing the lake's ecosystem, the lake was at an altitude of 1,916 m (6,286 ft) above sea level, 95 m (312 ft) deep, covered an area of 1,416 km (547 sq mi) (5% of Armenia's entire area), and had a volume of 58.5 km (14.0 cu mi).

Sevan was one of the three great lakes of the historical Safavid Empire, These there lakes were called the Seas of Armenia. Sevan is the only one within the modern day Republic of Armenia. Lake Van and Lake Urmia are the other two great "seas" of historic Armenia. They are located in Turkey and Iran. Lake Sevan is considered the "jewel" of Armenia. It is "recognized as a national treasure" in the country. The 2001 Law on Lake Sevan defines the lake as "a strategic ecosystem valuable for its environmental, economical, social, scientific, cultural, aesthetic, medical, climatic, recreational, and spiritual value."

In 1673, Chardin wrote of the "extraordinary sweetness of the Water", the "small Island in the middle of it; where stands a Monastery built about 600 years ago, of which the Prior is an Archbishop", and "nine sorts of fish which are there taken; the fairest trouts and carps which are eaten at Erivan being caught in this Lake".

Naturalist and traveler Friedrich Parrot, best known for climbing Mount Ararat in 1829, wrote that, It is important for the Armenian economy: being the main source of irrigation water, Sevan provides low-cost electricity, fish, recreation, and tourism.

Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia

The Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, (Armenian: Կիլիկիոյ Հայոց Թագաւորութիւն, Kilikiayi haykakan t’agavorut’yun) was an Armenian state formed during the High Middle Ages by Armenian refugees fleeing the Seljuk invasion of Armenia. 

The kingdom had its origins in the principality founded c. 1080 by the Rubenid dynasty, an alleged offshoot of the larger Bagratuni dynasty, which at various times had held the throne of Armenia. Their capital was originally at Tarsus, and later became Sis. Cilicia was a strong ally of the European Crusaders, and saw itself as a bastion of Christendom in the East. It also served as a focus for Armenian nationalism and culture, since Armenia proper was under foreign occupation at the time. Cilicia's significance in Armenian history and statehood is also attested by the transfer of the seat of the Catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church, spiritual leader of the Armenian people, to the region.

In 1198, with the crowning of Leo I, King of Armenia of the Rubenid dynasty, Cilician Armenia became a kingdom.

In 1226, the crown was passed to rival Hethumids through Leo's daughter Isabella's second husband, Hethum I. As the Mongols conquered vast regions of Central Asia and the Middle East, Hethum and succeeding Hethumid rulers sought to create an Armeno-Mongol alliance against common Muslim foes, most notably the Mamluks. In the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, the Crusader states and the Mongol Ilkhanate disintegrated, leaving the Armenian Kingdom without any regional allies. After relentless attacks by the Mamluks in Egypt in the fourteenth century, the Cilician Armenia of the Lusignan dynasty, mired in an internal religious conflict, finally fell in 1375.

Commercial and military interactions with Europeans brought new Western influences to the Cilician Armenian society. Many aspects of Western European life were adopted by the nobility including chivalry, fashions in clothing, and the use of French titles, names, and language. Moreover, the organization of the Cilician society shifted from its traditional system to become closer to Western feudalism. The European Crusaders themselves borrowed know-how, such as elements of Armenian castle-building and church architecture. Cilician Armenia thrived economically, with the port of Ayas serving as a center for East–West trade.


Jean Genet

Jean Genet ( in French) (December 19, 1910 – April 15, 1986), was a French writer and later political activist. Early in his life he was a vagabond (homeless person) and petty criminal. Later in life, Genet wrote novels, plays, poems, and essays, including "Querelle", "The Thief's Journal", "Our Lady of the Flowers", "The Balcony", "The Blacks" and "The Maids".

Genet's mother was a young prostitute who put him up for adoption. After committing small crimes as a child, he was sent to the youth prison of Mettray. In the 1940s, he was a vagabond, petty thief and prostitute across Europe.

In the mid-1940s, Genet met Jean Cocteau. Cocteau helped Genet to publish his novel. By 1949 when liberated from prison through petitions of many persons including Jean Conteau and Jean-Paul Sartre, Genet had completed five novels, three plays and numerous poems. His books were banned in the United States.

Between 1955 and 1961 Genet wrote three more plays. In 1964, Genet entered a period of depression and attempted suicide. In the late 1960s, Genet became politically active. Jean Genet was gay (homosexual).

Genet developed throat cancer and died on 15 April 1986 in Paris.

The first novel, "Our Lady of the Flowers" (1944), is an about the life in prison. His novels "The Miracle of the Rose" (1946) and "The Thief's Journal" (1949), describe his experiences in youth prison and as a male prostitute. The novel "Querelle de Brest" (1947) is about murder and the novel "Funeral Rites" (1949) is about love and betrayal. His last novel, "A Prisoner of Love" published in (1986), is different from his other books.

Genet's plays were considered to be "Theater of the Absurd" plays. These plays had ideas which were similar to the ideas in existentialist ways of thinking. His plays include "The Maids" (1949); "The Balcony" (1956); "The Screens" (1963); "The Blacks", which was staged in New York in the Off-Broadway theater.

In 1950, Genet directed a film called Un Chant d'Amour, which showed fantasies about prison life.





Jean Genet, "Œuvres completes" (Paris: Gallimard, 1952-)




Lisa Loeb

Lisa Anne Loeb (born March 11, 1968 in Bethesda, Maryland) is an American singer. She sings the song "Stay (I Missed You)".

Mountain Time Zone

The Mountain Time Zone subtracts seven hours from UTC during standard time (UTC−7) and six hours during daylight saving time (UTC−6).

This time zone is called Mountain Standard Time (MST) during standard time (Winter). It is called Mountain Daylight Time (MDT) during daylight saving time (Summer). In the United States and Canada, this time zone is often just called Mountain Time (MT).

The zone is one hour ahead of the Pacific Time Zone and one hour behind the Central Time Zone. The largest city in the Mountain Time Zone is Phoenix, Arizona. The Phoenix Metropolitan Area is the largest metro area in the zone.

In Canada, this time zone includes all of Alberta, the Northwest Territories (except for Tungsten), the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, part of southeastern and northeastern British Columbia, and the area of Saskatchewan around the city of Lloydminster.

In the United States, the time zone includes the entire area of the states of New Mexico, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, and Montana. It also includes parts of Idaho, Oregon, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Texas, Kansas, and Nevada.

These states are part of the Mountain Time Zone: Baja California Sur, Chihuahua, Nayarit, Sinaloa, Sonora.

Daylight saving time occurs from early April to late October. During daylight saving, Central Time Zone is only 6 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC−6). Most of the locations in Mountain Time Zone observe daylight saving time. A few places do not. These include Sonora and all of Arizona that is not in the Navajo Nation. These places stay on standard time all year.


Data structure

In computer science, a data structure is the organization and implementation of values and information. In simple words, it is the way of organizing information in a computer so that it can be more easily understood and worked with. Data structures are different from abstract data types in the way they are used. Data structures are the implementations of abstract data types in a concrete and physical setting. They do this by using algorithms. This can be seen in the relationship between the list (abstract data type) and the linked list (data structure). A list contains a sequence of values or bits of information. A linked list also has a “pointer” or “reference” between each node of information that points to the next item and the previous one. This allows one to go forwards or backwards in the list. Furthermore, data structures are often optimized for certain operations. Finding the best data structure when solving a problem is an important part of programming. Data structure is a systematic way to store data

The simplest type of data structure is a linear array. Also known as a one-dimensional array. An array holds several values of the same type (Integer, Floats, String, etc.). Accessing elements within the array is very fast. An array is normally of fixed size. After the size of the array is defined at the start, it may not be possible to increase the size of the array without creating a new larger array and copying all values into the new array. In computer science, an array data structure or simply an array is a data structure consisting of a collection of "elements" (values or variables), each identified by at least one "array index" or "key". An array is stored so that the position of each element can be computed from its index tuple by a mathematical formula.

For example, an array of 10 integer variables, with indices 0 through 9, may be stored as 10 words at memory addresses 2000, 2004, 2008, 2036, so that the element with index "i" has the address 2000 + 4 × "i."

As the mathematical concept of a matrix can be represented as a two-dimensional grid, two-dimensional arrays are also sometimes called matrices. In some cases the term "vector" is used in computing to refer to an array, although tuples rather than vectors are the more correct mathematical equivalent. Arrays are often used to implement tables, especially look up tables; the word "table" is sometimes used as a synonym of "array".

Arrays are among the oldest and most important data structures, and are used by almost every program. They can also be used to implement many other data structures, such as lists and strings. They effectively exploit the addressing logic of computers. In most modern computers and many external storage devices, the memory is a one-dimensional array of words, whose indices are their addresses. Processors, especially vector processors, are often optimized for array operations.

Arrays are useful because the element indices can be computed at run time. Among other things, this feature allows a single iterative statement to process arbitrarily many elements of an array. For that reason, the elements of an array data structure are required to have the same size and should use the same data representation. The set of valid index tuples and the addresses of the elements (and hence the element addressing formula) are usually, but not always, fixed while the array is in use.

The term "array" is often used to mean array data type, a kind of data type provided by most high-level programming languages that consists of a collection of values or variables that can be selected by one or more indices computed at run-time. Array types are often implemented by array structures; however, in some languages they may be implemented by hash tables, linked lists, search trees, or other data structures.

A linked data structure is a set of information/data linked together by references. The data are often called "nodes". The references are often called "links" or "pointers". From here on, the words "node" and "pointer" will be used for these concepts.

In linked data structures, pointers are only dereferenced or compared for equality. Thus, linked data structures are different than arrays, which require adding and subtracting pointers.

Linked lists, search trees, and expression trees are all linked data structures. They are also important in algorithms such as topological sort and set union-find.

A stack is a basic data structure that can be logically thought as linear structure represented by a real physical stack or pile, a structure where insertion and deletion of items takes place at one end called top of the stack. The basic concept can be illustrated by thinking of your data set as a stack of plates or books where you can only take the top item off the stack in order to remove things from it. This structure is used all throughout programming.

The basic implementation of a stack is also called a “Last In First Out” structure; however there are different variations of stack implementations.

There are basically three operations that can be performed on stacks. They are:

A queue is an abstract data type or a linear data structure, in which the first element is inserted from one end (the “tail”), and the deletion of existing element takes place from the other end (the “head”). A queue is a “First In First Out” structure. "First In First Out" means that elements put in the queue first will come out first, and elements put in the queue last will come out last. An example of a queue are lines of people waiting. The first person in the line goes first, and the last person in the line goes last.

There are various operations that can be performed on a queue:

The process of adding an element to a queue is called “enqueuing” and the process of removing an element from a queue is called “dequeuing”.

A graph is an abstract data type that is meant to implement the graph and hypergraph concepts from mathematics.

A graph data structure consists of a finite (and possibly mutable) set of ordered pairs, called edges or arcs, of certain entities called nodes or vertices. As in mathematics, an edge ("x","y") is said to point or go from "x" to "y". The nodes may be part of the graph structure, or may be external entities represented by integer indices or references. A graph data structure may also associate to each edge some edge value, such as a symbolic label or a numeric attribute.
The tree is one of the most powerful advanced data structures. It often appears in advanced subjects such as Artificial Intelligence (AI) and design. Surprisingly, the tree is important in a much more basic application - the keeping of an efficient index.

When a tree is used there is a high chance that an index is used. The simplest type of index is a sorted list of key fields. A tree normally has a defined structure. In the case of a binary tree, you can use a binary search to locate any item without having to look at every item.

The tree data type is a type of graph meaning that many algorithms made to traverse a graph also work with a tree however, the algorithms can be much similar and must have a dedicated start node, that is the node with no other nodes linking to it.

The problem with a simple ordered list occurs when you start adding new items and have to keep the list sorted - it can be done reasonably efficiently but requires some modifications. Additionally, a linear index is not easy to share because the whole index needs to be “locked” when one user edits it, whereas one “branch” of a tree can be locked, leaving the other branches editable by other users (as they cannot be affected).

A hash table is an array where each index points to a linked list based on a hash value. A hash value is a value determined by a hash function. A hash function determines a unique value based on the data it is storing. This allows for access of data in constant time because the computer always knows where to look.



Alex Lifeson

Alex Lifeson, OC (born Aleksandar Živojinović; August 27, 1953) is a Canadian musician. He is best known as the guitarist and co-founder for the Canadian rock band Rush. Lifeson has been a member of the band since 1968.

In Rush, Lifeson plays electric and acoustic guitars. He also plays other instruments including: mandola, mandolin and bouzouki.

Along with his music career, Lifeson is part owner of a Toronto restaurant called "The Orbit Room." He is also a licensed airplane pilot.

Hepatitis C

Hepatitis C is an infection that mostly affects the liver. The hepatitis C virus (HCV) causes this disease. Often, a person with Hepatitis C does not have any health problems or signs that they have the disease. However, chronic infection can scar the liver. Many years of infection may cause cirrhosis. Sometimes, people with cirrhosis also have liver failure or liver cancer. They can also have very swollen veins of the esophagus and stomach. The blood loss from this problem can kill.

Hepatitis C is usually spread by blood-to-blood contact, when blood from a person with Hepatitis C touches or gets into another person's bloodstream. The most common ways that this happens are through intravenous drug use (when a person shoots drugs into one of their veins, with a needle that was already used by a person infected with Hepatitis C); nonsterile medical equipment (medical tools that were not cleaned well enough after being used on an infected person); and blood transfusions (when a person is given blood that came from an infected person).

Around the world, about 130–170 million people have Hepatitis C. Scientists began studying the Hepatitis C virus in the 1970s, and in 1989 they proved that the virus exists. As far as scientists know, this virus does not cause disease in any animals other than humans.

The medications that are normally used to treat Hepatitis C are called peginterferon and ribavirin. Between 50 and 80% of people who are treated are cured. However, if a person's Hepatitis C has got worse so much that the person has cirrhosis or liver cancer, the person might need a liver transplant (they might need to have surgery where they are given another person's liver, or part of another person's liver). This makes it possible for the person to survive, but the Hepatitis C virus usually comes back after the transplant. There is no vaccine that works to prevent people from getting Hepatitis C.

Hepatitis C causes symptoms that begin quickly or last only a short time in just 15% of people with the disease. More often, infected people have symptoms that are not serious and not very specific, like not feeling like eating, feeling tired, nausea (feeling like throwing up), pain in the muscles or joints, and losing weight. Every once in a while, an infected person may get jaundice where a person's skin turns yellow, a sign that their liver is not working quite right. If it is not treated, Hepatitis C goes away by itself in 10-50% of infected people (1 to 5 out of every 10). This happens more often in young women than in other infected people.

Eighty percent (or 8 out of every 10) of people exposed to the Hepatitis C virus get a chronic infection (one that does not get better and lasts for a long time). Most experience very few or no symptoms during the first decades of the infection, although chronic Hepatitis C can cause feeling tired. Hepatitis C leads to cirrhosis in 10–30% of people who have been infected over 30 years. People with Hepatitis C are more likely to get cirrhosis if they are men; if they are alcoholics; or if they also have Hepatitis B or HIV. Cirrhosis can cause serious problems on its own, but it also makes people more likely to get other serious illnesses. For example, people who get cirrhosis are twenty times more likely to get liver cancer (with about 1-3% getting liver cancer every year). People with Hepatitis C who are alcoholics are even more likely - 100 times more likely - to get liver cancer. Among people in general, 27% of all cases of cirrhosis, and 25% of all cases of liver cancer, are caused by Hepatitis C.

Cirrhosis of the liver can cause many different symptoms. Some of these symptoms are high blood pressure in the veins that travel to the liver; a buildup of fluid in the abdomen, called ascites; easy bruising or bleeding; veins becoming larger than normal, especially in the stomach and esophagus; jaundice (a yellowing of the skin); and brain damage.

Hepatitis C can also cause some problems which do not happen very often which affect parts of the body outside of the liver. One rare problem that Hepatitis C can cause is Sjögren's syndrome, an autoimmune disorder where the body's system of defenses attacks itself. Hepatitis C can also cause a lower-than-normal number of blood platelets (the part of the blood which causes blood to clot) without enough platelets, a person can have bleeding problems, or can start bleeding and be unable to stop. Other rare problems that Hepatitis C can cause are long-lasting skin disease; non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (a type of cancer); and diabetes (where a person's body does not make or use enough insulin, an important hormone that controls the level of sugar in the blood).

Hepatitis C is caused by the Hepatitis C virus (HCV). In the scientific system that names and organizes viruses, the Hepatitis C virus is part of the "hepacivirus" genus in the family "Flaviviridae". There are seven major types of HCV, called "genotypes". In the United States, the first genotype of HCV causes 70% of all cases of Hepatitis C ; the second genotype causes 20%; and each of the other genotypes causes 1% . The first genotype is also the most common in South America and Europe.

In the developed world, the most common way that people get Hepatitis C is through intravenous drug use (by shooting drugs into a vein, using a needle that was already used by a person who has Hepatitis C). In the developing world, most people get Hepatitis C through blood transfusions (being given blood that was taken from a person with Hepatitis C) or by getting medical care with tools that were not cleaned enough after being used on a person with Hepatitis C. In 20% of all cases of Hepatitis C, it is not known what caused the infection, but many of these cases are thought to have been caused by intravenous drug use.

In many parts of the world, intravenous drug use is a major risk factor for Hepatitis C (meaning that it makes people more likely to get the disease). One study that looked at 77 countries showed that in 25 of these countries (including the United States), between 60% and 80% of all IV drug users had Hepatitis C. and China. In twelve of the countries in the study, more than 80% of all IV drug users had Hepatitis C. Across the world, as many as ten million IV drug users are thought to have Hepatitis C; the highest totals are in China (1.6 million), the United States (1.5 million), and Russia (1.3 million). Studies have also shown that in places where there are high numbers of IV drug users, people are more likely to have Hepatitis C. Prisoners in the United States are ten to twenty times more likely than people in general to have Hepatitis C. This is because prisoners are more likely to do things that put them at high risk for getting Hepatitis C, like using IV drugs and getting tattoos with tools that have not been cleaned properly.

Peoples are at risk for getting Hepatitis C if they get blood transfusions (where a person is given blood from another person), blood products (which have blood or parts of blood in them), or organ transplants (where a person who needs a new organ is given an organ from another person), if these things have not been tested for the Hepatitis C virus. In the United States, there has been universal screening - meaning that all blood and organs are tested before being given to another person - since 1992. Before then, about one out of every 200 units of blood carried the Hepatitis C virus; since 1992, only one in 10,000 to 10,000,000 units of blood carry the virus. The reason that there is still a low risk, instead of no risk at all, is that a person's blood does not test positive for the Hepatitis C virus until about 11–70 days after they get the disease. So every once in a while, the screening tests may not pick up on a person's infection if the person got Hepatitis C less than 11–70 days before giving blood. While Hepatitis C screening works very well, some countries still do not screen blood and organ donations for the disease because of the cost.

Sometimes, a healthcare worker will accidentally get stuck with a needle that was used on a person with Hepatitis C. If this happens, the healthcare worker has a small chance - about a 1.8% chance - of becoming infected. The worker is more likely to get infected if the needle they were stuck with was hollow, or if the needle stuck deeply into their skin It is also possible for the Hepatitis C virus to spread if an infected person's mucus touches another person's blood; however, the risk of this happening is low. The virus cannot be spread if an infected person's mucus touches another person's intact skin (skin that is whole and not damaged, with no wounds).

Hepatitis C can also be spread through hospital equipment that has not been cleaned enough after being used on an infected person. Hepatitis C can be spread through needles, syringes, and medication containers that are re-used; through infusion bags (which are used to pump medications into a person's body; and through surgical equipment that is not sterile (or clean and free of germs). In Egypt, which has the highest rate of infection in the world, medical and dental facilities with poor standards of care and cleanliness are the most common reason that Hepatitis C spreads.

Scientists do not know whether Hepatitis C can be spread through sex. Hepatitis C is more likely in people who have sexual actions which make them much more likely to get Hepatitis C. However, it is not known whether this is because of these people's sexual behavior, or because these people were also using IV drugs. There does not seem to be any risk that Hepatitis C can be spread through sexual contact between a heterosexual couple (a man and a woman; commonly called a "straight" couple) if neither person has sex with anyone else. There does seem to be a risk of Hepatitis C spreading if one person already has a sexually transmitted infection, like HIV or genital ulceration; or if two people have sex in a way that causes wounds to the lining of the anal canal (like anal penetration - one person putting his penis into another person's anus). The United States government says that most people need to use condoms to protect themselves from getting Hepatitis C only if they have more than one sexual partner.

People who get tattoos are about two to three times more likely to get Hepatitis C. This can be because of tools that are not clean or free of germs, or because the dyes used for tattooing are contaminated (the Hepatitis C virus has gotten inside of them).

Tattoos or body piercings that were done before the mid-1980s or by people who are not professionals (not experts) are especially likely to spread Hepatitis C, since they are more likely to have used tools that were not sterile. Bigger tattoos also seem to put a person at more risk of getting Hepatitis C. The risk of getting Hepatitis C is very high in prisons; in the United States. Almost half of all prison inmates share tattooing tools that are not sterile. However, if a tattoo is done in a licensed place of business (which has to follow rules about cleaning tools and preventing diseases from spreading), there is almost no risk of getting Hepatitis C from the tattoo.

Because Hepatitis C is spread by blood-to-blood contact, personal-care tools which come into contact with blood - like razors, toothbrushes, and manicure or pedicure equipment or any other kind of blood to blood contact - can spread the disease if they are shared. To prevent the spread of Hepatitis C, people should be careful with cuts, sores, or anything else that causes bleeding. Hepatitis C does not spread through casual contact, such as hugging, kissing, or sharing eating or cooking utensils.

Although this does not happen very often, a pregnant woman who has Hepatitis C can give the disease to her baby when it is born, or to her fetus while she is pregnant. This happens in less than 10% of all pregnancies. If a pregnant woman has Hepatitis C, nothing can be done to make her less likely to give her baby the disease. If the woman is in labor (the process of delivering her baby) for a long time, there is more of a chance that the baby will become infected during the birth. Breastfeeding does not seem to spread the disease. However, doctors say that an infected mother should not breastfeed if her nipples are cracked and bleeding, or her viral loads (the amount of the Hepatitis C virus in her blood) are high.

There are a few different tests that can diagnose Hepatitis C (or say for sure that a person has the disease). These tests are called HCV antibody, ELISA, Western blot, and quantitative HCV RNA tests. Polymerase chain reaction can show that a person has Hepatitis C virus RNA (part of the virus's genetic blueprint) one to two weeks after the person becomes infected. Tests that look for Hepatitis C antibodies (which the body makes to fight the disease) cannot be done this quickly after infection, because the antibodies can take much longer to form and show up.

A person has chronic Hepatitis C if he has been infected with the Hepatitis C virus for more than six months. Because people with chronic Hepatitis C often have no symptoms for decades, doctors often diagnose it through liver function tests (which test how well the liver is working) or by doing regular screening of high-risk people. Tests cannot tell whether an infection is acute or chronic.

Hepatitis C testing usually begins with blood tests that look for antibodies to the Hepatitis C virus, using a technique called an enzyme immunoassay. If this test is showing that the body is making antibodies to fight the Hepatitis C virus, the person will be tested a second time to make sure that the results are correct and to see how serious the infection is. The results are confirmed using a technique called a recombinant immunoblot assay, and an HCV RNA polymerase chain reaction shows how serious the infection is. If the immunoblot is positive, but there is no Hepatitis C virus RNA, this shows that the person had an infection, but it cleared up either with treatment or on its own. If the immunoblot is negative, this shows that the immunoassay (the first test) was wrong, and the person does not have Hepatitis C. It takes six to eight weeks after a person gets infected before the immunoassay will test positive.

During the first part of a Hepatitis C infection, a person's liver enzymes may change; on average, they begin to rise seven weeks after infection. A person's liver enzymes usually do not affect how severe their infection is.

A test called a liver biopsy can show whether a person's liver has been damaged, or how badly it has been damaged, by Hepatitis C. There are some risks from the procedure. In a biopsy, a doctor takes a small piece out of the patient's liver so that he can test it. There are three major changes to the liver that a biopsy usually shows. One is that lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell) show up in the liver tissue. Another is that lymphoid follicles (small masses or swellings) show up in the portal triad, a part of the liver. The third is changes to the bile ducts (these carry bile, which is made in the liver and is needed to help a person digest their food, to other parts of the body). Many blood tests are available which try to measure how much damage there is to a patient's liver, in order to avoid the need for a biopsy and its risks.

As few as 5–50% of infected people in the United States and Canada know that they have Hepatitis C. Doctors say that people who are at high risk for the disease, including people with tattoos, should get tested. Screening is also suggested for people with elevated (high) liver enzymes, since this is often the only sign that a person has chronic hepatitis. Testing everyone is not recommended in the United States.

As of 2012, there is no vaccine that works to prevent Hepatitis C. Researchers are working on vaccines, and some are making progress. The spread of Hepatitis C can be prevented by using a combination of strategies, like needle exchange programs, where IV drug users can get clean needles which will not spread the virus and treatment for drug abuse. If these strategies are used together, the risk of IV drug users getting Hepatitis C drops by about 75%. Within each country screening blood donors is important. So is using universal precautions in healthcare facilities. This means that healthcare workers treat every patient as if he has Hepatitis C, and they always wear gloves, clean their equipment properly, and keep things sterile so that diseases cannot be spread. In countries that do not have enough sterile syringes to use a new needle for every patient, healthcare providers should give medications by mouth rather than using a needle so that needles do not have to be re-used.

The Hepatitis C virus causes chronic infection in 50–80% of infected persons . About 40-80% of these cases clear up with treatment. Although this almost never happens, chronic Hepatitis C can sometimes clear up on its own, without treatment. Doctors say that people with chronic Hepatitis C should avoid drinking alcohol and taking medications that can be poisonous to the liver. They also say that people with chronic infections should be given vaccines for Hepatitis A and Hepatitis B. People with cirrhosis should also have ultrasound tests for liver cancer.

If a person has changes in the liver that are not normal due to Hepatitis C virus infection, the person should get treatment. The first treatment that is used is a drug called pegylated interferon given together with the virus-killing drug ribavirin. These medications are given for 24 or 48 weeks, depending on what type of Hepatitis C virus the person has. About 50–60% of people who are treated improve. For people with Hepatitis C virus genotype 1, treatment may work even better if another medication - either boceprevir or telaprevir - is given along with ribavirin and peginterferon alfa. Side effects with treatment are common; half of people treated get flu-like symptoms, and a third have emotional problems. Treatment works better if it is given during the first six months than after Hepatitis C becomes chronic. If a person gets a new infection and it has not cleared up after eight to twelve weeks, doctors usually suggest giving pegylated interferon for another 24 weeks. For people with thalassemia (a blood disorder), ribavirin appears to be a helpful treatment, but it makes it more likely for patients to need blood transfusions (where they need to be given blood from another person).

Some supporters of alternative medicine say that alternative therapies like milk thistle, ginseng, and colloidal silver can be helpful for Hepatitis C. However, there is no proof that any alternative therapy has any effect on the Hepatitis C virus.

People respond differently to treatment, depending on which of the Hepatitis C virus genotypes they have. About 40-50% in people with genotype 1 have a good, stable response with 8–48 weeks of treatment. In people with genotypes 2 and 3, about 70-80% have a good, stable response with 24 weeks of treatment. About 65% of people with genotype 4 have a good, stable response with 48 weeks of treatment. There is not much evidence about how well treatment works for people with genotype 6 disease. The evidence that does exist looks at results after 48 weeks of treatment at the same medication doses as people with genotype 1.

Between 130 and 170 million people, or about 3% of all of the people in the world, are living with chronic Hepatitis C. Between 3–4 million people get infected per year. More than 350,000 people die every year from diseases caused by Hepatitis C. The numbers of people getting Hepatitis C have increased a lot in the 20th century for a few different reasons. More people are using IV drugs. Also, more people are getting medical care with medical equipment that is not sterile, and it is more common for medications to be given intravenously.

In the United States, about 2% of people have hepatitis C, with 35,000 to 185,000 new cases a year. Rates have decreased in the West since the 1990s due to improved blood screening before transfusion. Annual deaths from HCV in the United States range from 8,000 to 10,000. Expectations are that this mortality rate will increase as people infected by transfusion before HCV testing become ill and die.

Infection rates are higher in some countries in Africa and Asia. Countries with very high rates of infection include Egypt (22%), Pakistan (4.8%) and China (3.2%). The high rate in Egypt is linked to a now-discontinued mass-treatment campaign for schistosomiasis, using improperly sterilized glass syringes.

In the mid-1970s, Harvey J. Alter, Chief of the Infectious Disease Section in the Department of Transfusion Medicine at the National Institutes of Health, and his research team showed that most post-blood transfusion hepatitis cases were not due to hepatitis A or B viruses. Despite this discovery, international research efforts to identify the virus failed for the next decade. In 1987, Michael Houghton, Qui-Lim Choo, and George Kuo at Chiron Corporation, collaborating with Dr. D.W. Bradley from Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, used a new molecular cloning approach to identify the unknown organism and develop a diagnostic test. In 1988, Alter confirmed the virus by verifying its presence in a panel of non A non B hepatitis specimens. In April 1989, the discovery of HCV was published in two articles in the journal "Science". The discovery led to significant improvements in diagnosis and improved antiviral treatment. In 2000, Drs. Alter and Houghton were honored with the Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research for "pioneering work leading to the discovery of the virus that causes hepatitis C and the development of screening methods that reduced the risk of blood transfusion-associated hepatitis in the U.S. from 30% in 1970 to virtually zero in 2000."

Chiron filed for several patents on the virus and its diagnosis. A competing patent application by the CDC was dropped in 1990 after Chiron paid $1.9 million to the CDC and $337,500 to Bradley. In 1994, Bradley sued Chiron, seeking to invalidate the patent, have himself included as a coinventor, and receive damages and royalty income. He dropped the suit in 1998 after losing before an appeals court.

The World Hepatitis Alliance coordinates World Hepatitis Day, held every year on July 28. The economic costs of hepatitis C are significant both to the individual and to society. In the United States the average lifetime cost of the disease was estimated at US$33,407 in 2003, with the cost of a liver transplant approximately US$200,000 as of 2011. In Canada the cost of a course of antiviral treatment was as high as 30,000 CAD in 2003, while the United States costs are between 9,200 and 17,600 in 1998 USD. In many areas of the world people are unable to afford treatment with antivirals because they lack insurance coverage or the insurance they have will not pay for antivirals.

As of 2011, about one hundred medications are in development for hepatitis C. These medicines include vaccines to treat hepatitis, immunomodulators, and cyclophilin inhibitors. These potentially new treatments have come about due to a better understanding of the hepatitis C virus.

Michel Foucault

Michel Foucault (October 15, 1926 – June 25, 1984) was a French philosopher and historian. He wrote about many topics, and influenced many other thinkers.

Foucault studied institutions such as psychiatric wards, hospitals, schools, and prisons, to figure out how they affected the people living in them. He was gay. He also studied the history of sexuality and, later in his life, wrote about homosexuality.

He is often called a postmodernist or post-structuralist philosopher. Some philosophers claim that some of his ideas were influenced by existentialism. However, Foucault rejected all of these labels.

Foucault was born in 1926 in Poitiers, France. His father, Paul Foucault, was a surgeon. He attended the Jesuit Collège Saint-Stanislas. After World War II Foucault studied at the École Normale Supérieure. While attending university, he became depressed, and tried to kill himself.

Foucault became very interested in psychology. He got a degree in philosophy and a degree in psychology. Foucault joined the French Communist Party from 1950 to 1953. He left the Communist Party because he was sad about all of the people that Stalin was killing in the Soviet Union.

In the early 1950s, he taught at the École Normale. Then he began teaching psychology at the University of Lille. In 1954 Foucault published his first book, "Maladie mentale et personnalité". In the mid-1950s, he worked at Warsaw University and at the University of Hamburg.

He returned to France in 1960 to become a philosophy professor at the University of Clermont-Ferrand. In the mid-1960s, Foucault moved with his lover to Tunis (in North Africa), and got a job teaching at the University of Tunis. In 1966 he published "Les Mots et les choses" (The Order of Things), which was very popular. In 1968 he returned to France, where he published "L'archéologie du savoir" (The Archaeology of Knowledge).

In the late 1960s, after France had huge student protests and riots, the French government created a new experimental university at Vincennes. Foucault became the first head of its philosophy department. Foucault joined students in occupying administration buildings and fighting with police.

In 1970, Foucault became a Professor of the History of Systems of Thought at the Collège de France. His political involvement now increased. His male lover Defert joined the ultra-Maoist Gauche Proletarienne. Foucault then wrote "Surveiller et Punir" (Discipline and Punish), about prisons and schools.

In the late 1970s, Foucault wrote books about the history of sexuality. Foucault began to spend more time in the United States, at the University at Buffalo. In 1978 Foucault toured Iran to support the new revolutionary Islamic government. Foucault died of an AIDS-related illness in Paris on 26 June 1984.

The major collections of Foucault's writing translated into English are:


XHTML

XHTML stands for eXtensible HyperText Markup Language. It is markup used to design websites and webpages.

XHTML is much more strict than ordinary HTML, and is based on both XML and HTML. Due to the lax nature of HTML, different web browsers can sometimes display websites incorrectly since there is more than one way to interpret poorly written HTML. The strict and formal nature of XHTML, once fully adopted will allow for web browsers to display the same page correctly between them. Proper XHTML is also easier to read for humans.

For example, the below code shows one of the differences between HTML and XHTML:

Incorrect, HTML version:

<br>
Correct, XHTML version:

<br />
The line break tag in HTML does not have a closing tag, you just type it once and it creates a line break. In XHTML the rule is that tags that do not have an closing tag must close themselves within the initial tag. These tags are called "empty tags." Another empty tag is <hr /> which inserts a "horizontal rule" or dividing line.

In XHTML, using codice_1 is not "allowed". 
XHTML also should not be used together with the JavaScript codice_2 command.


Suspension bridge

A suspension bridge is a type of bridge that has been made since ancient times as early as 100 AD. Some simple suspension bridges, for use by pedestrians and livestock, are still constructed, based upon the ancient Inca rope bridge. 

Suspended from two high locations over a river or canyon, simple suspension bridges follow a shallow downward arc and are not suited for modern roads and railroads. 

The design of the modern suspended-deck suspension bridge was developed in the early 19th century. It can cross a longer span than other kinds of bridges. 

The Akashi Kaikyō Bridge is the world's longest suspension bridge. 


Sangria (colour)

Sangria is a dark slightly purplish red. It is the color of Sangría wine. It is named after this wine. Sangria can also be called a burnt red.

Coulomb

The coulomb (sometimes written C) is the SI unit of electric charge. It is named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb.

A coulomb is a quantity of electric charge. The movement of electric charge is called current in an electric circuit. For example, a flashlight bulb that has a current of one ampere will pass one coulomb of charge every second. So in ten seconds, ten coulombs have passed through the light bulb.

In an electric wire the charge that moves is in a particle called the electron. Each electron has a very small electric charge of negative one elementary charge. The elementary charge is the smallest electric charge found in a stable particle. A coulomb is equal to 6,241,509,629,152,650,000 elementary charges. The coulomb was named in honor of Charles-Augustin de Coulomb who worked on understanding electric charge in the late 1700s.

Technical Definition:

1 coulomb is the amount of electric charge carried by a current of 1 ampere flowing for 1 second. 

Leonhard Euler

Leonhard Euler (pronounced "Oiler") (April 15, 1707 – September 7, 1783) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist. He spent most of his adult life in Russia and Germany.

Euler made important discoveries in calculus and topology. He also created many of the words used in math today. He introduced the notation we use to write mathematical functions. He is also known for his works in mechanics, optics, fluid mechanics, astronomy and music theory.

Euler is considered to be the most important mathematician of the 18th century, one of the greatest mathematicians of all time and one of the most prolific writing mathematicians. His collected works fill around 80 volumes. The famous mathematician Pierre-Simon Laplace advised, "Read Euler, read Euler, he is a master for us all.”

Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-franc bill and on numerous Swiss, German, and Russian postage stamps. The asteroid 2002 Euler was named in his honor. He is also celebrated by the Lutheran Church on their Calendar of Saints on May 24.

Euler was born in Basel to Paul Euler, a pastor of the Reformed Church. His mother was Marguerite Brucker, a pastor's daughter. He had two younger sisters, Anna-Maria and Maria Magdalena. Soon after the birth of Leonhard, the Eulers moved from Basel to the town of Riehen, where Euler spent most of his childhood. Euler started school back in Basel, where he lived with his grandmother. At the age of thirteen he went to the University of Basel. In 1723, he received his Master of Philosophy. At this time, he was receiving Saturday afternoon lessons from Johann Bernoulli, who quickly discovered his new pupil's extraordinary talent for mathematics.


Burgundy (colour)

Burgundy is a deep shade of red. It is named after Burgundy wine. This wine is named after the Burgundy region of France.




Because of this people give them the nickname "Red Wine".


Pigment

A pigment is something that is added to something else to give it color. Natural pigments can come from just about anything. Pigments can be made from animals, plants, rocks and minerals or even the ground itself, for example clay plus salts. Pigments can also be created by people.

An example of a pigment is ultramarine. It is a powder found in nature. It adds a blue color to paints and dyes.

The first synthetic dye was aniline. Aniline is an organic chemical compound produced in two stages from benzene. It gives a mauve color which was much used for dyeing clothes in the 19th century. It was invented in 1856 by William Henry Perkin. Apparently, it gave a brilliant fuchsia color when first applied, but fades rapidly to mauve.

Sierra Nevada

Sierra Nevada, meaning "snowy range" in Spanish, is the name of at least three mountain ranges:


There are also two single mountains named Sierra Nevada in the Andes which are volcanoes:


Other mountains:


Sierra Nevada may also refer to beer produced by Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, a California brewery.

Anarchy in the U.K.

"Anarchy in the U.K." is a punk rock song by the Sex Pistols. It was first released as a single in 1975. In 1976, it was released as part of the album "Never Mind the Bollocks Here's the Sex Pistols". The song's lyrics espouse a nihilistic and violent concept of anarchy. It has been covered by various other bands, including Megadeth.

This song was in the video game "".

"Anarchy in the U.K." was covered by American heavy metal band Megadeth for their third album "So Far, So Good... So What!", released in 1988.

Megadeth's version has altered lyrics. Dave Mustaine explained that he could not understand Johnny Rotten's singing, so he made up the parts he could not understand (in a notable example, the line "another council tenancy" is changed to "and other cunt-like tendencies"). In addition, the country is changed to "USA", though the title is kept unchanged. The song's music video is a montage of live footage of the band, cartoon political figures, which were designed and animated by Mike Smith, Uli Meyer, Tim Watts, Jonathan Webber, Rob Stevenhagen, Jonathan Hodgson, Roxanne Ducharme and Tracy Shaw and animated at Felix Films studio in London, England, various stock footages, and of a man being forced to watch (much like Alex's therapy in "A Clockwork Orange"). Steve Jones played the second solo.

Mustaine now refuses to play the song live due to lyrics referring to the Anti-Christ, and he believes he's "better for it".




My Chemical Romance

My Chemical Romance (often abbreviated to MCR or shortened to My Chem) is a rock band from New Jersey that began in 2001. They released their first album in 2002. The band has released four albums to date. The band consists of Gerard Way (lead vocals), Ray Toro (lead guitar/vocals), Mikey Way (bass guitar), Frank Iero (rhythm guitar/vocals). The band announced that they were breaking up on March 22, 2013, but announced their reunion October 31, 2019 and released their first song in over a decade on May 12th, 2022.

The band was started by Gerard Way after witnessing the September 11, 2001 attacks after he was on his way to work in New York and saw the bodies falling from the building. Gerard said that he thought to himself "What am I doing with my life? I'm slaving away doing drawings for Cartoon Network and not actually helping anybody". He then called up his friend Matt Pelissier who went on to recruit Ray Toro - the band's lead guitarist. Gerard said "there's nobody in New Jersey who can beat him, he is the best". Gerard's brother Mikey Way, bass guitarist, joined his brother's new band soon after.

In May 2002, Frank Iero joined as the rhythm guitarist for the band. He was more than happy to leave college against his parents' wishes to join his favourite band, and while MCR were on tour, he got a tattoo of a scorpion as high up on his neck as he could get it, as a stand against getting a regular job. 

In 2004, Pelissier was kicked out of the band, and was replaced by Bob Bryar - a sound technician for The Used and Thursday at the time. This lineup did not change until 2010, when Bob was removed from the band due to personal issues. 

The name of the band comes from an Irvine Welsh book titled ""Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance"" which caught Mikey Way's eye when he was working in Barnes & Noble.

My Chemical Romance's sound usually has elements of punk rock, pop and alternative rock.

They have been categorised as alternative rock, post-hardcore, punk rock, pop punk, and, most controversially, emo.

The band's official website describes their music as simply "rock" or "violent, dangerous pop".

Band frontman Gerard Way has publicly rejected the term "emo", describing the genre as "fucking garbage". However, Way has reportedly also described the band's style as "What-else-ya-got-emo".

Gerard said to "Rolling Stone", "We love bands like Queen, where it's huge and majestic, but also bands like Black Flag and the Misfits, who would go absolutely crazy." Lead singer Gerard Way has stated that the band is very influenced by The Cure, Joy Division, Bauhaus, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and The Smiths/Morrissey. Way has also said that his band patterns their career after that of The Smashing Pumpkins, another band they like. The band's overall influences are:Black Flag, Iron Maiden, The Misfits, Morrissey/The Smiths, At the Gates, The Cure, The Descendents, Pantera, The Smashing Pumpkins, Pink Floyd, Bon Jovi, The Damned, Fugazi, Ministry, New York Dolls, Nirvana, Queen, Sunny Day Real Estate, Green Day, Joy Division, Kill Creek, AFI, Cursive, and Alkaline Trio. One of Gerard Way's biggest influences was The Beach Boys.
Especially Pet Sounds.
Growing up, they were also very influenced by horror films and comic books, and therefore their music, lyrics, and image all have overt elements of fantasy, horror, and theatricality.

The band released their first album on July 23, 2002. It was titled "I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love". The album featured the first song written by the band, Skylines And Turnstiles, which Gerard began to write after the 9/11 attacks, in 2001.

The second album by My Chemical Romance, "Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge", was the album that shot them to fame with songs like "I'm Not Okay (I Promise)" and "Helena" (A song written about the Way brothers' grandmother, Elena). It was released in June 2004. Over two million copies of the album have been sold in the United States. The album was about a man who dies in a gunfight and is separated from his lover. In order to get her back, he makes a deal with the devil that would reunite them on the condition that the man first kill a thousand evil men. In the end, it is revealed that the last person that he needs to kill is himself.

Their third album titled "The Black Parade" was released on October 23rd, 2006. The album sold more than 240,000 copies in the first week after it was released. It has sold over 1 million copies in total. The first single taken from The Black Parade called "Welcome to the Black Parade" reached the top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and No.1 in the UK charts for two weeks.
The band has commented in the past about the album, saying that The Black Parade is like a different band performing in a different 'world', and once that's over, My Chemical Romance will never be The Black Parade again. The album largely focuses on one character, The Patient, but also consists of songs and lyrics about different subjects and aspects of life and death. At the end of the CD, there is an extra track called Blood which plays over a minute and a half later.

MCR's newest album was released on November 22, 2010. The original album was scrapped by the band due to their dislike and disappointment in it, and their second effort became what is now Danger Days. The band was halfway through making it when Bob Bryar suddenly left the band, which resulted in restarting the record. The record has spawned a tour called the World Contamination Tour, which is set to play through at least May 2011. MCR also went out on the Honda Civic tour 2011 with Blink 182. The band was using Michael Pedicone as a touring drummer to replace Bob Bryar. Pedicone was caught red handed stealing from My Chemical Romance. This resulted in him being kicked out, and replaced with Jarrod Alexander for the remainder of the Honda Civic Tour (2011). This album is musically different from Black Parade as the band has departed a bit from the dark themes of before and is infused with more pop influenced sounds and color. Set in California in the year 2019, a group of rebels called the Killjoys are rebelling against a dictator-like corporation called Better Living Industries.










Cobalt blue

Cobalt blue is a cool blue colour. People used to make it using cobalt salts. Cobalt blue is used widely by artists. Many pieces of glassware have this colour--glassware that does have this colour is called "cobalt glass". 

The first written use of "cobalt blue" as a colour name in English was in 1777. 



Azure (color)

Azure is a color that looks like the color of the sky on a bright, clear day. It is a pure chroma on the RGB color wheel halfway between blue and cyan. The complementary color of azure is orange.




The word "azure" comes from the Persian لاژورد "lazhward". Lazhward was the name of a place. This place was famous for a kind of deep blue stone. Now we call this stone "lapis lazuli". It means "stone of Lazhward".

The word came to Old French by the twelfth century. The French used this word to talk about the colors of coats of arms. From the French the word came to the English. The first recorded use of "azure" as a color name in English was in 1374.

In heraldry, the word "azure" simply means "blue". Azure is said to represent Jupiter and sapphires.

It belongs to the class of tinctures called "colors". In engraving, it is sometimes depicted as a region of horizontal lines or else marked with either az. or b. as an abbreviation.

In addition to the standard blue tincture called azure, there is a lighter blue sometimes found that is called bleu celeste or "sky blue". Neither azure nor bleu celeste is precisely defined as a particular shade of blue, but azure is consistently depicted in a much darker shade.


Viridian

Viridian is a teal-green color with a hue toward green. The name comes from the Latin word "viridis" which means "green". 








Tarsier

The tarsiers are prosimian (non-monkey) primates. They got their name from the long bones in their feet. They are now placed together with the simians (monkeys).

They live in trees, and are entirely nocturnal. Tarsiers are the only primates which are wholly carnivorous. They mainly eat insects, but some are also known to eat birds and snakes. Tarsiers can catch prey like birds even if they are in motion as the tarsiers jump from tree to tree to catch their prey.

Tarsiers have incredibly good hearing.

They have large eyes. Each is about 16 mm wide.They are very sensitive to touch, and weigh as much as their entire brain. Unlike many nocturnal animals, tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area (tapetum lucidum) of the eye. They also have a fovea, which is also not usual in nocturnal animals.

The tarsier's brain is different from other primates in one respect. The sequence of cell layers in the lateral geniculate nucleus getting information from both eyes is different from the set-up in lemurs, lorises, and monkeys. "This apparent difference distinguishes tarsiers from all other primates, and reinforces the view that they arose in an early, independent line of primate evolution".

Pregnancy takes about six months, which is a long time for such a small animal. Tarsiers give birth to single offspring.

They were once widespread, but now tarsiers live only on islands in south-east Asia. Fossils are found in Asia, Europe, and North America, and some disputed fossils from Africa. Living tarsiers are on several southeast Asian islands, including the Philippines, Sulawesi, Borneo, and Sumatra.

They also have the longest continuous fossil record of any primate. The fossil record shows that their teeth have not changed much, except in size, in the past 45 million years. That means what they eat, and probably their lifestyle, has not changed much, either.

Tarsiers are said to be the inspiration for the famous movie character Yoda of Star Wars due to their small size but excellent hunting skills.

One tarsier species, Dian's tarsier ("Tarsius dentatus"), is listed by on the IUCN Red List as being "lower risk – conservation dependent". Horsfield's tarsier ("Cephalopachus bancanus") is listed as "lower risk – least concern". The spectral tarsier ("Tarsius spectrum") is categorized as "lower risk, not threatened". The pygmy tarsier ("Tarsius pumilus") was thought to be extinct until a family were found in 2008. The two males and single female (a fourth escaped) were captured using nets, and were radio collared to track their movements. Other tarsier species are listed as "data deficient".


Theoretical computer science

Theoretical Computer Science is domain of Computer Science that looks at the notion of information and about how information can be processed. It also looks at the way models are built in computer science. Common divisions of theoretical computer sciences include:

Other domains, such as Logic and Statistics used as well, but in most cases, they are not the primary focus of theoretical computer science.

Pedestrian

A pedestrian is a person traveling on foot, whether walking or running. In modern times, the term mostly refers to someone walking on a road or footpath, but this was not the case historically.

The main way humans get around is by walking. The first humans walked out of Africa about 60,000 years ago. We walked across India to reach Australia. We walked across Asia to reach the Americas. We walked from the fertile crescent area to reach Europe.
Nowadays, roads often have a designated footpath attached especially for pedestrian traffic, called the "sidewalk" in American English and the "pavement" in British English. There are also footpaths not associated with a road which are used only by pedestrians, especially ramblers, hikers or hill-walkers and there are roads not associated with a footpath. These footpaths, in mountains or forests, are called trails. 
Efforts are underway by pedestrian advocacy groups to make it easy to be a pedestrian in new developments, especially to counteract newer developments where 20 to 30 percent do not include sidewalks. Some activists advocate large auto-free zones where pedestrians only or pedestrians and some non-motorised vehicles are allowed. 



Patti Deutsch

Patricia Deutsch Ross (born Elaine Patricia Deutsch; December 16, 1943 – July 26, 2017) was an American actress. She was best known for appearing the television game show "Match Game" in the 1970s. She was also known for doing voices in animated movies. Deutsch was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Deutsch died in Los Angeles, California from cancer on July 26, 2017 at the age of 73.



Body double

A body double is a person who works in the movie or television production industry. Body doubles are models that act in scenes that actors or actresses do not want to do. For example, body doubles sometimes act in love scenes or scenes of nudity, where a person's body is shown. 

Body doubles are usually models that have developed very good bodies by exercising and by eating well. Actors whose characters must appear nude or otherwise show more skin, often have flaws and imperfections such as may come with age or being overweight and it can be expensive to digitally edit these out. Often, movies or television shows that use body doubles do not admit that a body double model was used. 

In the popular American movie "Pretty Woman", a fashion and parts model named Donna Scoggins posed for the infamous movie poster in thigh-high boots, while another body double, Shelley Michelle, filmed nude scenes that actress Julia Roberts did not want to do. 

Another job in the movie and television production industry where people do actions that the actors or actresses do not want to do is the job of stuntman. A stuntman is a person who does dangerous actions in movies, for example, jumping, falling, getting in a car accident, or pretending to fight with knives.

What distinguishes a "stunt person" from a "stunt double" is the particular character they portray. If the character in question is a main character and/or central to the plot and uniquely identifiable, the stuntman is then typically referred to as a "stunt double" in the credits.

Intergenerational conflict

An intergenerational conflict is either a conflict situation between teenagers and adults or a more abstract conflict between two generations, which often involves prejudices against another generation.

Furthermore, intergenerational conflict describes cultural, social or economic discrepancies between generations. These can be caused by value shift or conflict of interest between younger and older generations. An example are changes to an intergenerational contract that may be necessary to reflect a change in demographics.

For examples of intergenerational conflict," Dreaming in Cuban, "by Cristina Garcia is a good novel to take a look at.

Intergenerational contract

An intergenerational contract is an agreement between different generations. It assumes that future generations will honor the contract and provide a service to a generation that has done the same service for an older generation.

The most common use of the term is in social security and refers to the consensus to provide pensions for the retired generations through payments made by the working generations.

The use of the word "contract" is not entirely accurate as the next generation enters the agreement without consent.

Inca rope bridge

Inca rope bridges were simple suspension bridges over canyons and gorges to provide access for the Inca Empire. Bridges of this type were suitable for use since the Inca people did not use wheeled transport - traffic was limited to pedestrians and livestock. These bridges were an important part on the Inca road system and are an excellent example of Inca innovation in engineering. They were frequently used by runners delivering messages throughout the Incan empire.













Ewok

Ewoks are a fictional race of small, bear-like creatures from George Lucas' "Star Wars" universe. They first appeared in the film "". 

They live on the forests on the moon of the Planet Endor. They often wear the skins or skulls of animals they have hunted. The most famous Ewok is Wicket W. Warwik, a brave Ewok who destroyed an entire Imperial shield projector. The Ewoks were also well known for their victory against the Empire in the "Battle of Endor".

Inca road system

The Inca road system ("El Camino Inca") of Peru was the most extensive among the many roads and trails that were constructed in pre-Columbian South America. 

It went across the Andes mountains and reached heights of over 5,000 m (16,500 feet) above sea level. The Inca road system covered approximately 22,500 kilometres (14,000 mi) and provided access to over three million km² of territory.

Because the Incas did not make use of the wheel for transportation, and did not have horses until the arrival of the Spanish in Peru in the 16th century, the trails were used almost exclusively by people walking, sometimes accompanied by pack animals, usually the llama.

The trails were used by the Inca people as a means of relaying messages, carried via knotted-cord quipu and by memory; and for transporting goods. Messages could be carried by runners covering as much as 240 km (150 mi) per day, working in relay fashion much like the Pony Express of the 1860s in North America.

There were approximately 2,000 inns, or "tambos", placed at even intervals along the trails. The inns provided food, shelter and military supplies to the tens of thousands who traveled the roads. 

The most important Inca road was the "Camino Real", as it is known in Spanish, with a length of 5,200 km (3,230 mi). It began in Quito, Ecuador, passed through Cusco, and ended in what is now Tucumán, Argentina. The Camino Real went across the mountain ranges of the Andes, with peak altitudes of more than 5,000 m. "El Camino de la Costa", the coastal trail, with a length of 4,000 km (2,420 mi), ran parallel to the sea and was linked with the Camino Real by many smaller routes.

By far the most popular of the Inca trails for trekking is the "Capaq Nan trail", which leads from the village of Ollantaytambo to Machu Picchu, the so-called "Lost City of the Incas". There are many well-preserved ruins along the way, and hundreds of thousands of tourists from around the world make the three- or four-day trek each year, accompanied by guides.

The Inca Trail to Machu Picchu is actually three routes, which all meet up near Inti-Pata, the 'Sun Gate' and entrance to Machu Picchu. The three trails are known as the "Mollepata", "Classic" and "One Day" trails, with "Mollepata" being the longest of the three. Passing through the Andes mountain range and sections of the Amazon rainforest, the Trail passes several well-preserved Inca ruins and settlements before ending at the Sun Gate on Machu Picchu mountain. The two longer routes require an ascent to beyond 12,000 ft (3,660 m) above sea level, which can result in altitude sickness. 


Columbia Pictures

Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. is an American company that produces movies and at one time, television shows. It is now one of the "Big Five" American movie studios and the oldest, busiest and most well-known member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, which is owned by the Japanese company Sony. Sony Pictures also includes smaller studios like TriStar Pictures, Screen Gems, and Sony Pictures Animation. The studio buildings are located at the Sony Pictures Studios lot in Culver City, California.

Formed in 1918 as CBC Film Sales by brothers Jack and Harry Cohn and their partner Joe Brandt, the studio started out very small. It eventually adopted the "Columbia" name in 1924 and became better known and successful under president Harry Cohn and film director Frank Capra making Western movies, comedy movies, and short films. After Harry Cohn died, the studio went under hard times in the 1960s and 1970s before being bought by the Coca-Cola Company in 1982. It created a side project with CBS and HBO that became TriStar Pictures and started making more successful films again such as the Ghostbusters movies and "The Karate Kid".

Coca-Cola spun off Columbia into its own company again in 1987, which at that point had fully bought TriStar and other companies such as Merv Griffin's company, which was known for making "Wheel of Fortune" and "Jeopardy!". In 1989, Sony Corporation decided to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment, which included both Columbia and TriStar. Under Sony, Columbia moved into the former MGM studios after years of sharing space with Warner Bros. Columbia and TriStar continued making their own movies and TV shows before combining under the Sony name in 1999.

Columbia is known for making movies such as "Ghostbusters", "The Karate Kid", "Men in Black", "Stuart Little", "21 Jump Street", "Zombieland", "Bad Boys", and several movies about The Three Stooges and Spider-Man. It has also helped make a few James Bond movies with MGM.

At one point, one of the only ways that Columbia was still making money in the 1960s and 70s was through its TV department, which was originally the first version of Screen Gems and later renamed Columbia Pictures Television. TV shows that Columbia made through Screen Gems/CPT included "I Dream of Jeannie", "Days of Our Lives", "Seinfeld", and "Walker, Texas Ranger". The TV department was eventually renamed "Columbia TriStar Television" and is now known as Sony Pictures Television, and the "Columbia" name is now only tied to movies.


Jason

Jason was a hero in Greek mythology. He was born in Thessaly, northern Greece. Jason was the captain of the ship called the "Argos". The men who helped to sail the boat were called the Argonauts. The word Argonaut comes from the name of the boat: Argo and the word ending -naut meaning "sailor". 

Jason and the Argonauts went to find the Golden Fleece. His father was Aeson, the rightful king of Iolcus. Jason fell in love with the daughter of the Golden Fleece's owner. Her name was Medea. Medea helped Jason get the Golden Fleece from her father. Jason and Medea killed the owner of the Golden Fleece and returned to Jason's city, Iolcus. Medea then killed Jason's half-brother Pelias so Jason could be in charge. When she was found out, Jason and Medea went to live in the Greek city of Corinth. Jason then married the princess of Corinth so they could stay. The story of Jason, the Argonauts, and the Golden Fleece is told in two modern movies: "Hercules" starring Steve Reeves, and "Jason and the Argonauts" starring Todd Armstrong.

Color code

A color code is a system for displaying information by using different colors. Color codes are often difficult or impossible for blind and color blind people to understand.

Examples of color codes:

"The Color Code" is also the title of a book (References, Joseph et al., 2002) combined with a nutritional practice by the same name in another book publication (Heber, 2001). "The Color Code" combines food science, medical knowledge and nutritional practices to encourage consumer intake of colourful plant foods for achieving optimal health.


Complementary color

Complementary colors are pairs of opposite colors. What is meant by "opposite" can be different between color science, art, and printing.

In color science, "complementary colors" are colors opposite to each other on the color wheel. Primary colors and secondary colors are paired in this way:


Along with these pairs, there is another pair of complementary colors: the basic color and the tertiary color made by mixing two other complementary colors.

If a person stares at a single color for about a minute then looks at a white surface, an afterimage of the complementary color will appear. This is because of "eye fatigue". For example, if the person stares at a red color, the photoreceptors (cells in the eye which catch colored light) for red light in the retina (the back part of the eye) become fatigued. When photoreceptors are fatigued, they are less able to send information to the brain. If the person then looks at white light, all photoreceptors will send information. Because the photoreceptors for red light are fatigued, the information they send will not be as strong as the information about the other colors, and the illusion of seeing the complementary color, cyan, is made.

Because of the limited range of colors that was available throughout most of the history of art, many artists still use a traditional set of complementary pairs, including:


The complement of each primary color (red, blue, or yellow) is roughly the color made by mixing the other two in a subtractive system (red + blue = purple; blue + yellow = green; red + yellow = orange). When two complements are mixed, they produce a gray or brown.

The use of complementary colors is an important aspect of art and graphic design. This also extends to other fields such as contrasting colors in logos and retail display. When placed next to each other, complements make each other appear brighter. On an artistic color wheel, complementary colors are placed opposite one another. Although these artistic complements are not complements under the scientific definition, most artistic color wheels are laid out roughly like the HSV color wheel.

Decriminalization

Decriminalization is making something legal that was illegal.

For example, alcohol was illegal in USA during the 1920s. However, people felt strongly against it, and made it legal again.

Battledress

Battledress is a general term for the military uniform worn into combat, as opposed to 'display' dress and formal uniforms worn at parades and functions. It may be either monochrome (often a shade of green or brown) or in military camouflage colours.



SketchUp

SketchUp is a 3D modelling program made for architects, engineers, and moviemakers. It is easier to use than most programs used for three dimensional drawings. SketchUp was created by the company @Last Software and released in August 2000. In 2006, @Last Software was bought by Google. They released SketchUp6 in January 2007. SketchUp6 can use add-ons that let things build with the program be made into files that can be used with Google Earth. In 2012, SketchUp was bought by Trimble Navigation. 


Islamism

Islamism is a group of ideologies that say that the Muslim world should be run by sharia (Islamic laws). Generally, it is the idea that Islam should guide both society and politics, as well as people's personal lives. Important people who have inspired Islamist movements include Yusuf al-Qaradawi, Malcolm X, Ayatollah Khomeini, Sayyid Qutb, Muhammad Iqbal.

Poitiers

Poitiers is a city in France, the prefecture of the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. The town is picturesque; and its streets are interesting for their remains of ancient architecture, especially of the Romanesque period, and the memories of great historical events.

The city itself is very old. It already existed as a Gaulish fort in the time when Julius Caesar came to Gaul. It was the capital of the Pictones tribe.

Poitiers is in the centre of the Vienne department, between the valleys of the Boivre and the Clain rivers. The old town is on the slopes and the summit of a plateau which rises 130 feet (40 m) above the streams which surround it on three sides.

Poitiers is at about from Bordeaux, from Paris, from Limoges and from Nantes.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Poitiers is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Poitiers, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Poitiers are known, in French, as "Pictaviens" (women: "Pictaviennes").

With a population of 87,435, Poitiers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Poitiers

Poitiers forms, with seven other "communes", the urban area of Poitiers with a population of 128,111 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Poitiers, formed by 97 "communes", with a population of 257,233 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Poitiers is the prefecture of the Vienne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Poitiers and the administrative centre () of five canton:

It is part of the intercommunality "Grand Poitiers" ().

Poitiers is twinned with:

This is a list of people of interest who were born or resided in Poitiers:



Valence, Drôme

Valence is a city in the south of France, along the Rhône river. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Drôme department in France.

Valence is twinned with:

Valence

Valence can stand for different things:



Anvil

An anvil is a hard piece of metal which is used as a workbench when making things out of iron or steel. An anvil is used by a blacksmith when they need to hammer hot iron to bend it into the shape they want. A blacksmith can make new shoes for horses.

Anvils were known in the Bronze Age and possibly earlier. They were used in Ancient Greece and Ancient Egypt. They are still in use today, although not nearly as much as 100 years ago when there were many more horses. 

Anvils are extremely heavy. They are made in different sizes. The 17th century writer John Bunyan was a tinker (someone who mends pots and pans). He walked around the villages of Bedfordshire with a small anvil and a few tools on his back. His anvil was wedge-shaped, so that he could knock it into the ground when he needed to do a repair. His anvil is now in the John Bunyan museum in Bedford.

The anvil has sometimes been used as a percussion instrument because it makes a very loud sound when hit by the hammer. Usually musicians use a metal bar mounted on a sound-box. This sounds just as good as a real anvil (which would be very heavy to carry around).

Verdi wrote some famous music called the "Anvil Chorus" in his opera "Il Trovatore". Wagner asked for 18 anvils in "Das Rheingold" in the scene which takes place below the earth where the Nibelungs are working at their forges. Albert Parlow wrote an "Anvil Polka", Varèse used an anvil in "Ionisation", Walton uses an anvil in "Belshazzar’s Feast" and there is an anvil in the orchestra in Howard Shore's music for "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy.


Inca Empire

The Inca were a pre-Columbian country and empire in the Andes of South America. The word Inca can also mean the emperor or king of the Inca people. It was the largest empire in the Americas, and was large even by world standards. It existed shortly before Christopher Columbus arrived in the Americas. 

The Inca ruled along the western coast of South America for a little over 100 years, until the Spanish invasion in the 16th century. The empire was centered around the city of Cuzco, or Qosqo, in what is now southern Peru. This was the administrative, political and military center of the empire. In later years, it was also centered around Quito. The Inca were ruled by an Emperor known as the "Sapa Inca". Throughout their empire, they built many roads and bridges to make travel between their communities easy.

The Inca Empire was called in Quechua, which means "four regions". The empire only lasted for about 100 years as the arrival of the conquering Spaniards in 1532 AD marked the end of their reign. Their main language was Quechua, but as the Empire was made up of many different groups there were probably many different languages as well.

The Inca Empire began around Lake Titicaca in about 1197. From 1438 to 1533, the Incas used conquest and non-violent assimilation to gain a large portion of western South America. Their empire centered on the Andean mountain ranges. It included large parts of what is now Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina and Chile.

In 1533, Atahualpa, the last sovereign emperor, was executed by the conquistador Francisco Pizarro. That meant the beginning of Spanish rule in South America. The Inca Empire was supported by an economy based on the collective ownership of the land.



Pre-Columbian era

The pre-Columbian era means the history and prehistory of the Americas before there were important European influences on the American continent.

The word pre-Columbian refers to the era before Christopher Columbus, but sometimes it can include the history of American indigenous cultures as they continued to develop after the Christopher Columbus' first landing in 1492, until they were conquered or influenced by Europeans, even if this happened decades or even centuries after the arrival of Columbus.

Pre-Columbian can also mean cultures of any one of the great native civilizations of the Americas, such as those of Mesoamerica (the Aztec and Maya) and of the Andes (Inca, Moche and Chibcha).



Duct tape

Duct tape, sometimes called duck tape, is a very strong adhesive tape with a cloth backing . Usually duct tape is grey or black, but it is made in other colors including transparent, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, flames, zebra stripe, leopard spot, tye dye, and others. People use duct tape to repair many things, for example a broken handbag or a broken chair.

Duct tape was designed during World War I. It was first used to keep water out of ammunition cases. It was found to work so well that people started using it to fix many other things. Duct tape was also called "100 mph tape" by the military because it is said the tape will still stick in winds at speeds of 100 miles per hour. Duct tape got its name from its use on heating and air conditioning ducts but oddly enough, that is the one use that the tape is not very good for. It is illegal in California to use duct tape on ducts and most professional builders in the United States are not allowed to use it either.

In the United States, people use duct tape in many action movies and television shows. Strips of duct tape can be used to tie a person up because it is very hard to get them off.

Duct tape is also great for making things like wallets, purses, clothes, and sometimes even sculptures. The use of it as an art medium is fairly new, though.

Text editor

A text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create and change text. The text can be saved into a file that is called a "text file". Text editors can be used for a lot of things. Many people use them to write documents. Some people write code (like HTML or C++) using a text editor. 

Some text editors can edit "rich text". Rich text allows bold text, "italic text", and other things. This is why rich text is different form "text file" which do not have bold text or "italic text" properties.

Most text editors today support "search and replace". A computer will quickly find some text the user wants. The user can tell the computer to replace the found text with something else. This can be in part or all of the document.

Copy, cut and paste are other common options in text editors. Copy allows users to instantly add a copy of text in one place to another place. Cut and paste are similar, except that the text is moved from one place to another instead of being copied. This is very useful when a writer wishes to put his paragraphs in a different order, for example.

Sometimes users make mistakes, or need to do the same thing over and over without getting bored. This is what the undo and redo features do. Users can reverse their mistakes, or quickly repeat their actions. Some text editors allow many mistakes in a row to be reversed; others allow only one or two.


Valency

In chemistry, valency or valence is the number of chemical bonds that an atom of a certain element can form.

For a long time, people thought that this number was a fixed property of the element in question. They thought that carbon always has four bonds, oxygen always has two, and hydrogen always has one. The problem was seen only later. For example, phosphorous sometimes behaves as if it had three bonds, a valence of three. At other times, though, it seems to have five bonds. 

IUPAC saw this problem, and proposed oxidation numbers. This means there is one number per chemical element. The problem with this approach is that it leaves aside most chemical properties of the elements in question.

A valence band is the highest occupied molecular orbital normally occupied by valence electrons for a given solid at absolute zero temperature.



Valence (Charente)

Valence is a village in France, in Poitou-Charentes. It is near Angoulême. In 1999, 240 people lived there.

Valence (Tarn-et-Garonne)

Valence is a village in the Midi-Pyrénées region of France. It is in the department Tarn-et-Garonne. In 1999, about 4800 people lived there. Together with 23 other, similar villages, it formed the "Communauté de communes des Deux Rives". In that structure (that is, in all the villages together) there are about 15.500 people. 

Valence is located 25 km from Agen, 45 km from Montauban, 60 km from Cahors, 90 km from Toulouse and 160 km from Bordeaux

Valence-d'Albigeois

Valence-d'Albigeois is a village in the department of Tarn, in French region Midi-Pyrénées. It is near Albi. In 1999, 1142 people lived there.

Valence-en-Brie

Valence-en-Brie is a village in the Île-de-France region in France. It is located near Melun in the department Seine-et-Marne. In 1999, 583 people lived there.

Valence-sur-Baïse

Valence-sur-Baïse is a city in the Gers department of the Midi-Pyrénees region in France. It is near Condom-en-Armagnac. It was founded in 1274 by Gerald V, Count of Armagnac, and the Cistercian Abbey of Flaran as a Bastide (a fortified city). In 1999, 1151 people lived there. There is an old cisercian abbey at the place. Today the abbey serves as a cultural center. There is also a public washing basin, and a port, where ships can land.

Bastide

A bastide is a fortified town. They were built mainly in the south of France in the Middle Ages. Most bastides were built between 1229 and 1373, between the Albigensian Crusade and the Hundred Years' War. Today, there are about 400 bastides. They all have a central square, and a rectangular street layout. On the market square, the houses have arcades. They were usually built in places that were easy to defend, such as the top of a hill or on a plain.

Well-known bastides today are Carcassonne and Andorra la Vella.

Bastides are medieval cities. There is an act of foundation (a law made to start them). There are often historic documents written about them.
Some times they are planned cities and are usually only one architect (or one lord) designs it. They were often built where there was already a village, or at a place of historical importance. They were sometimes also built where people bought and sold things a lot (for example where trading routes crossed).

The Treaty of Paris (1229) is sometimes seen as the foundation act which made the construction of modern cities and bastides possible. The treaty itself ended the Albigensian Crusade. One of the first bastides built was Montauban. Montauban became a city in 1144. However some consider Mont-de-Marsan which was founded in 1133 to be a bastide.

Most bastides were built in the countryside. They were basically to serve the needs of local trade (usually, agriculture). A few of them were built in places which were very easy to defend. Others were built where it was possible to defend them, but most bastides were simply built where they were needed. The time when they were built was a peaceful one in the region.

Bastides were built by people who had a high social status, such as:


The main feature of all bastides is a central, open place, or square. It was used for markets, but also used for political and social gatherings. A typical square, (which was probably a model for other bastides), can be found in Montauban.

Generally, there is just one square. Saint-Lys and Albias are different because they have two squares, one for the market, and one square for the church.

The square is also used to divide the city into quarters. Generally it lies outside the main street (the axis) which carried the traffic. There are three possible layouts:

Generally the flattest place in the bastide was used for the square.

Except in very rare cases, the church was not on the central square. Usually it was at an angle, and faced the square diagonally. One of the rare exceptions is Villefranche-de-Rouergue.

There were clear rules how houses could be built in the bastide. The front of the houses - the façades - had to line up. Also there had to be a small space between the houses. The different housing lots were all alike, by was a common size. There were only a limited number of lots. This varied between 10, and several thousand (3,000 in Grenade-sur-Garonne)

The streets were usually – wide, so a chariot could pass through. They ran alongside the façades of the houses. Alleys run between streets, these are usually only – wide. Sometimes they are only – wide. In a bastide there were usually between one and eight streets.

When bastides were founded most had no city walls or fortifications. This was because it was a peaceful time in history. Such things were added later. This was done either through a special tax, or through a law that required that the people of the city helped build the walls. A good example is Libourne. Ten years after the city was founded, the people asked for money to build city walls. Once they had received the money, they spent it on making their city prettier, rather than building walls.

At the beginning of the Hundred Years' War, many bastides that had no city walls were destroyed. Some of the others quickly built stone walls, to protect the city.

There are different base layouts for bastides. Often for each type of layout, there was a bastide that was an example for other bastides. The most common layout started from two perpendicular streets. New streets were made parallel to the two original streets. This led to a usually rectangular grid layout.

There seems to have been no plan when these bastides were built. This may have been for the following reasons:

An example of such a bastide is La Bastide-de-Bousignac.

The circle layout for a bastide was very rare. The only surviving example is in Fourcès.

Enclosing bastides were built around an existing small village or hamlet. There already was a church or a small group of houses. When new houses were built, they were added around the original buildings.

There is one main street that links the two gates. This makes the axis around which the bastide was built. These are quite common, with about 30—40% of all bastides using this design. Very often they are found on flat land. The square is often made by making the main street bigger. Very often there are alleys which run perpendicular to the main street. This layout is very easy to change to fit in with the local landscape.

An example of a one axis bastide is Gimont. Gimont is long, and only wide. Sometimes, there is another street which runs parallel to the main axis. The city square is made between the two streets.

There are two main streets, axes, which are perpendicular (make a right angle). All other streets are at a right angle, or parallel to one of the two main streets. The city square is very often in the centre, or very near the centre. The whole city is either rectangular, square, hexagonal or oval shaped. This layout was the plan used at the height of the bastide movement.

A few steps are necessary to make a new bastide, these are:

Once all this steps are done, the bastide is not yet founded. The next step is to attract people to come live in the new city. This is done by making a "Charta of customs". This Charta does not tell so much about customs, but rather about the privileges those that live there (the citizens) get. These privileges can be of different kinds:

Bastides wanted to attract people who should come to live there. They therefore offered equality to those who came to live there. They made it look like citizens had equal rights, and were free.

The social system was very fixed and unchanging during the Middle Ages. The system of laws of the Middle Ages was built on the fact that society did not change. Everyone had their place in the system and they stayed there. The lords who built the bastide did not want to change the social system. All they wanted was small local improvements. Usually, the land where the bastide was built was not developed. The lords that owned the land were not making much money from it. They built the bastide because they hoped they would get more profits from the land.

For these reasons, people who already had a social status, (serfs, noblemen and priests) could not settle in the bastide. A few poor noblemen gave their land to the city and started a career as a trader, because that way they could earn more money than before.
The people who lived in the city looked free, but this freedom had limits:

Men and women did not have equal rights. Women are often mentioned in the Charter, and have some rights:

Lepers were usually not welcome in the city. Certain bastides had special places which would treat them, but they were generally excluded from social life. They had to wear special badges to show they were ill, and they could not come close to normal people.

Another group of people that was generally not welcome were the Jews. In the beginning there was no problem, but later Jews were persecuted. Philip IV of France did not allow any Jews to live in France, in 1306. He confiscated their belongings and sold them.

A number of bastides were successful and still exist today. Many others have failed, and most of their population left them.

The bastides had three stages of development or change:



Arcade

In architecture, an Arcade is a passage or a walkway that is covered by arches or vaults. It can also be a covered walkway with arches (towards a place or a street).

Camouflage (disambiguation)

Camouflage can mean:

Military camouflage

Military camouflage is a type of clothing, fabric covering, or painted pattern used by militaries and armies to make it harder to see soldiers and weapons such as artillery guns and military vehicles. Camouflage clothes, fabric coverings, and paint use a colored pattern of several colors that is designed to blend in with the surroundings. Camouflage patterns are also used for hunting clothes.

Camouflage patterns used in desert areas, are beige and light brown. Camouflage patterns used in forested areas, mix different green and brown colors. Camouflage patterns used in urban areas mix grey, white, and black colors. Camouflage for snowy areas use white colors to blend in with the snow.

Camouflage became an important part of modern military tactics when the accuracy of rifles and cannons improved at the end of the 1800s. But armies continued to use bright colours and designs until the 20th century. During World War II camouflage became a common feature in military uniforms. As well, many military vehicles such as planes and trucks were painted with camouflage patterns.

Different countries use different types of military camouflage patterns.



Assyrian genocide

Sayfo was a genocide by the Ottoman Empire in which over 300,000 Assyrians were killed during raids.

The Assyrians call it the "Sayfo", the Aramaic word for "sword". Many Assyrians were considered unpure by the Turks and were massacred for not giving up Christianity and becoming Muslims. Assyrians lost their homes and possessions to the sultan, Adulhamed the Red. Even before the genocide, they had been persecuted and forced to pay high taxes.

Since ancient times and the conquest by the Babylonians, the Assyrians have not have had their own nation. Their diaspora has spread over to many different countries.

Under the Turks, they were oppressed and forced assimilated to the empires, and many lost their independence. Those who have survived keep their common unity, especially in their deep Christian faith.

The Assyrian genocide (also known as Sayfo or Seyfo) was committed against the Assyrian population of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War by the Young Turks. The Assyrian population of northern Mesopotamia included the Tur Abdin, Hakkari, Van, Siirt regions of present-day southeastern Turkey and the Urmia region of northwestern Iran. They were forcibly relocated and massacred by Ottoman (Turkish) and Kurdish forces between 1914 and 1920 under the regime of the Young Turks. Under leadership of Djevdet Bey, ottoman governor, at least 55 000 Assyrian Christians were martyred. He is considered responsible for the massacres of Armenians and Assyrians in and around Van 
Scholars have placed the number of Assyrian victims from 300,000 to 750,000.

The Assyrian genocide took place in the same context and time-period as the Armenian and Greek genocides. But unlike these, no official national or international recognition of the Assyrian genocide has been made, and many accounts discuss the Assyrian genocide as a part of the larger events subsumed under the Armenian genocide.

Democratic Republic of Georgia

The Democratic Republic of Georgia (DRG; Georgian: საქართველოს დემოკრატიული რესპუბლიკა, "Sakartvelos Demokratiuli Respublika"), 1918–1921, was the first modern establishment of a Republic of Georgia.

Georgia's capital was Tbilisi, and its state language was Georgian. Created on May 26, 1918, on the break-up of the Transcaucasian Federation, it was led by the Social Democratic Menshevik party. Facing permanent internal and external problems, the young state was not able to withstand the invasion by the Russian SFSR Red Armies. It collapsed between February and March 1921 to become a Soviet republic.

Alternative rock

Alternative rock is a type of rock music that started between 1979-1981 and popular by the early 1990s rock is made up of various subgenres that have come out of the indie music scene since the 1980s, such as grunge, indie rock, Britpop, gothic rock, and indie pop. 

These genres are sorted by their collective types of punk, which laid the groundwork for alternative music in the 1970s. 

Examples of alternative rock bands include R.E.M., Nirvana, Radiohead, Oasis, Coldplay, and Imagine Dragons.

Anne Sullivan

Anne Sullivan (April 14, 1866 – October 20, 1936) was a teacher best known as the tutor of Helen Keller. Anne Sullivan married John Macy in 1905. Her health started getting worse in 1914, and she died on October 20, 1936 holding hands with Helen Keller.

Anne Sullivan was born in Feeding Hills, Hampden County, Massachusetts. Her parents, Thomas Sullivan and Alice Clohessy, were poor Irish farmers who left Ireland in 1847 because of the Irish Potato Famine. Sullivan taught Helen Keller sign language. Anne and Helen lived together in Forest Hills, Queens, New York and Anne died there on October 20, 1936. Anne was Helen's favorite teacher. Helen wrote the book 'Teacher' about Anne. 

Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra

The Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra is an orchestra based in Belgrade, Serbia. It was founded in 1923. Its founder was Stevan Hristić, one of the most important Serbian composers and conductors. The first concert of the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra took place on April 28, 1923 with Hristić conducting.

The orchestra was the best orchestra in Yugoslavia. By the 1960s it had become one of the best orchestras in Europe. Then, during the 1990s there were wars in the areas which made up Yugoslavia. For a time the orchestra were not allowed to play abroad. It was a difficult time for them, and many players left.

In 2000, with Belgrade now the capital city of Serbia, the orchestra was built up again. Many new players from other countries joined the orchestra, most of them were young. Their concert hall was rebuilt. They have worked with famous people such as Zubin Mehta, Sarah Chang and Nigel Kennedy.

However, the orchestra are facing difficult times again. They need more money. In 2009 they advertised in the city's newspapers that they were available to play at weddings, funerals, baptisms, divorces and saints' days. Some people thought the advertisement was not the right thing for the orchestra to do, but it has attracted support from many young people.

Futrono

Futrono is one of the 12 municipalities in the province of Valdivia, in the region of Los Lagos of Chile. It is located on the north side of the Ranco lake, but the town of Futrono is not on the shore.

This place was a territory of mapuches indigenous. They called this town, "Futronohue". Then, it becomes a port used to transport things to Puerto Nuevo, and after that to La Unión. In 1941, the municipality was created and that made it grow in population.

Now, Futrono has much more activity, for example; agriculture, tourism and high quality furniture companies.

Tigranes the Great

Tigranes II, more commonly known as Tigranes the Great (Armenian: Տիգրան Մեծ, "Tigran Mets"; Ancient Greek: Τιγράνης ὁ Μέγας "Tigránes ho Mégas"; Latin: "Tigranes Magnus") was an Armenian king, from between 95 and 55 BCE. Tigranes's period, Kingdom of Armenia became, for a short time, most strongest and super power state to Rome's east. He was a member of the Artaxiad dynasty.

Tigranes was born around 140 BCE and was the son or nephew of Artavasdes I or Tigranes I.

Tigranes the Great represented the Artaxiad Royal House.

He was involved in many battles during his reign. He had battles against the Parthian, Seleucid, and Roman empires.



George Canning

George Canning PC, FRS (11 April 1770 – 8 August 1827) was a British statesman and politician who was Foreign Secretary and, briefly, Prime Minister.

Stratford Canning was a Whig and would introduce his nephew in the 1780s to prominent Whigs such as Charles James Fox, Edmund Burke, and Richard Brinsley Sheridan. George Canning's friendship with Sheridan would last for the remainder of Sheridan's life.

Chester city walls

The Chester city walls are big intact defensive walls around an important English city of Chester. The city has been defended with walls since the foundation of the Deva Victrix fort on the site in 79.

The first walls were built to help the Roman fort in 79, although these were replaced by stronger stone walls between the 1st and 3rd century. The walls enclosed a far smaller area than the modern walls, with the south-western corner much farther from the River Dee.

Physicalism

Physicalism is the view that everything in the universe is made out of physical matter. Physicalism does not believe in gods, spirits, or other things that are not made of physical material. A person who believes in physicalism is a materialist.

Herd

A herd is a large group of animals. The term is used for mammals, particularly hoofed animals. Herding is a good example of collective animal behavior. Other terms are used for similar types of behavior in other types of animal. For example, a large group of birds is usually called a "flock" (this may also refer to certain mammals as well) and a large group of carnivores is usually called a "pack". 

In addition, special collective nouns may be used for particular cases: for example a flock of geese, if not in flight, is sometimes called a gaggle. However, in theoretical discussions in behavioural ecology, the term "herd" is used for all these kinds of assemblage. A herd may also refer to one that tends and cares for such groups (e.i. shepherds tend to sheep, and goatherds tend to goats, etc.).

When an association of animals (or, by extension, people) is described as a "herd", that means that the group tends to act together (for example, all moving in the same direction at a given time), but that this does not occur as a result of planning or co-ordination. Rather, each individual is choosing behaviour that corresponds to that of the majority of other members, possibly through imitation or possibly because all are responding to the same external circumstances. A herd can be contrasted with a co-ordinated group where individuals have distinct roles. Many human groupings, such as an army detachments or sports teams, show such co-ordination and differentiation of roles, but so do some animal groupings such as those of eusocial insects, which are co-ordinated through pheromones and other forms of animal communication. Conversely, some human groupings may behave more like herds.


Ungulate

Ungulates (meaning roughly "hoofed animal") are several groups of mammals. Most of them use the tips of their toes, usually as hooves, to support their body weight while moving. 

As a descriptive term, "ungulate" normally excludes cetaceans (whales, dolphins, porpoises), because they do not have most of the typical morphological characteristics of ungulates. However, recent discoveries show that the Cetacea were descended from early artiodactyls. 

Ungulates are typically herbivorous and many use specialised gut flora to digest cellulose. Some modern species, such as pigs, are omnivorous. Some prehistoric species, such as the Mesonychia, were carnivorous.

Ungulates include odd-toed ungulates such as horses, rhinoceroses and tapirs, and even-toed ungulates such as cattle, pigs, giraffes, camels, sheep, deer, and hippopotamuses. Cetaceans are also even-toed ungulates although they do not have hooves. 


Herd (disambiguation)

A herd is a large group of animals. Herd may also refer to:

In zoology:


In sports:


In psychology:


In music:


In other fields:


Aylesbury

Aylesbury is the county town of Buckinghamshire in south central England. It had a population in 2001 of 65,173. Aylesbury is near London. Aylesbury was a major market town in Anglo-Saxon times. Aylesbury replaced Buckingham as the county town of Buckinghamshire in 1529 by order of King Henry VIII.

It is home to the Roald Dahl Children's Gallery and, since 2010, the 1,200 seat Waterside Theatre. 

It is a popular London commuter town, thanks to its easy access to the A41, directly leading to the M25.

Augusta, Georgia

Augusta is a city in the state of Georgia. As of 2020, the population was 202,081. In 1996, the governments of the City of Augusta and Richmond County combined to form the "Augusta-Richmond County". The consolidated city-county is today simply known as "Augusta, Georgia". The area that makes up the city of Augusta includes almost all of Richmond County, except for the towns of Hephzibah and Blythe. These towns have their own governments separate from that of Augusta.

Augusta is on the Georgia/South Carolina border. It is about 150 miles east of Atlanta. It is the second largest city and second largest metropolitan area in the state. Augusta is the birthplace of the Southern Baptist denomination. It is also the location of Springfield Baptist Church, the oldest African-American Baptist church in the United States. The city is famous for its golf course, the Augusta National Golf Club which is home to the first major golf tournament of each year, The Masters.

The city was named for Augusta, Princess of Wales, daughter-in-law of King George II of Great Britain and mother of King George III of Great Britain. It was the second state capital of Georgia from 1785 until 1795

Augusta's official nickname is "The Garden City". It is also known as "Masters City", because of the Masters golf tournament.


Landsberg Prison

The Landsberg Prison was built around 1910 on the town's western edge. Its most noted prisoner was Adolf Hitler. Hitler was there in 1924 after being found guilty of treason for his part in the Beer Hall Putsch. It was during his time at Landsberg that Hitler wrote his book "Mein Kampf" ("My Struggle") with help from Rudolf Hess. During the occupation of Germany by the Allies after World War II, the US Army named the prison as "War Criminal Prison No. 1". They held many Nazi war criminals there. Executions of war criminals were also done at Landsberg. The last of these executions happened on June 8, 1951. These were the last executions in the Federal Republic of Germany, then commonly known as West Germany.



Melun

Melun is a city in France. It is the capital of the Seine-et-Marne department, in the Île-de-France region of France. The city is about 40 kilometres southeast of Paris, in a bend of the river Seine. Between Brie and Gâtinais. It is between 37 metres and 102 metres of above the sea. At the last count in 1999, 37.500 people lived there.

The city is home to the production of the Brie de Melun, a saltier variant of the Brie de Meaux. A school for police officers has been in the city since 1945. Other than that there are pharmaceuitical and aviation industries and a prison complex in the city.

The first historical mention of the city is in 52BC, as "Melodunum". The modern name of the city comes from the name it had in the 6th century, "Meluneum". Clovis I makes a duchy out of the city. He also has fortifications built. The city gains new importance. The city is also prone to raids of the vikings, most notably those in 852 and 866.

When the département Seine-et-Marne was formed on the 4th March 1790, Melun became its capital.

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation academy) is in Melun.


Midi-Pyrénées

Midi-Pyrénées ( or "Mieidia-Pirenèus") is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Occitanie. It is part of the historical region of Occitania.

The name of the region is not based on any old name, like in most other regions, but on the geography of the region, Midi (meaning "southern France") - Pyrénées (Pyrenees mountains that are the highest mountains in the region). The French adjective and name of the people living in the region is "Midi-Pyrénéen".

The departments in the region were Ariège, Aveyron, Haute-Garonne, Gers, Lot, Hautes-Pyrénées, Tarn, and Tarn-et-Garonne. Its capital was Toulouse.

The Midi-Pyrénées region is the largest region of Metropolitan France. It had an area of . It bordered to the south with Spain and Andorra. It also bordered four French regions: Aquitaine to the west, Limousin to the north, Auvergne to the northeast and Languedoc-Roussillon to the east.

The region can be divided into three landscape zones:

The Pic Vignemale (), at , is the highest point of the Midi-Pyrénées region; it is on the border with Spain. The Vignemale is in the Pyrénées National Park.

The main rivers of the region are the Garonne river, that flows through the Haute-Garonne, Hautes-Pyrénées and Tarn-et-Garonne departments; and the Adour river, that flows through the Hautes-Pyrénées and Gers departments.

The Midi-Pyrénées region was formed by eight departments:

In 2012, The Midi-Pyrénées region had a population of 2,926,592. Its population density was inhabitants/km.
The 10 most important cities in the region were:


Alsace

Alsace (Alsatian and Alemannic German: "Elsàss", pre-1996 German: "Elsaß") was an administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Grand Est. Alsace was on the eastern border of France. It was on the west bank of the Upper Rhine, next to Germany and Switzerland. 

The departments in Alsace were Bas-Rhin and Haut-Rhin.

Before the region merged with Champagne-Ardenne and Lorraine in 2014, data from INSEE stated that about 1.8 million people lived there as of 2013. Its capital was Strasbourg, the largest city. It changed hands between France and Germany many times. The people living there had an attitude and set of social values that was closer to the German ones, than the French. Language, cuisine, music, dress and customs were Germanic, and very close to the Swabian ones across the Rhine. The overall culture was generally more German than French, being somewhere between German and French. 

Alsace was part of the Holy Roman Empire and was still inhabited by people speaking a dialect of Upper German. In the 17th century, all of Alsace was annexed (in steps) under King Louis XIV of France. He made it one of the provinces of France. 

The Treaty of Verdun had divided the empire of Charlemagne in the 9th century, eventually causing Alsace to be frequently mentioned in conjunction with Lorraine, because the possession of these two "régions" (as "Alsace-Lorraine") was often contested in the 19th and 20th centuries. 

Lorraine

Lorraine () is a former administrative region in the northeast of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Grand Est. In 2012, the population was 2,356,600.

Lorraine's capital was Metz.

The most important population centres were Nancy and Metz, with about 300,000 people each, followed by Thionville, with about 130,000. Other important cities were Epinal and Bar-le-Duc.

The departments in the region were Meurthe-et-Moselle, Meuse, Moselle, and Vosges.

Regions of France

France is split into 18 administrative regions ("regions"). These regions are a kind of local government.

Thirteen regions are in Metropolitan France (the part of the country that is in Europe). Each region contains a few of the Departments of France. Corsica has a different status than the other 12 metropolitan regions. It is called "collectivist territorial". Five regions are overseas.

There used to be 27 regions. In 2016, some regions were combined and there are now 18. 

Auvergne

Auvergne () is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is in the Massif Central in south-central France. The inhabitants of the region are known as "Auvergnats".

The four departments in Auvergne were Allier, Cantal, Haute-Loire, and Puy-de-Dôme. Its capital was Clermont-Ferrand.

The region of Auvergne was named after the Arverni, one of the most powerful Gallic tribes.

The administrative region of Auvergne was formed with the territory of the old province of Auvergne, most of the territory of the Bourbonnais and small parts of Languedoc and Lyonnais.

During World War II, Vichy (a city in the department of Allier) was the headquarters of the government of the French State.

The Auvergne region has an area of , 4.8% of France's total surface area. It was surrounded by six other former regions: Burgundy to the northeast, Rhône-Alpes to the east and to the southeast, Languedoc-Roussillon to the south, Midi-Pyrénées to the southwest, Limousin to the west and Centre-Val de Loire to the northwest.

The landscape of the region varies greatly, with valleys, mountain, meadows and forests. Much of the regions is in the Massif Central, a high region in south-central France with mountains and plateaus.

There are many dormant volcanoes (volcanoes that are not active) in Auvergne, mainly in the "Monts Dore" and in the "Chaîne des Puys". The highest point in Auvergne is the Puy de Sancy (), at high.
The northern part of the region (in the Allier department) is a land of small hills cut in two parts by a plain, the valley of the Allier river.

Auvergne has about 50 freshwater ponds and lakes. Some are high in the mountains and have volcanic origins. The "Guéry Lake" is, at high in the Puy-de-Dôme department, the highest lake in Auvergne.

The main rivers of the region are the:

The Auvergne region was formed by four departments:

The Auvergne region had a population, in 2012, of 1,354,104, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The ten main cities in the department are:
The region is predominantly agricultural. Cattle are common and are used both for meat (beef) and for milk, which is made into a number of well-known cheeses such as Bleu d'Auvergne, Cantal, Fourme d'Ambert and Saint-Nectaire.
The main industry in Auvergne is the tyre industry, represented by "Michelin", with headquarters and history in Clermont-Ferrand, and "Dunlop" in Montluçon.


Lower Normandy

Lower Normandy (called "Basse-Normandie" in French) is a former administrative Regions of France. It is now part of the region of Normandy. The capital city was Caen. In 2007 about 1.4 million people lived there.

Lower Normandy became a region in 1956. The old region of Normandy was split into Lower Normandy and Upper Normandy. The departments in the region were Calvados, Manche, and Orne.

The economy is centered on agriculture. Cider is made there and livestock is farmed. There is a bit of textile industry as well. It was the first region of France when it comes to producing butter, cheese and horses. The west part of the region is used mainly for farming, because of the prairies. Camembert, Pont-l'évêque and Livarot cheeses come from this region.

Centre-Val de Loire

Centre-Val de Loire is one of the administrative regions of France. Its capital is Orléans but its largest city is Tours.

It was formed in 2014 from the territories of three historical provinces: Touraine (Indre-et-Loire), Orléanais (Loiret, Eure-et-Loir, Loir-et-Cher), and Berry (Cher, Indre).

The Centre-Val de Loire region is the seventh largest region of France with an area of . It is in north central France and borders with 6 regions: Normandy to the northwest, Île-de-France to the north, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté to the east, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes to the southeast, Nouvelle-Aquitaine to the south and Pays de la Loire to the west.

The distances from Orléans, the capital of the region, to other cities are:


The Centre-Val de Loire is crossed by the longest French river: the Loire, . Some other rivers that flow through the region are:

The territory of the Centre-Val de Loire region is formed mostly by large plains and low plateaus.

The "Le Magnoux" (), at , is the highest point of the Centre-Val region. It is in northwestern Massif Central, in the southern end of the Cher department.

The highest point of the different departments in the Centre-Val de Loire region are:
The Centre-Val de Loire region is formed by 6 departments:

"Arr." = Arrondissements          "Cant." = Cantons          "Comm." = Communes
, the Centre-Val de Loire region had a population of 2,577,435, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The main cities with more than 20,000 inhabitants (2014) in the region are:



Champagne-Ardenne

Champagne-Ardenne is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Grand Est. Its capital was Chalons-en-Champagne. Another very important city in the region is Reims.

The departments in Champagne-Ardenne were Ardennes, Aube, Marne, and Haute-Marne.

The region is heavily centered on farming. It was the first region of France in the production of barley and alfalfa. Many cereals are also grown here. It is also very important for vegetables and wine. It is nearest to the east border. Sparkling wine is officially allowed to be called champagne if it is from here.

Upper Normandy

Upper Normandy (called "Haute-Normandie" in French) is a former region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Normandy. The capital was Rouen, which is now the capital of Normandy. In 2007 about 1.9 million people lived in the region.

Upper Normandy was formed as a region in 1956. The old region of Normandy was split into the current Upper Normandy and Lower Normandy. The departments in the region were Seine-Maritime and Eure.

The region was the first producer of flax in France. It is also quite industrialized, specialising in petrochemical and pharmaceutical, as well as manufacturing industries.

Limousin

Limousin is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. Its capital was Limoges. With 42 people per square kilometer, this was one of the least populated regions. About 710,000 people lived on roughly .

The departments in the region were Corrèze, Creuse, and Haute-Vienne.

The local economy had been recentered around services. 

Languedoc-Roussillon

Languedoc-Roussillon (; ) is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Occitanie. It is the southernmost region of mainland France and borders to the south with Spain and Andorra.

The five departments in the region were Aude, Gard, Hérault, Lozère, and Pyrénées-Orientales.

Its capital was Montpellier, the largest city. In French, the name of the inhabitants of the region is "Languedocien-Roussillonnais".

The name of the province of Languedoc originates from the language spoken in southern France, "langue d'oc," also known as "Occitan", and Roussillon, an area in the South of present-day Languedoc-Roussillon.

The Languedoc-Roussillon region has an area of . It bordered to the south with Spain and Andorra; to the east is the Mediterranean Sea (the "Gulf of Lion"). It also bordered four French regions: Midi-Pyrénées to the west, Auvergne and Rhône-Alpes to the north, and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (PACA) to the northeast.

The highest point in Languedoc-Roussillon is Pic Carlit () in the Pyrénées-Orientales department; it is high.

The Languedoc-Roussillon region is formed by five departments:

The Languedoc-Roussillon region has a population, in 2012, of 2,700,266, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The 10 most important cities in the region are:


Poitou-Charentes

Poitou-Charentes is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It was in the west, bordering the Atlantic. Its capital was Poitiers. In 2007 about 1.7 million people lived in the region.

The departments in the region were Charente, Charente-Maritime, Deux-Sèvres and Vienne.

The region is well known for making wines. It is better known for its spirits, such as Cognac and Pineau. There is also some tourism and a little agriculture.


Nord-Pas-de-Calais

Nord-Pas-de-Calais (sometimes also Nord-Pas de Calais) used to be an administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Hauts-de-France. Its prefecture was Lille. In 2012, four million people lived there (365,000 in the urban area of Lille).

The two departments in the region were Nord and Pas-de-Calais.

The local economy was based on carbon, steel and textiles. The secondary sector (industry) employed 33.8% (of an 28.9% national average). Unemployment was at 12.9 per cent (9.8% national average). Structural investment in the TGV and the Channel Tunnel has shown some improvement though. The tourism industry does well thanks to the border with Belgium and closeness to England.

Picardy

Picardy () used to be an administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Hauts-de-France. It is in the north of the country. Amiens was its capital. In 2007 almost 1.9 million people lived in the region, 186,000 of them in the capital.

The departments in the region were Aisne, Oise, and Somme.

Agriculture is very important for Picardy. There are many products, including potatoes, cereals, and vegetables. Picardy was also called "Jardin de France", meaning 'Garden of France'.

Pays de la Loire

Pays de la Loire (or Pays-de-la-Loire) is an administrative region of France. Its capital is Nantes. In 2018, about 3.8 million people lived in the region. There are seven big centers, with more than 100.000 people in the respective urban area: Nantes, Angers, Le Mans, La Roche-sur-Yon, Cholet, Saint-Nazaire and Laval. 

The departments in the region are:

The economy is centered around the production of food, and agriculture in general. It is the third in France in that sector. 51% of meat products, 19% of milk, and 67% of the natural produce of grain (cereals) are produced there. 

Some people in the region also speak other local languages. These are 


Breton is a Celtic language, the others are Romance languages.

Rhône-Alpes

Rhône-Alpes is a former administrative region of France. It is now part of the administrative region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. In 2010, about six million people lived in the region.

The capital was Lyon. Grenoble and Saint-Étienne are also important cities in the region.

The departments in the region were:

The Rhône-Alpes region hosted the Winter Olympics three times; in 1924 at Chamonix, 1968 at Grenoble, and 1992 at Albertville.

Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur

Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur or PACA (, Italian: "Provenza-Alpi-Costa Azzurra") is one of the 18 administrative regions of France. Its capital is Marseille.

The Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region is the tenth largest region of France with an area of . It is in southeastern France and borders to the east with Monaco and Italy (with the Italian regions of Liguria and Piedmont). To the north is the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region and to the west is the Occitanie region.

To the south, the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur has about of coast along the Mediterranean Sea.

The distances from Marseille, the capital of the region, to other cities are:


The only main drainage basin in the region is the Mediterranean basin; some of the rivers in region are:
The Barre des Écrins, at , is the highest mountain of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It is in the Écrins National Park (), one of the ten French national parks.

The highest point of the different departments in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region are:
The Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region is formed by 6 departments:

"Arr." = Arrondissements          "Cant." = Cantons          "Comm." = Communes
The Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region had, in 2014, a population of 4,983,438, with a population density of inhabitants/km.
The main cities with more than 30,000 inhabitants (2014) in the region are:



Île-de-France

Île-de-France is a region of France. The capital city is Paris. It is also the capital city of France. In 2013 about 12 million people lived in the region. About 2.1 million people live in the city of Paris.

There are 8 departments in the region. They are:

Pont-l'évêque cheese

Pont-l'évêque is a soft cheese from Normandy. It is produced in the village with the same name. It has had an AOC since 1976, which means it can only be made in Pont-l'Évêque, Calvados. It is made from the milk of cows. 

Livarot cheese

Livarot is a cheese from Normandy. It is produced in the village with the same name. It is a soft cheese made from the milk of cows.

Ajaccio

Ajaccio (Latin: "Ajax"; French: "Ajaccio"; Corsican: "Aiacciu"), pronounced "ah-YAH-cho", is a town in France. It is the capital of the "territorial collectivity" of Corsica and the prefecture of the department of Corse-du-Sud.

Ajaccio is on the west coast of the island of Corsica in a sheltered position at the foot of wooded hills on the northern shore of the Gulf of Ajaccio. The harbour is to the east of the town and is protected on the south by a peninsula. Ajaccio has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification).
Ajaccio was the birthplace of:


Prefectures in France

A prefecture in France can refer to :

Spectrum

"This article is about the visible spectrum. For all other uses see: Spectrum (disambiguation)"

A spectrum, plural: spectra, is a band of several colours: violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange and red. A spectrum can be seen if the Sun's light is passed through a prism and allowed to gather on a white screen. This visible spectrum is part of the larger electromagnetic spectrum. Spectroscopy is the study of spectra.

A natural example of a spectrum is a rainbow. The word "spectrum" was first used by scientists studying optics. They used the word to describe the rainbow of colors in visible light when separated using a prism. The spectrum seen when light passes through a prism is an example of the dispersion of light. The material from which the prism is made has a different refractive index "n" than air. Usually, "n" is greater than "n", and "n" is taken to be approximately one. This implies that light travels a little slower in the material of the prism than in the space surrounding it. The angle of refraction can be determined from the angle of incidence and the refractive indexes using Snell's law. 

The reason why the white light separates into in its component colors instead of remaining white is because the shorter wavelengths are refracted, or bent, more than the longer wavelengths. Thus, red, having the longest visible wavelength, will appear closest to the line perpendicular to the surface of the material (the normal), that is, it will be bent the least. Violet light, with the smallest wavelength in the visible spectrum, will be bent the most. The rainbow produced will always be in the same order: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet.


Arshak II

Arshak II (or Arsaces II) (350-367) was the son of Diran. During his reign, Shapur II of Persia tried to take over Armenia once and for all. Arshak II was taken prisoner during talks about peace with Shapur and later killed himself in prison.

Despite having many troubles during his reign, Arshak II was able to change many parts of his kingdom for the better. They included:


Tiridates III of Armenia

Tiridates III (or Trdat III) was the king of Armenia (286-330), and was also known as Tiridates the Great. (Some scholars may be wrong because they call him as Trdat IV as a result of the fact that Tiridates I of Armenia reigned twice.) In 301, Tiridates made Christianity as the sole religion in Armenia, making Armenia the first Christian state in the world.


Tiridates

Tiridates was the name of three members of the Arsacid Dynasty of Parthia:

Tiridates (Trdat in Armenian) was the name of three kings of the Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia:

Other


Aotearoa

Aotearoa is the current Māori language name for New Zealand. It has replaced previous translations such as "Niu Tirani" (which was used in the Treaty of Waitangi) and "Niu Tireni" (which was used in the Whakaputanga Declaration of Independence). It translates to "the land of the long white cloud" or "one long white cloud".

Hagia Sophia

Hagia Sophia (Greek: Ἁγία Σοφία, meaning the Holy Wisdom) is a mosque in the eastern Bosporus of Istanbul, Turkey. It was originally a Byzantine Eastern Orthodox cathedral and was turned into a mosque after the conquest of Constantinople by the Ottoman Empire.
The walls and floor of the building are from the Late Antiquity and the decorations, including mosaics and frescoes, are mostly from the Middle Ages.

Hagia Sophia was the third church built in this location. It was built between 532 and 537 as the cathedral of Constantinople, the capital city of the Eastern Roman Empire during Late Antiquity. Byzantine emperor Justinian the Great ordered the construction. The architects were Anthemius of Tralles and Isidore of Miletus. Greek historian Procopius wrote about Hagia Sophia's construction. The building's roof (a large dome) fell and had been rebuilt many times. An earthquake in 994 damaged the cathedral, it was rebuilt by Trdat the Architect.

Hagia Sophia was used as an Eastern Orthodox cathedral until 1453, except during the Latin Empire when it was turned into a Roman Catholic cathedral. 

In 1453, after the Fall of Constantinople, Ottoman Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror turned Hagia Sophia into a mosque.

It became a museum in 1935 after the decision of the secularist Turkish government under Kemal Atatürk in 1934. In July 2020, the Islamist Turkish government under Tayyip Erdoğan ordered the Hagia Sophia to be turned back into a mosque following a supreme court annulment of a 1934 presidential decree that made it a museum.

Incense

Incense is a fuel that is burned to make a smell. It can be used for many purposes, for example, during rituals in some religions. Incense can be used to make a place smell better or to help improve mood.

In Judaism, instructions for the use of incense were given in Exodus. (E.g. Exodus 30:1). In Christianity, Christ is given myrrh and frankincense by the wise men. (Gospel of Matthew 2:11)

Incense is also used in Hindu rituals.


Derbyshire

Derbyshire is a county in the East Midlands of England. A large part of the Peak District National Park lies within Derbyshire. 

The northern part of Derbyshire overlaps with the Pennines, a famous chain of hills and mountains. The county contains part of the National Forest, and borders on Greater Manchester, West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Staffordshire and Cheshire.


Derbyshire can only be understood by its ancient geology. Most of the geology was laid down in a tropical paradise in the equatorial region of the Earth.
Northern Derbyshire is an uplifted dome of rock layers. These layers have been eroded to expose older rocks in the centre of the Derbyshire Dome. They are encircled by younger limestone rocks. They give way on three sides to Upper Carboniferous shales, gritstones and sandstones of Namurian age (331 to 315 mya).

South of Buxton much of the land is difficult to walk on, and roads are narrow and winding. This area was once a tropical paradise with scattered calcium carbonate reefs. This coarse sandstone was much used for gritstone grinding wheels for use in mills.

West Yorkshire

West Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England. It was created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 and in 2005 covered an area of 2,029 km² and a population of 2.1 million. It is the most built up and biggest urban area in Yorkshire.

West Yorkshire is divided into five local government districts; they are the City of Bradford, Calderdale, Kirklees, the City of Leeds and the City of Wakefield. The county borders Lancashire, Greater Manchester, Derbyshire, North Yorkshire and South Yorkshire.

This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of West Yorkshire at current basic prices published (pp.240-253) by "Office for National Statistics" with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling.





South Yorkshire

South Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, in the north. The county was created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 and in 2001 covered an area of 155,205 hectares.

South Yorkshire is divided into four local government districts; they are the City of Sheffield, the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley and the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham. The county borders Derbyshire, West Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, East Riding of Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire.

The main settlements of South Yorkshire developed around the industries of mining and steel manufacturing. The main mining industry was coal which was concentrated to the north and east of the county. There were also iron mines in the area. The rivers running off the Pennines to the west of the county supported the steel industry that is concentrated in the city of Sheffield.

South Yorkshire was created as a metropolitan county in 1974, by the Local Government Act 1972, from the southern part of the West Riding of Yorkshire and the former county boroughs of Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham and Sheffield.

South Yorkshire is one of the least prosperous areas in Western Europe.
The principal settlements of South Yorkshire are:

South Yorkshire is made up of three main urban areas. Dearne Valley is made up of Barnsley and a number of villages and towns. The Sheffield urban area is made up of Sheffield and Rotherham and the Doncaster urban area is Doncaster and surrounding areas.

[bolton on Dearne] |barnsley |


Salad

A salad is a serving in a meal that includes leaf vegetables such as lettuce, spinach, or arugula. Uncooked or cold cooked vegetables that are sliced into small pieces (for example tomato or onion) are then mixed with the leaf vegetables. Some salads use cheese like Greek salad uses Feta.

A salad dressing or vinaigrette is then poured on top of the vegetables. Salad dressings and vinaigrettes are a mixture of oil, herbs, spices, and flavorings. 

Some people also add other foods to the salad, such as croutons, bacon, chicken, grated cheese, tuna, pasta, olives, cooked potatoes, rice, or beans.

A green salad or garden salad has leafy vegetables such as lettuce, spinach, or rocket (arugula). The salad leaves may be cut or torn into bite-sized fragments and tossed together (a "tossed salad"). They may also have nuts or croutons.

A wedge salad is made from a head of lettuce (such as iceberg) halved or quartered, with other ingredients on top.

Vegetables other than greens may be used in a salad. Common raw vegetables used in a salad include cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, onions, carrots, celery, and radishes. Other ingredients include mushrooms, avocado, olives, hard boiled egg, artichoke hearts, heart of palm, green beans, cheeses.

Fruit salads are made of fruit, and include the fruit cocktail that can be made fresh or from canned fruit.

Dessert salads rarely include leafy greens and are often sweet. Common variants are made with gelatin or whipped cream; e.g. jello salad, pistachio salad, and ambrosia. Other forms of dessert salads include snickers salad, glorified rice, and cookie salad popular in parts of the Midwestern United States.

A composed salad is a salad arranged on a plate rather than put into a bowl. It can be used as a meal in itself rather than as a part of a meal.

A green salad is often served with a salad dressing. Some examples include:

The purpose of salad dressing depends across cultures. There are many often used salad dressings in North America. Traditional dressings in southern Europe are vinaigrettes, while mayonnaise is predominant in eastern European countries and Russia. In Denmark dressings are often based on crème fraîche. In China, where Western salad is a recent adoption from Western cuisine, the term salad dressing (沙拉酱, "shalajiang") means to mayonnaise or mayonnaise-based dressings.

There are many vegetables and other fare that are often added to salads. Some of them include: 


Again, individual taste usually governs the choice of salad garnishes.


Nottinghamshire

Nottinghamshire (abbreviated Notts) is a county in the East Midlands of England. It borders South Yorkshire, North Lincolnshire, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and Derbyshire. The county town is traditionally Nottingham, at , though the council is now based in West Bridgford (at a site facing Nottingham over the River Trent).

The districts of Nottinghamshire are Ashfield, Bassetlaw, Broxtowe, Gedling, Mansfield, Newark and Sherwood, and Rushcliffe. The City of Nottingham was administratively part of Nottinghamshire between 1974 and 1998 but is now a unitary authority, although it remains part of the county.
Nottinghamshire contains the ancestral home of the poet Lord Byron, Newstead Abbey, which he sold in 1818. It is now owned by Nottingham City Council and open to the public.

The traditional county town, and the largest settlement in the historic and ceremonial county boundaries, is Nottingham. The city is now administratively independent, but suburbs including Arnold, Carlton, West Bridgford, Beeston and Stapleford are still within the administrative county and West Bridgford is now home of the county council.



Pennines

The Pennines are a mountain range in England. Often said to be the "backbone of England", they form an unbroken range stretching from the Peak District in the Midlands, through the Yorkshire Dales, parts of Greater Manchester, the West Pennine Moors of Lancashire and Cumbrian Fells to the Cheviot Hills on the Scottish border. Their total length is about .
The name "Pennines" is believed to come from the Celtic "pennioroches", meaning "hill", although the earliest written reference to the name dates only from the 18th century. 

The mountains are not very tall and are often called hills. The highest is Cross Fell in eastern Cumbria, at . Other main mountain peaks include Mickle Fell , Whernside , Ingleborough , Pen-y-ghent , and Kinder Scout .

The landscape of the Pennines are mostly upland areas of high moorland. 
The Pennines make up the main watershed in northern England, dividing the eastern and western parts of the country. The rivers Eden, Ribble, and Mersey flow west towards the Irish Sea. On the other side of the watershed, the rivers Tyne, Tees, Swale, Calder, Aire, Don, and Trent flow east to the North Sea. 

International Phonetic Alphabet

The International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) is a system for writing down sounds. It was created by the International Phonetic Association in 1886, so that people could write down sounds of languages in a standard way. Linguists, language teachers, and translators use this system to show the pronunciation for words.

Wikipedia also uses the IPA to show how certain words are meant to be spoken. Most symbols are letters in the Latin alphabet, or variations of it. For example, the "palatal approximant" (the "y" in yesterday) is written with []. In IPA symbols can be written between slashes (called a broad transcription, e.g."little" can be written as /lɪtl/ ) or in square brackets (called a narrow transcription, e.g. "little" can be written [lɪɾɫ], which is how specific groups say it). Narrow translation is more precise than broad.

The IPA has symbols only for sounds that are used normally in spoken languages. The Extensions to the International Phonetic Alphabet (or extIPA) are used to write down other sounds.

The IPA is sometimes changed, and symbols are added or taken away. Right now there are 107 different letters in the IPA. There are also 52 marks which are added to letters to change their sound. These marks are called "diacritics".

In 1886, a group of French and British language teachers formed the International Phonetic Association. These teachers used the Romic alphabet at first. They later changed the alphabet so that different languages would all write the same sounds with the same letters.

The IPA is made to have one symbol for every sound. This means that every letter always makes the same one sound. This is different from English. In English, some letters make multiple sounds. For example, the letter <x> in English normally is spoken as two sounds ([ks]), but could also be spoken as [gz] or [z].

The International Phonetic Alphabet has letters for three types of sounds: pulmonic consonants, non-pulmonic consonants, and vowels.

Pulmonic consonants are made by blocking air coming from the lungs. Most consonants (and all English consonants) are pulmonic. The symbols for these sounds are arranged in a table. The rows show how the sound is made (the manner of articulation), and the columns show where it is made (the place of articulation).
Non-pulmonic consonants are made without air coming from the lungs. There are three types of non-pulmonic consonants. Implosive consonants are made by taking air into the mouth. Ejective consonants are made by forcing the air out of the larynx instead of the lungs. Click consonants are made by creating an airtight pocket in the mouth and quickly releasing it.
Vowels are sounds made without blocking air at all.

Lake District

The Lake District, also known as The Lakes or Lakeland, is a rural area in north west England. It is a popular vacation area, famous for its lakes and its mountains and its associations with the early 19th century poetry and writings of William Wordsworth and the Lake Poets.

It is on a tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

Lake District National Park (created in 1951) is one of the fifteen National parks in the United Kingdom.

The Lake District is about 34 miles (55 km) across (north-to-south or west-to-east). It is entirely within Cumbria, and is one of England's few mountainous regions. All the land in England higher than three thousand feet above sea level is in the Park. 
The 25 highest fells (of those given an individual chapter in the "Pictorial Guides" by Alfred Wainwright) are:


Only one lake in the National Park has the word 'Lake' in its name, namely Bassenthwaite Lake. All the others such as Windermere, Coniston Water, Ullswater and Buttermere use other forms, such as 'mere' and 'water'. The major lakes and reservoirs in the park are given below.

The word 'tarn' is a local word used to describe any small lake that may otherwise be called a pond.

A number of words/phrases are local to the Lake District and are part of the Cumbrian dialect. These include:





Khosrov III the Small

Chosroes III The Small (or Khosrov III Godag), was the son of Tiridates III, was a member of the Arshakuni Dynasty and the king of Armenia from 330 – 339 AD. He was a man of short stature, thus his name. He founded the city of Dvin which later became the Armenian capital. 

During his reign, two generals, Vatche Mamikonian and Vahan Amatuni, started a battle, often coming to help the king. During these years, pro-Sassanid and anti-Mamikonian sentiment grew in Armenia and so did anti-Roman sentiment. Pro-Sassanid groups gained popularity so much so that they were successful in assassinating Catholicos St. Aristaces I, son of Gregory the Illuminator. 

Shapur II, Sassanid king of the Persians, invaded Armenia twice and did gain some territory. Vatche Mamikonian was killed in those battles and was later named a saint by the Armenian Apostolic Church for his sacrifice. Chosroes II died in 339 AD. 

Translated from the Armenian: Mihran Kurdoghlian, Badmoutioun Hayots, A. hador [Armenian History, volume I], Athens, Greece, 1994, pg. 107

Isabella, Queen of Armenia

Queen Isabella of Armenia (died c. 1252) ruled the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia 1219–1252. She was the daughter of Leo II of Armenia and Sybilla of Lusignan (daughter of Amalric I of Cyprus). Leo named Isabella as his heir.

She was married twice. Her first husband was Philip, son of Bohemund IV of Antioch, whom she married in 1223. Philip was murdered in 1225.

Her second husband was Hethum (or Hetoum) I, to whom she was married against her will on June 14, 1226. Hethum was co-ruler (or ruler) of Armenia from 1226 to 1270. The couple had six children:


Argishti II of Urartu

Argishti II of Urartu was king of the Urartun empire from 714 to 680 BC. 

Xerxes of Sophene

Xerxes (died c. 212 BC) was the King of Sophene and son of Arsames II. During his domination, Antiochus III the Great invaded his capital Arsamosata. Xerxes recognized Antiochus as his sovereign and received his sister Antiochia as his bride, who later killed him.



Yorkshire and the Humber

Yorkshire and the Humber is one of the regions of England. It covers most of the historic county of Yorkshire, along with the part of northern Lincolnshire that was previously in the administrative area of Humberside (which existed 1974-1996).

The highest point of the region is Whernside, in the Yorkshire Dales, at 737 metres. The largest freshwater lake is Hornsea Mere in the East Riding of Yorkshire.

The population in 2005 was 5,854,357.

The official region consists of the following subdivisions:

Key: shire county = † | metropolitan county = *

It was originally called Yorkshire and Humberside, and defined as North Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire and Humberside. 

