Big Pun

Christopher Rios (November 10, 1971 – February 7, 2000) was an American rapper better known by his stage name Big Pun. Big Pun rose to fame when he met rapper Fat Joe in 1995 and appeared on Fat Joe's album "Jealous Ones Envy". Big Pun has a DVD movie titled "Big Pun: The Legacy". It is about his life and has interviews with many rappers such as Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and DMX talking about Pun's impact on their lives.

Big Pun died on February 7, 2000 in White Plains, New York from a massive heart attack. At the time of his death, he weighed 698 pounds (317 kg). He was Puerto-Rican.

Ángel Sánchez (infielder)

Ángel Luis Sánchez (born September 20, 1983 in Humacao, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican baseball player. He plays Shortstop for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Sánchez has formerly played for the Kansas City Royals from 2006-10, the Boston Red Sox and was then traded by the Red Sox to the Houston Astros for Kevin Cash.


John Scott

John Howard Scott (born September 26, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman/winger. He played for the San Jose Sharks, Minnesota Wild, Chicago Blackhawks, New York Rangers, and Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League.

Scott formerly played for the Minnesota Wild for 2 seasons, the Chicago Blackhawks for 2 seasons and the New York Rangers for 4 games. On July 1, 2012, he signed a one-year deal with the Buffalo Sabres. He was re-signed to a $750,000, one-year contract extension by the Sabres on May 20, 2013. Scott played college hockey with the Michigan Tech Huskies. 

On July 2, 2014, Scott signed one-year, $700,000 contract with the San Jose Sharks.

Kevin Cash

Kevin Forrest Cash (born December 6, 1977 in Tampa, Florida) is an American baseball manager for the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played catcher for the Boston Red Sox, Houston Astros, New York Yankees, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and Toronto Blue Jays.


Armor for Sleep

Armor for Sleep was an American alternative rock band. They formed in 2001 in New Jersey and disbanded in 2009 because of being inactive and not undertaking a tour for over a year. The members of the group were Ben Jorgensen, the singer, who also played the rhythm guitar, PJ DeCicco, who played the guitar, Anthony DiIonno, who played the Bass guitar and Nash Breen, who played the guitar. 




Haralson County, Georgia

Haralson County, Georgia is a county in the state of Georgia. Its county seat is Buchanan. As of 2020, 29,919 people were living in the county.


List of Formula One World Championship points scoring systems

This is a Formula One World Championship scoring system used by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The FIA uses this system to decide the FIA World Drivers' and Constructors' Championships since the season. The Championships are awarded to the driver and constructor (car builder) who score the most points over the course of the season.

From through , a championship point was awarded to the driver (and team starting in ) that set the fastest lap.

In some seasons, not all race results would be counted towards the World Championship. Only a certain number of a driver's best results would count. In this caused a very unusual result. Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna were the drivers for McLaren. They were the best two drivers of that year. There were 16 races that year, but only the best 11 results counted towards the championship. Prost won seven races and finished seven races in second place. He scored a total of 105 points, but only 87 of them counted for the championship. Senna won eight races and finished second in three, giving him 90 points for the championship and 94 for the season. This resulted in the strange event where Prost took a record number of points, yet Senna won the champion. A new system counting all races was introduced in . One additional point was also awarded to the race winner.

The current system was introduced for the season. It was designed to allow more teams and drivers to score points. 

The most dominant Drivers' Champion in terms of points scored is Jim Clark. Clark scored the maximum of 54 points (6 wins) in both 1963 and 1965. In recent years, Michael Schumacher finished on the podium (one of the top three finishers) in every race of the 2002 season. Schumacher scored 144 of a maximum 170 points. The most dominant Constructors' Champion in recent times was McLaren in 1988. McLaren scored 199 of a maximum 240 points available. McLaren finished 134 points ahead of the second place team. In , Ferrari scored 221 points of a maximum 340 points available. Ferrari finished 129 points ahead of the second place team.

Hank Bassen

Henry "Hank, Red" Bassen (December 6, 1932 – May 29, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender that spent most of his NHL career as a back-up goalie playing for the Chicago Black Hawks, Pittsburgh Penguins and Detroit Red Wings.

Bassen had cancer. He died of a heart attack.

Bremen, Georgia

Bremen, Georgia (originally named Kramer, and was later changed to honor Bremen, Germany) is a city in the county of Haralson County in the state of Georgia. It has a population of 7,185, as of 2020.

Bad Lieutenant

Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 American crime drama movie starring Harvey Keitel in the title role as a New York City police detective. The movie is rated NC-17, though an R-rated version of the movie exists. It was directed by Abel Ferrara. Also appearing in the movie are Zoe Lund and Victor Argo.

Mur de la peste

The Mur de la peste or plague wall was built in the Vaucluse Mountains to stop the spread of the plague. Between 1720 and 1722, there was an epidemic in the Provence and in Marseille. The wall is built of dry stone, and was about 27 km long. Today, a part of the wall still stands, near Murs. Along the wall, there were watchtowers for guardposts.

Simply Bird

Simply Bird (), by the Thai recording artist, "Thongchai McIntyre", is his fifteenth studio album. On November 26, 2007, the album was released by GMM Grammy.

Mostly songs in this album are smooth, some speed. Further various such as R&B, hip hop, pop/rock


Melaleuca leucadendra

Melaleuca leucadendra is a tree known as the weeping paperbark. It belongs to the "Melaleuca" genus. It is found in the northern parts of Australia (Western Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland). It is also found further north in the Solomon Islands and in New Guinea. 

"Melaleuca leucadendra" is similar to the broad-leaf paperbark ("Melaleuca quinquenervia"), which has a thick spongy bark. However, "M. leucadendra" has brighter green
foliage a slightly weeping habit.

"Melaleuca leucadendra" also has the common name 'Cajuput tree', from the Malay word "kayu putih" – meaning "white wood". Cajuput oil can be got from its leaves.

Royal Rumble (2010)

Royal Rumble (2010) was the twenty-third annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on January 31, 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. As always, the Royal Rumble match winner got a match at that years WrestleMania, (in this instance: WrestleMania XXVI) for his choice at either the WWE Championship, the World Heavyweight Championship and the ECW World Championship.

Six professional wrestling matches were on the event's supercard, a scheduling of more than one main event. The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. Edge, the twenty-ninth person to enter, won the match by last eliminating John Cena, the nineteenth person to enter. The main match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between champion Sheamus and Randy Orton, which Sheamus won by disqualification. The main match on the SmackDown brand was between The Undertaker and Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship, which The Undertaker won. The main match on the ECW brand was for the ECW Championship between Christian and Ezekiel Jackson, which Christian won.

Red ██ and "Raw" indicates a Raw superstar, blue ██ and "SD" indicates a SmackDown superstar, and purple ██ and "ECW" indicates an ECW superstar.

Silverstone Circuit

Silverstone Circuit is an English motor racing circuit next to the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury. Nearly half of the circuit is across the Northamptonshire boundary in Buckinghamshire. The closest large towns are Northampton and Milton Keynes. It is best known as the home of the British Grand Prix, which it first hosted in 1948 and which has been held on the circuit every year since 1987. The circuit is also home to the BRDC International Trophy, awarded to the winner of a race for historic F1 cars at the annual Silverstone Classic meeting.

Silverstone Circuit is built on the site of RAF Silverstone, a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station. RAF Silverstone opened in 1943.

Silverstone was first used for racing by a group of friends who set up their own race in September 1947. Maurice Geoghegan, lived in Silverstone village and was knew that the airfield was deserted. He and eleven other drivers raced over a two-mile circuit. Geoghegan's car ran over a sheep and killed it. The car was beyond repair. This informal race became known as the "Mutton Grand Prix".

The next year the Royal Automobile Club leased the airfield and set-up a more formal racing circuit. Their first two races were held on the runways, with long straights and tight hairpin corners. For 1948, it was decided to switch to the perimeter track. This arrangement was used for the and British Grands Prix. Several small changes were made in the track before the track underwent a major redesign after the race.

Following the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix, many Grand Prix circuits were modified in order to reduce speed and increase driver safety. The entry from Hangar Straight into Stowe Corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous and less challenging. The high speed Abbey kink was changed to a chicane in just 19 days before the Grand Prix.

Silverstone has suffered with bad traffic delays on race days. The traffic problem was improved when the A43 Silverstone bypass was built. When the race date was moved to April in 2000] heavy rain turned the fields used for parking into mud pits, causing severe problems for the spectators trying to park. On F1 race day many spectators travel to the circuit by helicopter. Silverstone Heliport is the busiest airport in the UK for this day.

Silverstone is the current home of the British Grand Prix, which it first hosted in 1948. The British Grand Prix at Silverstone was the first race in the newly created Formula One World Championship. The race rotated between Silverstone, Aintree and Brands Hatch from 1955 to 1986. In 1987 the rotation stopped and the race stayed at Silverstone.

In 2004, Silverstone was in danger of losing the Grand Prix. There was even the possibility that the British Grand Prix would not be run in 2005. In December an agreement was reached with Formula One Silverstone would host the British Grand Prix until 2009. Starting in 2010 Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix. Then the Donington Park leaseholders ran into economic problems. A new deal with Formula One resulted in a 17-year deal to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone.

The Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship withdrew the track from its calendar in 2007. Strong demand brought the series back to Silverstone for the 2008 BTCC calendar. Silverstone also hosts rounds of the FIA GT, British Superbikes, British F3, British GT and Le Mans Series championships as well as many club racing series. It is also host to the UK's only 24-hour car race, the Britcar 24, which is gaining in popularity, having first started in 2005.

It has in the past hosted exhibition rounds of the D1 Grand Prix both in 2005 and 2006. The course makes use of both Brooklands and Luffield corners to form an S-bend – a requirement in drifting. The section is currently used to host a European Drift Championship round. The Course also hosts the Formula Student Competition by the iMeche yearly.

In 2010 Silverstone hosted its very first Superleague Formula event.

Both the FIM and Silverstone agree the circuit needs to be remodeled for motorcycle racing. The riders are concerned over the closeness of the bridge at Bridge corner.

On 22 January 2010 it was confirmed that Silverstone would host the British round of the 2010 Superbike World Championship season. The race was moved after Donington Park was deemed "un-raceable".

Like most racing circuits around the world, the Silverstone Circuit has a number of different layouts. The layouts offer different lengths and complexity.


Lovely Rita

"Lovely Rita" is a song by The Beatles performed on the album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", written and sung by Paul McCartney, although as with all McCartney-written Beatles songs it is credited to Lennon/McCartney. It is about a female parking attendant and the narrator's love for her.

The term "meter-maid" was largely unknown in the UK prior to the song's release. It is American slang for a female traffic warden, now officially known by the gender-neutral term parking attendant. According to some sources, the song emanates from when a female traffic warden named Meta Davis gave a parking ticket to McCartney outside Abbey Road Studios. Instead of becoming angry, he accepted it with good grace and expressed his feelings in song. When asked why he had called her "Rita", McCartney replied, "Well, she looked like a Rita to me".

Recording began on 23 February 1967. Using a four-track recorder, this first performance featured Harrison's guitar on track 1, Lennon's guitar on track 2, Ringo's drums on track 3, and McCartney's piano set on track 4. The band later added lead vocal, bass, and a three-part backing vocal section. By 21 March, the final mono mix was completed and a month later, the stereo mix was done.

The unusual noises during the song after the lines "and the bag across her shoulder/ made her look a little like a military man" were John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison playing comb and paper. Mal Evans was sent to Abbey Road's lavatories to get toilet paper (which was stamped with the words, "PROPERTY OF EMI"). This was used to cover hair combs, which they blew through to sound like a kazoo orchestra.

Pink Floyd watched the Beatles recording "Lovely Rita". It is rumored that "Lovely Rita" influenced the song "Pow R. Toc H." found on their first album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn".

Shawn Phillips has said in an interview that he performed background vocals on the track.



Cali

Cali (official name, Santiago de Cali) is the capital of Valle del Cauca department in Colombia and the third most populated city in the country, after Bogotá and Medellín. Like other department capitals, it is home of the Valle del Cauca Governance, Departmental assembly, The Court of Justice, and other official institutions.

Santiago de Cali was founded in 1536 and although is one of the oldest cities in America, only until the 1930s accelerated its development to become one of the major economic and industrial centers of the country and the main urban center, cultural, economic, industrial and agriculture of southwestern of Colombia.

The city has a compound name in the fashion of almost all Spanish settlements in America. Santiago (one of the most popular names on the continent thanks to the devotion of Santiago de Compostela in Spain), lives up to the Apostle Santiago. Cali was founded 25 July, the day which marks the date of the Apostle Santiago, principal patron of Europe. So given this name to the city. Cali, derived from the word of the Páez language, "Caly" (Knitting). Like many others placements of the department. Ej: "Buga" (Large clay pot), "Yumbo" (Flood, river bank, large river.), "Sonso" (Frog), "Dagua" (A type of tree), "Petecué" (Macaw), "Tulua" (Orchad), "Chipichape" (Cooked corn kernels), "Yotoco" (fans the flame), "Quilichao" (Flame sheds), "Changos" (Chisel).

Santiago de Cali is one of the oldest cities in Colombia, and the Americas. Its foundation dates back to 1536 by the conquistador Sebastian de Belalcazar (one of the indigenous genocide of the time), to just three years after the foundation of Cartagena de Indias (1533), two years before the foundation of Santa Fe de Bogotá (1538) and 26 years of the founding of the first Hispanic population on the continent: Santa María la Antigua del Darién (1510), missing.

The city is located at coordinates ((coord | 3 | 27 | 00 | N | 76 | 32 | 00 | W)), in the department of Valle del Cauca. Geographically Cali is in the valley of the Cauca River, the second largest in the country. At the height of Cali this valley is 35 km wide and the urban area is on the west side of river. The western part of the city is guarded by the famous Farallones de Cali, which are part of the Cordillera Occidental of the Colombian Andes.

The municipality of Cali bordered to the north with Yumbo and La Cumbre, in the northeast by Palmira and east to Candelaria. To the south is the municipality of Jamundí, rural areas of Buenaventura in the southwest, and Dagua to the northwest.

The city is flat with an average elevation of 1,000 m. Cali is situated besides a focal and strategic point: to the west (approximately 100 km) is connected with the port of Buenaventura on the Pacific coast, and northeastern industrial center that conforms to Yumbo the Metropolitan Area of Cali. The city is a step in addition to the Pan-American Highway and therefore a must from Colombia to the Ecuador.

The main river of the city and the department is the Cauca River, the part of the municipality comes from the mouth of the river Jamundí to the border between Cali and Yumbo. The Cauca is a sinuous on his way through the department of Valle, 40 miles sailed in the municipality, advanced only 26 km south-north after multiple meanders.

The climate is tropical savanna. The Western Cordillera blocks of moist air fronts from the Pacific Ocean although it is notable that the sea breeze comes to town. The Western Cordillera has 2,000 m average altitude in the north of the city and reached the 4,000 m in the south, this makes in the city the southwestern region that is more rainy than Northwest. The average annual precipitation ranges from 900 mm in the drier areas to 1,800 mm in wetter areas, with 1,000 mm average over most of the metropolitan area of Cali. The average temperature is 26 °C (79 °F) with a minimum average of 19 °C (66 °F) and a maximum average of 34 °C (93 °F). Dry seasons are December to March and July to August and the rainy season from April to June.

The location in the Cauca Valley, the climate and terrain, make the city an area of great natural wealth. The confluence of rivers and other water sources make the region a natural output of crops such as sugar cane and animal breeding.

As for minerals, although Valle del Cauca is not a metal region, in the city of Cali there are several coal mines in formations called Guachinte and Ferreira, in the south and north of the urban area. In the northern part of the urban area, extending to Yumbo is open pit mining for construction materials.

Cali have a great number's of Universities and Knowledge Centers, that make the city one of the principal centers of education in the country.

The principal university in cali, is the Universidad del Valle (Univalle), University of Valley, Public institution founded in 1945, serves a demand of 29 000 students in undergraduate and graduate (8000 in the regional headquarters), at the headquarters of Cali, 20 800 are undergraduates and 2380 graduate and doctoral programs. It is the leading research and academic center of southwestern Colombia. It has the largest library in the region with 628 569 copies (307 514 books). is among the best national universities and South America.

Other universities in the city:
Icesi University, Pontifical Javeriana University, Autonomy University of Western, Saint Buenaventura University, Santiago de Cali University, and many others technical and technological institutes.

Functional group

In organic chemistry, a group of specific atoms, or a specific arrangement of atoms, can form a functional group. These groups determine the way a compound behaves physically and chemically.


Good Morning Good Morning

"Good Morning Good Morning" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album.

Inspiration for the song came to Lennon from a television commercial for Kellogg's Corn Flakes. The jingle went: "Good morning, good morning, The best to you each morning, Sunshine Breakfast, Kellogg's Corn Flakes, Crisp and full of fun".

The line ""It's time for tea and Meet the Wife"" refers to a BBC sitcom, "Meet the Wife".

The track was recorded on 8 February 1967, with overdubs (extra music that's recorded into the song) on 16 February (bass and vocals), 13 March (brass section), 28 March (backing vocals and guitar solo), and 29 March (animal noises). The guitar solo was played by Paul McCartney.

At Lennon's request, George Martin brought in Sounds Incorporated to play the brass section with their signature saxophone sound.

Lennon asked engineer Geoff Emerick to arrange the animal noises heard at beginning as well as the end of the song so that the animal heard was one capable of devouring or frightening the animal that came before it.

The final sound effect of a chicken clucking was so placed that it transforms into the guitar on the following track, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)".

In the mono version, the length is 2:35, whereas in the stereo version, the length is 2:41 because there are more animal noises.



A Day in the Life

"A Day in the Life" is a song by the English rock group The Beatles. It is the last song on the group's 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". It is a very famous song.

Many people think that the first verse was written about the death of Tara Browne, the 21-year-old heir to the Guinness fortune and close friend of Lennon and McCartney, who had crashed his Lotus Elan on 18 December 1966 when a Volkswagen pulled out of a side street into his path in Redcliffe Gardens, Earls Court. In many interviews, Lennon said this was the verse's main inspiration. However, George Martin thinks that it is a drug reference (as is the line "I'd love to turn you on" and other passages from the song) and while writing the lyrics Lennon and McCartney were imagining a stoned politician who had stopped at a set of traffic lights.

The description of the accident in "A Day in the Life" was not a literal description of Browne's fatal accident. Lennon said, "I didn't copy the accident. Tara didn't blow his mind out, but it was in my mind when I was writing that verse. The details of the accident in the song — not noticing traffic lights and a crowd forming at the scene — were similarly part of the fiction."

The final verse was inspired by an article in the "Daily Mail" in January 1967 regarding a substantial number of potholes in Blackburn, a town in Lancashire. However, he had a problem with the words of the final verse, not being able to think of how to connect "Now they know how many holes it takes to" and "the Albert Hall". His friend Terry Doran suggested that they would "fill" the Albert Hall.


Maks Ćatović

Maks Ćatović (born October 9, 1950 in Despotovac, Serbia, fomer Yugoslavia) is a movie producer who used to be the President of Komuna Belgrade, Serbia. 

From 1985 he is owner and CEO of Komuna, working for movies including "Underground" Palme dOr winner (2005) and "Black Cat, White Cat" Silver Lion winner in Venice (2008). 

Catovic worked as a concert promoter for bands who were performing in Serbia and Montenegro, including Luciano Pavarotti, Madonna, AC/DC, Sting, and Metallica.



Climbing harness

A climbing harness (or simply harness) is used by rock climbers. It is used to secure the climber to a piece of rope. It is one of the basic parts of the rock climbing equipment.

There are different types of harnesses.

Alcester

Alcester is a Roman market town in Warwickshire, England. It is about 8 miles west of Stratford-upon-Avon. In 2001, 6,214 people lived there.

The River Alne joins with the River Arrow at Alcester.


Aldeburgh

Aldeburgh is a coastal town in the English county of Suffolk. It is on the Alde river.

Many people take a weekend trip to Aldeburgh. One of the main attractions is Moot Hall. Other attractions include a Napoleonic era defensive fort (known as a Martello tower), a sheltered yachting marina, and two Fish and chips shops


Computer vision syndrome

Computer vision syndrome or CVS is when someone's sight goes blurry because they have been looking at a computer screen for too long.

Sometimes, simply changing a work environment to have better ergonomics is all that needs to be done to reduce eye strain and other vision problems related to CVS. In some cases, a good pair of computer eyeglasses may help someone see better at the right distance range needed for looking at a computer screen.

A way of preventing CVS is to take breaks while using computers.

McLaren Grand Prix results

The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team. The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix.

Jump to: 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010


<nowiki>^</nowiki> Points total includes points scored by private entries.

Dale Jarrett

Dale Arnold Jarrett (born November 26, 1956) is a retired American racecar driver. Jarret used to drive in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. He won the 1999 Winston Cup championship and the 1993 Daytona 500. Jarrett has been called one of NASCAR's 50 greatest drivers. Jarrett retired in 2008 and now does Commentary for NBC. His father is NASCAR legend Ned Jarrett.

2007 Formula One espionage controversy

The 2007 Formula One espionage controversy, also known as "Spygate," or "Stepneygate" involves claim that the teams passed confidential technical information. It was claimed that McLaren Formula One had information from the Ferrari team. Then it was claimed that Renault F1 had information from the McLaren team.

The case involved Nigel Stepney, who used to work for Ferrari and was working at the time for McLaren. It also included Mike Coughlan, who was working for McLaren and his wife Trudy Coughlan. Ferrari claimed that Stepney stole confidential technical information. This became the subject of legal action in Italy and an FIA investigation. The case in England was dropped after Ferrari reached an agreement with the Coughlans.

The FIA penalized McLaren. The biggest penalty was that McLaren excluded (not allowed to compete) from the Constructors' Championship. They were also fined a record-breaking $100 million (USD).

Then the FIA claimed Renault F1 had information about the 2006 and 2007 McLaren cars. Renault were found guilty of breaking the same regulation as McLaren, but Renault was not punished.

Nigel Stepney was working at Ferrari with Jean Todt, Ross Brawn and Rory Byrne. Michael Schumacher was their superstar driver. They were part of the team given the credit for changing the of fortunes of Ferrari in the late 1990s. 

In February 2007, Stepney said he was unhappy with some management changes made at Ferrari. On 3 July 2007, "Gazzetta dello Sport" reported that Ferrari had fired Stepney as a result an internal investigation. 

The same day Ferrari fired Stepney, they announced taking action against an engineer from McLaren, later named as Mike Coughlan. Coughlan was suspended by McLaren as a result. Court details released say that Mike Coughlan is accused to be in possession of Ferrari documentation, and that his wife is accused of photocopying them.

On 8 November 2007, the FIA announced that the Renault F1 team would be need to answer a charge of possession of confidential information relating to the 2006 and 2007 McLaren Formula One cars. The statement issued by the FIA states that Renault F1 was found to have information used by the 2006 and 2007 McLaren F1 cars. 

On 6 July 2007, Honda Racing F1 released a statement confirming that Stepney and Coughlan approached the team regarding "job opportunities" in June 2007. Honda said that no confidential information had been offered or received.


Lithium oxide

Lithium oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiO. It contains lithium and oxide ions.

Lithium oxide is a white solid. It is a strong base. It is corrosive when dissolved in water. Lithium oxide dissolves in water to make lithium hydroxide. It reacts with acids to make lithium salts. It reacts with carbon dioxide to form lithium carbonate. Lithium carbonate is much less corrosive. It makes a red color in a flame.

When lithium is burned to air, it forms lithium oxide. This reaction also makes lithium nitride. It can also be made by heating lithium peroxide.

It is used as a flux in glazing ceramics. It can be used in scientific research. It could also be used in lithium ion batteries.

Lithium oxide is very corrosive. It reacts with water to make lithium hydroxide. It is toxic because of its strong alkalinity (being a base).


Lithium carbonate

Lithium carbonate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiCO. It contains lithium and carbonate ions.

Lithium carbonate is a white solid. It dissolves in water, although not as much as sodium carbonate. It reacts with acids to make carbon dioxide. It can react with carbon dioxide temporarily to make the bicarbonate. lithium carbonate is basic in nature.

It can be made by mixing lithium oxide or lithium hydroxide and carbon dioxide.

Lithium is extracted from two main sources: pegmatite crystals and lithium compounds from brine pools. It is also found in the rare mineral zabuyelite.

Lithium carbonate is used in various medications for treating bipolar disorder. It is also used in fireworks to make a bright red color. It is used in processing metal oxides. It can be used to make glass. It is used to glaze ceramics. It can also be used to dry cement. It is used in making lithium ion batteries. It is used in carbon dioxide detectors. It is also used make the cathodes of most lithium-ion batteries, which are made from lithium cobalt oxide.
Lithium carbonate is somewhat toxic. It is a base, and reacts with strong acids.


Lithium chloride

Lithium chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiCl. It contains lithium and chloride ions.

Lithium chloride is a colorless solid. It makes a bright red color in a flame. It absorbs water, unlike other alkali metal chlorides. It also dissolves more easily in water than other alkali metal chlorides.

Lithium chloride can be made by igniting lithium and chlorine, but it is difficult because the reaction is violent. This makes the anhydrous (without water attached) form. Another way is mixing lithium oxide, lithium hydroxide, or lithium carbonate with hydrochloric acid. This makes the hydrate (water attached to the molecule). The hydrous form can be dried to the anhydrous form by heating it with hydrogen chloride gas.

Lithium chloride is used to make lithium metal. Lithium chloride is melted and electrolyzed. This makes liquid lithium metal. It is used to dry air. It is also used as a flux for aluminium. It can be used in making organic compounds. It can be used to color flames red.

Lithium chloride is somewhat toxic. It was going to be used as a salt substitute but people found that it is toxic. It affects the central nervous system.


Oxidation state

The oxidation state (or oxidation number) of an element is used to predict what sort of chemical compounds form.

For example, if you put hydrogen and oxygen together, they form HO, and not HO because the oxidation number of oxygen is −2, which means that we need two +1 hydrogens for the numbers to balance.

You can look up the oxidation state(s) of an element on many periodic tables. They are usually between −2 and +3.

Oxidation states were invented by Antoine Lavoisier to predict how oxygen reacted in chemical reactions; hence the name. Later on, we learned that Lavoisier's theory can be used to predict other reactions too, many of them have nothing to do with oxygen.

In ionic compounds, oxidation states tell us about the movement of charge within the compound. For example, chlorine has a very high electronegativity which means that it really likes electrons and sodium has a very low electronegativity which means that it really hates electrons. When sodium and chlorine are close together, sodium will give away an electron to chlorine. A change in charge has taken place; chlorine's charge has gone down which we call reduction, and sodium's charge has gone up which we call oxidation.

Oxidizing agent

Oxidizing agent can have two meanings. It can be a chemical that releases oxygen atoms. For example, potassium chlorate has a chemical formula of KClO. When it oxidizes a reducing agent, such as powdered aluminium metal, it loses its oxygen to the aluminium and becomes potassium chloride, KCl. 

Another definition is a chemical that accepts electrons from a reducing agent. For example, potassium permanganate has an oxidation state of +7. In an acid solution, it gains 5 electrons (e). It becomes a manganese compound with an oxidation state of +2. Most oxidizing agents of the second definition have oxygen, but not all. For example, fluorine (F) does not have any oxygen in it. It is also the most powerful oxidizing agent. When it acts as an oxidizing agent, it gains an electron to transfer from an oxidation state of 0 to an oxidation state of -1. 



Reducing agent

A reducing agent is a chemical that gives away electrons to another chemical compound, the oxidizing agent. For example, zinc is a reducing agent. When it reacts with an oxidizing agent, it gives up two electrons, changing its oxidation state from 0 to +2. All chemical elements have an oxidation state of 0.



Reduction (chemistry)

Reduction is a chemical reaction that involves the gaining of electrons by one of the atoms involved in the reaction between two chemicals. The term refers to the element that accepts electrons, as the oxidation state of the element that gains electrons is lowered. 

An example of a reduction is when iron reacts with oxygen, forming iron oxides such as those called rust. The iron is oxidized and the oxygen is reduced. This is called redox. A blast furnace reverses that reaction, using carbon monoxide as a reducing agent to reduce the iron.


Electroplating

Electroplating is the coating of an object with a metal. It is done by immersing the object and a bar of the metal in a solution containing the metal ions. Electric current is then applied; the positive goes to the metal and the negative goes to the object. The metal bar dissolves in the solution and plates out on the object, forming a thin but durable coating of metal. It is often used to gold-plate objects for decoration or to stop corrosion. Normally the metal becomes fragile, and is only used for display.

Potassium hydroxide

Potassium hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KOH. It contains potassium and hydroxide ions.

It is a white powder. It dissolves easily in water to make a basic solution. It is corrosive to skin. It reacts with acids to give potassium salts. It is less common than sodium hydroxide. About 700,000 tons are made each year. It is hygroscopic, meaning that it absorbs water from the air and forms a solution. It is very hard to get the water out again. It releases heat when it is dissolved in water, similar to sodium hydroxide. It gradually reacts with carbon dioxide in the air to form potassium carbonate. It melts easily. It feels greasy when it gets on the skin because it makes soap from the fat in your skin. It is made when potassium reacts with water. 

It is made by electrolysis of a potassium chloride solution. It can also be made by reacting calcium hydroxide with potassium carbonate. The calcium carbonate precipitates and is filtered, leaving potassium hydroxide.

It is used to make soap. It is also used in organic chemistry. It can be used to make fertilizers and other potassium compounds. It is used to make diesel from plants. It is used in alkaline cells and nicads as an electrolyte. It can be used to identify mushrooms.


Elverta, California

Elverta is an unincorporated community northwest of Sacramento, California. It was named after Elverta Dike, whose husband donated property to a nearby church. It is in Sacramento County, California. The postal code of the city is 95626. In 2020 there were 5,435 people living in Elverta. Elverta is about from Sacramento, California, miles from Rio Linda, California, from Roseville, California, and from Antelope, California.

It was named after Elverta Dike, whose husband donated property to a nearby church. The community of Elverta/Rio Linda is on the part on the land grant of Rancho Del Paso of 1844. In 1910, a company named Fruit Land Company of Minneapolis got of the grant and in 1912 the area was splited with Elverta and Rio Linda.

Elverta is an unincoporated community and it is part of the Sacramento metropolitan area; the metropolitan area including Sacramento (State capital and County seat of California), also Arden-Arcade and Roseville.

Elverta is at (38.723216, -121.45452)

According to the United States Census Bureau, the unincorporated community has a total area of 8.8 square miles (22.9 square kilometers).


Elena Kagan

Elena Kagan (born April 28, 1960) is an American lawyer and judge. She is a United States Supreme Court Justice. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 5, 2010. She is one of four women on the court. Kagan is the only Supreme Court Justice who had never been a judge before becoming a Justice. Before being a Justice, she was Solicitor General and dean of Harvard Law School. Kagan was born and raised in New York City and is Jewish.

Sonia Sotomayor

Sonia Sotomayor (born: June 25, 1954) is a United States Supreme Court justice. She has been on the Court since 2009, and was on a lower court before that. When on the lower court, she ended the 1994 baseball strike. She is the first and only Latina (hispanic women) on the Court. Sotomayor is Puerto Rican and is from the Bronx.

Sotomayor was born in New York City to parents who were from Puerto Rico. As a child, she was interested in reading the Nancy Drew series and other detective stories. She had a rough childhood since her alcoholic father died when she was nine. Throughout her time in high school and at Princeton, Sotomayor was a charismatic and inspirational leader. She graduated Princeton with a history degree, went to Yale University to study law and then served as a U.S District Court judge and judge for U.S Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.


Suzanne Collins

Suzanne Collins (born 1962) is a writer from the U.S. state of Connecticut. She is known for writing in the fantasy and science fiction genre.

Collins started her writing career in 1991. She wrote for some television series. Later she wrote a couple of picture books and a five part series called "The Underland Chronicles". In 2008, Collins published the first book of the science fiction trilogy, "The Hunger Games". Soon after her publications of "The Hunger Games", this trilogy became a series of movies.

In 2003, Collins published the first book of her five book series called "The Underland Chronicles". The books in the series are "Gregor the Overlander", "Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane", "Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods", "Gregor and the Marks of Secret", and "Gregor and the Code of Claw".

In 2008 she published the science fiction novel "The Hunger Games". This was the first part of a trilogy. The other two books are "Catching Fire" (2009) and "Mockingjay" (2010). The first book was a "New York Times" best seller. It was named in "Publishers Weekly"'s "Best Books of the Year" in 2008. Lions Gate Entertainment made a movie of the book. The movie received positive reviews from Stephen King and Stephenie Meyer. The first movie was released in 2012. It became very popular. Lions Gate Entertainment decided to make movies of the two other books. "" (the movie) was released in 2014. The first part of the movie "" came out in late 2014.

In 2013, Collins published the book "Year of the Jungle".



Calcium chloride

Calcium chloride is a chemical compound made of calcium and chlorine atoms. It has the formula of CaCl. It absorbs water from the air and releases heat when it is dissolved in water. It is used as a de-icer on roads to melt the ice. It can be formed by mixture of calcium oxide with hydrochloric acid, but this produces a version that is hydrated (has water molecules attached to it). The anhydrous (no water molecules attached) form is needed most of the time. Calcium chloride is melted at a high temperature and electrolyzed to produce calcium metal.

Bob Probert

Robert Alan Probert (June 5, 1965 – July 5, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. Probert played a total of 1,016 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Chicago Blackhawks. Probert was known for being a fighter and enforcer, as well as being one half of the "Bruise Brothers" with teammate Joey Kocur, during the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Probert retired from playing ice hockey in 2002 to join the Blackhawks radio broadcasting team. He finished his career fourth on the NHL's all-time list with 3,300 penalty minutes notched.

After his retirement, Probert ran into drug and legal problems. On February 05, 2003, he entered rehab to try and beat his addiction. He was arrested on June 4, 2004 after he allegedly parked his BMW SUV on the wrong side of the street and got into an altercation over drugs with bystanders. Many police officers got involved and Probert had to be subdued with a taser and stun guns.

On July 5, 2010, while boating on Lake St. Clair with his children, father-in-law, and mother-in-law, Probert experienced "severe chest pain" and collapsed. His father-in-law Dan Parkinson, the Cornwall, Ontario, chief of police, attempted CPR to save his life. He was taken to Windsor Regional Hospital's Metropolitan Campus and was pronounced dead. His funeral services were held July 9, 2010, in Windsor, Ontario. It was attended by many of his former teammates and rivals including Dino Ciccarelli, Tie Domi, Gerard Gallant, Doug Gilmour, Stu Grimson, Joey Kocur, Brad McCrimmon, Darren McCarty and Steve Yzerman, as well as the Red Wings general manager Ken Holland and owners Mike and Marian Ilitch. His eulogy was delivered by Yzerman. His brain was donated to the Sports Legacy Institute to help researchers that are studying the effects of concussions and other sports-related head injuries. In February 2011, the researchers announced at Boston University that they had found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in Probert's brain.


Vampires Suck

Vampires Suck is a 2010 American parody movie directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. It is a parody of Stephenie Meyer's series, "Twilight". The movie was be released in North America on August 8, 2010, August 26, 2010 in Australia and October 15, 2010 in the United Kingdom. "Vampires Suck" achieved $4 million at the box office.

"Vampires Suck" gained strong negative reviews:



JPEG

In computing, the JPEG file format is a file format which is used to compress digital images. The amount of compression can be changed depending on the wanted quality. If an image is high quality, it will take up a large amount of storage. If it is low quality, it will take up a small amount of storage. The JPEG file format is commonly found on the World Wide Web. The word "JPEG" is short for the Joint Photographic Experts Group which created the format. JPEG file extensions include codice_1, codice_2, codice_3 and others.

The first notable thing about JPEG compression is the way in which the colour of each pixel is stored. Each pixel of the image is assigned 3 bytes to define its colour. All three bytes can have any value from 0 to 255 and every possible combination of the three bytes stands for another colour. In most file formats, the RGB format is used for defining the colour. RGB stands for Red Green Blue. It's named this way because the first of the three bytes tells you how much red there is in the pixel's colour. The second byte tells you how much green there is in the colour and the third byte how much blue. The higher value the first byte has, the more red the pixel looks.

JPEG also uses three bytes for every pixel each, but it's using the YPP (also known as YCC) format. Here, the first byte tells us how bright the pixel is. The second byte tells us how blue the pixel is. The third byte tells us how red the pixel is. Using this colour format, the brightness is stored apart from the colour. This is useful, because we are going to compress an image. Because the human eye is better at seeing brightness than seeing colour, we can apply a greater compression to the colour bytes (the P-byte and the P-byte). Since we see brightness better, we use less compression on the Y-byte, to have the image look better after compression.

Because images are most often stored in RGB format, the first step of JPEG compression is usually to correctly change the RGB format into the YPP format.

JPEG uses cosine functions to represent an image. Therefore, we are going to talk a little bit about cosine functions. This is what a cosine function could look like: 

To have the cosine function represent the colour of a pixel, we say that the higher the value of the cosine function, the brighter the pixel. If we had a set of pixels that went bright-dark-bright, we could use the function above to define them. 

The function could also have a higher frequency. Like this:

But here's where it gets interesting. We can also create different functions by taking the average of different cosine functions. Here is what it would look like if we took the average of the above two functions:
In JPEG, DCT is applied to blocks of 8 × 8 pixels.

So far, no information has been lost in the process of compressing the image. In this step, we're filtering out information. For that reason, this is the step that lowers the quality of the image. For every block of 8 × 8 pixels, the cosine functions with high frequencies are set to 0. This means that these can no longer have any impact on how the image looks when you decompress it. 

A lot of values will now be 0, which means that this can be very easily compressed. This is done using Huffman coding. Huffman coding is the last step of JPEG compression. It is also the only step in which the data is actually compressed.

Being a computer file, a JPEG file is made of multiple bytes. One byte in hexadecimal could look like 0x01. The very first bytes of a JPEG are 0xFF, 0xD8 ("FF D8"); these bytes are named Start Of Image (SOI). The first section of bytes in a JPEG is the header; this is from FF D8 to right before the last 0xFF, 0xDA ("FF DA") bytes. The header contains data about the data and other helpful data. The next section of bytes in a JPEG is the image data; this is from FF DA to 0xFF, 0xD9 ("FF D9"). The FF DA bytes are named Start Of Scan (SOS), and the FF D9 bytes are named End Of Image (EOI).


WilliamsF1 Grand Prix results

The table below details the complete World Championship Grand Prix results for the WilliamsF1 Formula One team. The team also competed in several non-Championship Formula One races.

Jump to: 1990 2000 2010

Invertible matrix

In linear algebra, there are certain matrices which have the property that when they are multiplied with another matrix, the result is the identity matrix formula_1 (the matrix with ones on its main diagonal and 0 everywhere). If formula_2 is such a matrix, then formula_2 is called invertible and its inverse is called formula_4, with:
There are algorithms for calculating the inverse of a matrix, with Gaussian elimination being a common example. The problem is that finding the inverse is relatively "expensive" to do for big matrices. Matrix inversion is used extensively in computer graphics.


Flag of New Mexico

The Flag of the State of New Mexico has the red sun symbol of the Zia people in the middle and has a yellow background. 

In 1920, Dr. Harry Mera, an archaeologist, won a contest to design a new state flag and chose the Zia sun symbol because he was familiar with it. It was used in Zia Pueblo on a 19th century pot. There is four points in the symbol because four is a sacred number to the Zia. To the Zia, it is the Circle of Life: four winds, four seasons, four directions, and four sacred obligations. New Mexico was the 48th state and it was founded in 1912.

Pontiac Sunfire

The Pontiac Sunfire was a car produced by Pontiac from 1995 through 2005. The Sunfire succeeded the Pontiac Sunbird and was succeeded by the Pontiac G5 (a rebadged Chevrolet Cobalt). The Sunfire was also purchased in a sedan, convertible or coupe. Much like its twin the Cavalier the Sunfire also fared poor in the offset test by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.

The first Pontiac Sunfire became the successor of the Pontiac Sunbird after it got cancelled in 1990s. The Pontiac received a minor facelift in the early 2000s.

Michael Cera

Michael Austin Cera (born June 7, 1988 in Brampton, Ontario) is a Canadian actor who made his big screen debut in the 2000 movie Frequency as Gordy Jr., (Age 10) but first starred in the TV movie, Switching Goals as Taylor.

He was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2009.


Kardinal Offishall

Jason Drew Harrow (born May 12, 1976), better known by his stage name Kardinal Offishall is a Canadian rapper, record producer, DJ, and record executive. 

Offishall has won many awards including 3 Juno Awards, 4 MuchMusic Video Awards, 3 SOCAN Awards and 1 Canadian Urban Music Award.

Kardinal Offishall has released 5 studio albums and 1 EP:

Laurasia

Laurasia was a supercontinent. It had been the northern part of the Pangaea global supercontinent. Pangaea split into Laurasia and Gondwana to the south during the Jurassic period. 

Laurasia included most of the landmasses which make up today's continents of the northern hemisphere, chiefly Laurentia (the name given to the North American craton), Europe, Scandinavia, western Russia, Siberia, Kazakhstan, and China.

Laurasia's name combines the names of Laurentia and Eurasia.

Although Laurasia is known as a Mesozoic phenomenon, today it is believed that the same continents that formed Laurasia also existed as a coherent continent after the breakup of Rodinia around 1 billion years ago. To avoid confusion with Laurasia, that continent is referred to as Proto-Laurasia.

Dangerous (Kardinal Offishall song)

Dangerous is a 2008 R&B song by Kardinal Offishall and featured R&B singer Akon. The song was released March 2008 on the radio and April 1, 2008 on iTunes. The song is from Kardinal Offishall's 2008 album, Not 4 Sale. 

The song won Single of the Year at the 2009 Juno Awards and was certified 3x Platinum by the CRIA.

Justin Upton

Justin Irvin Upton (born August 25, 1987) is an American professional baseball player. He plays as a outfielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball (MLB). Upton has also played for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Atlanta Braves, San Diego Padres and the Detrit Tigers. He was selected first overall by the Diamondbacks in the 2005 MLB Draft and was the Youngest Player in the National League in 2007. Upton was selected in 2009 for his first All-Star selection.

On December 19, 2014, the Braves traded Upton along with Aaron Northcraft to the San Diego Padres in exchange for Max Fried, Jace Peterson, Dustin Peterson, and Mallex Smith.

Upton signed a six-year contract with the Detroit Tigers prior to the 2016 season. He was traded to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on August 31, 2017.

Tetris DS

Tetris DS is a 2006 puzzle game that was developed and published by Nintendo and was distributed by Nintendo. It was released on March 20, 2006 in North America, April 13, 2006 in Australasia, April 21, 2006 in Europe, April 27, 2006 in Japan and July 7, 2007 in South Korea. The game has Nintendo themed levels: Balloon Fight, Super Mario Bros., Metroid, The Legend of Zelda, Donkey Kong, and Yoshi's Cookie and the game received mostly positive reviews, selling over 2.05 million copies worldwide.

"Tetris DS" has been rated very well by many top ranking sites:



Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 is a 2002 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft, Vicarious Visions, Babaroga and Aspyr Media and was published by Activision. It is the fourth game in the Tony Hawk's series It was released on October 23, 2002 for the GameCube, Playstation, Playstation 2 and the Xbox and October 28, 2002 for the Game Boy Advance and August 27, 2003 for the PC in North America and November 15, 2002 for the GameCube, Playstation, Playstation 2, Xbox and November 22, 2002 for the Game Boy Advance and August 27, 2003 in the PAL region.

The fifth sequels, called "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5" released in 2015.



Potassium chloride

Potassium chloride (also known as potassium salt) is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KCl. It contains potassium and chloride ions. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is not reactive. It is similar to sodium chloride. It reacts with silver nitrate to make silver chloride. It reacts with sodium metal when very hot to make potassium metal. The metals are a gas because it is so hot. It makes a pink color when heated in a flame. 

Potassium chloride is found as a mineral. The mineral is called sylvite. It is also found in sylvanite, a mixture of sodium chloride and potassium chloride.

It is taken from the ocean. It can also be processed from the mineral sylvite or sylvanite. It is made when potassium nitrate is reacted with hydrochloric acid, making nitric acid and potassium chloride. It is made when potassium burns in chlorine.

It is used to make potassium metal. Potassium chloride is heated very hot until it melts. Sodium metal is reacted with it. The sodium metal melts and boils to make sodium gas. The sodium gas reacts with the potassium chloride to make potassium gas and sodium chloride. It can be electrolyzed in a water solution to make potassium hydroxide. It is used in food processing. It can be used to execute people in a lethal injection. It is used instead of table salt sometimes. Normally it is half table salt and half potassium chloride. It can be used to extinguish fires. It was used to make packs that get hot when squeezed, but better chemicals are used now. 

Potassium chloride is toxic in very large amounts. When injected into a vein it is much more toxic.

In the United States, people sentenced to death by lethal injection have usually been executed using three different medications. Potassium chloride is the third medication. It is given after a sedative (to put the prisoner to sleep) and a medicine that paralyzes the prisoner. Potassium chloride works by speeding up the heart until it stops.

The use of potassium chloride in lethal injections is controversial. For example, one scientist who studied the three-drug combination called potassium chloride "extremely painful." United States Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer used her research to argue that lethal injection is cruel and unusual punishment. Other doctors agree that if the drugs are not given correctly, a prisoner could experience "a great deal of pain" or "excruciating [terribly painful] suffering."

However, other doctors say that lethal injection is less painful than other ways of executing people, like using an electric chair or a gas chamber. They also say that if the three drugs are given correctly, lethal injection should be pain-free. Because doctors are supposed to "do no harm", many executions are now done by people who are not doctors. Supporters of lethal injection say that mistakes, not the drugs themselves, are what cause pain.

Sodium bromide

Sodium bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaBr. It is made of sodium and bromide ions.

Sodium bromide is a white solid. It dissolves easily in water. When it is heated very strongly in air, it makes bromine gas. It also reacts with chlorine to make liquid bromine. 

It is made by reacting hydrogen bromide with sodium hydroxide. It can be made by mixing sodium and bromine, although this reaction is very violent. 

It was used in medicine as a hypnotic and sedative. Potassium bromide is also used for this purpose. It is used to make other bromine compounds that are organic. It was used to make silver bromide. It can be used as a disinfectant with chlorine in pools. It can be used to make dense fluids for drilling oil wells.

Sodium bromide is only toxic in large amounts, like sodium chloride.


Bromide

Bromide is the reduced form of bromine. It is an ion. It exists when another element, such as sodium, gives away electrons to bromine, turning it into bromide. The aluminium turns into an aluminum ion, and both ions bond to form sodium bromide, a chemical compound. Bromides are normally colorless and nontoxic.

Bromide can also refer to an overused saying or idiom, such as "quick as a mouse" and "big as an elephant". In writing it is recommended to use fresh expressions and not over used ones.

Iron(III) oxide

Iron(III) oxide, also known as rust, is a reddish substance, an iron oxide. It has a chemical formula of FeO. It is made by the reaction of iron with oxygen. It is found naturally in the ground as hematite, the major ore which blast furnaces use to smelt iron. It dissolves in acids. It can be mixed with fine powdered granules of aluminum in a 27:80 ratio to form thermite, a semi-explosive powder.

The iron is in the +3 oxidation state, which is what the III means. If the iron was in the +2 oxidation state, it would be iron(II) oxide.


Iron(II) oxide

Iron(II) oxide is an chemical compound composed of iron in the +2 oxidation state bonded to oxygen atoms. It easily converts to a mixture of iron and iron(III) oxide at room temperature. It is stable though when it is very hot. It is a black powder. If it gets hydrated (bonded to extra water molecules), it turns green. The green chemical, named iron(II) hydroxide, gets oxidized by oxygen to a reddish color of iron(III) oxide.


Saratoga Trunk

Saratoga Trunk is a 1945 American romance movie directed by Sam Wood and written by Edna Ferber and Casey Robinson. Flora Robson who played Ingrid Bergman's servant in the movie was nominated for a Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.



Index on Censorship

Index on Censorship is a publishing organisation campaigning for freedom of expression. It produces an award-winning quarterly magazine of the same name. It is based in London. 


Iron(II) hydroxide

Iron(II) hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Fe(OH). It has iron and hydroxide ions in it. The iron is in its +2 oxidation state.

When pure, it is a white solid. It very easily turns dark green in air, which is its normal form. It then reacts with more oxygen to turn brown as iron(III) oxide is formed. It is a reducing agent. 

It can be formed by electrolysis of water with a piece of iron metal as the anode (positive connector). A green slime will appear around it, and hydrogen will be released at the cathode (negative connector). It is normally made by reacting iron(II) sulfate with sodium hydroxide.

It was being investigated as a detoxifier in wetlands. Some wetlands have toxic selenite and selenate ions in them. Iron(II) hydroxide reduces them to selenium, which is much less toxic. It is also used in the nickel-iron battery.


Jimmy Ward

James William Ward (September 1, 1906 – November 15, 1990) was a right winger in the NHL from 1928 - 1939. Jimmy Ward's son, Pete Ward, played nine seasons of professional baseball, winning TSN Rookie Of The Year honors in 1963 while playing for the Chicago White Sox.

He played his entire NHL career in Montreal. It began in the 1928 season with the Montreal Maroons. He would stay with the English Montreal team until they folded following the 1938 season. Along the way he scored 10 or more goals in 10 of 11 seasons during a time when the regular season was only 48 games long. He won the Stanley Cup in 1935. He played in the Ace Bailey Benefit Game in 1934 and the Howie Morenz Memorial Game in 1937. When the Maroons folded he joined the rival Montreal Canadiens for the 1939 season.

In 1940 he served as a player/coach of the New Haven Eagles of the IAHL. He would later serve as head coach of the PCHL's Portland Eagles and Portland Penguins.


Gary Veneruzzo

Gary Raymond Veneruzzo (born June 28, 1943) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played seven games in the National Hockey League and 348 games in the World Hockey Association. Veneruzzo played for with the St. Louis Blues, Los Angeles Sharks, Michigan Stags, Baltimore Blades, Cincinnati Stingers, Phoenix Roadrunners, and San Diego Mariners. Veneruzzo was born in Fort William, Ontario.

NHL Career ST. Louis Blues Forward 1967-68 Record

Vic Venasky

Victor William Venasky (born March 6, 1951 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player. After playing college hockey at the University of Denver, Venasky went on to play 430 games in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings. He now coaches youth hockey in Southern California.

Sodium bicarbonate

Sodium bicarbonate is baking soda, bicarb or bicarbonate of soda. It is a chemical compound, sodium hydrogen carbonate, with the formula NaHCO. The elements within it are sodium, hydrogen, carbon, oxygen. It is a white crystalline powder. 

Sodium bicarbonate is an antacid. It is sometimes used to relieve acid indigestion, a sickness caused by lots of acid in one's stomach. This was usually done by mixing sodium bicarbonate with water and drinking it. When there is too much acid, it causes heartburn, an uncomfortable feeling in the stomach. It reacts with acids to produce carbon dioxide gas. It also reacts with bases to reduce their harmful effects.

When sodium bicarbonate is heated, it releases carbon dioxide and water vapor (gas) and turns into sodium carbonate.

Baking soda is rarely found in the earth. It can be manufactured artificially, though. 

Heartburn

Heartburn is an uncomfortable feeling in the chest that happens when acids from the stomach travel up the esophagus (the tube leading from the mouth to the stomach). When stomach acids hurt the lining of the esophagus, the feeling is a symptom. 

The burning sensation is commonly called "heartburn," but it has nothing to do with the heart.

The symptom may be helped by taking antacids, such as calcium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate.



Nitrogen triiodide

Nitrogen triiodide is an extremely sensitive contact explosive. It is synthesised using ammonia and iodine. When touched, it detonates, releasing a cloud of irritating iodine vapor.

Safety data sheet

A Material safety data sheet, commonly abbreviated to MSDS, is a document for a chemical compound. It explains the hazards of the chemical and gives an overview of the chemical's properties. 


NFPA 704

NFPA 704, also known as a safety square, is a diamond-shaped sign or picture that tells people about the hazards of a chemical compound. It was designed in 1960 by the National Fire Protection Association, as a way of quickly telling firefighters and other emergency workers what kind of dangers might be nearby.

The sign is made of four smaller diamonds: a red one on top, a yellow one on the right, a white one on the bottom, and a blue one on the left. Numbers or symbols in these boxes tell how dangerous the chemical is. 

The red diamond tells how flammable the chemical compound is: how easily it catches fire. The yellow diamond tells about reactivity: how quickly the compound reacts with other materials. (For example, some chemicals, like ammonium nitrate, explode when they touch water; this is an example of reactivity.) The blue diamond tells how dangerous the chemical is to a person's health. Each of these three diamonds - red, yellow, and blue - are given a score between 0 and 4. A score of 0 means there is no danger. A score of 4 means there is the worst possible danger.

The white diamond has codes for "special hazards." For example, if a chemical like ammonium nitrate should not touch water because it will explode, a W with a line through it will be written in the white diamond.


Fluorite

Fluorite is the mineral form of calcium fluoride. It has a chemical formula of CaF where Ca stands for calcium, and F stands for Fluorine. 

Fluorite is the main source of fluorine and fluorides. It naturally fluoridates drinking water in places where it is found. It has a hardness of 5. It barely dissolves in water. Geologists have found about 9000 deposits of fluorite found on the Earth. It is mainly mined in China, Mexico and Russia. 


Fluoride

Fluoride is the reduced form of fluorine. When fluorine gains an electron by taking it from another substance (oxidizing it), it converts into fluoride. Fluoride is found in toothpaste and helps prevent tooth decay. Fluoride is added artificially to drinking water in some places and has caused a controversy over the harmful effects versus the benefits of fluoridation.


Fluoridation

Fluoridation is the adding of fluorine compounds (fluorides) to various substances, especially toothpaste and drinking water. Government officials, scientists, and doctors say that Fluoridation helps prevent tooth decay and cavities, but it also has harmful effects in larger doses, creating a controversy over whether water should be fluoridated.


Iron(II,III) oxide

Iron(II,III) oxide is a chemical compound. It can be used as an iron ore (source of a material) called magnetite. It is black and brittle. It can oxidize to red iron(III) oxide after some time. It is attracted to magnets. It is a compound that contains iron in two different oxidation states; some of the iron atoms are in a +2 oxidation state and some are in a +3 oxidation state.


Beck, Bogert &amp; Appice

Beck, Bogert & Appice was a hard rock power trio formed by Jeff Beck, Tim Bogert, and Carmine Appice. They released one studio album and one live album.

Beck, Bogert &amp; Appice (album)

Beck, Bogert & Appice is the first album by the '70s band Beck, Bogert & Appice.


Wonderwall (song)

Wonderwall is a single by the rock band Oasis. It was written by Noel Gallagher. Wonderwall comes from "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?", Oasis's second album. The song also appears on "Stop the Clocks" and "Time Flies... 1994-2009". It was the only song that reached the top 10 in America on the Hot 100 for Oasis. It also reached number 1 in four countries and reached the top 10 in 10 countries.
Noel Gallagher says the song was written about a girl he met at a concert when he was touring with Oasis.
It is said that "Wonderwall" was written for Gallagher's then-girlfriend, Meg Mathews. Gallagher now says the song was not about her, but he did say "The meaning of that song was taken away from me by the media who jumped on it. How do you tell your Mrs it's not about her once she's read it is? It's a song about an imaginary friend who's gonna come and save you from yourself."

In 2008 Liam Gallagher said this about the song: "I can't fucking stand that fucking song! Every time I have to sing it I want to gag. Problem is, it was a big, big tune for us." Noel said that Liam, "...thought we had gone too dance when I wrote 'Wonderwall' because the drums didn't go boom-boom bap, boom-boom bap." 

The song was recorded at Rockfield Studios in Wales in May of 1995. According to producer Owen Morris, the song was done in 6 to 8 hours.

In the beginning, Noel wanted to sing this song, but he gave his brother Liam Gallagher the choice, and Noel ended up singing "Don't Look Back in Anger". He later said he had only ever wanted to sing "Don't Look Back in Anger", and had used "Wonderwall" as a bargaining tool.

The music video to the song was filmed in the short period when bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion; Scott McLeod came in to replace him.

The song won Best British Video at the 1996 BRIT Awards.


Iron(III) chloride

Iron(III) chloride, also known as ferric chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is FeCl. It has iron and chloride ions in it. The iron is in its +3 oxidation state.

Iron(III) chloride is a yellow solid. It dissolves in water to make a colloid of iron(III) oxide, making the water look muddy. When it is dissolved in an acidic solution, it is bright yellow. When it is very concentrated in a solution, it is dark brown. It is corrosive to skin and metals. It reacts with iron to produce iron(II) chloride. It fumes hydrochloric acid in moist air. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It reacts with copper(I) chloride to make copper(II) chloride. It breaks down when heated to make chlorine and iron(II) chloride.

It can be made by mixing hydrochloric acid and iron(III) oxide. It can be made by mixing iron and chlorine. It can also be made by reacting iron(II) chloride with chlorine at a low temperature.

It is used in sewage processing. It reacts with slightly basic water to make a "floc" that can remove things from the water. It used to react with copper in circuit boards; iron(III) nitrate is sometimes used too. It is used as a catalyst in making plastics. It is used in certain tests as a reagent.


Iron(II) chloride

Iron(II) chloride, also known as ferrous chloride, is a chemical compound. It is made of iron and chloride ions. The iron is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is grayish-white when anhydrous and greenish when hydrated. It is oxidized by oxygen to a mixture of iron(III) chloride and iron(III) oxide, which are brown-yellow. It dissolves in water to make a yellowish-green solution. It is a reducing agent. It reacts with bases to make greenish iron(II) hydroxide. 

It is made by dissolving iron in hydrochloric acid. It can also be made by reacting iron with iron(III) chloride. Some other reducing agents react with iron(III) chloride to make iron(II) chloride.

It does not have common uses. Iron(II) sulfate and iron(III) chloride are used more often. It is used in treating wastewater. It can be used as a reducing agent in organic chemistry. 


Iron chloride

Iron chloride may refer to either of these chemicals:


V10 engine

A V10 engine, often just called a V10, is an internal combustion engine with 10 cylinders. The engine has five cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V"-shaped angle. All ten pistons turn a common crankshaft. A V10 engine can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel and natural gas.

Until recently, V10s had rarely been used for road cars. A V12 runs smoother and is only a little harder to build. A V8 is easier to build and costs less to run. New technology has made the use of V10 engines more practical.

Dodge designed a V10 for use in trucks. The engine was revised and used in the Dodge Viper. Ford developed a heavy-duty V10 engine for use in their trucks. 

European car builders later adopted the V10 configuration. High power V10 engines were put into supercars from Lamborghini and Porsche. BMW and Audi then added V10s to their mid-range cars. Volkswagen developed a V10 turbodiesel engine.

The largest use of the V10 engines has been in Formula One racing. Alfa Romeo made the first modern Formula One V10 in 1986, but it was never used in a race car. Later the V10 was introduced by Honda and Renault before the season. After turbochargers were banned, the V10 engine was often used. V10 engines were the only type used from the 1998 season. V10s were banned for the season and Formula One teams started using V8 engines. 

There are other cars with V10 engines in auto racing. The most common is the Judd engine. 

Iron(II) sulfate

Iron(II) sulfate, also known as ferrous sulfate or copperas, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is FeSO. It is made of iron and sulfate ions. The iron is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is a blue-green crystalline solid when hydrated and white when anhydrous. It is a reducing agent. It reacts with oxygen in the air to produce a brown coating of iron(III) sulfate and iron(III) oxide. This coating is very corrosive. It dissolves in water to make a blue-green solution. When it is heated strongly, it breaks down into sulfur dioxide, sulfur trioxide, and iron(III) oxide. It reacts with nitric acid to make nitric oxide. It also reacts with chlorine to make iron(III) sulfate and iron(III) chloride.

Iron(II) sulfate is found as a mineral. The greenish heptahydrate is the most common. It is made when sulfide minerals like pyrite are oxidized to sulfate. 

It is made by reacting iron with sulfuric acid. This reaction makes hydrogen gas and leaves behind iron(II) sulfate. It can also be made by oxidation of pyrite, an iron sulfide material. according to Pankaj law

It is used to get the necessary iron in foods. It can reduce chromate in cement to harmless chromium compounds like chromium(III) oxide. It was also used to make ink. It can be used to color concrete. 


Iron(III) sulfate

Iron(III) sulfate, also known as ferric sulfate, is a chemical compound. It has iron in its +3 oxidation state and sulfate ions. 

It is a white to yellow to pale purple crystalline solid. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It dissolves in water to make an acidic solution.

It is found as a mixed iron(III) aluminium sulfate. This is the anhydrous form. Several hydrated forms are found, too. Much more iron(III) sulfate is found in Mars. One of the rovers that travel on Mars got stuck in a pit of iron(III) sulfate and could not get out.

It is made by mixing sulfuric acid, iron(II) sulfate, and an oxidizing agent like nitric acid or hydrogen peroxide together. It is made when iron(III) oxide reacts with sulfuric acid. It is also made when iron(II) sulfate is oxidized by exposure to oxygen.

It is used as a mordant in dyeing. It is also used to coagulate waste to remove the toxic parts. It is also used in baths to clean metals. It can be used as a pigment. It is used as an astringent in medicine. It stops bleeding.


jnk

Chromate

Chromate is an ion that contains one chromium atom (in its +6 oxidation state) and four oxide atoms. Its formula is CrO. Its overall charge is -2. Dichromate is similar, but it contains two chromium atoms and seven oxide atoms (therefore, CrO).

Chromate and dichromate are strongly oxidizing in acidic conditions, but weakly oxidizing in basic conditions. Chromates are generally bright yellow, while dichromates are generally orange or red. They can be made by reaction of chromium(III) oxide and a metal oxide in a basic environment. They can be destroyed by reaction with reducing agents. The oxygen in the air boosts the chromium atom's oxidation state from +3 to +6. 

Chromates and dichromates are harmful when powdered because the dust is carcinogenic (it can cause cancer). This can be avoided by reducing chromate with something like iron(II) sulfate.




Chromium(III) oxide

Chromium(III) oxide is a dark green chemical that has a formula of CrO. It is composed of chromium in its +3 oxidation state and oxide ions. It can react with other metal oxides in basic conditions to make chromates. It is made from chromium ore and is part of the process for making chromium metal. It was used as a pigment. It dissolves in acid to produce chromium(III) salts, such as chromium(III) chloride. Stainless steel's corrosion resistance is based on this compound. A thin layer of this compound forms on the surface of the stainless steel. It prevents the rest of the steel from oxidizing.


Chromium(III) chloride

Chromium(III) chloride is a chemical compound composed of chromium in its +3 oxidation state and chloride ions. It is green when hydrated (attached to water molecules) and purple when anhydrous (not attached to water molecules). It can be formed by dissolving chromium in hydrochloric acid or by dissolving chromium(III) oxide in hydrochloric acid. Chromium in its +3 oxidation state is much less toxic than chromium in its +6 oxidation state, such as chromates.


Mike Tomlak

Michael Richard Tomlak (born October 17, 1964 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey centre who played four seasons for the Hartford Whalers of the National Hockey League.

Tomlak was drafted 208th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft. He played 141 career NHL games, scoring 15 goals and 22 assists for 37 points.

Ralph Stewart

Ralph Donald Stewart (born December 2, 1948 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 251 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Vancouver Canucks and New York Islanders.

Potassium chromate

Potassium chromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KCrO. It has potassium and chromate ions.

It is a yellow crystalline solid. It is an oxidizing agent in an acidic condition. It is toxic though, because it contains chromium in its +6 oxidation state. It can be destroyed by reaction with reducing agents. It is very rarely found in the ground. It reacts with lead nitrate to make lead chromate, a yellow pigment. 

It is made by reacting chromium trioxide with potassium hydroxide. It can also be made by oxidation of potassium hydroxide and chromium(III) oxide.

Potassium chromate is found very rarely as a mineral. It dissolves easily in water. It is only found in very dry places.

It is used to test for chloride ions. It can also be used to make lead chromate for paint.

Potassium chromate is very toxic. It is a carcinogen. It reacts with reducing agents violently when in acid. 


Sodium chromate

Sodium chromate is a chemical compound composed of sodium ions and chromate ions. It is a bright yellow crystal chemical. It is similar to potassium chromate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is toxic because it contains chromium in the +6 oxidation state. It can be destroyed by reaction with a reducing agent, converting it to harmless chromium in the +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is NaCrO.


Clockwork radio

A windup radio is a device that uses the energy of a spring to generate electricity to power the radio. The spring receives its energy by someone winding it up from handle.


Mechanically powered torch

A mechanically powered torch is a torch that is powered by mechanical movement, such as winding a spring and using the stored energy to power it for a small amount of time. It has the advantage of not needing batteries to operate.


Alkaline battery

An alkaline battery is usually a primary cell (it cannot be recharged), but some are rechargeable. It is very common. Duracell, Rayovac, and Energizer are common brands of alkaline batteries. They were introduced in the 1960s and replaced the Leclanche battery as the "everyday battery" in the 1990s. They are marketed in many forms, such as AAA, AA, C, D, 9V, and small disc cells for watches and calculators. In the battery, zinc is oxidized by manganese dioxide in a potassium hydroxide electrolyte.


Leclanche battery

A Leclanche battery or Leclanche cell is a primary cell (it cannot be recharged). It was invented by the French engineer George Leclanché around 1866. It used to be the "everyday battery", but it has been replaced by the alkaline battery for most applications. It has much lower power than the alkaline battery, but it is cheaper to make. It is still used for low-power applications such as clocks, low-wattage flashlights, and remote controls. It is lighter than the alkaline battery and can be easily found in general stores. It is normally marketed with the label "Extra Heavy Duty" or "Super Heavy Duty" on it, meaning that some of the electrolytes have been replaced to make it longer lasting. It works by the oxidation of zinc by manganese dioxide. It has a zinc chloride or ammonium chloride electrolyte.



Electrolyte

An electrolyte is a chemical that conducts electrical current. It is used in batteries to make the ions flow, producing current. Electrolytes ionize when dissolved in suitable solvents such as water. Most soluble salts, acids, and bases are electrolytes. 

An electrolyte used in "electrolytic cells" carries the ions between the electrodes of the cell. Electrolytic cells may be used to extract constituent elements and compounds contained in the solution.

A correct concentration of electrolytes is important to physiology.


Manganese dioxide

Manganese dioxide, also known as manganese(IV) oxide, is a chemical compound of manganese and oxygen. It contains manganese in the +4 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is black and powdery. It is used as a depolarizer in alkaline batteries and Leclanche batteries. It is found naturally as the mineral pyrolusite.


Ironic (song)

"Ironic" is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard. It was produced by Glen Ballard for Morissette's third album, "Jagged Little Pill". It was released as the album's fourth single in 1996. The song received a Grammy nomination in 1997 for Record of the Year.

"Ironic" became Morissette's second number-one hit on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart in the United States. It stayed there for three weeks. The song became Morissette's highest-charting hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at number four. It is one of only two songs by Morissette to crack the top-ten on that chart, the other being "You Learn", backed with a live version of "You Oughta Know", which reached number six. Both songs were from "Jagged Little Pill". In other countries, "Ironic" wasn't as successful. It was still a moderate Top 20 hit in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number 11. It is considered to be one of Morissette's biggest hits. The song also received critical praise at the time of its release. "Ironic" is still popular today, mainly because there are still debates surrounding the lyrics of the song, and whether the examples mentioned in the song actually qualify as being ironic.

The pop-punk band Four Year Strong covered the song in their 90's cover album "Explains It All."

Super Crazy

Francisco Pantoja Rueda (born on December 3, 1973 in Tulancingo, Hidalgo, Mexico) is an Mexican professional wrestler who is best known for the time he spent the WWE under the ring name, Super Crazy.

Super Crazy has also worked for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and it was there where he gained American attention.

Super Crazy is currently wrestling on the Independent circuit under the organization, "Pro Wrestling Guerrilla".

Permanganate

Permanganate is an ion that contains one manganese ion in an oxidation state of +7 and 4 oxide atoms. It is a strong oxidizing agent. Permanganates are purple-black. Permanganates stain because they are easily reduced to brown-black manganese dioxide.



The Velvet Underground &amp; Nico

The Velvet Underground & Nico is the first album by American rock band The Velvet Underground. It is said to be one of the greatest albums ever made. "Rolling Stone" ranked it the 13th best album of all time. The album was produced by famous artist Andy Warhol. Some of the songs talked about drugs, prostitution and sex. They were very controversial back then that radio stations won't play any of their songs.

"All songs written by Lou Reed unless otherwise noted."



Lithium battery

A lithium battery is a long-life, lightweight, high-power battery used in watches, medical devices, camera flashes, electronic car keys, alarm systems, and many other devices. It is normally in the shape of a coin. As the name suggests, the battery has lithium in it. The lithium is oxidized, providing the power for the battery. They are not rechargeable; once they are dead they should be thrown out. A lithium battery is different from a lithium-ion battery. They are rechargeable and are used in phones, portable computers, and other items like that. Lithium batteries come in several sizes. The size is indicated by a code. CR1216 is a small battery, while CR2012 is medium-sized and CR2450 is large. They are normally more expensive than other batteries.


Lithium-ion battery

A lithium-ion battery is a lightweight, high-power battery used in computers and mobile phones. It comes in several shapes, although a flat rectangle is most common. It is lighter than the nickel cadmium battery and the nickel metal-hydride battery. That makes it useful for devices that should be lightweight. Lithium-ion batteries work by the movement of lithium ions through a membrane (thin sheet that allows some substances to pass through). They are different from lithium batteries. Lithium batteries contain lithium metal and are not rechargeable (primary cells). Lithium-ion batteries do not contain lithium metal (only lithium compounds) and are rechargeable (secondary cells). They also do not last forever. Traditional lithium-ion batteries will have an average of 600 charge cycles. Some newer versions such as lithium iron phosphate and lithium titanate can last for 3000 cycles or more.

Lithium-ion batteries can be very dangerous. They can catch fire or explode if they are punctured, overcharged, or short-circuited, or if there is a manufacturing defect. In a multi-cell battery pack, the fire can spread from one cell to another, consuming the entire pack. The fire cannot be put out with a fire extinguisher or water. Flaming electrolyte can be ejected from the battery, setting fire to nearby combustible material. Many products have been recalled due to defective lithium-ion batteries.


White Light/White Heat

White Light/White Heat is the second studio album by the American rock band The Velvet Underground.

All songs written by Lou Reed unless otherwise noted.


Sweetness (song)

"Sweetness" is a 2002 song recorded by the alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World. "Sweetness" was on their 2001 album "Bleed American". It was also featured in the ice hockey video game, "NHL 2003".

Glycerine (song)

"Glycerine" is the fourth single by the post-grunge band Bush. "Glycerine" reached number one for two weeks in December of 1996. It was Bush's biggest pop hit, peaking at number 28 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on February 24, 1996 and the Hot 100 Airplay on January 27, 1996. The song is notable for not featuring any drums.


The Velvet Underground (album)

The Velvet Underground is the third album by American rock group The Velvet Underground.

All tracks written by Lou Reed.


Loaded (The Velvet Underground album)

Loaded is the fourth album by the Velvet Underground.

All songs written by Lou Reed (except for a song on the 2-CD version, "Ride into the Sun", which was written by Reed, John Cale, Sterling Morrison and Maureen Tucker).



V8 engine

A V8 engine often just called a V8 is an internal combustion engine with 8 cylinders. The engine has four cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V" shaped angle. In most engines, the two banks are at a right angle (90°) to each other, but some engines use a narrower angle. All eight pistons turn a common crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel, natural gas and alcohol.

Generally, V8s are only available on more powerful cars, pickup trucks, and SUVs. The traditional 90° large V8 engine is generally too wide and too long to fit easily in vehicles with a front-wheel drive layout, so its application is mostly limited to rear-wheel drive cars and trucks. 

V8s are common in purpose-designed engines for racing cars. They are a common engine configuration in the highest levels of auto racing. The V8 engine is used in the United States where it is required in IRL and NASCAR. V8s engines are also used in Australian auto racing, most notably in the V8 Supercars. Formula One began the 2006 season using V8 engines, which replaced the V10. Formula One made this change to reduce costs and lower power. However Formula One replaced V8 with V6 Turbo in 2014

V8 engines are also used in large truck and industrial equipment. V8s were an early choice for airplane engines. Modern aircraft seldom used V8s because the heavy weight reduces performance.


Ammonium

Ammonium is an ion. It is an ammonia molecule, NH, protonated (with a hydrogen ion added) to make NH. It bonds with negative ions such as chloride to make salts such as ammonium chloride. Ammonium is slightly reducing so it can react with strong oxidizing agents.


Protonation

Protonation is the addition of a hydrogen ion to a substance. A hydrogen atom normally contains 1 proton and 1 electron. When the hydrogen atom is oxidized, it loses its electron, leaving a H. The H is the same as a proton. Substances are protonated when hydrogen ions are added to them. For example, when ammonia (NH) is protonated, it forms ammonium ions, NH. A substance is protonated by a substance more acidic than it. The acidic substance is deprotonated.


Deprotonation

Deprotonation is the removal of a hydrogen ion from a substance. A hydrogen atom normally contains 1 proton and 1 electron. When it is oxidized, it loses the electron, turning it into a hydrogen ion. A hydrogen cation is the same as a proton. Substances are deprotonated by other substances more basic than themselves. The base itself is protonated.


Stink bomb

A stink bomb is a packet that, when pressed, releases bad odors. A common ingredient in stink bombs is ammonium sulfide. They are used for practical jokes on other people. Some use it to imitate farting, and some use them to embarrass other people, by placing them in the seat of their pants. When the targeted person sits, the stink bomb releases bad odors, similar to menthol. Stink bombs do expire, since the longer they are not used the less effective they are. Stink bombs do have guides. Stink bombs are also lightly regulated, since some can have toxic waste inside. it is similar to an instant cold pack.


Ammonium chloride

Ammonium chloride is a chemical compound composed of ammonium and chloride ions. It is a colorless crystalline compound. It is used in soldering. It is also used as an electrolyte in the Leclanche cell, a type of primary cell. Ammonium chloride can be deprotonated by strong bases such as sodium hydroxide to produce ammonia gas.It is sublime compound.

Necro (rapper)

Ron Raphael Braunstein is an American rapper, producer, director, and Label CEO better known by his stage name, Necro. His stage name is derived from the Slayer song, "Necrophobic". Necro invented the term "death rap" which he describes as ultraviolent hip hop. Necro is the younger brother of other local rapper, Ill Bill. He is a Jew of Israeli and Romanian ethnicity.

Necro has released 9 studio albums:
He has also been involved in controversy which includes a riot that erupted at one of his shows when he didn't show up in Vancouver, British Columbia, Necro being fined $3000 for fracturing a man's jaw in Perth, Western Australia, being sued by Ani DiFranco after he sampled one of her songs and his music was connected to a murder in London, Ontario because the murderer was a fan of Necro and was inspired by his song "Garbage Bag".


Zinc chloride

Zinc chloride is a chemical compound. It contains zinc and chloride ions. The zinc is in the +2 oxidation state, the only oxidation state zinc has. Its chemical formula is ZnCl.

It is a colorless crystal compound. It dissolves in water. It reacts with bases to make zinc hydroxide.

Zinc chloride can be made by reacting zinc with hydrochloric acid. In this reaction, hydrogen gas is also produced. It can also be made by reacting zinc with chlorine.

It is used in the making of chemicals, textile processing, and the electrolyte of the Leclanche cell. Cells containing this chemical are marketed as "Super Heavy Duty" or "Extra Heavy Duty". 

Zinc chloride irritates skin and the respiratory tract. 


Wet cell

A wet cell is a cell that contains a liquid electrolyte. Most batteries have a paste electrolyte. Car batteries have a liquid electrolyte. They are inconvenient because the electrolyte can be spilled. Most early batteries had liquid electrolytes. People still use wet cells where they need high power, such as in cars.


Mercury battery

A mercury battery is a primary cell. It has similar performance to, but is much cheaper than, silver oxide batteries. Its disadvantage is that it contains toxic mercury, which pollutes the environment. This battery uses the oxidation of zinc by mercury(II) oxide to generate electricity. It has either sodium hydroxide or potassium hydroxide as the electrolyte. Mercury batteries used to be common but have become increasingly restricted.

Some advantages of mercury batteries are their very long life and steady voltage. 


Silver oxide battery

Silver oxide batteries are primary cells. They are generally found in small sizes. They are expensive because they contain silver, but do not have toxic mercury like the cheaper mercury battery. They generate electricity by oxidation of zinc with silver(I) oxide. It has a basic electrolyte, usually potassium hydroxide or sodium hydroxide.

Some chemical reactions happen during discharging:


E.T. the Extra Terrestrial (video game)

E.T. the Extra Terrestrial is a 1982 adventure video game that was developed, published and distributed by Atari, Inc. It is based on the movie of the same name. The game was for the Atari 2600 and was planned for the Atari 5200 but was cancelled. "E.T." is often considered to be one of the worst video games of all time, and was claimed to be the reason for Atari's massive financial losses during 1983 and 1984. The unsold cartridges of the game were buried in a landfill in New Mexico and was cited as one of the reasons for the video game industry crash of 1983. In 2014, many of the cartridges were excavated from the landfill.



Mercury(II) oxide

Mercury(II) oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgO. It has mercury and oxide ions. The mercury is in the +2 oxidation state.

It is a red or yellow solid. It is very toxic and corrosive. It reacts violently with some reducing agents, as it is an oxidizing agent. It reacts with acids to make other mercury(II) salts like mercury(II) chloride. It breaks down when heated to make mercury and oxygen.

It can be made by heating mercury and oxygen at . It can also be made by heating mercury(II) nitrate. This makes the red form. The yellow form is made by reacting a mercury(II) salt with a strong base.

It can be used to make other mercury(II) salts. It is used in mercury batteries. It is much cheaper than the silver(I) oxide used in silver oxide batteries.


Silver(I) oxide

Silver(I) oxide is a chemical compound with the formula AgO. It is a fine black or dark brown powder. It is composed of silver in the +1 oxidation state. It is used in silver oxide batteries to oxidize the zinc, providing the electrical current. It is more expensive than the mercury(II) oxide used in mercury batteries but much less toxic and less damaging to the environment. It can react violently with reducing agents. 


Household ammonia

Household ammonia is a marketed substance that consists of a dilute solution of ammonia in water. About 7% of the solution by weight is ammonia. It is used for cleaning. It can also be known as ammonium hydroxide, but it really exists in the form NH + HO rather than NH + OH.


Cape York Peninsula

Cape York Peninsula is a large remote peninsula in the far north of Queensland, Australia. It is the largest unspoilt wilderness in eastern Australia and one of the last remaining wilderness areas on Earth. The area is mostly flat and about half is used for grazing cattle. Much of the wildlife is threatened by introduced species and weeds. However, the eucalyptus wooded savannah, tropical rainforests, and other types of habitat are now recognized as being globally important.
The Cape York Peninsula region covers an area of about 137,000 km² north of 16°S latitude. From the tip of the peninsula, Cape York, it is about to New Guinea across the island and coral reefs of Torres Strait.

The west coast is bordered by the Gulf of Carpentaria and the east coast by the Coral Sea. There is no clear border to the south, but the boundary in the Cape York Peninsula Heritage Act 2007 of Queensland follows the 16°S latitude.

At the peninsula’s widest point, it is 430 km from the Bloomfield River, on the east coast, to the Aboriginal community of Kowanyama on the west coast. It is some 660 km from the southern border, to the tip of Cape York. The largest islands in the Torres Strait include Prince of Wales Island, Horn Island, Moa, and Badu Island.

Cape York is the northernmost point on the Australian continent. It was named by Lieutenant James Cook on 21 August, 1770, after Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany. The Duke was a brother of King George III of the United Kingdom, and died from illness in 1767 when he was only 20 years old:

The tropical landscapes are among the most stable in the world. There has been no tectonic activity for millions of years. The peninsula is an extremely eroded, almost level, low plain with mighty meandering rivers and vast floodplains. There are some very low hills, about 800m above sea level in the McIlwraith Range on the eastern side around Coen.

Part of Australia’s Great Dividing Range, the Peninsula Ridge, is like a backbone along the peninsula. This mountain range is made up of ancient (1,500 million year-old) Precambrian and Palaeozoic rocks. To the east and west of the Peninsula Ridge lie the Carpentaria and Laura Basins, themselves made up of ancient Mesozoic sediments. There are several important landforms on the peninsula: the large area of undisturbed sand dunes on the east coast around Shelburne Bay and Cape Bedford-Cape Flattery; the huge piles of black granite boulders at Black Mountain National Park and Cape Melville; and the limestone karsts around Palmerston in the south.

The soils are poor, even compared to other areas of Australia. They are ancient and weathered, not suitable for ploughing and do not respond to fertilizers. Because of the poor soil, the region is thinly settled. Attempts to grow commercial crops have usually failed.

The climate on Cape York Peninsula is tropical and monsoonal. The heavy monsoon season is from November to April, during which time the forest becomes almost inhabitable. The dry season is from May to October. The temperature is warm to hot, with a cooler climate in higher areas. The mean annual temperatures range from 18 °C at higher elevations to 27 °C on the lowlands in the drier southwest. Temperatures over 40 °C and below 5 °C are rare.

Annual rainfall is high, ranging from over 2000 mm. in the Iron Range and north of Weipa to about 700 mm. at the southern border. Most of this rain falls between November and April. Only on the eastern slopes of the Iron Range is the median rainfall between June and September above 5mm (0.2 inches). Between January and March, however, the median monthly rainfall ranges from about 170mm (6.5 inches) in the south to over 500mm (20 inches) in the north and on the Iron Range.

The Peninsula Ridge forms the drainage divide between the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Coral Sea. To the west, large, winding river systems including the Mitchell, Coleman, Holroyd, Archer, Watson, Wenlock, Ducie and Jardine flow into the Gulf of Carpentaria. During the Dry season, those rivers become a series of waterholes and sandy beds. Yet, with the heavy rains in the Wet season, they become mighty waterways, spreading across huge floodplains and coastal wetlands and giving life to many freshwater and wetland species.

On the Eastern slopes, the shorter, faster-flowing Jacky Jacky Creek, Olive, Pascoe, Lockhart, Stewart, Jeannie and Endeavour Rivers flow towards the Coral Sea. These provide important freshwater and nutrients to the healthiest section of the Great Barrier Reef. Along their banks, those wild, undisturbed rivers are lined with dense rainforests, sand dunes or mangroves.

The floodplains of the Laura Basin are now protected in the Lakefield and Jack River National Parks. The plains are crossed by the Morehead, Hann, North Kennedy, Laura, Jack and Normanby Rivers.

The Peninsula’s rivers are famous for their hydrological integrity. This means that they are still in their natural state, with water flows and vegetation unchanged. Cape York Peninsula is one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain unchanged. Cape York Peninsula has as much as a quarter of Australia's surface runoff. With less than 3% of Australia's land area it produces more run-off than all of Australia south of the Tropic of Capricorn. The peninsula’s rivers are also important as they put water back into central Australia’s Great Artesian Basin. The Queensland Government is planning to protect 13 of Cape York Peninsula’s wild rivers under the Wild Rivers Act 2005.

Around 40 million years ago, the Indo-Australian tectonic plate began to split apart from the ancient supercontinent Gondwana. As it crashed into the Pacific Plate on its northward journey, the high mountain ranges of central New Guinea were made around 5 million years ago. Protected from this collision zone, the ancient rocks of what is now Cape York Peninsula were did not move.

During the Pleistocene epoch Australia and New Guinea have been land-linked and separated by water a number of times. During the ice ages with their low sea levels, Cape York Peninsula was a low-lying land bridge. Another link existed between Arnhem Land and New Guinea, at times making a big freshwater lake, Lake Carpentaria, in the centre of what is now the Gulf of Carpentaria. In this way, Australia and New Guinea were joined until the shallow Torres Strait was last flooded around 8,000 years ago.

Cape York Peninsula has a range of intact tropical rainforests, tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannahs, and shrublands, tropical savannahs, heath lands, wetlands, wild rivers and mangrove swamps. These are home to about 3300 species of flowering plants. Almost all of the Cape York Peninsula (99.6%) still has its native vegetation. Cape York Peninsula also contains one of the highest rates of endemism in Australia, with more than 260 endemic plant species found so far. Because of this, parts of the Peninsula have been noted for their very high wilderness quality. The plants of the peninsula includes original Gondwanan species, plants that have developed since the breakup of Gondwana and species from Indo-Malaya and from across the Torres Strait in New Guinea. Most variety is in the rainforest areas. Most of the Cape York Peninsula is drier than New Guinea which stops the rainforest plants of that island from moving across to Australia.

Most of the Cape York Peninsula is covered in grass and woodlands. These have a tall, thick grass layer and scattered trees, mostly eucalypts. The most common tree is the Darwin stringybark. Although common and complete on the peninsula, tropical savannahs are now rare and in poor condition in other parts of the world.

Tropical rainforests cover an area of 748,000 ha, or 5.6 percent of the total land area of Cape York Peninsula. Rainforests need some rainfall during the long Dry season. These conditions are mostly on the eastern slopes of the Cape’s coastal ranges. These are old-growth forests and support a huge range of plants. These rainforests are of high conservation significance. The largest rainforest area on the Cape is in the McIllwraith Range-Iron Range area. The Gondwanan plants of this area includes Araucariaceae and Podocarpaceae conifers and Arthrochilus, Corybas, and Calochilus orchids. This rainforest has at least 1000 different plants, including 100 rare or threatened species, and 16% of Australia's orchid species.

On poor, dry soils there are tropical heathlands. Northeast Cape York Peninsula has Australia’s largest areas of this highly diverse ecosystem.

The big wetlands on Cape York Peninsula are “among the largest, richest and most diverse in Australia”. 19 wetlands of national significance have been identified, mostly on the large floodplains and in coastal areas. Important wetlands include the Jardine River National Park, Lakefield National Park and the estuaries of the great rivers of the western plains. Many of these wetland only happen during the Wet season and have rare or uncommon plant types.

The Peninsula’s coastal areas and river estuaries are lined with mangrove forests of kwila and other trees. Australia’s largest mangrove forest is at Newcastle Bay.

The Cape has lots of animals, with more than 700 vertebrate land animal species . Of these, 40 live only here. Because of its geological history, the plants and animals "of Cape York Peninsula are a complex mixture of Gondwanan relics, Australian isolationists and Asian or New Guinean invaders” (p. 41). Birds include Buff-breasted Buttonquail (Turnix olivii), Golden-shouldered Parrot "(Psephotus chrysopterygius)", Lovely Fairywren "(Malurus amabilis)", White-streaked Honeyeater "(Trichodere cockerelli)", and Yellow-spotted Honeyeater "(Meliphaga notata)". Some, such as Pied Oystercatcher, live in other parts of Australia but have important populations on the peninsula. The Cape is also home to the Eastern brown snake, one of the world's most venomous snakes. Mammals include the endangered rodent Bramble Cay Melomys, which lives only on Bramble Cay in the Torres Strait.

The rainforests of the Iron Range have species that also live in New Guinea, including the Eclectus Parrot and Southern Common Cuscus. Other rainforest animals includes 200 species of butterfly including 11 endemic butterflies one of which is the huge Green Birdwing, the Green Tree Python and the Northern Quoll. Number of this forest marsupial have dropped because they have tried to eat the introduced poisonous cane toads.

The riverbanks of the lowlands are home to specific wildlife of their own. The rivers including the Jardine, Jackson, Olive, Holroyd and the Wenlock are rich in fish. The wetlands and coastal mangroves are noted for their importance as a fish nursery and crocodile habitat, providing important drought refuge. The Great Barrier Reef is off the east coast and is an important marine habitat.

Cattle farms use about 57% of the total area, mostly in central and eastern Cape York Peninsula. About 20% is indigenous land, with the entire West coast being held under Native title. The remainder is mostly National Park and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service. Land uses include broad acre pastoralism, bauxite and silica sand mining, nature reserves, tourism and fishing. There are big deposits of bauxite along the west or Gulf of Carpentaria coast. Weipa is the centre for mining. Much has been damaged by overgrazing, mining, fires, wild pigs, cane toads, weeds, and other introduced species. But Cape York Peninsula remains fairly unspoilt with intact and healthy river systems and no recorded plant or animal extinction since European settlement.

The "Cape York Peninsula Land Use Strategy" study, by the Australian government in 1990, created plans to protect the wilderness. A nomination for World Natural Heritage is currently being looked at by the Queensland and Australian Federal governments. Major national parks include the Jardine River National Park in the far north, Mungkan Kandju National Park near Aurukun, and Lakefield National Park in the southeast of the bioregion.

The first known contact between Europeans and Aborigines took place on the west coast of the peninsula in 1606. It was not settled by Europeans until the 19th century when fishing communities, then cattle ranches and later mining towns were started. European settlement led to the displacement of Aboriginal communities and the arrival of Torres Strait Islanders on the mainland. Today the peninsula has about 18,000 people. About 60% of them are Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders.

The administrative and commercial centre for much of Cape York Peninsula is Cooktown, in its far southeastern corner. The peninsula’s largest settlement is the mining town Weipa on the Gulf of Carpentaria. Most of the Peninsula has few people, with half the people living in very small settlements and cattle ranches. Along the Peninsula Developmental Road, there are small service centres at Lakeland, Laura and Coen. At the tip of Cape York, there is a sizeable service centre on nearby Thursday Island. Aboriginal communities are at Hopevale, Pormpuraaw, Kowanyama, Aurukun, Lockhart River, Napranum, Mapoon, Injinoo, New Mapoon and Umagico. Torres Strait Islander communities on the mainland are at Bamaga and Seisia. A completely sealed inland road links Cairns and the Atherton Tableland to Lakeland Downs and Cooktown. The road north of Lakeland Downs to the tip of the Peninsula is sometimes cut after heavy rains during the wet season (roughly December to May).

The Peninsula is a popular with tourists in the Dry Season for camping, hiking, birdwatching and fishing. Many people make the adventurous, but rewarding, drive to the tip of Cape York, the northernmost point of mainland Australia.

Some of the world's most extensive and ancient Aboriginal rock painting galleries surround the town of Laura, some of which are available for public viewing. There is also a new Interpretive Centre from which information on the rock art and local culture is available and tours can be arranged.
Further references


Crankshaft

The crankshaft, sometimes casually called the "crank", is the part of an engine which changes the up and down motion of the pistons into rotation. To convert the motion, the crankshaft has one or more offset shafts. The pistons are connected to the crankshaft by these shafts. When the piston moves up and down, it pushes the offset shaft. This in turn rotates the crankshaft.

The pistons cause a pulsing affect in the rotation. A crankshaft usually connects to a flywheel. The flywheel smooths out the rotation. Sometimes there is a torsion or vibration damper on the other end of the crankshaft. This helps reduce vibrations of the crankshaft. 

Large engines usually have several cylinders. This helps to reduce pulsations from individual firing strokes. For some engines it is necessary to provide counterweights. The counterweight is used to offset the piston and improve balance. While counterweights add a lot of weight to the crankshaft, it provides a smoother running engine. This allows higher RPMs to be reached and more power produced.


Motorboat

A motorboat or speedboat is a boat which is powered by an engine (also commonly called a "motor"). Some motorboats, especially those used for water skiing, may have two engines. Some motorboats are made with inboard engines built in; others attach an outboard motor containing the internal combustion engine, the gearbox and the propeller in one portable unit.

An inboard/outboard contains a hybrid of a powerplant and an outboard, where the engine is installed inside the boat, and the gearbox and propeller are outside.

Thongchai McIntyre

Thongchai "Bird" McIntyre, who was born as Albert Thongchai McIntyre on December 8, 1958, is a Thai pop singer and actor. He released his debut album in 1986. He is the most successful singer in Thailand, as he sold more than 20 million albums. He is also sometimes called the following names:

Thongchai McIntyre, or "Bird Thongchai", is best known for his "string (Thai pop)" and "luk thung music". He is also known for acting in numerous films, on the television, musicals, and in commercials.

Thongchai McIntyre was born in Bangkok in 1958. His parents were James and Udom McIntyre. He lived in a family of musicians, and so, he enjoyed an upbringing in a musical environment. His father died when Bird was still a child. He started working in a bank as an officer. During that time, he had a chance to meet the famous Thai TV producer, "Kai Varayuth", who saw entertainment talent in Bird. Bird played his first TV series with Kai while still working in the bank. This task showed his talent. His most memorable roles were those of "Captain Kobori" from "Koo Kam", which was a tragic love story between a Japanese soldier (played by Bird) and a local Thai girl during the World War II. In both, he starred in a television series, and he reprised his role in the 1996 film adaptation, "Sunset at Chaophraya".

He reached the top of his musical career in the early nineties. Some of Bird's best-known songs are "Duay Rak Lae Pook Pan", "Koo Gud", "Sabai Sabai" and "Kob Jai Jing Jing". His popular singles released recently include luk thung singles "Mah Tummai" (with Jintara Poonlarp), "Fan Ja" (with Jintara and Jarin B. (Joey Boy), Nat Myria Benedetti and Katreeya English), "Lao Su Kan Fang", and "Yak Tham Kor Tob" and "Mai Kang Ying Pae" from his album "Volume One". Westerners became aware of him in the mid nineties as he became the first Thai artist to receive an International MTV Award, be featured in the most high budget Thai film at the time, "Sunset at Chaopraya" (which reached international acclaim in Japan as well as the United States). He was featured on CNN and Variety magazine. An award winning documentary on his life entitled "Crossing Borders" directed by Phanjanit Garnploog can be seen at St. John's University in New York which includes rare interviews with the director. In 2010, Bird made his first international tour in Los Angeles and the 50th Anniversary of Lincoln Center in New York. It marks the first time in history a Thai pop artist has made an international tour. His Grammy label mates have previously only performed at local venues. 

In late 2007, he released another album entitled "Simply Bird", which features songs such as Chuay Rap Tee and Mee Tae Kid Tueng.

Albums and Singles



Compilations




Don't Look Back in Anger

"Don't Look Back in Anger" is a song by English rock band Oasis. It was released in 1996 as the fourth single from their second album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". The song was written by the band's former guitarist and main songwriter, Noel Gallagher. The song became the band's second single to reach #1 in the UK Singles Chart. It also went platinum. "Don't Look Back in Anger" was also the first Oasis single to feature Noel on lead vocals instead of his brother, Liam Gallagher.

The single cover is showing respects to the incident where Ringo Starr briefly left The Beatles during the recording of The White Album.

The B-side "Step Out" was originally intended for the (What's the Story) Morning Glory? album but was taken off after Stevie Wonder requested 10% of the royalties as the chorus like his hit "Uptight (Everything's Alright)". Henry Cosby and Sylvia Moy received credit for writing the song along with Noel.

"Don't Look Back in Anger" was met with high critical praise and it became a commercial hit.






Rover 800 Series

The Rover 800 Series is a car produced by Rover. It replaced the SD1 in 1986 and launched first as a saloon with a liftback appearing in 1988. It was given a minor redesign in late 1991 with a coupe model added in early 1992, it was replaced in 1999 with the 75. The 800 Series was based on the platform of the Honda Legend.



Edward Bairstow

Sir Edward Bairstow (born Huddersfield, 22 August 1874; died York 1 May 1946) was an English composer and organist. He was an important influence in 20th century Anglican church music.

Bairstow learned the organ at Balliol College, Oxford, and while articled under Frederick Bridge of Westminster Abbey he was taught by Walter Alcock. He studied organ and theory at the University of Durham. His first jobs were at the parish churches of Wigan and then Leeds. In 1913 he became organist of York Minster (the cathedral in York). He kept this job until his death. He was knighted in 1932.

Most of Bairstow's compositions are for church services. He wrote 29 anthems. It includes the famous "Blessed city, heavenly Salem" It has a very dramatic organ accompaniment. It is about the heavenly city where the souls of people who have died will go. Two other popular anthems "I sat down under his shadow" and "Let all mortal flesh keep silence", both of which are for unaccompanied choir. He also composed service settings, psalm chants, hymn tunes, and a cantata, "The Prodigal Son", for choir and chamber orchestra.


Neutralization

Neutralization occurs when a base is reacted with an acid. The OH ions in the base react with the H ions in the acid to form HO, water. In this reaction, the base is protonated and the acid is (deprotonation|deprotonated). To neutralise a substance (e.g alkali substance), you must put an equal amount of an acid into the alkali in order for it to become neutral(also known as pH 7). Titration uses neutralization to measure chemical concentrations.


Chloralkali process

The chloralkali process is a process used to create sodium hydroxide, chlorine, and hydrogen from sodium chloride and water. It is normally conducted in a tank separated by a membrane, although there are other methods, such as using mercury. If potassium chloride or calcium chloride is used instead, potassium hydroxide and calcium hydroxide are produced. When the membrane is not in place, hypochlorites are formed. If it is heated, chlorates are formed. 

The process is fueled by electrolysis. It can be done in the laboratory. 


Calcium hydroxide

Calcium hydroxide, also known as slaked lime, is a chemical compound with the formula Ca(OH). It dissolves slightly in water. It is a base. It can be made by the chloralkali process. It can be dehydrated (remove the water) to calcium oxide by heat. It can be used to neutralize acidic soils.


Calcium oxide

Calcium oxide is a chemical compound of calcium and oxygen. Its chemical formula is CaO. It is known as quicklime. It is made in a lime kiln. It releases heat when dissolved in water and changes into calcium hydroxide. It is a white powder.

It is also a base. It reacts with acids to make calcium salts. Quicklime is an important ingredient of cement.


Sealed lead acid battery

A sealed lead acid battery or gel cell is a lead acid battery that has the sulfuric acid electrolyte coagulated (thickened) so it cannot spill out. They are partially sealed, but have vents in case gases are accidentally released for example by overcharging. They can be used for smaller applications where they are turned up side down. They are more expensive than normal lead acid batteries, but they are also safer.

They use different chemicals than dry cells, so they are rechargeable.


Lead acid battery

A lead acid battery is a secondary cell, meaning that it is rechargeable. It is very common in cars and trucks. It contains plates of lead and lead(IV) oxide in a sulfuric acid solution. The lead(IV) oxide oxidizes the lead plate, making an electrical current. 

Lead-acid batteries are the cheapest rechargeable batteries and can produce much power. They contain toxic lead, though, and should be recycled. They are wet cells, and the dangerous acid can spill out. Sealed lead acid batteries are batteries where the sulfuric acid is in a gel which stays in, even when the battery is turned up side down.

Reactions: 


These reactions are reversed when the battery is charged.


Nicole Jung

Nicole Yongju Jung (; Korean name: Jung Yong-Ju, ), better known mononymously as Nicole, was born on October 7, 1991. She is a Korean-American singer. Born and raised in Glendale, California but moved to South Korea to pursue her dreams. Known for being a member of girl group Kara formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007.

Nicole was born on October 7, 1991, in Glendale, California. She moved to Korea with her mom. Her mother has a ramyeon restaurant called "Red Kitchen". She has played violin 4th through 8th grade. She was on a show called ""KAIST"" (portrayed a celebrity's life as a college student) which was renamed to ""Nicole The Entertainer's Introduction to Veterinary Science"" in Konkuk University since Nicole would not be attending KAIST. The first episode aired on November 12, 2009.
She is also very popular with a lot of fans and is a member of Korea's K-POP "KARA"

Kara debuted on March 29th 2007 with "Break It" on M! Countdown as a 4 member. Nicole was one of the four along with Gyuri, Seungyeon, and Sunghee. Kara was often compared to Fin.K.L because of their concept and the fact that they are both from the same company (DSP Entertainment). Later on Sunghee left the group in March 2008 due to parental pressure, just when Kara intended their comeback. Sunghee failed her college exams and left the group. On July 24th of 2008, Kara came back with two new members, Goo Hara and Jiyoung. Their new concept was "cute" and "playful".

In December 4, 2008, Kara have their comeback starting on M! Countdown with "Pretty Girl".In February 2009, Kara released their second mini-album "Honey". "Honey" became the group's first #1 single when it topped the "M! Countdown" and The Music Trend.

In late July 2009, Kara revealed their second album named "Revolution". June 16, 2009. Retrieved July 20, 2009. Due to the popularity of the song, Wanna and Mister, Kara's overall popularity increased. Kara currently started promotions with their third mini-album "Lupin". Lupin was a succes, it won KBS Music Bank K-Chart on March 12th, March 19th, and March 26th of 2010.

Nicole joined "Star Golden Bell" on December 20, 2008, hosting a segment called "Level With Me (Season 2)" in which the guests have to guess a term or title from her clues; the challenge comes due to her comparative lack of skill and experience with the Korean language. The segment ended on October 17, 2009.

In April 2009, she sang a duet with former Noel member Kang Kyun-seong called "Happy and".

In August 2009, she and 2PM ex member Jaebeom became part of historical culture variety show Nodaji, replacing Choi Min Yong and Kim Tae Hyun. But the show was canceled due to low ratings on October 2009.

In November 2009, She joined "Nicole The Entertainer's Introduction to Veterinary Science".

In July 2010, she joined "Good Sunday - Yeongwunghogeol (영웅호걸)".



List of Avatar: The Last Airbender episodes

In the "Avatar" world, there are people who are able to control, or "bend", the four elements: "Air", "Water", "Earth", and "Fire". Along with the four elements, there are four nations that correspond with each element. Not everyone can bend an element, and those that can are only able to bend one. However, The Avatar is able to control all four elements as well as communicate with the spirits. The Avatar is also born into one nation, and after dying, is reincarnated into another nation following the pattern of Air, Water, Earth, Fire. The series takes place 100 years after the Fire nation started a war against all other nations and has killed off all air benders in search of finding the avatar who has been reincarnated as an air bender, Aang. The avatar, trapped in ice for 100 years knows nothing of the war. The series starts with Aang being accidentally freed by Katara and Sokka. The series then primarily follows the adventures of Aang and his companions, Sokka, Katara, and later Toph, as he tries to master all four elements and defeat the fire nation. There is also a strong secondary focus on Zuko, banished and disinherited crown prince of the . Zuko was burned by his own father, the Fire Lord Ozai. Zuko then tries to capture Aang in order to regain his peerage and honor, but in the end he helps Aang to master the fire.

54 episodes - Thanksgiving 2023
54 episodes - August 2023
54 episodes - Christmas 2023 (Episode: The Southern Raiders / The Western Airtemple)

Nickel cadmium battery

A nickel cadmium battery is a secondary cell, meaning it is rechargeable. It is also known as Nicad or Ni-Cd. It has a voltage of 1.2 V, although a freshly-charged battery can measure 1.3 - 1.4 V. It was used for many applications, such as rechargeable phones, flashlights, and other things. Now the nickel metal-hydride battery is being used. Nickel cadmium batteries contain toxic cadmium metal in them. It works by the oxidation of cadmium by nickel(III) oxide. Potassium hydroxide is used as an electrolyte.


Nickel(III) oxide

Nickel(III) oxide is a chemical used in nickel cadmium batteries. Its chemical formula is NiO. It is not well known. It is gray. It has nickel in the +3 oxidation state.


Lead(IV) oxide

Lead(IV) oxide, also known as lead dioxide, is a chemical compound. It is composed of lead in its +4 oxidation state. It is an oxidizing agent. It is a dark brown toxic powder. It is used in the lead acid battery to oxidize the lead, which generates electricity. Its chemical formula is PbO.


Nickel-metal hydride battery

A nickel-metal hydride battery, also known as NiMH, is a secondary cell, meaning it is a rechargeable battery. They are used in cameras and other electronic devices. They are made in several sizes; AA is the most common. They are similar to nickel-cadmium batteries but store twice as much energy. They have a voltage of 1.2 V, the same as the nickel-cadmium battery. They do not contain toxic chemicals like the nickel cadmium battery does. They work by the oxidation of hydrides, such as lanthanum hydride, by nickel(III) oxide. 

They have longer shelf life and are more durable than the lithium-ion battery. They are not as powerful for their size, although the best Ni-MH batteries are very close. They used to be more expensive than nickel cadmium batteries, but in the 21st century the cost is similar. 


Hydrogen chloride

Hydrogen chloride is a colorless irritating gas. It can dissolve in water to make hydrochloric acid. It was first prepared by Glauber. He called it 'spirit of salt'.It reacts with ammonia to make a white smoke of ammonium chloride. It is used in the making of plastics. It can form mists in air if it absorbs water. It can be made by reacting sodium chloride with sulfuric acid. It can be made by reacting hydrogen and chlorine, but the reaction is violent unless the reaction takes place in presence of diffused sunlight.It is commomly known as muriatic acid.It is heavier than air. It is a polar covalent compound and exists as molecule. It is non combustible and non supportor of cumbustion. It is highly soluble in water.


Chemical burn

A chemical burn is an uncomfortable sensation caused by the destruction of body tissue. It is destroyed by various chemicals. For example, concentrated sulfuric acid makes very bad chemical burns. Hydrochloric acid makes milder burns. There are several ways to protect against chemical burns, such as wearing gloves and a lab apron when working with chemicals. Each chemical has its own way to remove it from the skin, but normally drenching the burn with water should help.


Avatar: The Last Airbender (season 1)

Season One (Book 1: Water) of had 20 episodes and they were shown from 21 February 2005 until 2 December 2005. The series was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Mako, Dante Basco, and Jason Isaacs as the .

The season goes around the protagonist, Aang, and his friends Katara and Sokka and their journey to the North Pole (to North Water Tribe) to find a Waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control water. Fire Lord Ozai, the current Fire Lord of the , is waging a seemingly endless war against the , the Water Tribes, and the already destroyed Air Nomads. Aang, the current Avatar, must master the four elements—Air, Water, Earth, and Fire—before win the Fire Lord and ending the war. Along the way, Aang and his friends are chased by various pursuers, including Prince Zuko, a banished Fire Nation prince, and Admiral Zhao, a key member of the Fire Navy.

Each episode of Season One attracted more than a million viewers on its first airing. Season One won "Best TV Series" and "Best Animated Television Series" in the boys 9–14-year old demographic at the 2005 Pulcinella Awards, which gives awards for excellence in animation.

Between 4 January 2006 and 19 September 2006, five DVD sets were released in the USA, each had four episodes from the season. On 12 September 2006, Nickelodeon also released the "Complete Book One Collection Box Set", which had all of the episodes in the season as well as a special features disc. The original releases were encoded in Region 1 (USA), a DVD type that plays only in American DVD players. From 2007 to 2009, Nickelodeon released Region 2 DVDs (Europe), which can play in Europe.

The first has been adapted into a live-action movie "The Last Airbender", directed by M. Night Shyamalan and was released in July 2010.

The show was produced by and shown on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom. The show's creators, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, worked with Aaron Ehasz. Eight episodes were directed by Dave Filoni. Animation directors Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe directed five episodes each, and Anthony Lioi directed two. Episodes were written or co-written by a team of writers, which included Nick Malis, John O'Bryan, Matt Hubbard, James Eagan, Ian Wilcox, Tim Hedrick and Elizabeth Welch Ehasz. All of the show's music was written by "The Track Team", which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who were known to Dante and Konietzko because Zuckerman was Konietzko's roommate.

movie critics appreciated the first season of "Avatar" because it attracted the attention of "an audience beyond the children's market with crisp animation and layered storytelling." Lesley Aeschliman from Helium.com, said that she "enjoy[s] the storytelling of this series" and said that "the ending of each episode leaves you wanting to see more." Another reporter from Helium.com, Nicki Marks said: As for the video and picture quality, Gord Lacey from TVShowsOnDVD.com said that "the colors are bright, and the picture is nearly flawless." He said later in the review that "the audio is very nice, with lots of directional effects and nice musical cues." Barnes & Noble reviewer Christina Urban praised the season's masterful combination of "elements from Chinese kung fu, Tibetan philosophy, Japanese martial arts forms, and even Hindu spiritual beliefs". According to Aaron Bynum from AnimationInsider.net, "the series posted double digit year-to-year gains in May". He also said that the show has been number one in the boys 9–14-year old demographic, and has attracted many age and gender groups in its pool of 1.1 million viewers who watch each new episode.

In addition, the season has won many awards during its runtime. During the 33rd Annual Annie Awards, the show was nominated for the "Best Animated Television Production" award. Because of the episode "The Fortuneteller", the show was nominated for the "Writing for an Animated Television Production" award. For the episode "The Deserter", the season was nominated for and won the "Storyboarding in an Animated Television Production" award. During the 2005 Pulcinella Awards, the season won the "Best Action/Adventure TV Series" award as well and the general "Best TV Series" award.

Nickelodeon began releasing the Season One DVDs on 31 January 2006. Each DVD, with one exception, had four episodes on one disc. The exception was The Complete Book One Collection Box Set, which had all of the 20 episodes in the season on six discs.

In the USA, all Season One DVDs were encoded using NTSC. Since this is not compatible in most countries outside North America, Nickelodeon released separate DVDs in regions where the video would be encoded using PAL instead. These releases began on 19 February 2007; each DVD was released months after the original release. As with the original DVDs, each set contained four episodes on one disc, with the exception would be The Complete Book One Collection Box Set, which contained all of the twenty episodes in the season on five discs.

"The Last Airbender" is a live action movie based on the first season of the animated television series and had a theatrical release on 1 July 2010. The movie is directed by M. Night Shyamalan.


March (music)

In music a march is a piece of music with a strong marching rhythm. Marches are often written especially so that soldiers can march to them. Other marches may not be intended for marching, but they still have a strong, regular beat so that people could, if they wanted to, march to the music. Marches are usually 2/4 time (One - two - one - two - left - right - left- right) or 4/4 (the same as two bars (measures)) although other time signatures are possible.

Marches can be slow marches or quick marches. A slow march may be a funeral march.

John Philip Sousa was a composer whose marches became extremely popular 

In classical music many composers wrote marches which are not intended to be marched to, but still give the mood of a march. Some famous examples of funeral marches include the second movement of Beethoven's "Eroica" Symphony, the "Marche funèbre" (Funeral March) in Chopin's "Piano Sonata in B flat minor", and the "Dead March" in Handel's oratorio "Saul".

Gustav Mahler often wrote marches in his symphonies. Marches often occur in operas (e.g.Verdi's "Aïda"), ballets (e.g. Prokofiev's "Romeo and Juliet") or, indeed, any kind of music.

Music composed for marching uses instruments that soldiers play in marching bands, such as brass instruments, woodwind instruments including fife, snare drum and bass drum. Composers writing marches in classical music may imitate the sound of military bands by using these instruments.

March music is often composed for special ceremonial occasions such as coronations. Edward Elgar and William Walton both wrote march music for coronations.


Roll with It (Oasis song)

"Roll with It" is a song by the rock band Oasis. It was written by their former lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. The song was released on August 14, 1995. It was the second single from their second album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". It reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart. The songwriting started off as a copy of early Beatles songs, mainly "She Loves You" and "From Me to You".

"Roll with It" received a lot of attention when Food Records, the label of Britpop rivals Blur, moved the original release date of single "Country House" to match "Roll with its release date", sparking what came to be known as "The Battle of Britpop". The British media had already reported an intense rivalry between the two bands. This clash of releases was seen as a battle for the number one spot. In the end, Blur's "Country House" single sold 274,000 copies to Oasis' 216,000 copies of "Roll with It". The singles charted at number 1 and number 2, respectively.

The song is like other Oasis songs, such as "Supersonic", because it tells the importance of being yourself.

The melody for this song appears in The Lemonheads' song "Purple Parallelogram", which was co-written by Gallagher and Evan Dando.

It was the 20th biggest selling single of 1995 in the United Kingdom.

Potassium chlorate

Potassium chlorate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KClO. It has potassium and chlorate ions. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It dissolves in water. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It gives off oxygen when heated. Sometimes manganese(IV) oxide is used to make the oxygen come faster. It can explode when mixed with a strong reducing agent. It can make many things burn that don't normally burn.

It is made by electrolysis of a hot solution of potassium chloride. This is similar to the chloralkali process. It can also be made by reacting concentrated sodium chlorate with potassium chloride. 

It is used in fireworks. It is a part of Armstrong's mixture, a sensitive explosive. It is also used to make oxygen gas in high school and college labs. It can burn sugar when mixed with sugar and concentrated sulfuric acid. It can also replace potassium nitrate in gunpowder. It is used in oxygen candles. Oxygen candles made oxygen when burned. They are used in spaceships.

Potassium chlorate is a strong oxidizing agent and can catch many things on fire. When it is mixed with sulfur or phosphorus, it burns very easily. Many other chemicals can make dangerous mixtures with potassium chlorate.


The Masterplan (song)

"The Masterplan" is a song by English rock band Oasis. It was written by lead guitarist, Noel Gallagher.

The song was first released as a B-side to the CD version of their hit single "Wonderwall" in October 1995. "The Masterplan" was also released with the "Stop the Clocks" EP in November 2006. It also shares the name with the 1998 B-side compilation album, "The Masterplan", on which it is featured as the last track.

Noel Gallagher has regularly declared "The Masterplan" as one of the best songs he has ever written. However, he regrets the fact that it was first released as a B-side, admitting he was "young and stupid", when he made that decision. He also claims that Creation Records boss, Alan McGee, upon hearing the song, told Noel it was "too good" to be a B-side. Noel reportedly replied, "Well, I don't write shit songs!".

"The Masterplan" is sung by Noel, and features all band members except for Liam Gallagher, in addition to an orchestra. The song features a backwards guitar solo after the first chorus. Approximately 30 seconds from the end of the song, Noel can be heard singing the chorus from "Octopus's Garden" by The Beatles.

The song is included in Oasis' album "Stop the Clocks". An animated video was created to promote the album.


Hypochlorite

Hypochlorite is an ion. It can be found in household bleach, sodium hypochlorite. It is unstable, meaning that it breaks down easily. Hypochlorites react with acids to produce chlorine. Their chemical formula is ClO. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It contains chlorine in its +1 oxidation state. They are the salts of hypochlorous acid.


Chlorate

Chlorate is an ion. Its chemical formula is ClO. It contains chlorine in the +5 oxidation state. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It exists in chemical compounds such as potassium chlorate. Many chlorates produce oxygen when they are heated. Chlorates are salts of chloric acid.


Armstrong's mixture

Armstrong's mixture is a very sensitive explosive. It is made of a mixture of potassium chlorate and phosphorus. Some sulfur is added. It is used in pop guns.


Pop gun

A pop gun is a toy that makes a bang and a puff of smoke when the trigger is pulled. It contains small amounts of Armstrong's mixture, which, when pressed, detonate, making the noise.


Detonation

Detonation is the explosion of an explosive. When an explosive detonates, it compresses the air around it, making a shock wave that can knock down buildings and kill people. The shock wave is made from the gases released when the explosive detonates.


Perchlorate

Perchlorate is an ion. Its chemical formula is ClO. It contains chlorine in its +7 oxidation state. It is present in chemical compounds like ammonium perchlorate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. 


Iodide

Iodide is an ion of iodine. It contains iodine in its -1 oxidation state. It is a weak reducing agent. Exposure to oxygen converts it to iodine. It is the normal form of iodine for the human body. It is present in compounds such as potassium iodide. Its formula is I.


Potassium iodide

Potassium iodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KI. It has potassium and iodide ions in it. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is a weak reducing agent. It reacts with chlorine to make iodine and potassium chloride. It turns yellow when in air. This is because it reacts with oxygen and carbon dioxide to make iodine and potassium carbonate. It reacts with iodine to make the triiodide ion. That is why a solution of potassium iodide dissolves iodine.

It is made by reacting iodine or hydriodic acid with potassium hydroxide.

It is used to supply iodine in the form of vitamin tablets or pills. It can be added to table salt to prevent a deficiency of iodine. It is also used to make silver iodide. It can be used to add iodine to organic compounds. It is used to prevent thyroid cancer by filling up the thyroid with normal iodine. After a nuclear explosion there normally is radioactive iodine in the air. The radioactive iodine collects in the thyroid and causes cancer. When the person takes potassium iodide it fills up the thyroid with iodine so no radioactive iodine can come in. 


Halide

Halide may refer to any of these compounds:

Ammonium perchlorate

Ammonium perchlorate is a chemical compound composed of ammonium and perchlorate ions. It is a colorless crystalline chemical. It is a strong oxidizing agent and contains chlorine in its +7 oxidation state. It breaks down when heated slowly and detonates when heated strongly. It is made by the reaction of ammonia with perchloric acid. It is not very toxic. It is used in rocket propellants.


Perchloric acid

Perchloric acid is an acid that contains the perchlorate ion. It is produced by the oxidation of chlorate by electrolysis. The chlorate came from the chloralkali process. It is used to make ammonium perchlorate, which is used in rockets. It is a strong oxidizing agent and very corrosive. It is a colorless liquid.


Lead oxide

Lead oxide may refer to any of the following chemical compounds:


List of number-one singles in 1996 (New Zealand)

This is a list of Number 1 singles in 1996 in New Zealand, starting with the first chart dated, January 12, 1996.


Wonderwall (movie)

Wonderwall is a 1968 British movie by then first-time director Joe Massot. It starred Jack MacGowran, Jane Birkin, Richard Wattis, Irene Handl, and Iain Quarrier, and had cameos by Anita Pallenberg and Dutch designers The Fool (who were also set designers for the movie).

The story of the movie revolves around the reclusive, eccentric scientist Oscar Collins (MacGowran), whose next-door neighbours are a pop photographer and his girlfriend/model (Birkin), named Penny Lane. Discovering a beam of light streaming through a hole in the wall between them, Collins follows the light and spots Penny modelling for a photo shoot. Intrigued, he begins to make more holes, as days go by and they do more photo sessions. Oscar gradually becomes infatuated with the girl, and feels a part of the couple's lives, even forsaking work to observe them. When they quarrel and the couple split, Penny takes an overdose of pills and passes out, but Oscar comes to her rescue.



Shareholder

A shareholder is a person that has invested their own money in a particular company. This means they have partial ownership of the company.

Shareholders can vote for board of directors who are responsible for company's corporate governance. 

Straight-eight engine

The straight-eight engine or straight-8 is an internal combustion engine with 8 cylinders. Sometimes it is called an inline-eight engine. All eight cylinders are mounted in a straight line along one crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline and diesel.

A straight-8 can be designed with balanced engine forces. Crankshaft vibration is present in all engines. The use of a harmonic damper is needed at the end of the crankshaft. Without the damper, the vibrations may lead to engine failure.

The straight-8 is a smooth running engine. This made it popular in luxury and racing cars of the past. The length of the engine required a long engine compartment. This makes the basic design unacceptable in modern vehicles. The design has been replaced almost completely by the shorter and sturdier V8 engine. Mercedes and BMW made straight-8 aircraft engines during World War I. The engine for aircraft use provided good aerodynamics.

The Duesenberg brothers introduced the first successful straight-8 racing engine in 1920. Their engine placed third, fourth and sixth at the Indianapolis 500. The following year one of their cars won the French Grand Prix. The straight-8 was the engine design of choice from the late 1920s until the mid-1950s. Bugatti, Duesenberg, Alfa Romeo, Mercedes-Benz and Miller built successful racing cars with high-performance straight-8 engines in the 1920s and 1930s.



Harmonic damper

A harmonic damper is a device connected to the free end of the crankshaft of an internal combustion engine. It is needed in engines with long crankshafts, such as straight-8 engines. It is used on most engines to reduce torsional vibrations that can occure at certain speeds.

The damper consists of an inner hub attached to the end of the crankshaft. A round mass is attached to the hub by an elastic material. This becomes a spring-mass-damper system. By selection of the damping material and the size of the mass, the damper can be made to quiet the torsional vibrations. The overall appearance is that of a thick disk.

Tyndale Bible

The Tyndale Bible generally refers to the body of biblical translations by William Tyndale. Tyndale’s Bible is credited with being the first English translation to come directly from Hebrew and Greek texts. The term "Tyndale's Bible" is not strictly correct, because Tyndale never published a complete Bible. Prior to his execution Tyndale had only finished translating the entire New Testament and roughly half of the Old Testament.

The chain of events that led to the creation of Tyndale’s New Testament started in 1522. It was in this year that Tyndale illegally acquired a copy of Martin Luther’s German New Testament. Tyndale was inspired by Luther’s work and immediately set out to imitate Luther’s work but in English. He made his purpose known to the Bishop of London at the time Cuthbert Tunstall. However Tunstall rejected Tyndale’s offer of creating an up-to-date modern English Bible. After this rejection Tyndale moved to the continent and ended up in Hamburg where he completed his New Testament in 1524. 

The first recorded complete edition of his New Testament was published in 1526. Two revised versions were latter published in 1534 and 1536, both personally revised by Tyndale himself. After his death in 1536 Tyndale’s works have been revised and reprinted numerous times.

Tyndale’s translations were condemned by both church and state in England, where it must be said it took longer for the reform movement to take hold. Tyndale was forced to flee England for the continent where he found safe haven in pro-reform areas. The church and state reacted strongly against Tyndale’s work, banning his New Testament of 1526 from England. In addition any copy of his work found in England was to be burned. 

The legacy of Tyndale’s Bible cannot be overstated. His translations laid the foundations for many of the English Bibles which followed his. His work made up a significant portion of the Matthew Bible which was the first authorized version of the English Bible. The Tyndale Bible also played a key role in spreading reformation ideas to England which had been reluctant to embrace the movement. 

Coggan, Donald. "The English Bible". Essex: Longmans, Greeb & Co. Ltd., 1968.

Kenyon, Sir Frederic. "The Story of the Bible". London: Butler & Tanner Ltd., 1947.

Lindberg, Carter. "The European Reformations". Malden: Blackwell Publishing, 1996.

Luther, Martin. "The Freedom Of A Christian: Doctrine of Justification by Faith Alone", in "The Freedom Of A Christian", edited by Hans J. Grimm and W. A. Lambert. Philadelphia: Muhlenberg Press, 1957.

Partridge, A.C. "English Biblical Translations". London: Andrè Deutsch Limited, 1973.

Pollard,Alfred W., ed. "Records of the English Bible". Wm. Dawson & Sons Ltd., 1974.

Thompson, Craig R. "The Bible in English". New York: Cornell University Press, 1963.

"Tridetine Creed." http://individual.utoronto.ca/mmilner/history2p91/primary/Tridentine_Creed.html


Serena Deeb

Serena Deeb (born June 29, 1986 in Oakton, Virginia) is an American female professional wrestler. She is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment on their Smackdown brand under the ring name, Serena, where she was part of the wrestling stable Straight Edge Society. 

While part of Ohio Valley Wrestling, Serena was won the OVW Women's Championship six times and was named Queen of FCW one time while part of Florida Championship Wrestling.

Serena was released from her WWE contract for not portraying her Straight Edge Society gimmick in real life, but because SmackDown was pre-recorded, her release was not revealed immediately, and gave her one last appearance on WWE programming which aired on August 27 2010.

Deeb works as a yoga teacher.


Avatar: The Last Airbender (season 2)

Season Two (Book 2: Earth) of , an American animated television series on Nickelodeon, first showed its 20 episodes from 17 March 2006 to 1 December 2006. The season was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Jessie Flower, Mako, Grey DeLisle, and Dante Basco as the main character voices.

In the season's beginning, the protagonist Aang and his friends Katara and Sokka started a search to find an Earthbending teacher, which finishes when they recruit Toph. Sokka finds important information concerning the war with the Fire Nation. Aang quickly becomes single-minded in looking for his kidnapped flying bison Appa. His search leads him to Ba Sing Se, the capital of the , where he uncovers the great internal government corruption of Ba Sing Se. At the season's end, Ba Sing Se falls to the Fire Nation and Aang escapes with his friends on a recovered Appa.

During the season's airing, the show received much critical acclaim, with praises such as, "As a flat concept, Avatar the Last Airbender is nothing special, but in execution, it is head and shoulders above other children's entertainment", and that "as a whole, the look of Avatar is consistently excellent." Season 2 has won multiple awards, including the "Best Character Animation in a Television Production" award from the 34th Annie Awards and the "Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation" award from the 2007 Emmy Awards.

Between 23 January 2007 and 11 September 2007, Nickelodeon released five DVD sets for the season: four sets had five episodes each, and a fifth DVD collection of all twenty episodes. All DVDs were encoded in Region 1. In the UK, only the season boxset was released without being released in four volumes first. The boxset was released on July 20, 2009.

The season was produced by and shown on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom. The season's creators, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, worked with Aaron Ehasz. Most of the individual episodes were directed by Ethan Spaulding, Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe. Episodes were written by a team of writers, in which worked Aaron Ehasz, Elizabeth Welch Ehasz, Tim Hedrick, John O'Bryan; with creators DiMartino and Konietzko.

The season's music was written by "The Track Team", which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who were known to the show's creators because Zuckerman was Konietzko's roommate.

Mako Iwamatsu, the actor who voiced Iroh at first season, died during the production and was replaced by Greg Baldwin.

In a review of the Volume 2 DVD Release for Book 2, Gabriel Powers from DVDActive.com described the series as one of the best children's series in recent times, making comparisons with Samurai Jack and Justice League, and complimented it for its depth and humour. Powers also comments: For the video and audio quality, Powers says "Season two generally looks better than the bulk of season one, but still has some issues" concerning image sharpness. Jamie S. Rich from DVD Talk says that "As a flat concept, "Avatar the Last Airbender" is nothing special, but in execution, it is head and shoulders above other children's entertainment", and that "as a whole, the look of Avatar is consistently excellent".

The show also received acclaim for its visual appeal. In the 34th Annie Awards, the show was nominated for and won the "Best Character Animation in a Television Production" award, for Jae-Myung Yu's animation in "The Blind Bandit", and the "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production" award, for the episode "The Drill". In 2007, the show was nominated for "Outstanding Animated Program" in the 2007 Emmy Awards for the "City of Walls and Secrets" episode, though it did not win. However, the show did win the "Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation" award for Sang-Jin Kim's animation in the "Lake Laogai" episode.

Between 23 January 2007 and 11 September 2007, Nickelodeon released five DVD sets for the season: four sets had five episodes each, and a fifth DVD collection of all 20 episodes. All DVDs were encoded in Region 1 (USA). In the UK, only the season box set was released without being released in four volumes first. The box set was released on 20 July 2009.

A sequel to "The Last Airbender", a film adaptation of Book One, is expected to be based on Book Two with all the main cast and M. Night Shyamalan to return as director, writer and producer. Production will possibly start in 2011 and the film will be released in 2012 at the earliest. It will be the second part of a planned trilogy.



The Expendables (2010 movie)

The Expendables is a 2010 action movie that was produced by Avi Lerner, Kevin King Templeton, John Thompson and Robert Earl and was directed by Sylvester Stallone.

The movie is about a team of mercenaries that are sent to a South American country to overthrow a cold-blooded dictator.


The Expendables gained mixed reviews:


"The Expendables 2", "The Expendables 3" and "The Expendables 4" were respectively released in 2012, 2014 and 2023.


Charlie St. Cloud (movie)

Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 fantasy/romance movie produced by Marc Platt and Ben Sherwood and was directed by Burr Steers. The movie is based on the best selling novel, "The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud".



Elephant bird

Elephant birds are an extinct family of large birds which could not fly. They were found only on the island of Madagascar. The group had two genera, Aepyornis and Mullerornis, and seven species. Like several other flightless birds, they were hunted to extinction.

The Elephant birds, which were giant ratites, have been extinct since at least the 17th century. Étienne de Flacourt, a French governor of Madagascar in the 1640s and 1650s, recorded frequent sightings of elephant birds. "Aepyornis", one of the world's largest birds, is believed to have been over tall, weighing close to 400 kg (880 lb). Remains of "Aepyornis" adults and eggs have been found. In some cases the eggs have a circumference of over and a length up to . The egg volume is about 160 times greater than a chicken egg.

Sami Salo

Sami Salo (born September 2, 1974 in Turku, Finland) was a professional Finnish ice hockey defenceman that played for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Vancouver Canucks and Ottawa Senators. He was selected by the Ottawa Senators with the 239th pick in the 1996 NHL Draft.

Salo has also played 9 seasons with the Vancoucer Canucks, 4 seasons with the Ottawa Senators, 3 seasons with TPS of the SM-liiga, 1 season with Jokerit of the SM-liiga and 1 season with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Elite League.


Avatar: The Last Airbender (season 3)

Season Three (Book 3: Fire) of , an American animated television series on Nickelodeon, first showed its 21 episodes on television from 21 September, 2007 to 19 July, 2008. The season was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and it starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Jessie Flower, Dante Basco, and Grey DeLisle as character voices.

This third and final season focuses on Aang's quest to defeat the tyrannical Fire Lord Ozai. In the season's beginning, protagonist Aang and his friends Sokka, Katara, and Toph are traveling through the , conjuring a plan for invading the Fire Nation and looking for a teacher to teach Aang Firebending. Midway through the season, Aang gathers friends he met in previous episodes and leads a failed invasion into the Fire Nation. Former antagonist and anti-hero Zuko changes sides and joins Aang, serving as his Firebending teacher until the , when Aang finally defeats the Fire Lord and ends the war.

The final season features 21 episodes, one more than the previous two seasons. The consisted of the four episodes showed together as a two-hour television movie. Season Three received a similar positive critic to that of the previous seasons. The season, and especially the finale, received much critical acclaim, with praises from sources such as DVD Talk and IGN.

The season was produced by and aired on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom. The show's creators, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, worked with Aaron Ehasz. Most of the individual episodes were directed by Ethan Spaulding, Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe. Episodes were written by a team of writers, which consisted of Aaron Ehasz, Elizabeth Welch Ehasz, Tim Hedrick, John O'Bryan; along with creators DiMartino and Konietzko.

The season's music was written by "The Track Team", which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who were known to the show's creators because Zuckerman was Konietzko's roommate.

Mako Iwamatsu, the voice actor of Iroh at first season, died during the production and was replaced by Greg Baldwin.

Between 30 October 2007 and 16 September 2008, Nickelodeon sold four DVD volumes and a complete box-set. Each of the four volume DVDs had one disc and five episodes, with the exception of volume four, which had six episodes, and the boxed set had all twenty-one episodes on five discs. The boxed set of DVDs was sold on 1 February 2010 in the UK.

Like the previous 2 seasons, the critic was positive overall. Jamie S. Rich from DVD Talk said, "In addition to the solid writing, Avatar the Last Airbender also has amazing animation. The character designs, with its roots in classic Asian folklore, are colorful and inventive, and the overall animation is smooth and consistently executed". Jamie S. Rich wrote in another review:

This final season in the trilogy is turning out to be the best... At this point in the story, major things are happening, with the characters going through changes and the various plot elements coming together. Thankfully, the show creators never rest, and the quality control is top-notch. The writing is smart, and the animation always impressive.

Henrik Batallones, a BuddyTV Staff Columnist, also noted the wide variety of positive reviews from the press for the , noting that sources such as the New York Times and Toon Zone gave "Avatar" "glowing reviews".

The season also received praise for its video and sound quality. Nick Lyons from DVD Talk felt that the video quality appeared better than previous seasons, which had also garnered additional awards. He also remarks that the sound is "spot on...as per usual." At the 2008 Annie Awards, the season won "Best Animated Television Production for Children". At the same Annie Awards, Joaquim Dos Santos won the "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production" caption for his directing in "Into the Inferno". Joaquim Dos Santos also gave "Avatar" a nomination at Annecy 2008 for his work with "The Day of Black Sun Part 2: The Eclipse". Additionally, music editor and composer Jeremy Zuckerman and the sound editing team were nominated a Golden Reel award for "Best Sound Editing in a Television Animation" for their work in "Avatar Aang".

The final part of the planned "The Last Airbender" trilogy is expected to be based on Book Three with the main cast of the first and second films and M. Night Shyamalan to return as director, writer and producer.


Anal bleaching

Anal bleaching is a process that causes the skin around the anus to become lighter in color. The process is done for appearance. Some events can cause the anus to appear darker, such as aging and defecation.

Renault R 312

The Renault R 312 is a bus produced by Renault. It replaced the SC 10 in 1987, and was replaced by the Irisbus Agora in 1996.


Flower (Soundgarden song)

Flower is a 1989 Grunge song by the American rock band Soundgarden. The song was released May 1989 and was recorded in Spring of 1988. Flower was written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil. The song is the first and only single from Soundgarden's debut 1988 album, "Ultramega OK". 

Black Hole Sun

"Black Hole Sun" is a 1994 grunge song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their fourth studio album "Superunknown", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Chris Cornell. It is a playable song in the video game, Rock Band.

The song won the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance and it was also nominated for Best Rock Song. The music video for Black Hole Sun won a MTV Video Music Award for Best Metal/Hard Rock Video in 1994.

Jesus Christ Pose

"Jesus Christ Pose" is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their third studio album "Badmotorfinger", which was released in 1991. The song was written by Matt Cameron, Chris Cornell, Ben Shepherd and Kim Thayil and is a downloadable song in the video game, Rock Band.

The music video for Jesus Christ Pose received a lot of controversy from Christians since many of the band's listeners were Christians and they felt that the band was showing the song and music video as anti-Christian.

165659 Michaelhicks

165659 Michaelhicks (called 2001 LZ6 before it was given a name) is a main belt asteroid. It was found by the Near Earth Asteroid Tracking team at Haleakalā on June 15, 2001. 165659 Michaelhicks is named after Michael D. Hicks, a scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

212929 Satovski

212929 Satovski (provisional designation 2008 AD112) is a main belt asteroid. It was discovered by Boris Satovski, Timur Kryachko, and Stanislav Korotkiy on January 15, 2008 at the Engelhardt Observatory, Zelenchukskaya Station, near Special Astrophysical Observatory of the Russian Academy of Science, Russia.

189930 Jeanneherbert

189930 Jeanneherbert (provisional designation 2003 SR200) is a main belt asteroid. It was discovered by David Healy on September 22, 2003 at Junk Bond Observatory. 189930 Jeanneherbert is named after Jeanne Herbert, an active member of the Huachuca Astronomy Club.


Hunted Down

"Hunted Down" is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It is from their debut EP "Screaming Life", which was released in 1987. The song was written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil.

Loud Love

"Loud Love" is a 1989 grunge song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their second studio album "Louder Than Love", which was released in 1989. The song was written by Chris Cornell. "Loud Love" is featured in the movie "Wayne's World".

Nick Boynton

Nick Boynton (born January 14, 1979 in Nobleton, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Boston Bruins, Phoenix Coyotes, Florida Panthers, Anaheim Ducks, Chicago Blackhawks, and the Philadelphia Flyers. He also played 9 regular seasons games with the Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).

Boynton was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes in 1997. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2011.


Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle

Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle is the series finale for the Nickelodeon's television series "". It was directed by Ethan Spaulding, Giancarlo Volpe, and Joaquim Dos Santos, and written by Michael Dante DiMartino, Bryan Konietzko, and Aaron Ehasz. Though intended to be split into three parts, the finale aired as a two-hour four-part movie on 19 July 2008. Prior to the week of 14–19 July, no episodes had been shown since 30 November 2007. The Saturday airing of "Sozin's Comet" acted as a climax to a week of ten new episodes that concluded .

The finale focuses on series protagonist Aang's non-violent personality and his reluctance to kill Fire Lord Ozai. The finale also follows the exploits of many of Aang's friends and allies, including Sokka, Toph and Suki's struggle to destroy a Fire Nation airship armada, Zuko and Katara's battle against Zuko's sister Azula, and Iroh, King Bumi, and the Order of the White Lotus' attempt to reconquer .

"Sozin's Comet" received positive reception from critics and fans alike. The initial showing averaged 5.6 million viewers, a 195% increase in ratings compared with ratings from mid-July 2007. The premiere of episodes 52–61 (episodes 12–21 of throughout the week of "Sozin's Comet"'s release received over 19 million views, of which 5.6 million were from the premiere of "Sozin's Comet". At the 2008 Annie Awards, the director of the third part of "Sozin's Comet" (Episode 20 – "Sozin's Comet", Part 3: "Into the Inferno") won an award for "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production".

Aang suddenly abandons his Firebending lesson with Zuko to have a beach party with his friends, causing Zuko to attack him in his frustration. Aang explains he plans to challenge Fire Lord Ozai only after Sozin's Comet and its enhancement of Firebending have come and gone, due to his own self-perceived lack of Firebending skills at the moment. When Zuko tells the group Ozai plans to use the comet's power to burn down the Earth Kingdom, Aang resolves to face him before the comet arrives. The entire group advises Aang to kill Ozai, but Aang refuses to kill him due to his pacifistic nature and non-violent upbringing.

That night, Aang sleepwalks to a forest not to be found in the morning. After the group fails to locate him, Zuko takes them to June, a tracker who might be able to locate Aang, using his smell. Meanwhile, Fire Lord Ozai proclaims himself to be ruler of the world, under the title "Phoenix King", and declares Azula to be the new Fire Lord, setting off to burn the world and rebuild it under his New Order.

Zuko's tracker, June, is unable to locate Aang, but does find Zuko's uncle, Iroh. He and several other characters (Pakku, Jeong Jeong, King Bumi and Piandao) are part of an otherwise non-aligned group known as the "Order of the White Lotus", which plans to liberate the Earth Kingdom capital, Ba Sing Se, from Fire Nation rule. Zuko and Katara decide to fight Azula in the Fire Nation capital while Sokka, Toph, and Suki attempt to destroy the airship fleet of Ozai.

Meanwhile, Aang awakens on a floating island. Frustrated with his inability to find a way to defeat Ozai without killing him, he asks four of his past lives for advice. Unsatisfied with their answers, he asks the island for help. The island, which is actually a giant "lion-turtle", provides Aang with the power of energybending and leaves him on the Earth Kingdom shores.

The Comet appears in the sky, and Azula's coronation takes place. Azula banishes nearly all of her subjects (including her Dai Li agents) in fear of betrayal. Her paranoia and loneliness begin to drive her insane. Before she is crowned, Zuko and Katara arrive. Zuko accepts Azula's challenge of an Agni Kai, because he feels that something is wrong with Azula and he does not want Katara injured. Just as Zuko is on the verge of defeating Azula, she shoots a bolt of lightning at Katara instead of Zuko. Zuko intercepts the lightning, preventing Katara from getting hurt, but injures himself after he fails to correctly redirect the lightning.

Meanwhile, Sokka, Toph, and Suki hijack a Fire Nation airship, and use it to destroy many others, effectively stopping Ozai's plan of incinerating the Earth Kingdom. In Ba Sing Se, the Order of the White Lotus, led by Iroh, lay siege to the Fire Nation forces within the city, with the sole intention of re-conquering it in the name of the Earth Kingdom. Aang reappears and begins to duel the Fire Lord. However, when Aang successfully redirects lightning he purposely misses Ozai to avoid killing him. Because of his pacifism, Ozai begins to gain the advantage.

Zuko lies on the ground twitching as Katara and Azula fight. After several minutes of running, Katara freezes Azula and chains her to the ground. After doing it, Katara revives Zuko.

After a fierce battle, Ozai slams Aang into a rock inadvertently releasing his locked seventh chakra and enters the Avatar State. With the power of his past lives, Aang overwhelms Ozai. Although Ozai is subdued, Aang refuses to kill him; instead, he locks Ozai down with earth. He realizes what the lion-turtle had meant and uses Energybending to strip Ozai of his Firebending powers, ending his ability to wage war. Afterwards, Aang raises and lowers nearby water to undo the damages that the Fire Nation caused.

The Order of the White Lotus liberates Ba Sing Se in the name of the Earth King. During his coronation, Zuko promises to aid the world in the postwar reconstruction. Sometime after the ceremony, Zuko visits Ozai's prison and demands he tell him the location of the banished Ursa, Zuko's mother. A final scene depicts the main cast gathered in Iroh's new tea shop, the Jasmine Dragon. Aang and Katara kiss passionately upon the shop balcony as the series ends.

Co-creators Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko wrote the majority of the finale; DiMartino wrote parts one, three, and four, and Konietzko assisted with parts three and four. Aaron Ehasz, a frequent writer for the series, wrote part two. Ethan Spaulding directed part one (The Phoenix King), Giancarlo Volpe directed part two (The Old Masters), and Joaquim Dos Santos directed parts three and four (Into the Inferno + Avatar Aang). Dos Santos was nominated for an Annie Award for his directing of part three, "Into the Inferno". Although "Sozin's Comet" was originally written as a three-part story, the creators noticed that the length had grown beyond what they had predicted from the initial script. To avoid pacing issues, they split the final part in two, adding several scenes to fill the remaining time.

Although "Avatar" is not considered anime because of its American origin, Tasha Robinson of the SciFi Channel observed that ""Avatar" blurs the line between anime and (USA) domestic cartoons until it becomes irrelevant." An IGN reviewer commented that "Sozin's Comet" "had that classic anime-look that I've always loved to see when watching old anime movies. The story through the animation was perfectly done." The special's music was written and composed by "The Track Team", led by Jeremy Zuckerman. However, unlike past episodes, a music track produced by a live orchestra was used, rather than one in midi format.

During the San Diego Comic-con, it was announced that a reunion between Zuko and his mother, Ursa had been arranged, and made into a storyboard. However, it was dropped just before the finale was finished, as requested by show co-creator Michael Dante DiMartino.

The cast of "Sozin's Comet" includes all of the key characters from . Protagonists Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Toph are voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, and Jessie Flower respectively. Iroh is voiced by Greg Baldwin and Zuko is voiced by Dante Basco. Grey DeLisle and Mark Hamill voice the two antagonists, Azula and Fire Lord Ozai, respectively. The co-creators also lend their voices to two minor characters in the third part, "Into the Inferno".

"Avatar: The Last Airbender" borrows extensively from East Asian art to create its fictional universe. Four "bending" arts exist in the universe; they are based on different styles and variations of Chinese martial arts: Baguazhang for Airbending, Hung Gar and Southern Praying Mantis for Earthbending, Northern Shaolin for Firebending, and Tai Chi for Waterbending. Additionally, series borrows heavily from the Taoist concept of balance and order. The Avatar, an incarnation of a divine being, is supposed to maintain the world's order.

Nickelodeon originally broadcasted "Sozin's Comet" from 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm EST on 19 July 2008. Just ten days later, on 29 July, the "Book 3: Fire – Volume 4" DVD was released, which contained the four episodes as well as episodes 56 and 57 (episodes 16 & 17 of third season), audio commentary from the series' co-creators, cast, and crew, and a comic book.

"Sozin's Comet" received many positive critical reviews; Ed Liu of Toon Zone stated that it made "Avatar" "one of the finest animated television series ever made", and IGN stating that this "film" deserved an Academy Award. Toon Zone praised the skill of the animation directors in designing the sweeping movements of the battle scenes, as well as the slower scenes, "including one moving reconciliation and the quiet coda that ties off many of the remaining loose ends of the series". IGN reviewer Tory Ireland Mell wrote that she would "put it in the top ten films of all time". She also praised the artistic skill of the designers, stating that the "whole dark tone was gorgeous to look at", especially the "art of the Lion Turtle". She thought that "Sozin's Comet" lacked plot holes, as well as unnecessary plot devices, stating that the "story moved and kept us moving right along with it from beginning to end". She gave "Sozin's Comet" a 10 out of 10 "Masterful" rating.

"Sozin's Comet" has received its share of criticism as well. Reviewers commented about the difficulty in understanding the voice of a new character: the Lion Turtle. The Lion Turtle was designed by Bryan Konietzko and character designer Jae Woo Kim. Bryan Konietzko disliked how the Lion Turtle turned out; he felt that the art was not up to standards of the original design he had received. CraveOnline felt that because "the series was for children, the writers were at a loss of ideas to work around the murder angle," and the decision not to kill the Fire Lord introduced "so many convenient plot twists [that] set us up for a humongous deus ex machina that allows the Fire Lord to be thwarted without dying".

The premiere of "Sozin's Comet" averaged 5.6 million viewers, 195% more viewers than Nickelodeon had received in mid-July 2007. During the week of 14 July 2008, it ranked as the most-viewed program for the under-14 demographic. The premiere of episodes 52–61 (episodes 12–21 of third season) throughout the week of "Sozin's Comet"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s release received a total of 19 million views, and "Avatar" reached Nielsen's list of Top 20 Cable Results for the week ending 20 June 2008 four times. It also appeared on iTunes' top ten list of best-selling television episodes during that same week. "Sozin's Comet"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s popularity affected online media as well; "Rise of the Phoenix King", a Nick.com online game based on "Sozin's Comet", generated almost 815,000 game plays within three days. A video game loosely based on the third season, "", was released on 13 October 2008.

Joaquim Dos Santos won the "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production" caption in the 2008 Annie Awards for his directing in "Into the Inferno". Additionally, music editor and composer Jeremy Zuckerman and the sound editing team were nominated a Golden Reel award for "Best Sound Editing in a Television Animation" for their work in "Avatar Aang".

Lennox Lewis

Lennox Claudius Lewis (born September 2, 1965 in West Ham, London, England, United Kingdom) is a British/Canadian retired professional boxer. Lewis is one of five people to have won the heavyweight championship three times. Lewis was inducted into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 2008 and was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009. Lewis holds notable victories over many people: Mike Tyson, Donovan Ruddock, Tony Tucker, Frank Bruno, Andrew Golota, Michael Grant, David Tua, Hasim Rahman, and Vitali Klitschko.

Lewis lives in Miami Beach with his wife, former Miss Jamaica runner-up Violet Chang and their two children, a daughter named Ling and a son named Landon.


Renault Grand Prix results

These are the complete Grand Prix racing results for Renault F1 team.

Jump to: 1980 2002 2010

Jump to: 1990 2001 2010

Mecachrome was an engineering company. Starting in 1983 they helped Renault build the  turbocharged engines supplied to other race teams. Starting in 1992 they help Renault build the V10 engines to supply the Ligier team. This changed to Benetton and Williams in 1995. After 1997, Renault sold its engine to Mecachrome.

Mecachrome signed a contract in May 1998 with Super Performance Competition Engineering. They would supply engines and call them Supertec engines.

Canadian Tire

Canadian Tire is one of Canada's 35 largest publicly traded companies. Canadian Tire is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Canadian Tire has their own kind of paper coupons that resemble banknote money which distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada.



Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a 2001 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft, Edge of Reality for the Nintendo 64 port, Shaba Games for the PlayStation port, Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance port, Gearbox Software for the PC port and HotGen for the Game Boy Color port and was published by Activision. It is the third game in the "Tony Hawk" series.

"Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3" was the last game ever to be made for the Nintendo 64. Less than 400 copies of the N64 port are known to exist. It was also the first PlayStation 2 game to support online play, predating the actual online hook up.

"Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3" received mainly positive reviews:



The last entry of the series is "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4" has been released in 2002.

Felix Hernandez

Félix Abraham Hernández (nicknamed "King Felix"), was born on April 8, 1986, in Valencia, Venezuela. He is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Seattle Mariners.

Avatar: The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth

Avatar: The Last Airbender—The Burning Earth (in Europe known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang—The Burning Earth) is a video game for Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 2, Nintendo DS, Game Boy Advance, and based on the animated television series "". It was one of the last games released for the Game Boy Advance in North America. The game was followed by a sequel, "", around a year later.

The Xbox 360 version of the game is notorious among 360 gamers as the easiest game to earn 1000/1000 achievement points, which can be done in less than a minute.

The game is the sequel of "" series, which is about the war the Fire Nation started. As the Avatar, Aang has to master all four elements and stop the from destroying the Earth Kingdom, just as they did with the Air Nomads. Experience for first time in the Avatar games the bending of all four elements, playing as Aang, Sokka, Katara, Toph, Zuko, Iroh, Jet and even Appa and Momo. The game is based on the .

Unlike "", "Avatar: The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth" features a multiplayer mode. In each stage, two characters can explore the area. Animal allies, Momo and Appa, appear in special "dramatic air battles." Players can also use all four bending styles. Another feature is Aang's ability to go into the Avatar State and unleash its power on enemies.


Bosses in DS version



The Xbox 360 version of the game is derided as the easiest game to earn all achievements and Gamerscore among all titles released for the platform. The game features just five achievements, and all 1000 Gamerscore can be easily earned in just 59 seconds in the first level of the game. The publisher of the game was interviewed by MTV.com game blogger Tracey John, regarding the easiness of the achievements, and stated that they were simply created with kids in mind.

Laura Massey referred to the controversy while watching a trailer during Microsoft's Kinect reveal at E3 in 2010.


Faust (opera)

Faust is a grand opera in five acts. The music was composed by Charles Gounod. The French libretto was written by Jules Barbier and Michel Carré. The libretto was based on Carré's play "Faust et Marguerite". Carre's play was, in turn, based on the first past of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "Faust". The opera was first performed at the Théâtre-Lyrique in Paris on 19 March 1859. It was well received. The opera was Gounod's greatest success. 

"Faust" was one of the most popular operas of the 19th century. It was the first opera to be performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in October 1883. It is an expensive opera to perform because of its large cast and many sets and costumes. Productions of the opera have declined since 1950. References to the opera have been frequent in other media. It is the opera being performed in the 1925 silent movie "The Phantom of the Opera", for example. Despite its cost, the opera is still performed. It is number 35 on the Operabase list of the most-performed operas worldwide.


The opera takes place in Germany during the 16th century.

Doctor Faust is an aging scholar. He decides that his studies have come to nothing. They have only caused him to miss out on life and love ("Rien! En vain j'interroge"). He tries to kill himself with poison. He stops when he hears a choir. He curses science and faith. He asks for guidance from Satan. Méphistophélès appears ("duet: Me voici"). He tempts Faust with a vision of the beautiful Marguerite at her spinning wheel. He persuades Faust to buy Méphistophélès's services on earth in exchange for Faust's in Hell. Faust's cup of poison magically becomes an elixir of youth. He drinks it. The aged doctor becomes a handsome young man. The two companions then set out into the world.

Near the city gates, students, soldiers, and villagers sing a drinking song ("Vin ou Bière"). Valentin is leaving for war with his friend Wagner. Valentin asks his young friend Siébel to take care of his sister Marguerite ("O Sainte Medaille"). Méphistophélès appears. He provides the crowd with wine. He sings a rousing song about the Golden Calf ("Le veau d'or"). Méphistophélès says bad things about Marguerite. Valentin tries to strike him with his sword. The sword shatters in the air. Valentin and his friends use the cross-shaped hilts of their swords to drive off what they now know is an infernal power (chorus: "De l'enfer"). Méphistophélès is joined by Faust. The villagers dance a waltz ("Ainsi que la brise légère"). Marguerite appears. Faust declares his admiration. She declines to walk with Faust out of modesty.

In Marguerite's garden, the lovesick Siébel leaves a bouquet for Marguerite ("Faites-lui mes aveux"). Faust sends Méphistophélès in search of a gift for Marguerite and sings a cavatina ("Salut, demeure chaste et pure") idealizing Marguerite as a pure child of nature. Méphistophélès brings in a decorated box containing exquisite jewelry and a hand mirror and leaves it on Marguerite's doorstep, next to Siébel's flowers. Marguerite enters, pondering her encounter with Faust at the city gates, and sings a melancholy ballad about the King of Thulé ("Il était un roi de Thulé"). 

Marthe, Marguerite's neighbour, notices the jewellery and says it must be from an admirer. Marguerite tries on the jewels and is captivated by how they enhance her beauty, as she sings in the famous aria, the "Jewel Song" ("Ah! je ris de me voir si belle en ce miroir"). Méphistophélès and Faust join the women in the garden and romance them. Marguerite allows Faust to kiss her ("Laisse-moi, laisse-moi contempler ton visage"), but then asks him to go away. She sings at her window for his quick return, and Faust, listening, returns to her. Under the watchful eye and malevolent laughter of Méphistophélès, it is clear that Faust's seduction of Marguerite will be successful.

"Marguerite's room / A public square outside her house / A cathedral"
[Note: The scenes of acts 4 and 5 are sometimes given in a different order and portions are sometimes shortened or cut in performance.] 

After being impregnated and abandoned by Faust, Marguerite has given birth and is a social outcast. She sings an aria at her spinning wheel ("Il ne revient pas"). Siébel stands by her. The scene shifts to the square outside Marguerite's house. Valentin's company returns from the war to a military march ("Deposons les armes" and "Gloire immortelle de nos aïeux", the well-known "soldiers' chorus"). Siébel asks Valentin to forgive Marguerite. Valentin rushes to her cottage. While he is inside Faust and Méphistophélès appear, and Méphistophélès, thinking that only Marguerite is there, sings a mocking burlesque of a lover's serenade under Marguerite's window ("Vous qui faites l'endormie"). Valentin comes out of the cottage, now knowing that Faust has debauched his sister. The three men fight, Méphistophélès blocking Valentin's sword, allowing Faust to make the fatal thrust. With his dying breath Valentin blames Marguerite for his death and condemns her to Hell before the assembled townspeople ("Ecoute-moi bien Marguerite"). Marguerite goes to the church and tries to pray there but is stopped, first by Méphistophélès and then by a choir of devils. She finishes her prayer but faints when she is cursed again by Méphistophélès.

"The Harz Mountains on Walpurgis Night / A cavern / The interior of a prison"

Méphistophélès and Faust are surrounded by witches ("Un, deux et trois"). Faust is transported to a cave of queens and courtesans, and Méphistophélès promises to provide Faust with the love of the greatest and most beautiful women in history. An orgiastic ballet suggests the revelry that continues throughout the night. As dawn approaches, Faust sees a vision of Marguerite and calls for her. Méphistophélès helps Faust enter the prison where Marguerite is being held for killing her child. They sing a love duet ("Oui, c'est toi que j'aime"). Méphistophélès states that only a mortal hand can deliver Marguerite from her fate, and Faust offers to rescue her from the hangman, but she prefers to trust her fate to God and His angels ("Anges purs, anges radieux"). At the end she asks why Faust's hands are covered in blood, pushes him away, and falls down motionless. Méphistophélès curses, as a voice on high sings "Sauvée!" ("Saved!"). The bells of Easter sound and a chorus of angels sings "Christ est ressuscité!" ('"Christ is risen!"). The walls of the prison open, and Marguerite's soul rises to heaven. In despair Faust follows it with his eyes; he falls to his knees and prays. Méphistophélès is turned away by the shining sword of the archangel.



Avatar: The Last Airbender – Into the Inferno

Avatar: The Last Airbender – Into the Inferno (known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang — Into the Inferno in Europe) is a video game based on the Nickelodeon animated series "". The game's setting is based upon the show's . The game was released on 13 October 2008 in North America and on 1 November 2008 in Europe. An Xbox 360 version was released on 31 October 2008 in Europe.

Gameplay styles vary on different platforms. In the Nintendo DS version, the characters have very large heads, giving the game a cartoonish, or chibi, feel. One of the DS screenshots show that Katara's ice bridge ability will return from the previous games. Sokka's boomerang is used to break hard to reach objects or to solve puzzles; it has been discovered (from the screenshots) that the player draws a path for the boomerang to follow. Toph can earthbend small platforms to get over gaps with spikes.

On the Wii version there's a totally new way to play. Fire, rocks and water can all be picked up by holidng the B button and are guided using the Wii remote provided there is a nearby source. Aang can form an "air ball" (sphere of high winds) to break down obstacles and blow away objects by making a circle with the Wii Remote. Toph can lift up Earth and throw it, pull earth out of walls and lift it up to make pillars. Katara can bend water to put out fires and can freeze it into a block by shaking the nunchuck. Ice can also be pulled out of water falls ice pillars can be made. Zuko can guide fire and burn things. Aang is unique, in that he can bend all four elements, although he only fights using Airbending. Sokka however throws his boomerang when the B button is pressed and uses the Wii remote to aim.






Lucia di Lammermoor

Lucia di Lammermoor is an Italian opera in three acts. Salvatore Cammarano wrote the libretto (story and words). Gaetano Donizetti wrote the music. The opera is based on Sir Walter Scott's novel, "The Bride of Lammermoor".

The opera was first performed on September 26, 1835 at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, Italy. Fanny Tacchinardi-Persiani played the title role. The opera is celebrated for the sextet "Chi mi frena" and Lucia's lengthy Mad Scene, a technically and dramatically demanding double-aria "tour de force". The opera was a great success. Every number received a tremendous ovation. Donizetti and the cast were called forth for numerous curtain calls. The opera is number 19 on the Operabase list of the most performed operas worldwide.


Background. The story is set in the early 18th century at Lammermoor Castle in Scotland. Two noble families the Ashtons and the Ravenswoods are bitter enemies. They have very nearly exterminated one another with constant warring. Enrico Ashton is almost broke. He has arranged a marriage for Lucia with a rich man. He hopes this marriage will relieve his money troubles. He is aware however that Lucia is in love Edgardo Ravenswood.

Act One. Normanno and others search the castle gardens for an intruder. They believe it is Edgardo on his way to meet Lucia. Enrico has marriage plans for Lucia, and vows to end her affair with his mortal enemy. Lucia waits for Edgardo in another part of the garden. She says she has seen the ghost of a maiden who died for love. Her maid believes this is a bad omen. Edgardo enters. He tells Lucia he must leave for France on family business. He hopes to make his peace with Enrico and marry Lucia. They exchange rings.

Act Two. Enrico has decided Lucia will marry Arturo at once. He knows she will resist, so he shows her a forged letter. It says that Edgardo has found a new lover. Lucia is crushed. Raimondo urges her to marry Arturo. Arturo arrives, and, with the stunned Lucia, signs the marriage contract. Edgardo suddenly enters and discovers Lucia's signature on the marriage contract. He curses her, and throws his ring on the floor.

Act Three. The wedding has taken place. Arturo and Lucia have retired to the bridal chamber. Raimondo interrupts the festivities in the Great Hall. He says Lucia is insane and has stabbed her husband to death. Lucia enters carrying a dagger. Her gown is smeared with blood. She acts disoriented. She imagines she is beside Edgardo, and soon to be married to him. She collapses and is carried away. Outside the castle, Edgardo learns that Lucia has died. He stabs himself, hoping to be united in death with Lucia.



Who Feels Love?

"Who Feels Love?" is a song by the rock band Oasis. It was written by the band's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. It became the second single to be released from the album "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants". The song reached number 4 on the UK singles charts. The single was a success, but it failed to achieve a Silver or better certification in the UK. The previous 11 British Oasis singles had reached this level of certification.

The album was noted for its psychedelic feel, and "Who Feels Love?" was the best example of this. Mark Stent was praised for his production on the song, creating a "trippy" feel like that found on Beatles songs such as "Rain". With the psychedelic and Eastern sound, the song also reminds of George Harrison achievements like "Within You Without You" and also some of his solo work. 

However, despite the high-quality production, the song was not well received by the critics, "NME" said that the production "triumphs over any real sort of feeling... pure mock Maharishi spirituality that not even Liam can salvage from the realm of self-parody".

One of the B-sides is a cover of The Beatles' "Helter Skelter". It was played live during the Shoulders tour of 2000.

The video was filmed in Death Valley, California. 

Rigoletto

Rigoletto is an Italian opera in three acts. Giuseppe Verdi wrote the music. Francesco Maria Piave wrote the libretto (words and story). Piave based his libretto on Victor Hugo's play .

"Rigoletto" was first performed at the in Venice on March 11, 1851. Verdi composed the opera in the middle years of his career. The story and music were a change from many of the operas at the time.

It was a great success, and today it is still one of the most popular operas. The most famous aria (song) from the opera is ("Women always change their minds"). Many tenors sing this aria in concerts.
The story takes place in Mantua, a city in Italy. The time is the 16th century. Rigoletto is a jester who works for the Duke of Mantua. Gilda is Rigoletto's daughter. Gilda and the Duke are in love. Rigoletto thinks that the Duke has stolen Gilda and taken her to his palace. He pays money to Sparafucile to kill the Duke. Gilda wants to save the Duke. That night, she dresses in men's clothes and takes his place. Sparafucile thinks she is the Duke and kills her. He puts Gilda's dead body in a bag and gives the bag to Rigoletto. Rigoletto opens the bag. He sees that his daughter has been killed, not the Duke.




Terror birds

Terror birds, the family Phorusrhacidae, were large carnivorous flightless birds. They were the dominant predators in South America during the Cainozoic, from 53–0.1 million years ago. They were roughly 1–3 meters (3–10 feet) tall. 

"Titanis walleri", one of the larger species, is known from Texas and Florida in North America. This makes the phorusrhacids the only known example of large South American predators migrating north during the Great American Interchange. This took place after the volcanic Isthmus of Panama land bridge rose about three million years ago.

A recently discovered species is "Kelenken guillermoi" from the middle of the Miocene some 15 million years ago. It was found in Patagonia in 2006. It had the largest bird skull yet found. The fossil has been described as having a nearly intact skull. The beak is roughly long and curves in a hook shape that resembles an eagle's beak. Most species described as phorusrhacid were smaller, tall, but the new fossil belongs to a bird that probably stood about tall. The large terror birds were nimble and quick runners able to reach speeds of .

Simulations of a terror bird strike produced by the Discovery Channel using a pneumatic model showed the larger species could easily crush the skull of its prey and puncture through bone with its beak. They had a fearsome weapon, a beak which could be driven into prey with the force of a sledgehammer. They could run at speed over long distances. The Phorusrhacids are colloquially known as "terror birds". The larger species were apex predators during the Miocene.

Well-known genera:

Phorusrhacos

Phorusrhacos was a genus of giant predatory flightless birds which lived in Patagonia. The terror birds lived in woodlands and grasslands. Remains are known from several localities in the Santa Cruz Province, of Argentina.

"Phorusrhacos" stood around 2.5 meters (8 ft) tall and weighed approximately 130 kilograms (280 lbs). It was nicknamed the "Terror Bird" for obvious reasons: it was one of the largest carnivorous birds ever to have existed, along with "Titanis", "Kelenken" and "Brontornis". Its rudimentary wings had claws shaped like a meat hook for tackling prey, which was then killed with the massive beak. It ate small mammals and carrion. 

Its skull was up to sixty centimeters long, armed with a powerful, hook-tipped beak. The structure of the beak and the large claws on the toes show that this was a bird of prey. It raced over the grassy plateaus and hills of Patagonia, catching small reptiles and mammals leaving larger prey to its more massive relatives such as "Brontornis". 


Alessandro Santos

Santos was born in Maringá, Brazil on July 20, 1977. He moved to Japan in 1994. After graduating from Meitoku Gijuku High School, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in 1997. He played as many matches as left side midfielder from first season. In 1999, the club won the 2nd place and he received the "J.League MVP". In Asia, the club won the champions 1999–00 Asian Cup Winners' Cup and the 3rd place 2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 2004, he joined Urawa Reds. After won the 2nd place at J1 League for 2 years in a row (2004, 2005), the club won the champions in 2006 J1 League. In January 2007, he was loaned out to Red Bull Salzburg. He went back to Urawa in January 2008. He received a serious injury in a test match and had only one appearance in this season. In July 2009, he agreed to move to Nagoya Grampus. He made 55 appearances for the club, before joining J2 League side Tochigi SC for the 2013 season. He made 25 appearances there, scoring twice. In January 2014, he joined fellow J2 League team FC Gifu.

In November 2001, Santos obtained Japanese citizenship. He made his first appearance for Japan national team on March 21, 2002 against Ukraine, and he was part of Philippe Troussier's selection for the 2002 World Cup. He was the second foreign-born person to play for Japan in the World Cup after Wagner Lopes, who played in the 1998 World Cup and also the fifth naturalized citizen to play for Japan after Daishiro Yoshimura, George Yonashiro, Ruy Ramos, and Lopes.

Since Zico took over as the national team manager, Santos was a constant on the left side of the Japanese lineup, as a side back in 4-4-2 formation or midfielder in 3-5-2 formation. At 2004 Asian Cup, he played full time in all 6 matches and Japan won the champions. He was selected to Japan's 2006 World Cup squad in May 2006, providing an assist for Keiji Tamada in a group stage match against his former country Brazil. He played 82 games and scored 7 goals for Japan until 2006.

396||71||51||10||36||4||13||3||496||88
20||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||1||0||21||1
416||72||51||10||36||4||14||3||517||89

!Total||82||7

Morning Glory (Oasis song)

"Morning Glory" is a song by the rock band Oasis. The song was written by Noel Gallagher, and which was released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? in September 1995. It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States.

The Importance of Being Idle

"The Importance of Being Idle" is a song on the English rock band Oasis. It is from their sixth album, "Don't Believe the Truth". The song is written and sung by lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. It was the second single released from the album in the UK, on 22 August 2005, where it debuted at number one. It was also the first time that Oasis earned two successive number ones in the same calendar year. It was written by Gallagher in the summer of 2004, before the band made their final attempt at recording what would become "Don't Believe the Truth". He got the title from the book of the same name, which he found whilst cleaning out his garage (it belonged not to him but to girlfriend Sara McDonald).

List of Oasis band members

This is a List of Oasis band members.












List of songs recorded by Oasis

This is a comprehensive list of songs by English rock band Oasis. Since forming in 1994, the band have released seven studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, one extended play (EP), thirty singles and five video albums. This list does not contain live versions or remixes released by the band.

José Bonaparte

José F. Bonaparte (14 June 1928 – 18 February 2020) was a paleontologist from Argentina. He discovered and named many new dinosaurs from South America, including "Noasaurus", "Carnotaurus", "Saltasaurus", "Kritosaurus", "Alvarezsaurus", "Riojasaurus", and many, many others. He also discovered or described a number of archosaurs and primitive birds (such as "Iberomesornis") and assisted with the study of other dinosaurs, like "Giganotosaurus". 

He was born in Rosario, Argentina, and grew up in Mercedes, Buenos Aires. Despite a lack of formal training in paleontology, he started collecting fossils at an early age, and created a museum in his home town. Bonaparte was considered to be one of the greatest and most successful modern paleontologists. 

He was Professor of Palaeozoology at the Universidad Nacional de Tucumán from 1975 to 1979, and director of the palaeovertebrate section between 1960 and 1978.

Bonaparte died on 18 February 2020 in Mercedes, Argentina at the age of 91.

Drowning Pool

Drowning Pool, often known as DP, are an alternative metal band from Texas in America. The most popular song they have brought out is "Bodies" which is often called "Let The Bodies Hit The Floor" because of the repeated line in the chorus. They have brought out five albums on the record label Eleven Seven, and have one live album out called "Loudest Common Denominator".

Drowning Pool formed in Dallas, Texas in 1996. Guitarist C.J. Pierce and drummer Mike Luce formed Drowning Pool after relocating from New Orleans, Louisiana, to Dallas. There, they found and recruited bassist Stevie Benton. For a few years they stuck to performing as an instrumental trio

In 1999, with the arrival of vocalist Dave Williams. After recording a demo, Drowning Pool hooked up with Sevendust which got Drowning Pool in touch with Hed PE and Kittie. After touring with these bands, Drowning Pool got their demos enough radio play to get signed by Wind-up Records. The band made music with producer Jay Baumgardner.

In 2000, Drowning Pool released a six-track EP called Pieces Of Nothing (with I Am, Bodies, Follow, Tear Away, Less Than Zero and Told You So).

Drowning Pool rose to fame with debut album and played at the Ozzfest in 2001. Their 2001 debut album "Sinner" was certified platinum within six weeks. A number of songs from the album were featured at various WWF events that year, and three tracks would be included on the soundtrack for the Funimation dub of in early 2002.

On August 14 that year, Dave Williams was found dead inside his tour bus. He died from an undiagnosed heart condition, now known to be cardiomyopathy. When asked if the band had any unreleased songs, according to a 2002 Blabbermouth article, drummer Mike Luce replied that "only 3-4 songs were done, including one called "Heroes," which is a tribute to dead rock musicians such as Layne Staley. I don't know if we will ever release them."

In 2003, Jason 'Gong' Jones replaced Williams as Drowning Pool's vocalist

The band released the album "Desensitized" in 2004. Despite the success of the album's lead single, "Step Up," the album was not nearly as successful as "Sinner", and it was publicly announced on June 14, 2005 that Jones had departed from the band, due to "irreconcilable differences". The band announced that their replacement singer would be formally announced at Ozzfest in Dallas, where the band did a one-off performance on the main stage. On July 20, 2005, the website SMNNews revealed that Ryan McCombs, then former singer of SOiL, was the new vocalist. The band initially wanted McCombs to join Drowning Pool as the replacement of Dave Williams, nearly two years prior. In spring of 2006, the band announced that they had parted ways with Wind-up Records. In October 2006, a new song "No More" was announced to be released on the "Saw III" soundtrack, their first song (besides a re-recorded version of "Rise Up") with McCombs. The bands recorded version of "Rise Up", was used as the theme song for WWE SmackDown from September 30, 2004 – September 26, 2008. The band signed a new deal with Eleven Seven Music and also announced a new management company, Tenth Street Entertainment.

The band's third album, "Full Circle", was released on August 7, 2007. Two songs on the album were produced by Funny Farm Records, owned by Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx and former Beautiful Creatures guitarist DJ Ashba. The remaining songs were produced by Ben Schigel at the Ohio-based Spider Studios. The band then toured with Saliva in North America and also Sick Puppies and Seether in support of the album. Later in the year, work on a fourth album was announced. On March 3, 2009, the band released a live album, "Loudest Common Denominator", which featured acoustic versions of "Shame" and "37 Stitches" from "Full Circle".

The band finished recording their self-titled album with producer Kato Khandwala at House of Loud in New Jersey. It was the first studio album in the band's history not to feature a change of vocalist from the preceding album. The album's first single "Feel Like I Do", was released as a free download on their official website, and the album was released on April 27, 2010. On November 7, 2011, C.J. Pierce and Mike Luce announced a new project with former Nonpoint members Zach Broderick and Ken McMillan titled Voodoo Corps. In November 2011, McCombs left the band to reunite with SOiL for touring and a new album. The band, now once again without a singer, began writing new material for a fifth studio album while holding vocalist auditions.

In July 2012, Jasen Moreno, from The Suicide Hook, was announced to be the band's new vocalist. On August 14, the 10th anniversary of Dave Williams' death, the band released a song in tribute of him, their first with Moreno titled "In Memory Of...". Two further singles were released with Moreno, "Saturday Night" in November 2012, and "One Finger and a Fist" in December 2012

The band released their fifth album, "Resilience", on April 9, 2013. On September 10, the band announced that they would celebrate the thirteenth anniversary of "Sinner" with a U.S. tour starting from October 22, in which they plan to dig deep into the songs from their debut album. Drowning Pool released a reissue of their album "Sinner" called the "Unlucky 13th Anniversary Edition" in 2014.

The band signed to eOne Music in August 2015. On October 13, it was announced the band's sixth album titled "Hellelujah" would be released January 22 via eOne Music with producer Jason Suecof. The date was later postponed to February 5.

On November 19, the band released new single from their "Hellelujah" album called "By the Blood".

On May 17, 2016 the band announced that they would be taking part in the Make America Rock Again super tour on select dates throughout the summer and fall 2016. The tour featured other artists who had success throughout the 2000s, including Trapt, Saliva, Saving Abel, Crazy Town, 12 Stones and Tantric, Fuel, Puddle Of Mudd and P.O.D..




Manon

Manon is a French opera in five acts by Jules Massenet, first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris, on March 19, 1884, libretto by Henri Meilhac et Philippe Gile, after the Abbé Antoine-François Prévost's "L'histoire du Chevalier des Grieux et de Manon Lescaut". An immediate success, it has remained one of the most popular of French operas.



Desensitized (Drowning Pool album)

Desensitized is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Drowning Pool. It was their first album after the death of vocalist Dave Williams as well as the first and only album to feature Jason 'Gong' Jones as vocalist. The album debuted at #17 on the Billboard 200 chart.

Achillobator

Achillobator is a dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous period of what is now Mongolia. It lived about 90 million years ago. 

It was probably an active predator, hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each foot. It was a large dromaeosaurid: the first and only individual specimen found is estimated at being 5 meters (17 feet) long. The name comes from Achilles, a famous ancient Greek warrior of the Trojan War. It refers to the large Achilles tendon needed to use the sickle claw on the foot, which was the major weapon of dromaeosaurids. The one species is named "A. giganticus" because it is much larger than other dromaeosaurids.

Full Circle (Drowning Pool album)

Full Circle is the third album from hard rock band Drowning Pool. It is their first release with former Soil singer Ryan McCombs, who joined the band after the departure of Jason 'Gong' Jones in 2005. It was released on August 7, 2007. This album has more of a post-grunge sound compared to the last two releases by the band and is less heavy as well. The first single off the album, "Soldiers," is dedicated to all the men and women of the United States Army.

Sinner (Drowning Pool album)

Sinner is the first album by nu metal band Drowning Pool. The album is the band's most popular, reaching platinum only six weeks after it came out. This was thought to be because of the song "Bodies", often known as "Let The Bodies Hit The Floor", which remains the band's most well-known song. This was the only album to have lead singer Dave Williams. While touring in support of "Sinner", he died on August 14, 2002 from heart failure. The album debuted at #14 on the Billboard 200 chart.

Drowning Pool (album)

Drowning Pool is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Drowning Pool. It was released on April 27, 2010 and marks the band's first album not to feature a new singer, as Ryan McCombs remained with Drowning Pool from their 2007 release.

Turn So Cold

"Turn So Cold" is a single from the successful band Drowning Pool.

Noel Gallagher

Noel Thomas David Gallagher (born 29 May 1967) is a British musician and singer-songwriter. 

Gallagher was the former lead guitarist and main songwriter for the band Oasis. He left the band in 2009 following an argument with his younger brother and Oasis' frontman Liam. 

In 2011 he released his first solo album "Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds". The band's second album "Chasing Yesterday" was released 2 March 2015.


Future of the Earth

The future of the Earth will depend on many things, including increases in the brightness of the Sun, loss of heat energy from the Earth's core and change of the planet's orbit by the other things in the Solar System. The Milankovitch theory says the planet will continue to go into glaciation cycles because of the planet's difference in orbit from a perfect circle, the axis of the planet tilting, and pushing of the Earth's orbit. As part of the supercontinent cycle, plate tectonics may create a supercontinent within 250 million–350 million years. Some time in the next 1.5 billion–4.5 billion years, the axis's tilt may begin to change into bad versions, with changes in the axis's tilt of up to 90°.

One billion to two billion years in the future, the increase in solar radiation caused by the helium build-up at the core of the Sun will result in the loss of the oceans and the cessation of continental drift. Four billion years from now, the increase in the Earth's surface temperature will cause a bad greenhouse effect. By that point, most if not all the life on the Earth will be gone. The most likely fate of the planet is being destroyed by the Sun in about 7.5 billion years, after the star has entered the red giant phase and expanded to cross the planet's orbit.

Humans now play a top role in the biosphere, with the large amount of people in many of Earth's ecosystems. This has caused a widespread, ongoing extinction of other species known as the Holocene extinction. The Holocene extinction event is the result of habitat destruction, the large distribution of invasive species, hunting and climate change.

The energy generation of the Sun is based upon changing of hydrogen into helium. This occurs in the core region of the star.

When the Sun first became a main sequence star, it radiated only 70% of the current luminosity. The luminosity has increased in a nearly linear fashion to the present, increasing by 1% every 110 million years. In three billion years the Sun is expected to be 33% more luminous. The hydrogen fuel at the core will finally be limited in 4.8 billion years, when the Sun will be 67% more luminous than at present. Thereafter the Sun will continue to burn hydrogen in a shell surrounding its core, until the increase in luminosity reaches 121% of the present value. This marks the end of the Sun's main sequence lifetime, and thereafter it will be into a red giant.


American Library Association

The American Library Association (ALA) is an organization which does not receive money. It is in the United States. It helps libraries and library education all over the world. It is the oldest and largest library association in the world. It has more than 62,000 members.
Justin Winsor, Charles Ammi Cutter, Samuel Swett Green, James L. Whitney, Melvil Dewey, Fred B. Perkins and Thomas W. Bicknell began the organization in 1876. It began in Philadelphia, but its head office is in Chicago now. Anybody can join, but most of its members are librarians. Most members live and work in the United States. Members from other countries make up about 3.5% of the members.

About Charles Ammi Cutter

B.o.B

Bobby Ray Simmons Jr. (born November 15, 1988 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina) is an American rapper and record producer, known professionally B.o.B. In 2006, B.o.B was signed to Jim Jonsin's label Rebel Rock Entertainment.

B.o.B has released 3 studio albums:

Pontiac Firebird

The Pontiac Firebird was a car built by the Pontiac division of General Motors from 1967 to 2002 and they made four generations of it. The Firebird was succeeded by the Pontiac GTO. 


Craig Newmark

Craig Alexander Newmark (born December 6, 1952 in Morristown, New Jersey) is the founder of Craigslist. He currently lives in San Francisco.

Newmark is Jewish, which he mentioned in a interview.

Newmark achieved a Bachelor of Science degree in 1975 and a Master of Science degree in 1977 while attending Case Western Reserve University.

Avatar: The Last Airbender (video game)

Avatar: The Last Airbender (known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang in Europe) is a video game based on the for Game Boy Advance, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo GameCube, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Wii, and Xbox. 

The game was a launch title for the Wii in Western territories (USA).

The "Avatar: The Last Airbender" video game allows the player to control one of four characters - Aang, Katara, Haru, or Sokka - in a single-player adventure. Each character uses his or her own fighting style. He or she can get new special powers through experience from defeating enemies. Many different items can help the player during battle (armor, chi, enchanted accessories, and healing potions). 

The console versions of the game were developed by THQ Studio Australia.


Aang, a 12-year-old boy, is the main hero of the story. He is the present Avatar (the spirit of the planet as a human). As the Avatar, Aang must master all four elements to bring peace to the world and stop the war, which started 100 years ago. Katara, Sokka and Haru helped him to do it. Many characters from the show appear on this game such as Prince Zuko. However, Zuko had a small part in the game, only appearing in cutscenes. King Bumi also appears in the fourth level.

While training in the North Pole, Aang and Katara hear reports of a waterbender, Hiryu, going missing, which they investigate. They arrive at the Water Tribe as a Fire Nation ship attacks, led by Prince Zuko. They are able to fend off the attackers, but Katara is captured during the battle. Aang and Sokka follow the ship, but are slowed by a Firebending machine.

They follow the ship to an Earth Kingdom port and they free Katara, who informs them of another prisoner named Lian the Maker, who is being forced to make machines for the Fire Nation. When they arrive at Lian’s cell, they find it empty, except for a map to an Earth Kingdom village.

They find the village under attack by machines. After fending off the machines, picking up Haru and being informed that one of his earthbending friends Yuan was kidnapped, they travel to the library of Omashu for clues to where the machines might originate from. The information from the library leads them to an uncharted island.

On the island, they find Lian, making more machines. She fears that Aang will not be able to master all four elements before Sozin’s comet arrives. Aang refused her help, seeing as how the machines were disrupting villages. Lian then voiced her contempt for him as she sends a machine to fight them to flee to the Air temple, attempting to destroy the Avatar statues. They stop Lian, but Katara, Sokka, and Haru are captured by another machine.

Aang pursues Lian and the machine to a fortress. After Aang rescues his friends, they find Zuko, also captured by a machine. Upon rescuing him, Zuko attacks the group, but he is knocked over. After that, Aang enter the Avatar State and killed Lian.


Dromornis

Dromornis is a genus of fossil flightless birds. It lived in Australia from the late Miocene to the early Pliocene. This means early humans never met this animal. 

"Dromornis" had a huge beak and jaw capable of great force. It did not have the typical beak and claws of a carnivore, and its life style is not certain. Though they looked like giant emus, the "Dromornis" are more closely related to geese. 

"Dromornis stirtoni" was three metres (10 feet) tall and weighed up to half a ton (500 kilos). It inhabited subtropical open woodland in Australia during the late Miocene. It may have been partly carnivorous. It was heavier than the Moa and taller than "Aepyornis". 

"D. stirtoni" had a long neck and stub-like wings, so it was flightless. Its legs were powerful, but it was not a fast runner. The bird's beak was large and immensely powerful, leading early researchers to believe that it was used to shear through tough plant stalks. However, others have argued that the size of the beak suggests that the bird was a carnivore. There were forests and a permanent water supply where the "Dromornis" birds lived, although the climate was unpredictable.

"Dromornis" are part of a family of giant birds called Dromornithidae that lived from 15 million years ago until less than 30,000 years ago. Australasia had started to separate from other continents as Gondwana started to break up in the Mesozoic era. 

Australia's last connection with Antarctica broke about 40 million years ago. Since then the animals of Australasia (Australia and New Guinea) evolved slowly in almost complete isolation from the animals of other continents, except for the occasional immigrant species from Asia. 


Beatrix Potter

Helen Beatrix Potter (28 July 1866 – 22 December 1943) was an English writer, illustrator, mycologist and conservationist. She was perhaps most historically famous and also perhaps best notable and most prominently remembered for having written up and also having published several classic children's storybooks with which are all about and mostly based loosely on the narrative tales of amongst several of her classic and most beloved animal characters such as "The Tale of Peter Rabbit".

Potter was born on 28 July 1866 in England and she was then raised and eventually grew up in Kensington, London during the early childhood stages of her life. She was somehow and pretty well-off and her whole family was also quite rich and even became extremely wealthy overnight at the next and in between the period of time from directly onwards and just shortly at right after when her father Rupert William Potter, who had also great multi-artistic talents and was also an adept amateur photographer, had wisely invested a large part of their family income and hard-earned savings in the stock exchange market during the early 1890's. She was also surrounded as well as highly taught and intellectually educated by many governesses while throughout and during her growing teenage and adolescent years. Although, she did not have as many friends at while all throughout and at during in her entire lifetime period and longtime writing career, but she did rather was surrounded by the beautiful mother nature and on while on the contrary and also on the other hand, she otherwise had rather been surrounded up by many loving pets, including Benjamin and Peter, 2 favorite pet rabbits, the latter of which would be her prominent basis and much favorable namesake for her very first and most beloved storybook character mascot. She had also spent most of her happy holidays in Scotland and the Lake District. There, she eventually began to learn to love nature, plants and animals, by which she had also carefully sketched, artistically illustrated and creatively painted and also thus on became interested at painting and favorably loved to paint pictures of them.

By around the time when she was around at the age of 30 and from there onwards, Potter had then on written up and also then officially published her first original and classic children's storybook entitled "The Tale of Peter Rabbit". It was a very widely popular classic children's story and had mostly universal appeal to lots of people of all ages, especially to amongst all young children. She also at one point on in the time of her life became romantically engaged to her then-publisher Norman Warne. Both of her parents unfortunately disapproved of this and thus so became very angry with her as they disputed over the love affair and thereby tumultuosly separated with her because of this as they really did not want her to marry someone who was socially lower than her. However, Warne had unexpectedly died just before he and Potter could even officially marry each other. Eventually, both of Potter's parents had then forgiven her and eventually reconciled with her, and thus she and her whole other family members had happily reunited together once again.

Potter then went and moved on with her life and also began on with prominently writing up and even creatively illustrating multiple classic children's storybooks along with many illustrative background designs and distinctive character sketches within the pages of her storybooks at over full-time. Fortunately, she did not have to depend on her parents anymore for any help and much support and did not even need to ask her parents for any more money because she already had enough self-earned money of her own from out of writing and publishing a lot of her prominent children's storybooks. In time, she then bought out Hill Top Farm and even purchased some more huge tracks of land. While then on at throughout and during much later in her 40's, she then married William Heelis, a local solicitor. She also began raising sheep and thus became a farmer, though she still continued on with writing her storybooks based on the epic tales of her several classic beloved animal characters. She has perhaps written and published over 23 classic children's storybooks to date during most of all the time of her life.

Potter eventually married William Heelis in 1913 and their marriage had lasted for about 30 years on until the time of her death in 1943. Although, the couple never had any children while living together on since during the years of their marriage. She had then on since suffered from a congenital heart problem and had died of a cardiovascular heart disease and pneumonia in Near Sawrey, Lancashire at the age of 77 on 22 December 1943. Almost all of her whole life-savings from within and out of her own entirely self-earned money from out of writing up her classic children's stories and publishing her books and all of the money by which she had also thus inherited on from the time of the death of her immediate family members including both of her parents and as well as her younger brother Walter Bertham Potter was entirely left behind with to the National Trust. Her popular classic children's storybooks continued to sell out well around the whole world, while published and stated in many different languages. Her then-widower, Heelis had also eventually died just shortly and right after her passing which was just nearly at in between 1 and 2 years later in sometime on and around August 1945.



Justin Gabriel

Phillip Paul Lloyd (born March 3, 1981) is a South African professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he wrestled under the ring name Justin Gabriel. He is currently wrestling for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and Global Force Wrestling (GFW) under the ring name PJ Black.

Lloyd was the first South African wrestler to compete in the WWE. While performing in Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), he was a one-time FCW Florida Heavyweight Champion and a one-time FCW Florida Tag Team Champion with Kris Logan. He is a former member of The Nexus and The Corre. His finishing move is the 450° splash.

Gabriel had his last televised WWE match on the January 14, 2015 episode of "Main Event" in a loss to Rusev. On January 24, 2015, it was reported by the Wrestling Observer Newsletter that Gabriel had quit WWE, which was a day before the 2015 Royal Rumble which he was scheduled to appear in before he was replaced in the match. The next day, WWE confirmed his release.

On May 6, 2015, Global Force Wrestling (GFW) announced that they had added PJ Black to their roster.

On August 12, Black was a part of an angle, where GFW invaded Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He would go on to defeat Lashley, Chris Mordetzky, Eric Young and Robbie E in a King of the Mountain match and win the vacant TNA King of the Mountain Championship. On August 19, Black faced off against EC3 for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.


Gastornis

Gastornis, formerly known as Diatryma, is an extinct genus of large flightless birds. They lived in the late Paleocene and early Eocene epochs of the Cainozoic. The first remains were discovered in the mid-19th century.

In the 1870s, the famous American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope discovered another, more complete set of fossils in North America, and named them "Diatryma".

The fossil remains of these birds have been found in western-central Europe (England, Belgium, France and Germany) as well as North America. Their life style is in dispute.

"Gastornis parisiensis" measured on average 1.75 metres (5.7 ft) tall, but large individuals grew up to 2 metres (6.6 ft) tall. "Gastornis" had a huge beak with a slightly hooked top, which possibly suggests that it was carnivorous. "Gastornis" had large powerful legs. It had large feet with small talons. Fossil footprints suggest it was a herbivore.

Although North American and Europe were separated by the end of the Cretaceous, there must have been a landbrige still in place somewhere. This is because the European and North American "Diatryma"s were so similar. Other bird and mammal genera also occur on both sides of the (present-day) North Atlantic in the Palaeocene and Eocene. This is evidence that Europe and North America were once connected by dry land in part of the early Cainozoic.

At the time, the environment where "Gastornis" lived had dense forest and a moist to dry subtropical or even tropical climate. North America and Europe were still rather close. Greenland was probably covered with lush woodland and grassland. Only narrow straits of a few 100 km at most would have blocked landbound dispersal of the "Gastornis" ancestors. Land in North American was connected. Their European range was an archipelago, with the Alps building up, and high sea levels in the Paleocene and Eocene. Geographically, it was roughly similar to today's Indonesia.

The majority view is that "Gastornis" was a predator. However, some doubt the bird was agile enough to catch fast-moving prey, and have doubts about the beak being right for carnivory. It may be that "Gastornis" was an ambush hunter, or used pack hunting techniques to pursue or ambush prey. If "Gastornis" was a predator, it would need some way of hunting prey through the dense forest.

Alternatively, they may have been mainly scavengers, omnivores or even herbivores. The large beak of "Gastornis" would have been suited for crushing seeds and tearing off vegetation. It seems rather big for a purely vegetarian diet. Regardless of what these birds ate, the beak may have been used also for social display – its presence in all known fossils argues against a sexual display role. These contradicting hypotheses, which can't be separated by the evidence, make the paleobiology of "Gastornis" unclear.

Similar gigantic birds of the Cenozoic were the South American terror birds (phorusrhacids) and the Australian mihirungs ("Dromornis"). The former were certainly carnivorous, and the latter are suspected of being predators, too. On the other hand, ratites, the flightless giant birds of our time, feed on plants, small vertebrates, and invertebrates.
"Gastornis" were among the largest, if not "the" largest birds alive during the Paleogene. They had few natural enemies or serious competitors. If these huge birds were active hunters, they must have been important apex predators which dominated the forest ecosystems of North America and Europe until the middle Eocene. 

The mid-Eocene saw the rise of large creodont and mesonychid predators in Eurasia and North America. The appearance of these new predators coincides with the decline of "Gastornis" and its relatives. This was possibly due to an increased tendency of mammalian predators to hunt together in packs (especially in the hyaena-like creodonts). We know of no bird which weighed more than half a metric ton. Perhaps they could not evolve to larger sizes. If so, they could not compete by sheer bulk as some mammals can do.

In late Paleocene deposits of Spain and early Eocene deposits of France, shell fragments of huge eggs have turned up in Provence. These are presumably from "Gastornis". 

Some of these fragments were complete enough to reconstruct a size of 24 by 10 cm (about 9.5 by 4 inches) with shells 2.3–2.5 mm (0.09–0.1 in) thick. This is roughly half again as large as an ostrich egg, and very different in shape from the more rounded ratite eggs. 


Lead(II) oxide

Lead(II) oxide, also known as plumbous oxide and litharge, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbO. It has lead in the +2 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

It is a yellow or red solid. When it is heated with charcoal it makes liquid lead metal. It is a crystalline solid. It is highly toxic since it has lead in it. It reacts with acids to make other lead(II) salts and bases to make plumbites.

It can be made by heating lead strongly in air. It can be also made by heating lead carbonate or lead nitrate.

It is made when lead is taken from its ores. The lead sulfide in galena is changed to lead(II) oxide, which is heated with charcoal to make liquid lead. It is used to make lead glass. It used to be used in lead paint.


Yoshihiro Tajiri

Yoshihiro Tajiri (born September 29, 1970 in Tamana, Kumamoto, Japan) is a Japanese professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with WWF/E and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). Tajiri is currently wrestling on the independent circuit under SMASH.

Tajiri has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:



Lead(II,IV) oxide

Lead(II,IV) oxide, also known as lead tetroxide, minium, red lead, or triplumbic tetroxide, is a chemical compound. It contains some lead atoms in the +2 oxidation state and some in the +4 oxidation state. It is used in batteries, paints, and glass. It dissolves in acids. It is made by heating lead(II) oxide in air. It is toxic because it contains lead.

Its formula is Pb3O4. It is commonly said "Sandur".


Flightless birds

Flightless birds are birds which cannot fly. They rely on their ability to run or swim, and have evolved from their flying ancestors. There are about 60 species living today, the best known being the ostrich, emu, cassowary, rhea, kiwi, and penguin. Flightless birds have smaller wing bones and a greatly reduced or absent keel on their breastbone. The keel anchors muscles needed for wing movement. Flightless birds also have more feathers than flying birds.

New Zealand has more species of flightless birds (such as the kiwis, several species of penguins, and the takahe) than any other country. One reason is that until the arrival of humans a thousand years ago, there were no large land predators in New Zealand. The main predators of flightless birds were large eagles.

Some flightless varieties of island birds are closely related to flying varieties. This suggests that the apparatus of flight has a significant biological cost. As soon as birds do not need to fly, there is selection against flight.

The smallest flightless bird is the Inaccessible Island Rail (length 12.5 cm, weight 34.7 g). The largest (both heaviest and tallest) living flightless bird, is the ostrich (2.7 m, 156 kg), although some extinct birds grew to larger sizes.

Flightless birds are easy to take care of in captivity because they do not have to be caged. Ostriches were once farmed for their decorative feathers. Today they are raised for meat and for their skins, which are used to make leather.

There were also other families of flightless birds, such as the now extinct Phorusrhacidae, that evolved to be very powerful terrestrial predators.

A flightless bird is one which has descended from ancestors which had the power of flight. It may seem strange that one of the commonest adaptations in birds is the loss of flight! To understand it one has to understand what the main benefits of flight are to animals which once had been confined to land.

The benefits of flight are all about being able to live on a much wider geographical scale than land-based animals. This is seen to its best with migrating birds, who live their lives in two different latitudes, and get the best from each. The usual system is to lay their eggs and raise their young in one place, and do most of their growth in another place. Even birds which do not migrate do benefit from flying to find nest sites and get their food. Apart from foraging for food, the main benefit of flight is to avoid many of the predators which eat land-based animals.

Understandably, flightless birds are in a minority: of about 10,000 living bird species, only about 60 are flightless. Before human beings arrived on islands, there were many more species of flightless birds. Since the fossil record is never complete, it is not possible to give a count of the number of flightless bird species who were living before mankind left Africa.

Despite this general picture, there have been birds who lost the power of flight soon after flight evolved. The first fossil flightless birds occurred in the Cretaceous period. It has long been recognised that there are circumstances where it is definitely not a good thing to have wings. The connection between oceanic islands and flightlessness was known to Darwin. The explanation is that, first, oceanic islands have few predators. Second, that storms occur which may blow winged birds right off the island so far that they cannot find they way back. Once they lose flight, the land birds can evolve to be larger and heavier, and many do so. "Phorusrhacos" became a dominant land carnivore.

The following are flightless birds during or after the Holocene period.










Monster Energy

Monster Energy is the name of a brand of energy drinks manufactured by Hansen Natural and distributed by Anheuser-Busch (United States), PepsiCo Canada (Canada), Pepsi (Germany), Grupo Jumex (Mexico) and Schweppes (Australia).

In 2020, Monster Energy had a market share of 39% in the energy drink industry. This is the second-largest after Red Bull.

Monster Energy has sponsored many sporting events like the X Games and pays many sportspeople to wear their logo by "And1".

Monster Energy has 260 calories in a can.


Peter Rabbit

Peter Rabbit is a fictional animal character in many children's stories by Beatrix Potter. Peter was different from the traditional hero of that time. He is small, emotional, easily scared, and a not very wise animal. He first came out in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" in 1902. After that, he came out in five more books between 1904 and 1912. Potter made a soft doll shaped like Peter Rabbit, and soon dishes and wallpaper showed pictures of him. He appears as a character in the 1971 ballet movie, "The Tales of Beatrix Potter" and in the BBC series "The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends". He was inspired by Potter's pet rabbit, Peter Piper. In stories, he wears human clothes and walks standing up. His mother is Mrs. Josephine Rabbit, and he has three sisters, Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail. His popularity made Potter say in 1917, "All rabbits "are" called Peter now" – but she added "either Peter or Brer Rabbit."

In 2018, a live-action animated movie was released with James Corden voicing Peter Rabbit.


Bouldering

Bouldering is a type of rock climbing. Bouldering comes without gear, belayer, and associated distractions. As such, it allows a climber to focus completely on the terrain and their movement. It is climbing heights at which the climber does not usually suffer serious injuries in case of a drop. To protect from injuries there are usually special bouldering mats underneath the climber. It is usually practiced on large natural boulders and in climbing gyms.

Boulder routes are called "problems", because this style is like solving climbing-problems. The height of boulder problems is rarely higher than . Otherwise the risk of injuries is too high. Often other climbers, who stand on the ground, spot the climbers to protect them from hitting the ground with the head or the spine.

The equipment used by boulderers is not much. They use special climbing shoes, a bouldering mat, some brushes to clean the grips and sports tape.

Bouldering was invented in the late 19th century. It has been first documented in France, England and Switzerland. It has been practiced for a long time but in the 1930s and 1940s it was practiced for its own sake in Fontainebleau in France.

Today many rock climbers are specialized boulderers and it is their favourite style of climbing.

The Tale of Peter Rabbit

The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It is about the adventures of disobedient, playful young Peter Rabbit as he is chased around the garden of Mr. McGregor. He escapes and goes back home to his mother. The story was written for five-year-old Noel Moore. He was the son of Annie Moore, who had been Potter's governess in 1893. It was corrected and privately printed by Potter in 1901 after several publishers refused to print the book. It was printed by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1902. The book was very successful. It was printed again many times. It has been translated into 36 languages. It sold 45 million copies, and became one of the most popular books of all time.

After it was printed, much merchandise for both children and adults with Peter Rabbit was produced. Toys, dishes, food, clothing, videos and other products showed pictures of Peter Rabbit. Potter was one of the first to begin such merchandise when she made a Peter Rabbit doll in 1903. After that, a Peter Rabbit board game was produced.

At that time, the traditional literary hero was usually a brave, clever, young white male. Yet Peter Rabbit, the hero of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", was a disobedient little rabbit. Through him, Potter greatly changed the traditional "good child" of that time. Peter Rabbit was a character in a 1971 ballet movie, and the tale has been used for a television series.

Peter Rabbit, his sisters Flopsy, Mopsy, Cottontail, and his mother are rabbits. They dress in human clothing and walk standing up. However, like real rabbits, they live in a rabbit-hole under a fir-tree. Mother Rabbit told her children not to go into the garden of Mr. McGregor when she went to the market. This is because their father was made into a pie there. However, while Mrs. Rabbit is at the market and the girls are picking blackberries, Peter enters the garden. There, he eats so many vegetables he becomes sick. After that, Mr. McGregor tries to catch Peter. When Peter loses his jacket and his shoes, Mr. McGregor uses them to dress a scarecrow. Peter is almost caught by Mr. McGregor many times. When he finally escapes from Mr. McGregor, Peter goes back home with no shoes, no jacket, and no dinner. His mother puts him to bed and makes him drink chamomile tea because he is so tired and sick. However, his sisters who have been good little rabbits enjoy a special dinner of bread, milk, and blackberries. In a 1904 sequel, "The Tale of Benjamin Bunny", Peter goes back to McGregor's garden to find his lost clothes.

In the 1890s, Potter sent illustrated story letters to the children of Annie Moore, who had used to be her governess. In 1900, Moore, who realized how popular Potter's stories could become, suggested they be made into books. Potter agreed. She took her letters (which had been carefully saved by the Moore children) and chose a letter written on 4 September 1893 to five-year-old Noel about a rabbit named Peter. Potter had owned a pet rabbit called Peter Piper. The letter was too short to be a proper book, so Potter made the story longer and added pictures in black and white. She copied the work into a hardcover book with a frontispiece picture of Mrs. Rabbit giving Peter chamomile tea at the end of the book.

Potter's manuscript book had the title of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit and Mr. McGregor's Garden". The manuscript was refused by six publishers. Even Frederick Warne & Co. refused to print it, even though it had shown interest in her artwork several years ago. Some publishers wanted a shorter story. Others wanted a longer one. Almost all the publishers wanted the pictures to be colored. Potter grew frustrated because her book continued to be refused. She had already planned what her book should look like. She wanted her book's style and size to be like "Little Black Sambo". She had also already thought of how much it should cost.

At last, she decided to publish the book herself. On 16 December 1901, the first 460 copies of her privately printed "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" were given out to her family and friends.

In 1901, a friend of Potter's family, Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley, changed Potter's story into a poem and tried giving his version, together with her illustrations and some of her corrected writing, to Frederick Warne & Co. The company refused Rawnsley's version, but they wanted to see Potter's complete manuscript. They hoped that "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" would be as successful as Helen Bannerman's popular "Little Black Sambo" and other children's books that were being sold at that time. When Warne asked why there were not any colours in the illustrations, though, Potter replied that rabbit-brown and green colors were not interesting. Warne said he would not publish the book, but he said he might publish other books she wrote later.

Warne wanted color illustrations in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", which he called the 'bunny book'. He also suggested that they only use 32 illustrations instead of the first 42 illustrations. At first, Potter did not want to color her illustrations, but she came to realize that not coloring her illustrations was a bad idea. She sent Warne some new color illustrations with a copy of her privately printed edition. Warne then gave these two the famous picture book artist, L. Leslie Brooke, to see what he thought about the pictures. Brooke was delighted with Potter's work. At the time small picture books became very popular.

Potter continued showing privately printed copies to her family and friends. Soon the first private printing of 250 copies was sold out, and another 200 had to be prepared. She noted in one copy that her pet rabbit Peter had died on 26 January 1901. He had been nine years old.

Potter and Warne agreed to publish cheap 5,000 copies. The next year, an official contract was signed in June 1902. Potter worked hard in the process of publishing the story—she drew her pictures again when she needed to, made small changes to the writing, and corrected the punctuation. Even before it was published in early October 1902, the first 8,000 copies were sold. By the end of the year there were 28,000 copies in print. By the middle of 1903 there was a fifth printing, and in the same month, there was a sixth printing. A year after the first commercial publication there were 56,470 copies printed.

Warne's New York office did not register the copyright for "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" in the United States. Because of this, unlicensed copies of the book began to appear in the spring of 1903. Nothing could stop the printing of unlicensed copies.

This made Potter lose a great deal of money. She began to fully realize the need to license her books properly when, after she had successfully published "The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin", her father found a toy squirrel called "Nutkin" at the Burlington Arcade in Christmas 1903.

After "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" began to be sold, a great amount of merchandise copied its design and idea. Potter registered the patent for a Peter Rabbit doll on 28 December 1903. The next year, she designed a Peter Rabbit game. She made firm rules about making licensed merchandise such as dolls, books, tea sets, wallpapers, pencils and pens, cards, and other merchandise. Because the Peter Rabbit merchandise was so popular, Potter later said in 1917, "All rabbits "are" called Peter now". She did add for her American readers, though, "Peter or Brer Rabbit."

Many different versions of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" and merchandise about it have been produced until now. There are now pop-up books, toy theaters, and lift-the-flap books. By 1988, there were even video versions of the story, computer programs, and Internet websites. Puppets, dolls, games, dishes, clocks and music boxes, baby and children's clothing, tea, jam, toothbrushes and soap, stickers, and even a cake about Peter Rabbit were sold in British supermarkets. Large toy shops in the United States and Britain have parts of the store where they only sell Potter-related toys and merchandise. Some shops only sell Potter-related merchandise.

Other merchandise about Peter Rabbit is quite different from the first Peter Rabbit. In 1916, Louise A. Field became rich by writing books such as "'Peter Rabbit Goes to School" or "Peter Rabbit and His Ma". A movie by Golden Films, "The New Adventures of Peter Rabbit", gave Peter longer teeth and a fourth sister named Hopsy. This story had him and his city cousin Benny (probably Benjamin Bunny) following a box with his sisters inside it. Another video about the story showed Peter as a Christian preacher singing songs about God and Jesus with children and vegetables.

"The Tale of Peter Rabbit" is often praised because of its simple, rhythmic words.

But round the end of a cucumber frame,whom should he meet but Mr. McGregor! 

Linda Lear noted that Potter began a new kind of animal fable in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit". She had made one in which anthropomorphic animals look and act like real animals, with pictures that were drawn by a scientifically minded artist. She added that Peter Rabbit's personality has a lot of real "rabbity behaviour" inside it. She said that the tale was a "perfect marriage of word and image" and "a triumph of fantasy and fact".

Carole Scott, a literary scholar and critic, wrote in her essay “An Unusual Hero: Perspective and Point of View in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit"” (2002) that she thought Potter's story was about a naughty hero with a proper moral at the end. However, she remarked that Potter used many different ways to make the reader feel sympathetic for Peter. Though he made his mother unhappy by disobeying her, stole, escaped from authority (Mr. McGregor), and did not get any punishment except a stomach-ache, Potter makes us feel sorry for him. She thought the greatest conflict in the tale was between the order of society and the forces that tried to go against it—between those who have things and those who want things, and between humans and animal nature. She felt that Peter was a symbol of “rebellion”.



1979 (song)

"1979" is a song by the American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. It was released as the second single from their third studio album, "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness". "1979" was written by frontman Billy Corgan, and features loops and samples that were not like previous Smashing Pumpkins songs. The song was popular with critics and fans; Allmusic's Amy Hanson called it a "somewhat surprising hit". The song was nominated for the Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the Grammy Awards. They won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video.
 

Peugeot 407

The Peugeot 407 was a car produced by Peugeot. It succeeded the 406 in 2004, facelifted in 2008 and it was succeeded by the 508 in 2011.



Volkswagen Caddy

The Volkswagen Caddy is a van produced by Volkswagen in four generations since 1979.

The first generation Caddy were produced from 1979 until 1996. It was based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk1.

The second generation was produced from 1995 until 2004. Two versions were available: a van based on the Volkswagen Polo Mk3, and a pickup truck based on the Škoda Felicia.

The third generation was produced from 2003 to 2020. It is based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk5.

The fourth generation was launched in 2020. It is based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk8.

SummerSlam (2010)

SummerSlam (2010) is a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), that took place on August 15, 2010 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the 23rd yearly SummerSlam event. There were 6 matches on the card.

TLC: Tables, Ladders &amp; Chairs (2009)

TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), that took place on December 13, 2009 at the AT&T Center in San Antonio, Texas. It was the first event held by the WWE and was created to replace the Armageddon in the December slot of WWE's pay-per-view calendar.

Two of Us (song)

"Two of Us" is a song by The Beatles. It was written by Paul McCartney, but it is credited to Lennon/McCartney. Lennon and McCartney sang the song as a duet. It was written for Linda Eastman, McCartney's soon to be wife. It sometimes sounds like it is addressing Lennon, whose relationship with McCartney was tense at that time.

At the beginning of the recording Lennon says, "'I Dig a Pygmy', by and the Deaf Aids... Phase One, in which Doris gets her oats!" The joke was mixed in by Phil Spector for the "Let It Be" album and also appeared in the "Let It Be" film, both released in 1970. "I Dig a Pygmy" is an obvious reference to Lennon's song "Dig a Pony" that follows in the album's track order. "The deaf aids" – a British term for hearing aids at the time – was also the nickname given to the Beatles' Vox amplifiers.

"Two of Us" was originally a hard rock song. In the "Let It Be" film, McCartney and Lennon sing the song "rocker" style into the same microphone. McCartney had never been satisfied with this style, which he said was "chunky." And so on 24 January, he and the band reworked it. Lennon had ideas about how the song might sound if Stevie Wonder performed it, and just before revisiting the song, the band had run through the Everly Brothers hit "Cathy's Clown". With these influences and a move from electric guitar to acoustic, the song transformed into the gentler, stripped-down version that fans know today. The Beatles performed a finished version of the song live at Apple Studios on 31 January 1969; this performance was included in both the "Let it Be" film and album.

The song was originally titled "On Our Way Home". In May 1969, McCartney produced a recording of the song using this title by the group Mortimer, a New York City trio that briefly recorded for Apple, but this recording was never released.

In his 1980 interview with "Playboy", when asked who wrote the song, Lennon said "mine", but he may have been distracted at the time by a previous question about "Don't Let Me Down."

In fact, in his 1972 interview with the Hit Parader, Lennon said that Two of Us was written by McCartney.



Dig a Pony

"Dig a Pony" is a song by The Beatles.

John Lennon was the song's composer and singer but the song was credited to Lennon/McCartney. It was originally called "All I Want Is You". Lennon would later comment that he thought the song was "a piece of garbage," though he has shown similar scorn for many of his songs. It was written for his soon-to-be wife Yoko Ono, and featured a multitude of strange, seemingly nonsense phrases which were strung together, culminating in the chorus "All I want is you", aimed at Yoko.

The song was one of the songs on "Let It Be" that was recorded at the rooftop concert. It begins with a false start, with Ringo Starr yelling "hold it!" to halt the other band members because he was holding a cigarette and had only one drum stick in his hand.


Not Afraid

"Not Afraid" is a 2010 hip hop song by the American rapper Eminem, and is the first single from his seventh studio album "Recovery", which was released in April 27, 2010. The song was written by Eminem, Boi-1da, Luis Resto, J. Evans and M. Burnett.

The song is about how Eminem tried to overcome the troubles in his life from the past few years and mainly his drug addiction and rehabilitation.

Recovery

Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem. It was released on June 18, 2010 by Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records. The album got very good sales and reviews. Four singles were released from the album: "Not Afraid", "Love the Way You Lie", "No Love", and "Space Bound". It won the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Rap Album.

Joan Sutherland

Dame Joan Alston Sutherland (7 November 1926 – 10 October 2010) was an Australian operatic soprano, particularly associated with bel canto repertory and French operas. She possessed a voice of great beauty and considerable power combined with extraordinary agility and a brilliant upper register. She was called "La Stupenda" by the Italian press, which means "The Stupendous One".

Born in Sydney, Australia, she studied first with her mother and later with John and Aida Dickens. After a few public appearances, notably in Henry Purcell's "Dido and Aenas" and Eugene Goossens' "Judith", she left for London, England in 1951 to continue her vocal studies with Clive Carey.

She was hired by the Royal Opera House as a utility soprano, making her debut in 1952, as the First Lady in Mozart's "The Magic Flute". She went on singing a wide variety of roles such as Amelia ("Un ballo in maschera"), Aida ("Aida"), Agathe ("Der Freischutz") and Eva ("Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg"), and also created the role of Jennifer in Michael Tippett's "The Midsummer Marriage" in 1955. 

She met and married fellow countryman and accompanist Richard Bonynge in 1954, who recognized her potential for the bel canto repertoire and guided her in that direction. This led to her appearance in Donizetti's "Emilia di Liverpool" and Handel's "Alcina" in 1957, and eventually the title role in "Lucia di Lammermoor" at the Royal Opera House in 1959, which proved a sensational success and launched her international career.

She was rapidly invited to appear at most of the great opera houses of the world (Milan, Paris, New York, etc.) to great acclaim. Some of her most famous roles include; Rossini's "Semiramide", Bellini's "La sonnambula", "Norma", "Beatrice di Tenda", "I puritani", Donizetti's "Lucrezia Borgia", "Maria Stuarda", Verdi's "La traviata", amongst many others. She also resurrected some long neglected works like Massenet's "Le Roi de Lahore" and "Esclarmonde".

Sutherland retired from the stage in 1990. She was made a Dame of the British Empire (DBE) in 1978. She died of cardiopulmonary failure at her home near Montreux, Switzerland, at the age of 83. She was buried at the nearby cemetery of Clarens. 


Love the Way You Lie

"Love the Way You Lie" is a 2010 hip hop song by the American rapper Eminem and featured Barbadian singer Rihanna, and is the second single from his seventh studio album "Recovery", which was released in 2010. The song was written by Eminem, A. Grant, H. Hafferman, M. Riddick.

H. Hafferman is Holly Brook Hafermann who now writes and records as Skylar Grey.

The song's music video stars Megan Fox and Dominic Monaghan as a couple in a violent abusive love-hate relationship.

Han Seung-yeon

Han Seung-yeon (; born on July 24, 1988, in Seoul) is a South Korean singer, known for being a member of girl group Kara, formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007.

Han Seung-yeon was born on July 24, 1988, in Seoul, South Korea. She left Korea to study at Tenafly High School in the United States. However, she left high school mid-course in order to pursue a singing career. After returning to Korea, she debuted as a singer on March 29, 2007, as a member of Kara along with Park Gyu-ri, Nicole and Kim Sunghee.

She passed a high-school level qualification examination, the College Scholastic Ability Test, and was accepted by the Kyung Hee University, majoring in department of Theater and Film.

Kara debuted on March 29, 2007 with "Break It" on M! Countdown. Their first album named "The First Blooming". In 2008, however, Kim Sunghee left the group. DSP Entertainment replaced members, Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung, and Kara comeback with Rock U, which changed their image "Hip-hop" to "cute" and "playful".

In December 4, 2008, Kara have their comeback starting on M! Countdown with "Pretty Girl". In February 2009, Kara released their second mini-album "Honey". "Honey" became the group's first #1 single when it was at the top of the "M! Countdown" and The Music Trend.

In late July 2009, Kara revealed their second album named "Revolution". Due to the popularity of the song, Wanna and Mister, Kara's overall popularity increased. Kara started their promotions in the beginning of 2010 with their third mini-album which eventually was at the top of the Various music shows like "M! Countdown","Music Bank" etc. It was at the top of Music Bank for a consecutive 6 weeks. "Lupin".

Han Seungyeon debuted as a child actress in a cameo role in "Star in My Heart".

Due to Kara's debut album "The First Blooming" being relatively unsuccessful, Seungyeon went on to participate in many variety shows from 2007 to early 2009 in order to keep Kara recognizable to the public. She was the VJ for "MSL Break" from 2007 to 2008. She replaced Tiffany of Girls' Generation as co-host of "Sonyeo Sonyeon Gayo Baekso" (Boys and Girls Music Guide) with Kim Hyesung and later with actor Kim Soohyeon. Their segment ended on May 8, 2009. 
From October to December 2008, she was part of the cast of MBC reality show "Family Needed", where a group of celebrities would live life as a family, consisting of a father, mother, son and daughter. She also became part of MBC's entertainment news show "Section TV" as a "pop columnist", debuting on November 21, 2008. She also made a guest appearance on rapper Nassun's single "Nolleowa" (, ""Come to Play""), which was released in March 2009, and appeared on the soundtrack for the movie "Welcome to my House", releasing her first solo song "Gijeok" (, ""Miracle""). 
She became part of the "Dream Team Girl Group" for Samsung's Anycall called "4 Tomorrow". Their first digital single "Dugeunduguen Tomorrow" (, ""BeatBeat Tomorrow"") was released on October 6, 2009, and the official music video was released on October 12, starring actor Lee Dong Gun, who will also star in each member's individual drama version of the video. Seungyeon's version was released on October 26, 2009.



Time Flies... 1994–2009

Time Flies... 1994–2009 is a compilation album released by the rock band Oasis. The album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009. The record features the songs "Whatever" and "Lord Don't Slow Me Down" which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album. "Sunday Morning Call" is not listed anywhere on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on Disc 2, track 13. The reason for this is not known.

Five different versions of the album were released. They are the 2CD version, DVD, the Deluxe Box Set, 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition.
In Japan it entered the charts at number 2 with sales of 59,348 copies. The album entered the charts at number 1 in the UK with the second highest first week sales in 2010 to date with 101,297.

A boxset featuring postcards of the sleeves of every UK Oasis single was released concurrently with the album.


The DVD includes all the music videos from "Supersonic" to "Falling Down", and in addition, previous unreleased live video versions of "Gas Panic!", and "Little by Little". Also includes commentary on music videos by Oasis members. 
Two iTunes Live Festival videos of "Half the World Away" and "Slide Away" are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition.

All tracks recorded live at the London Roundhouse from the iTunes Festival 2009. Tracks 1, 7, 12 and 20 are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition.* = released as part of the "iTunes Festival 2009" EP.


Chicken Huntin'

"Chicken Huntin'" is a 1995 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the first single from their third studio album "Riddle Box", which was released in 1995. The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark.

The song is about meeting and killing multiple racist rednecks, who the band referred to as 'Chickens'.

Halls of Illusions

"Halls of Illusions" is a 1997 midwest hip hop song by the American horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse. It is the first single from their fourth studio album "The Great Milenko" (1997). The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark. It featured Slash on guitar.

The song is about the band's hatred towards child abuse and domestic violence.
The song has swearing but is loved by many Juggalos.

Little ground squirrel

The little ground squirrel ("Spermophilus pygmaeus") is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Georgia, Kazakhstan, Russia, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan. 

The Caucasian mountain ground squirrel, "Spermophilus musicus", was previously a subspecies, but is now a separate species.

This species is diurnal and lives in grassland, uncultivated ground, field edges and roadside verges. It avoids areas with dense long vegetation. It lives in colonies and builds burrows. It makes permanent burrows for hibernation and reproduction and temporary burrows for shelter. Before hibernation, all exits from the burrow are plugged by soil. In March or April the entrances are opened, the burrows cleaned and new construction starts. It uses mounds on the surface as look-out points.

Montserrat Caballé

Montserrat Caballé (12 April 1933 – 6 October 2018) was a Spanish (Catalan) operatic soprano. She was one of the greatest opera singers of the 20th century. She sang a wide variety of roles. She was particularly associated with the bel canto repertoire in which she was considered one of the finest modern examples. She had a voice of great range.

Caballé was born in Barcelona, Spain. She studied at the Music Conservatory there and graduated in 1954 with a gold medal. She began her professional career in Basel in 1956 as Mimi in "La bohème". She then joined the Bremen Opera. She sang from 1959 to 1962 in a wide variety of roles.

International recognition came in 1965, when she appeared in a concert performance of Donizetti's "Lucrezia Borgia" at Carnegie Hall in New York City as a replacement for an indisposed Marilyn Horne. The performance won her great acclaim from the public and critics alike, and it made her an overnight sensation. Her success led to her first performance at the Metropolitan Opera that same year as Marguerite in Gounod's "Faust". 

She was later invited to sing at most of the major opera houses and festivals of the world. She was especially admired in works by composers such as Rossini, Donizetti, Bellini and Verdi. She revived a number of long-neglected works by these composers.

In 1987, she duetted with Queen frontman Freddie Mercury for the hit single "Barcelona". That single became a hit again in 1992 during the Olympics that were being held there. 

From 1964 until her death, she was married to tenor Bernabé Martí. They had two children.

Caballé died on 6 October 2018 at the age of 85 from a gallbladder infection in Barcelona.


Maria Callas

Maria Callas (December 3, 1923 – September 16, 1977) was a Greek soprano. She was one of the most famous and most controversial opera singers of the 20th century. She had a very distinctive voice of great range, power and agility enabling her to sing a wide variety of roles and was a singer-actress of great dramatic intensity. She was dubbed "La Divina" ("The Divine One") by her admirers. She was mainly associated with the Italian repertoire, particularly Bellini's "Norma", Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor", Verdi's "La traviata" and Puccini's "Tosca".

Maria was born Maria Kalogeroupoulou at Terence Cardinal Cooke Health Care Center in New York City, to Greek parents, she returned to Greece in 1937, with her mother and older sister. There, she studied singing with Elvira de Hidalgo, and made her debut while still a teenager with the Athens Opera in 1941.

During a short return to America to visit her father in 1945, she auditioned at the Metropolitan Opera without success. Her first major break came with her Italian debut in Verona in 1947, as "La Gioconda". There, she met conductor Tullio Serafin who became her mentor and guided her towards the bel canto repertoire. She sang her first "Norma" in Florence in 1948, and the following year, as a last minute replacement, she appeared as Elvira in Bellini's "I puritani" in Venice, which was to be her first great success. 

In 1949, she married industrialist Giovanni Battista Meneghini who became her manager. She was sometimes known as Maria Meneghini Callas after her marriage. 

Shortly after, she made her debut at La Scala in Milan, where the major part of her career and greatest triumphs were to take place. In collaboration with conductors like Carlo Maria Giulini, Leonard Bernstein, Gianandrea Gavazzeni, and directors like Franco Zeffirelli and Luchino Visconti, lavish productions of works such as Cherubini's "Medea", Spontini's "La Vestale", Bellini's "La sonnambula" and "Norma", Donizetti's "Anna Bolena" and "Poliuto", Verdi's "La traviata" and "Un ballo in maschera", were made especially for her to great acclaim. 

She also made guest appearances at the Royal Opera House in London, the Berlin State Opera, the Paris Opéra, the Lyric Chicago Opera, the Dallas Opera and the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. 

In 1958, she met Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis which led to her divorce from Meneghini, and slowly began to withdraw from the stage. Her final appearance was in "Tosca" in London in 1965. She made a last world concert tour in 1973–74 with her often partner tenor Giuseppe Di Stefano, but by then her voice was almost gone. 

Callas died of a heart attack in Paris, France, at the age of 53.


Ultramarine

Ultramarine is a blue pigment, and the name of a blue colour. The pigment is found naturally. It is ground down from a mineral called Lazurite, the main component of lapis lazuli. The colour is due to the presence of S−3 anions (trisulfur).

Synthetic ultramarine is a more vivid blue than natural ultramarine, since the particles in synthetic ultramarine are smaller and more uniform than natural ultramarine and therefore diffuse light more evenly.

Artificial, like natural, ultramarine has a magnificent blue colour. Since it is not affected by light or contact with oil or lime, it is used in painting. 

A small addition of zinc-white (zinc oxide) causes the colour to become less vivid (~bright). Synthetic ultramarine, invented in the 1820s, is very cheap. It is largely used for wall painting, the printing of paperhangings and calico. It is also used to correct the yellowish tinge found in things meant to be white, such as linen, paper, etc. Bluing or "laundry blue" is a solution of synthetic ultramarine (sometimes, prussian blue) that is used for this purpose when washing white clothes. Large amounts are used in making paper, especially the kind of pale blue writing paper popular in Britain. During World War I, the RAF painted the outer roundels with a colour based on ultramarine blue. This became BS 108(381C) Aircraft Blue. It was replaced in the 1960s by a new color based on phthalocyanine blue, BS110(381C) Roundel Blue.


The Last Airbender (video game)

The Last Airbender is a video game for Wii and Nintendo DS. It is based on the movie of the same name. It was released on 29 June 2010 in USA. It was released in Europe on 6 August 2010. It will be released in Australia on September 2010. Like the previous games, it was developed by THQ Studio Australia and published by THQ.





Nicktoons Nitro

Nicktoons Nitro is a video game which is a sequel to "Nicktoons Racing" and "Nicktoons Winners Cup Racing". It features characters from the TV shows: "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Danny Phantom", "", "The Fairly OddParents", "Invader Zim", "", "Back at the Barnyard", "The Mighty B!", "Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy", "Kappa Mikey", "Dora the Explorer", "Go, Diego, Go!", "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!", "Ni Hao, Kai-Lan", "Maggie and the Ferocious Beast", and "My Life as a Teenage Robot", The game features "Mario Kart" like gameplay. The game was released in 2009 as an arcade game by developer Raw Thrills.





Lead carbonate

Lead carbonate is a compound composed of lead and carbonate ions. It contains lead in the +2 oxidation state. It is made by mixing lead(II) acetate and carbon dioxide. It does not dissolve in water. It is poisonous because it has lead in it. It produces lead(II) oxide when heated.


Lead nitrate

Lead nitrate is a chemical compound. It has lead and nitrate ions in it. It was known long ago as plumb dulcis. The lead is in the +2 oxidation state. 

Lead nitrate is a white solid. It is one of the few lead compounds that can dissolve in water. Lead(II) acetate is the other lead compound that can dissolve. It is an oxidizing agent. It crackles when it is heated. It is toxic because it has lead in it. 

It is made by dissolving lead, lead(II) oxide, or lead(II) carbonate in nitric acid. 

It is used to make other lead compounds.


Lead(II) acetate

Lead(II) acetate is a chemical compound composed of lead and acetate ions. It contains lead in the +2 oxidation state. It is also known as sugar of lead, salt of Saturn, and Goulard's powder. It is used to make other lead compounds. It dissolves in water, although most lead compounds do not. Lead nitrate does though. It is used in cosmetics and testing for hydrogen sulfide. It is toxic because it contains lead.


Acetate

Acetate, also known as ethanoate, is the salt of acetic acid (vinegar). It is formed when acetic acid is deprotonated. Its chemical formula is CHCOOH when it exists as an ion. Acetate salts turn brown when heated, and smell like acetic acid.

Acetate is usually found as part of a compound formed as a salt, for example sodium acetate, often as the product of a neutralisation reaction of acetic acid and a base.


Beverly Sills

Beverly Sills (May 25, 1929 – July 2, 2007) is an American operatic soprano particularly associated with Italian bel canto and French operas. 

Born Belle Silverman, in Brooklyn, New York, as a child prodigy, she began singing on radio shows at the age of three and began formal vocal studies at the age of seven with Estelle Liebling.

She began her professional career in 1947 with touring companies and later joined the New York City Opera in 1955. After singing a wide variety of roles, she obtained her first great success with Douglas Moore's "The Ballad of Baby Doe" in 1959, and finally achieved international recognition in 1966, with the role of Cleopatra in Handel's "Giulio Cesare".
This was followed by the much acclaimed Donizetti's Tudor trilogy "Anna Bolena", "Maria Stuarda" and "Roberto Devereux". 

This led to her being invited to sing at the Vienna State Opera (1968), La Scala in Milan (1969), the Royal Opera House in London (1970), and finally at the Metropolitan Opera in New York in 1975. 
Other notable roles have included; "I Capuleti e Montecchi", "I puritani", "Lucia di Lammermoor", "La traviata", "Les contes d'Hoffmann", "Manon" and "Thais".

She retired from the stage in 1980, and took on the direction of the New York City Opera until 1989. 

Sills died in New York City, of lung cancer.

Car battery

A car battery or automotive battery is a rechargeable battery which is used to start a car. The battery is used to start the motor. After that, the motor operates a generator to charge the battery. Most are lead acid batteries, although some electric cars can have other batteries. Car batteries can be replaced and recycled when they cannot be recharged anymore.

They are used to power important electrical components and stabilize the voltage that keeps the engine running by converting chemical energy into electrical energy.

All the electrical accessories in a car are controlled and powered by an alternator which converts some of the engines mechanical energy into electrical energy. The alternator charges the internal battery of the car. The alternator is powered by the timing belt which only moves once the car is started and therefore it cannot be used to start the car and that is why a battery is needed. The alternator works with a timing belt that rests on a pulley attached to the alternator that moves once the car is started. When the timing belt spins the pulley, it turns a rotator shaft attached to the pulley which spins magnets around a coil. The spinning magnets create alternating current around the coil. That is directed to the rectifier which changes it into direct current. That is used to power the car and its electrical systems.

The cars internal computer, also know as the Electric Control Unit (ECU) decides the fuel injection, exhaust system requirements and throttle response. For petrol engines it also can control the spark plug timing to ignite the mixture of air and fuel in the cylinder. It is primarily powered by the alternator but before the car is started, it must be powered by the battery as it decides the fuel injection and spark timing which are one of the key factors in getting a car started. The internal battery of the car also works as a surge protector, protecting the ECU from AC voltage spikes that typically last from 1 to 30 microseconds and can reach over 1,000 volts.


Barium sulfate

Barium sulfate is a chemical compound composed of barium and sulfate ions. It contains barium in the +2 oxidation state, as in all barium compounds. It does not dissolve in water. If it did, it would be very toxic. It is used in X-rays of the stomach and intestines to see whether there is a problem with them. Its chemical formula is BaSO.


Jetix

Jetix is a TV brand owned by Walt Disney. It existed from 2004 to 2010 worldwide. The brand was started in the United States in February 2004. It was retired in most countries in 2009. In the Netherlands, it was retired in January. In Russia, it was retired in August 2010.

Family Guy: Season 10 Episode 2

Jetix Play started on various European channels replacing Fox Kids Play. It aired mainly pre-school shows. The brand was retired in most countries in August 2010. It was not rebranded in Romania until March 2011. In most countries it was replaced by Playhouse Disney. In the United Kingdom and Russia, it had no replacement.

Jetix Action Block started in Spain in 2007 as a block on Star One. The block aired mainly shows which aired on the main Jetix channel. The block was discontinued in both regions in 2010.

Jetix +1 was a timeshift service in the United Kingdom and Italy. It aired shows which aired an hour earlier on the main channel.

PBS Kids

PBS Kids is the educational children's programming brand of the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). It started in 1994. Its programming is non-commercial, like all PBS programming. PBS Kids programs (or shows) are mostly shown in the daytime. These programs are meant for children between the ages of 2 and 8 (for example: "Barney and Friends", "Sesame Street", and "Arthur"). PBS Kids' programs use science, math and reading. Some of them also include social studies. All of the programs give a problem that the children have to solve. An example of these problems would be what to do when two children want to play with the same thing and start to fight (teaching the importance of sharing).

PBS had historically aired programs for children such as "Sesame Street", "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", and "Reading Rainbow"; prior to 1993, these programs aired under general PBS branding. In August 1993, PBS introduced new branding for their children's programs featuring "The P-Pals", animated characters shaped like PBS logos who encouraged skills such as gathering information, self-esteem, cooperation and achieving goals in specially developed interstitials.

The framework for PBS Kids was established as part of PBS' Ready to Learn initiative, a project intended to facilitate access of early childhood educational programming to underprivileged children. On July 11, 1994, PBS repackaged their existing children's educational programming as a new block called "PTV", airing on 11 member stations at launch. In addition to scheduled educational programming, PTV also incorporated interstitial content with the P-Pals in their fictional world "PTV Park" for younger children. Older children were targeted with live-action and music video interstitials.

Apple Computer provided a $1.5 million grant to PTV and became its first national underwriter on June 26, 1995, as part of their "Bring Learning Home" corporate initiative. A "Ready To Learn" grant unveiled on January 8, 1996, supported the development of "Dragon Tales" and "Between the Lions", which premiered in 1999 and 2000, respectively, as well as their online activities and outreach efforts. By September 1996, 95 PBS stations reaching three quarters of the United States were carrying the PTV service. Starting on October 7, 1996, PBS packaged their programs for school-aged children into the block "The Game", airing on 31 stations by the end of the year.

PBS announced on January 18, 1999, that it would launch the PBS Kids Channel, meant to be the centerpiece of a larger initiative, in September. On June 9, PBS revealed a wide rebranding of its children's programs and services, known as PBS Kids, at its annual meeting in San Francisco. PBS would also increase its children's programming budget by 25% and commit to two new series: "Caillou" and "".

See List of programs broadcast by PBS Kids

Anne of the Thousand Days

Anne of the Thousand Days is a British-American movie, produced by Hal Wallis and directed by Charles Jarrott, written by Bridget Bolan, John Hale and Richard Sokolove, after Maxwell Anderson's 1948 play of the same name. The movie was released by Universal Studios on December 18, 1969.

It relates the love affair of King Henry VIII of England and Anne Boleyn, which led to the king's divorce from his first wife Queen Catherine of Aragon, and the break of England from the Church of Rome. When Anne fails to give a male heir to the throne, the king turns against her and has her executed (killed).


The movie won an Academy Award for best costumes. Geneviève Bujold and Charles Jarrott won the Golden Globe Award for best actress and best director respectively.

Dpkg

dpkg is the name of a computer package management system. It is the primary package manager of the Debian GNU/Linux operating system. It was written in the C programming language, and started in 1993.

Package management system

A package management system keeps track of information about software packages: what files go where, and which package owns that file, therefore behaving like a phone directory. Examples of package management systems for Linux include dpkg, rpm and emerge. In Microsoft Windows, "Add/Remove Programs"/"Programs and Features" are like package managers, but use no format (it leaves it up to the program).

Molde FK

Molde FK is a football club from Norway. It was formed in 1911. They have won the Norwegian FA Cup two times.

Christian Gauseth

Christian Gauseth (born 26 June 1984) is a Norwegian football player. He plays for Mjøndalen.
He has played for Træff, Groruddalen, Molde and Bryne in the past.

He was born and raised in Molde.

The highlight of his career was his dive when he played for Bryne against Haugesund in 2009.

His best moments in football was when he played in the Eliteserien for Mjøndalen.

Invasive species

An invasive species is a species which is not native to the place where it is found. It has moved from its native area, where it grew naturally, into a new area. Often it becomes a nuisance species, because in its new habitat it lacks its old enemies. Normally, as a species evolves, so do the things which eat it or parasitise it. Free of natural restraints, the invading species outcompetes its new neighbours.

, for example, is called "The weed which ate the South" because it went out of control in the southern United States. The introduction of starlings to North America is another example.

Natural events sometimes allow species to invade new places, as in the Great American Interchange.

The house sparrow, "Passer domesticus", native to Europe and Asia, has been introduced to North and South America and Australia.

It was introduced deliberately to the U.S.A. in the late 19th century by Eugene Schieffelin. He wanted to introduce to America all the birds mentioned in the works of Shakespeare. Two of these species were great successes: starlings and house sparrows. He organized a society for the importation of foreign birds, incorporated in Albany.


Habitat destruction

Habitat destruction is when a habitat is no longer able to support the plants, animals, or other organisms that live in it. When this happens, the organisms could die. Some might move to other places.

Habitat loss can happen naturally. Wildfires can destroy plants that animals need to live in or to eat. Lava flows from volcanoes can do the same thing.

Habitat loss can also be caused by the actions of people. For example, when trees are cut down, birds who nested in the trees can no longer live there. Clearing grassland to make habitats for people can take away habitat for other animals. Some natural habitats are protected by laws, for example National parks.

Torpsbruk

Torpsbruk is a locality in Alvesta Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden. In 2005, 354 people lived there.

Divorce (movie)

Divorce is a 1945 drama movie. It is about a woman who has divorced many times. She sets her sights on her married childhood friend. It stars Kay Francis, Bruce Cabot, and Helen Mack.


Shame (Alvtegen novel)

Shame is a novel by Swedish crime-writer Karin Alvtegen. It was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger award for crime novels in translation, and was translated into English by Steven T. Murray in 2006. The novel was originally published in Sweden in 2005.


Japanese Grand Prix

The Japanese Grand Prix is a race the FIA Formula One World Championship calendar. Usually, this race is one of the last races of the season.

The Japanese Grand Prix has been hosted by both the Fuji Speedway and the Suzuka Circuit. Fuji Speedway is owned by Toyota and Suzuka Circuit is owned by their rival Honda. In July 2009, Toyota announced it would not host the race at Fuji Speedway in 2010 and beyond due to a downturn in the global economy.

The first Formula 1 Japanese Grand Prix, in , was held at the Fuji Speedway, west of Yokohama. The race was to become famous for the battle between James Hunt and Niki Lauda for the championship. The race was held during monsoon rain conditions. Lauda had survived a near-fatal crash at the German Grand Prix earlier in the season. He withdrew from the Japanese Grand Prix fearing for his safety. Hunt finished third, and ended up winning championship by a margin of one point.

Hunt returned to win the second Japanese Grand Prix. There was a collision between Gilles Villeneuve and Ronnie Peterson in the race. Villeneuve's Ferrari flew off the track and killed two spectators. The Japanese Grand Prix did not return to Formula One for another decade.

Formula One returned to Japan in 1987. This time, it was hosted by the Suzuka Circuit, south west of Nagoya. The circuit was set inside a amusement park, and owned by Honda. Honda used the circuit as a test track. The Suzuka circuit was the first figure-eight race track in F1. One section of the track passes over the other on a bridge.

The FIA announced on 24 March 24 2006 that future races will again be held at Fuji Speedway. Fuji had been redesigned by Hermann Tilke.

Formula One announced On 8 September 2007, that Fuji will alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix with Suzuka. This will start in 2009.

In July 2009, Toyota cited a global economic slump as the reason that the Japanese Grand Prix would not return to Fuji Speedway in 2010 and beyond. The speedway argued, according to the Associated Press, that "continuing to host F1 races could threaten the survival of the company." As a result, the 2010 Grand Prix will be held at Suzuka.

Fuji Television Japanese Grand Prix 1987-2009

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Between 1998-2005 built by Ilmor

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT


James Maritato

James Maritato (born March 12, 1972 in Sicily, Italy) is an Italian-born American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). Nunzio is currently wrestling with the National Wrestling Alliance.

Nunzio has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:



The Legend of Korra

The Legend of Korra is an American animated television series aired on Nickelodeon. It follows an eponymous female Avatar and a native to the water tribe, attempting to bring peace to the world during the cycle. Unlike "Avatar: The Last Airbender", the sequel is set in Republic City, a place where people of all nations, benders and non-benders, live together. The city depicts crime and is rattled by an anti-bender revolt, which serve as challenges for each characters.

"The Last Airbender: Legend of Korra" takes place 70 years after "Avatar: The Last Airbender". Korra is the next Avatar after Aang, a rebellious girl who is hotheaded, independent and "ready to take on the world". Korra comes from the Southern Water Tribe, and has already mastered Earth, Fire, and Water. Aang and Katara's son Tenzin is her Airbending teacher.

One of the story's settings is Republic City, a "metropolis powered by steam-type technology", "inhabited by people from all four nations". Here Korra must deal with rampant crime and an anti-bender revolt. Mike and Bryan have said that the world of Avatar has "definitely changed, and evolved, and advanced, but we're very conscious of keeping the same feeling. Not totally different, but it's definitely generations later."

The Legend of Korra finally came to an end after four short seasons, with each season averaging twelve episodes. Even during production with inner conflict inside Nickelodeon, which pushed the creators jump from TV to strictly online; came part way through the series. Whether or not the jump alienated fans or gained more viewers is unknown, but it was an interesting move nonetheless. The series finale occurred on December 19, 2014. A lot of controversy was drawn out over how the series ended, due to the fact that in the final scene it implied that Asami and Korra became a couple.

Marley &amp; Me (movie)

Marley & Me is a 2008 American comedy-drama movie that is produced by Gil Netter and Karen Rosenfeltand was directed by David Frankle. The movie opened in theaters on December 25, 2008 and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office open ever with $14.75 million in ticket sales.

This movie is based on the novel and is about a couple, John (Owen Wilson) and Jenny Grogan (Jennifer Aniston) who just get married and move from Michigan to Florida. They get jobs at a local newspaper and Jenny wants a baby so their co-worker, Sebastian Tunney (Eric Dane) suggest they get a puppy before they have a baby to see if they will be good parents. They go shopping for puppies and come across a litter of new born yellow Labrador Retrievers, They decide to chose Marley and Marley immediately becomes a handful so they take her to dog trainer Ms. Kornblut (Kathleen Turner) and when Marley doesn't listen to her commands she expels her from her dog class.

Editor Arnie Klein (Alan Arkin) offers John a twice-weekly column in which he can discuss things that are fun and not fun about everyday living. After having writer's block, John notices the misadventures of Marley and thought that it might be the perfect topic for his first piece. Arnie agrees, and John settles into his new position.

Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it. Jenny becomes pregnant but the baby dies in her first trimester so they decide to take a belated honeymoon to Ireland and leave Marley with a dog sitter and becomes a handful for the dog sitter because of the thunderstorms that are around there. Upon returning from their honeymoon Jenny finds that she is pregnant again and gives birth to a girl, Liv. Jenny also has a second child Connor and quits her job to become a stay-at-home mom and John take the daily column at work to increase their paycheck. With the crime rate near their home, John and Jenny move to a house in a safer neighbourhood in Boca Raton. Jenny is experiencing all the signs of postpartum depression though she denies it and grows impatient of Marley and John and thinks they should give Marley away while John asks Sebastian to take care of her but Jenny realizes that Marley has become an indispensable part of the family and decides that she can stay. Sebastian takes a job in New York for "The New York Times" and moves. A couple years later Jenny has a third child a daughter, Colleen. The family moves to Pennsylvania when John takes a job for "The Philadelphia Inquirer" with Jenny's approval. Life is good until Marley begins to have arthritis and deafness and develops an attack of gastric dilatation volvulus though she survives it she has another attack and it was clear that surgery would not help the situation, John has Marley euthanized while beside her. The family bury Marley under a tree in their front yard after paying their last respects to her.


"Marley & Me" got mostly positive reviews from reviewers:



Gordon Campbell

Gordon Muir Campbell, OBC, (born January 12, 1948 in Vancouver, British Columbia) was the 34th Premier of British Columbia. Campbell was also the 41st mayor of Vancouver.

On November 3, 2010, Campbell announced that he would resign as the Premier of British Columbia.

Campbell was born to in Vancouver to Charles Gordon Campbell (a doctor and an assistant dean of medicine at The University of British Columbia) and Peg Campbell (a kindergarten assistant). When Campbell was 6, his father committed suicide and he was raised by his mother with 3 siblings.

In January of 2003, He was arrested and pled no contest for driving under the influence of alcohol while vacationing in Hawaii. He was fined 913 US dollars and the court ordered him to take part in a substance abuse program, and to be assessed for alcoholism. His mugshot was released by the Hawaiian police and it is commonly used in attack ads.


Dev Patel

Dev Patel (Gujarati: દેવ પટેલ; born 23 April 1990) is a British actor.

Noah Ringer

Noah Andrew Ringer (born November 18, 1996) is an American actor. He starred as ang in the movie "The Last Airbender". He was discovered in an open casting call for "Airbender" in Texas. He was in the film "Cowboys & Aliens" as Emmett.

Ringer is a young taekwondo practitioner who was born and raised in Dallas, Texas. At age 12, he achieved a first-degree black belt rank with the American Taekwondo Association and is proficient with a variety of Eastern weapons. He is part of a taekwondo club, from which he heard about Paramount Pictures' open casting call to play Aang. For his audition, he sent in a homemade video that depicted him showing off his skills in martial arts. After being signed for The Last Airbender movie, he joined the Creative Artists Agency.

Ringer attended the 2010 Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards on March 27 with his "Airbender" cast mates Nicola Peltz, Dev Patel, and Jackson Rathbone to debut the new TV spot for the film. He watched Nicola Peltz and Jackson Rathbone perform "Slimebending". While on site, he was interviewed by the Los Angeles Times about the movie.


Nicola Peltz

Nicola Peltz (born January 9, 1995) is an American actress. She played Katara in the 2010 movie "The Last Airbender", directed by M. Night Shyamalan.

Peltz was born in Westchester County, New York, the daughter of billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz. She has four older brothers, two younger brothers, and a sister. When she was younger, she attended Rye Country Day School in Rye, New York and from there went to Windward School in White Plains, New York. Her most recent school is the Professional Children's School in Manhattan, New York.

She played Katara in the movie "The Last Airbender". She was also in the 2006 movie "Deck the Halls", playing Mackenzie, and "Harold" in 2008, where she was cast as Becki. She made a brief appearance in Miley Cyrus's "7 Things" music video. On 27 March 2010, she made an appearance at the Kids Choice Awards 2010 on Nickelodeon, and also appeared at the 2010 MTV Movie Awards, along with "The Last Airbender" co-star Jackson Rathbone, to present a trailer for "The Last Airbender".


Norma (opera)

Norma is an Italian opera in two acts. The music was composed by Vincenzo Bellini. The libretto is by Felice Romani.The opera was first performed at La Scala in Milan, on December 26, 1831. The work was based on Louis Alexandre Soumet's play "Norma ou l'infanticide". "Norma" is Bellini's masterpiece and one of the finest bel canto operas. The title role is one of the most demanding in the entire Italian repertoire. Sopranos Maria Callas, Joan Sutherland, and Montserrat Caballé have been amongst the best exponents of the role. 



Impact crater

Impact craters are formed by meteorites or comets striking the Earth or other solid body. There is a system for recording and assessing craters. 

The five largest "confirmed" impact structures are:
There are some other suggested impact structures which are larger. It is a feature of the Earth that climate, weathering and plate tectonics removes most of the older features and events. In comparison, the Moon retains a nearly complete record of its past impact events. The implication is that the Earth once suffered a similar bombardment in its early history. This period is known as the Late Heavy Bombardment, because it occurred after the Moon was (presumably) knocked from the Earth.




The distinctive mark of an impact crater is the presence of rock which has undergone shock-metamorphic effects, shattered or melted rocks, and crystal deformations. Examples:

Pihlajavesi (Saimaa)

Pihlajavesi is a lake in Finland. The area of the lake is 712.59 km², making it the sixth largest lake in the country. Pihlajavesi is the second-largest basin in the complex Saimaa lake system. Pihlajavesi lacks large open lake areas but has more islands than any other lake in Finland.

All My Loving

"All My Loving" is a song by The Beatles, written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney), from the 1963 album "With the Beatles".

According to journalist Bill Harry, McCartney wrote the lyrics while shaving, but McCartney told biographer Barry Miles that he wrote them while on a tour bus. He also said, "It was the first song I'd ever written the words first. I never wrote words first, it was always some kind of accompaniment. I've hardly ever done it since either." The lyrics follow the "letter song" model as used on "P.S. I Love You", the B-side of their first single.

Lennon showed his love for the song in his 1980 "Playboy" interview:



Scott McLeod

Scott McLeod is a British bassist who was a member of The Ya Ya's and briefly a member of Oasis in 1995 when Paul McGuigan quit the band citing exhaustion after a long time touring. McLeod appeared in the music video for "Wonderwall" and began a tour with the band of the United States. He quit after a show in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, which resulted in rhythm guitarist Bonehead playing bass for a while.

Weeks later, McLeod contacted Oasis lead guitarist Noel Gallagher claiming he felt he had made the wrong decision. Gallagher replied: "I think you have too. Good luck signing on.".

(What's the Story) Morning Glory?

(What's the Story) Morning Glory? is the second album by the rock band Oasis. It was released in October 1995. The album was Oasis' highest selling album, charting at number one in the UK (staying there for 10 weeks) and number four in the U.S. The album sold 346,000 copies in its first week in the United Kingdom and has sold around 23 million copies worldwide, but several sources say that it has sold over 30 million. It is the third biggest-selling album in UK chart history (with 4.4 million copies sold). The album was the second biggest selling album for both 1995 and 1996 in the UK. It went on to become the biggest selling album of the decade. The album has gone 4× platinum (3.9 million copies) in the United States.

Album singles "Some Might Say", "Roll with It", "Wonderwall" and "Don't Look Back in Anger" were big hits in the UK, with "Some Might Say" and "Don't Look Back in Anger" both reaching the number one spot in the UK singles chart. "Wonderwall" and "Champagne Supernova" both reached #1 on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart. They would go on to be certified gold in the United States. whilst "Wonderwall" also was at the top of the Australian ARIA charts. The album won Best British Album at the 1996 BRIT Awards, and won the BRIT Award for the best British Album of the last 30 Years at the 2010 BRIT Awards.

Ö3 Austria Top 40

Ö3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart, as well as the radio show which presents it. The show airs Fridays on Hitradio Ö3. The show presents the Austrian singles, ringtones and downloads chart. It premiered on 26 November 1968 as "Disc Parade" and was presented by Ernst Grissemann. The show has had other names and other presenters, as detailed below.

The weekly number-ones are released by Musikmarkt and go TV.

The first number-one single was "Das ist die Frage aller Fragen" by Cliff Richard. The most successful single is "Candle in the Wind 1997" by Elton John. The most successful Austrian single is "Anton aus Tirol" by DJ Ötzi. The artists with the most number-one hits since 1980 are Rainhard Fendrich and Christina Stürmer.

Between 1968 and 2007, the names of the show were "Disc Parade", "Die Großen 10 von Ö3", "Pop Shop", "Hit wähl mit", "Die Großen 10", "Ö3 Top-30" and "Ö3 Austria Top 40".









Liam Gallagher

William John Paul "Liam" Gallagher (born 21 September 1972) is a British musician and songwriter. Gallagher is best known as a singer in the rock band Oasis alongside his older brother Noel before the band broke up in 2009. Gallagher later formed a new band called Beady Eye. Former Oasis members Gem Archer, Andy Bell and Chris Sharrock were also in the new band. Beady Eye broke up in 2014.

In 2010 Gallagher was selected as "best frontman" by reader's of Q magazine.

Since 2017, Gallagher has pursued a solo career.

12-inch single

The 12-inch single (often called "12") is a type of gramophone record that has a wider groove compared to other types of records. This allows better sound quality. This record type is used a lot in disco and dance music genres, where DJs use them to play in discos or clubs. They are usually played at 45 RPM, which allows for improved quality.

Korean Grand Prix

The Korean Grand Prix is a planned Formula One race to be held in South Korea. On 2 October 2006 it was announced that the event would take place in . The race would be hosted by the Korean International Circuit. The circuit was to be built between 2007 and July 2010. The Korean International Circuit has a seven year deal to host the race. After the seven years, they have an option to host the race for another five years.

After the approval of funding for the event, Korea was given the date of 17 October on the 2010 calendar published by the FIA. On 10 December 2009, the organisers of the event announced that they were on schedule. They plan to be finished with the circuit on 5 July 2010. They admitted their largest problem is finding accommodations for all of the Formula One staff and spectators. Despite the confirmation, there is still a chance that the circuit might not be ready on time. The race promoter said that the circuit was ahead of schedule.

The first Korean Grand Prix will run as scheduled. The Korean International Circuit passed its inspection on 12 October.

Sodium sulfate

Sodium sulfate, also known as Glauber's salt, is a chemical compound made of sodium and sulfate ions. It is a bitter-tasting white solid. It is made by a neutralization reaction between sodium hydroxide with sulfuric acid. The sodium ions are in the oxidation state of +1. It is used to make detergents and paper making. Its pH is neutral. 


Sulfite

A sulfite is an ion that is made of one sulfur atom and three oxygen atoms; it has a charge of two minus. Sulfite is made when sulfurous acid (a solution of sulfur dioxide in water) is deprotonated. Salts containing the sulfite ion are called sulfites. Sodium sulfite is an example. Sulfites are weak reducing agents; they can be oxidized to sulfates. They are used to preserve dried food. Some people have allergies to sulfite in food, and it makes them sick. It contains sulfur in the +4 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is SO.


Sulfurous acid

Sulfurous acid is a weak acid with the chemical formula HSO. It is produced by dissolving sulfur dioxide in water. Bases deprotonate (remove the Hydrogen ion) it to produce sulfites. It tends to turn back into sulfur dioxide and water again. It is a weak reducing agent.


Sodium sulfite

Sodium sulfite is a chemical compound. White odorless powder. Density 2.633 g / cm3. It is moderately toxic. 

It is made of sodium and sulfite ions. It is one of the sulfites used to preserve dried food. It is used to remove chlorine from pools. It reacts with acids to produce sulfur dioxide. It is a weak reducing agent. When it is oxidized, it is converted to sodium sulfate. Its chemical formula is NaSO.


Silver oxide

When silver is oxidized, it can form different compounds. The most common ones are:

Bargh Shiraz F.C.

Bargh Shiraz Football Club () is a football club which plays in Iran.

Website: https://barghshirazfc.com/

Brazilian Grand Prix

The Brazilian Grand Prix is a Formula One championship race which occurs at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace in Interlagos, a district in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
The first Brazilian Grand Prix was first held at Interlagos in 1972. It was not part of the Formula One World Championship. The race in was the first one included in the official calendar. In the Brazilian Grand Prix moved to Jacarepaguá in Rio de Janeiro. For and the race returning to Interlagos. In the race returned to Jacarepaguá. Since , the Grand Prix has been run at Interlagos. 

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1998-2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic As Sao Paulo Grand Prix 2021 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2022 George Russell Mercedes 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT
Marlboro 1999-2004
Petrobras 2009-


Abu Dhabi Grand Prix

The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates. The first race took place on November 1 2009. It was held at the Yas Marina Circuit. Hermann Tilke designed the circuit.

The race was Formula One's first ever day-night race, starting at 5:00 pm local time. The floodlights used to light the circuit were turned on for the start of the race. This was to ensure even lighting during the transition from daylight to darkness.

The Yas Marina Circuit is located on Yas Island. Yas Island is a island on the east coast of Abu Dhabi. The 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was the first major event to take place on the circuit.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

Universal design

Universal design is a design of any products and informations that every person can use, of all ages, genders, disabilities.

The principle of universal design is to be simple, and easy to access to any public institutions and information. It also include the useful information technology and Internet. This concept is also used in the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities as a condition of the common human rights. 


Hermann Tilke

Hermann Tilke (born December 31, 1954 in Olpe German) is an architect and designer of Formula One motor racing circuits. He is also an auto racer.

During the 1980s, Tilke competed in touring car racing. Most of his racing was on the old Nürburgring Nordschleife circuit. He also competed in VLN endurance racing and 24 Hours Nürburgring. He and Dirk Adorf won some VLN races with a V8Star Series in 2003 and 2004.

Tilke established "Tilke Engineering" in 1984 to combine the skills in architecture, civil engineering and electronic engineering. Tilke Engineering provides complete solutions for motor racing and waste disposal projects.

His first large job was in Austria, in the 1990s. He made a major redesign of the fast Österreichring, and created the much shorter A1-Ring.

Tilke made changes to many established F1 circuits. Because of this, Tilke was able to earn the contracts to design many of new new, high-profile circuits from scratch. 

Tilke's trademark of circuit design is a mixture long straight and tight hairpins. These are intended to encourage overtaking.

Tilke's circuits have been criticized for producing uninteresting races. He has been accused of "slowly killing" Formula One.

Tilke has design many high-profile new world circuits from scratch. These include:


Zach Tyler Eisen

Zach Tyler Eisen (born 23 September 1993 in Stamford, Connecticut) is an American voice actor. He is known for playing Aang in and Pablo in The Backyardigans.

Jack DeSena

John Patrick "Jack" DeSena (born 6 December 1987) is an American movie and voice actor. He is best known for his work on the sketch comedy series "All That". He joined the program's cast at the start of its 7th season in 2002. He tied with Logan Lerman for the 2005 Young Artist Award for "Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy or Drama) - Leading Young Actor" (for "All That"). His family moved to Irvine, California in 1999 and he attended school there. He was a very active member of the international "ComedySportz" troupe (a comic improvisation team that participates in games as seen on "Whose Line is it Anyway?"). He also did voice work for the character of Sokka on the Nickelodeon series "". Recently DeSena has been working on the online mockumentary web series "Dorm Life" which is a 2008 Webby Honoree for Best Writing and Comedy: Individual Short or Episode. As of 2016, Jack DeSena and Chris Smith are co-creators of the sketch comedy YouTube channel "Chris and Jack".

Dante Basco

Danté Basco (born August 29, 1975) is an American actor, voice actor, poet, and dancer.


Mako Iwamatsu

, born ; 10 December 1933 – 21 July 2006), was a Japanese-American actor. Many of his acting roles credited him simply as Mako, omitting his surname. Mako is known for playing Aku from the first four seasons of "Samurai Jack", Master Splinter from the movie "TMNT", Iroh from "", and Mr. Lee from "Sidekicks".

Mako was born in Kobe, Japan. He was the son of famous children's book author and illustrator Taro Yashima. His parents moved to the United States when he was a small child. He joined them there after World War II, in 1949, joining the military in the 1950s. He became a naturalized American citizen in 1956. When Mako first joined his parents in the US, he studied architecture. During his military service, he discovered his theatrical talent, and trained at the Pasadena Community Playhouse.

Mako was married to actress Shizuko Hoshi with whom he had two daughters (both are actresses) and three grandchildren.



Mako died in Somis, California on 21 July 2006, aged 72, from esophageal cancer. One day before his death, Mako had been confirmed to star in the film "TMNT", providing the voice of Splinter. Kevin Munroe, director of the film, confirmed that Mako had completed his recording before his death. The finished film was dedicated to Mako.

During an "" episode, titled "The Tales of Ba Sing Se" (episode 15 of the ), which comprises several small stories about the main characters, there is a segment titled, "The Tale of Iroh." It features a dedication to Mako, as he was the voice actor for the character Iroh for the first and second seasons. He was also featured in the Memoriam Montage in the 79th Academy Awards.


Chevrolet Astro

The Chevrolet Astro (and its sibling GMC Safari) was a Minivan that was built by Chevrolet from 1985 to 2005 to rival the Dodge Caravan/Plymouth Voyager twin models and the Japanese Toyota Van. The Astro had two generation and was manufactured by General Motors. The Astro offered two variations a passenger van and a cargo van it also offered optional AWD. The Astro was assembled at the Baltimore Assembly in Baltimore, Maryland. The Astro was discontinued in 2005 because General Motors thought that they were not selling as well as they used to. The Astro was replaced by the Chevrolet Uplander, Chevrolet Traverse and the Chevrolet City Express.

Jason Isaacs

Jason Michael Isaacs (born 6 June 1963) is an English actor and voice actor who was born in Liverpool. His best-known roles include Colonel William Tavington in the movie "The Patriot" and Lucius Malfoy in the "Harry Potter" movie franchise. He is Jewish.




Dodge Durango

The Dodge Durango is a full-sized SUV that was built by Chrysler's Dodge brand from 1998 to 2008. The Durango was discontinued in 2009 but returned in 2012 to share a platform with the Jeep Grand Cherokee. The Durango had two generations, the first generation was a mid-sized SUV and was produced from 1998 to 2003 and the second generation which is a full-sized SUV and was produced from 2003-2008.

Dee Bradley Baker

Dee Bradley Baker (born August 31, 1962) is an American voice actor. He is known for his voice-work such as "Phineas and Ferb", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Adventure Time with Finn and Jake", "American Dad!", "Ben 10", "", "", "Halo", "Gears of War", "" and an unnamed dog show in 2024.






Crawford Wilson

Crawford Wilson (born May 19, 1990) is an American actor and voice actor, from Memphis, Tennessee. He is best known for playing the lead role in the Nintendo GameCube RPG "Baten Kaitos Origins", Sagi. He also voiced in the animated series "."

He provided a voice in the "Family Guy" episode "Prick up your ears."
He has been in commercials and print ads around the United States. He also did the voice of Daisukenojō Bitō in the Nintendo DS game "The World Ends with You", by Square Enix. Wilson also voiced Robin in "The Color of Revenge!" on "".

He played Dwayne Dill in the 2009 Disney Channel original movie, "Hatching Pete".
He played Jake James in the movie "The Secrets Of The Mountain".

In October of 2021, Crawford was a guest on the podcast Braving the Elements episode "Jet" which was hosted by Dante Basco and Janet Varney, the voices of Zuko and Korra respectively. In the episode, he explained that he got into acting and voice acting because the idea of modelling at a young age was slowly becoming unappealing to him. In the episode, he expressed his love for voicing Jet and stated that if himself were a bender, he would be a waterbender due to his history of surfing.

Other websites

Ford Explorer

The Ford Explorer is a mid-sized SUV that is built by Ford Motor Company. The Explorer has been built for five generations, the first generation was a 2-door and 4-door SUV and was produced from 1991 to 1994, the second generation was a 2-door, 4-door and 4-door pickup truck and was produced from 1995-2001, 1995-2003 for the Sport and 2001-2005 for the Sport Trac, the third generation was a 5-door SUV only and was produced from 2002-2005, the forth generation was also a 5-door SUV and was produced 2006-2010 and the fifth generation has been produced since 2011 with a facelift for 2016.

The current generation is a unibody crossover SUV powered by 4-cylinder and V6 engines.


Dave Filoni

David Filoni (born June 7, 1974) is an American movie director, writer, and animator.

He is the director of the "" feature movie, and the supervising director of the "" TV series.

Filoni made an appearance at Celebration IV on Sunday, May 28, 2007 with producer Catherine Winder in the Celebration Theater (Room 408AB), to discuss the beginnings of the new television series and reveal how "The Clone Wars" is being created. He will also be writing for the Clone Wars monthly comic.

An avid Plo Koon fan, Filoni dressed up as the Jedi Master for the opening of "". In February 2009, Filoni was inducted as an Honorary Member of the 501st Legion international costuming organization in recognition of his contributions to the continuing "Star Wars" saga.

Dave Filoni's office, as seen in the extra features on the "" DVD, is filled with Plo Koon paraphernalia. He has a bust of Plo Koon's head, a model of Plo Koon's ship, an autographed portrait by the actor who played Plo Koon, a replica of Plo Koon's lightsaber on his desk, and his personal Plo Koon costume on display. Filoni also has a note book sized planner on his desk with Plo Koon's picture taped to the outside. Filoni also has a small model of the character Appa on his desk, from "Avatar: The Last Airbender".

Lauren MacMullan

Lauren MacMullan (born April 30, 1964) is an American animation director. 

She works at Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

As a child, Lauren MacMullan lived near Philadelphia.

She graduated from Swarthmore High School in 1982. Then she studied in Harvard University.

Her first primetime TV job was on "The Critic", followed by directing for "King of the Hill". She went on to become the supervising director and designer for "Mission Hill". After the show was cancelled quickly, she got a job directing on "The Simpsons", and stayed for three seasons. She also has directed some episodes of "", and won an Annie award for storyboarding on that show.

MacMullan was a sequence director on "The Simpsons Movie".


Vera Lynn

Dame Vera Margaret Lynn ("née" Welch; 20 March 1917 – 18 June 2020) was an English singer and actress. Lynn was born in East Ham, Essex. She began performing in public at age seven and she started using her grandmother's maiden name (Lynn) as her stage name. Her first radio broadcast was in 1935 with the Joe Loss Orchestra. At this time she was being featured on records released by dance bands including those of Loss and of Charlie Kunz. 

She was popular during World War II. Her best known songs are We'll Meet Again and The White Cliffs of Dover. 

Lynn worked a lot with charities for former military servicemen, disabled children, and breast cancer. Veterans of the Second World War still admire her. She was named the Briton who best exemplified (the best example of) the spirit of the twentieth century, in 2000.

Vera Lynn's album "We'll Meet Again: The Very Best of Vera Lynn" went to #1 in the United Kingdom. This made her the oldest living artist to top the U.K. album charts. The album is some of her recordings made for Decca Records. Lynn recorded for Decca between 1936 and 1959. The album reached number one on the UK Albums Chart on 13 September 2009. The album entered the chart at number 20 on 30 August. It then climbed to number 2 the following week, before reaching the top position.

The 1964 movie Dr. Strangelove, starring Peter Sellers and George C. Scott, ends with a world-ending war of atomic bombs. The scene uses Vera Lynn's song "We'll Meet Again".

Lynn died on 18 June 2020 at the age of 103 in East Sussex.


Matt Hubbard

Matt Hubbard is an American television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many television shows. He graduated from Beverly High School, in Beverly Massachusetts in the class of 1996, where he excelled in the English Department. He later went on to attend Harvard University where he was an editor for the Harvard Lampoon. He has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series "30 Rock". He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Comedic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "30 Rock". 


Chevrolet Malibu

The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car that is manufactured by General Motors. There have been eight generations of the Malibu. The Malibu is named after the city in California, Malibu, California. The Malibu is sold in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and the Middle East.

The Malibu replaced the Chevrolet Corsica/Beretta for the 1997 Model Year and was succeeded by the 1983 Chevrolet Celebrity. The eighth generation Malibu is a rebadged Daewoo Tosca, due to GM phasing out the brand. A ninth generation is being prepared for the 2016 market, it will be slightly larger and have a look similar to the Impala.


Buick Enclave

The Buick Enclave is a full-sized luxury SUV that is built by General Motors's Buick brand. The Buick was first shown at the 2006 North American International Auto Show. The Buick won the Best New SUV / CUV (over C$60,000) award from the AJAC in 2008. The Enclave replaced the Terraza minivan, the Rainier SUV and the mid-sized Rendezvous CUV. The Enclave's styling is based off the Buick Centieme concept crossover.


Ringmaster (album)

Ringmaster is the second studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on January 28, 1994. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the second of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology.

Maserati GranTurismo

The Maserati GranTurismo/GranCabrio is a 2-door 2+2 luxury coupé built by the Italian luxury car brand Maserati. The GranTurismo has six generations. The GranTurismo was first shown at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show in Geneva.

The GranTurismo (codenamed M145) was first shown at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show in Geneva. It was released on 2007 for the 2008 model year and was discontinued in December 2019, maintaining its Italian style and design for 12 whole years. It has a unique style for a luxury coupe.

Though it was discontinued in 2019, it came back in 2023.

The cabriolet version, called the GranCabrio is basically a convertible version of the GranTurismo. It keeps the 4-seat design of the GranTurismo, and is also called 'GranTurismo Convertible' in the US and Canada.
The second generation (codenamed M189) was revealed in late 2022. It is still a 4-seater, but the convertible version was revealed months after the GranTurismo. Back after 4 years, its range includes three trims: 2 petrol Modena and Trofeo, and 1 fully-electric Folgore. It is larger than the previous model

Bugatti Veyron

The Bugatti Veyron is a 2-door Coupé that is built by the Bugatti brand. The Veyron can also be bought as a roadster. The Veyron is in its 1st generation. The car is built in France. The Sport Series of the Veyron is currently the Fourth fastest production car in the world with a top speed of 431.072 km/h (267.856 mph), as the Hennessy Venom GT, Koenigsegg Agera RS and the new SSC Tuatara have beat the record since.

The car costs about £1.6 million to buy. The tyres cost over $40,000 for a set.

The car has a monocoque construction. The car has two V8 engines joined together to make a W16 engine with quad turbocharging.


Spiderbait

Spiderbait is an Australian rock band who have had two top ten albums and three albums reach the Australian top 40. Their song "Buy Me a Pony" was a defining song of Australian rock in the 90's and was #1 on the Triple J Hottest 100 for 1996. The group had success with their 2004 #1 Australian hit cover of "Black Betty".


Sverigetopplistan

Sverigetopplistan, also known as Topplistan and Hitlistan, is since October 2007 the Swedish national record chart, based on sales data from Swedish Recording Industry Association. Since late 2006 the chart has included legal downloads.

The following charts are included:

1976-2006 the sales chart was broadcast on Sveriges Radio P3. From 2007, P3 only presents sales data for digital downloads (DigiListan), tracked by Nielsen SoundScan.


Bernie Ecclestone

Bernard Charles "Bernie" Ecclestone (born 28 October 1930) is a British sports entrepreneur.

He was the president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration. He is part owner of Alpha Prema, the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies. He is generally considered the primary authority in Formula One racing. In 1972 he bought the Brabham team, which he ran for fifteen years. As a team owner he became a member of the Formula One Constructors Association.

On the 23 January, 2017, it was announced that Bernie Ecclestone had been replaced by Chase Carey as chief executive of the Formula One Group, though he has been appointed as chairman emeritus and will act as an adviser to the board.

He is also the co-owner of Queens Park Rangers F.C.


Jumbo Tsuruta

Tomomi Tsuruta (March 25, 1951 – May 13, 2000), better known by his ring name Jumbo Tsuruta, was a professional wrestler who wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling for most of his career, and is well known for being the first ever AJPW Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion, having won the PWF Heavyweight Championship, the NWA United National Championship, and the NWA International Heavyweight Championship, and unifying the three titles.










Shohei Baba

Shohei Baba ("Baba Shōhei", January 23, 1938 – January 31, 1999) was a Japanese professional wrestler. He was co-founder of All Japan Pro Wrestling. He was also known as Giant Baba. Baba, along with Antonio Inoki, became one of the most famous Japanese wrestlers of his time, with a popularity in Japan that was like Hulk Hogan's in the United States of America. He was also a 3 time NWA Champion. 

Baba died on January 31, 1999 from cancer.











Rikidōzan

Rikidozan (1924 - December 15, 1963), was the father of puroresu. He established the puroresu as a popular professional sport in Japan less than a decade after Japan lost the World War II. Continuously defeating Americans with his famous karate chop, he was a hero for the Japanese people who were still depressed from the war. Many of his students became big stars in the sport, including Shohei "Giant" Baba and Antonio Inoki, who are two of the greatest wrestlers in the history of puroresu, and Kintaro Ohki (Kim Il), who was also a superstar in his home country South Korea. 

Because the Koreans were discriminated against in Japan, his real identity was kept secret for many years even after his death. It was always believed that he was born Mitsuhiro Momota in Ohmura, Nagasaki, Japan. Momota is the last name of his adopted parents in Nagasaki.

His 1957/10/6 sixty-minute draw with Lou Thesz for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship drew an 87.0 rating, and his 1963/5/24 sixty-minute draw with The Destroyer drew a 67.0 rating (the 4th largest viewing audience in Japanese history, since by 1963 more people had television sets, thanks to Rikidōzan's popularity).






Puroresu.com

Owen Morris

Owen Dylan Morris (born 13 May 1968 in Caernarfon, Wales) is a music producer who has worked with rock bands like Oasis and The Verve.

He started working in the music industry as a sound engineer at Spaceward Studio in Cambridge when he was 16. He continued as an engineer until 1994 when he started producing some work for Oasis at the end of the "Definitely Maybe" sessions. Morris continued working with Oasis for their next two albums "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?" and "Be Here Now". Morris appears on the cover of "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?" holding the album's master tape.

He also produced The Verve album "A Northern Soul", Ash's "1977" and the debut United Kingdom album, "For God's Sake" for the singer Sek Loso. In 2000 he recorded and produced Ash's album Free All Angels. He produced The Paddingtons debut album "First Comes First," which was released in October 2005 on Poptones Records. In the early summer of 2006 he produced "Hats Off to the Buskers", the debut album of The View through Columbia Records.
He developed an engineering technique called "Brick Walling" on "Definitely Maybe". The effect made "Definitely Maybe" louder than other albums at the time. The NME described the resulting sound as "an ear-splitting sonic stew".

Scott Pilgrim vs. the World

Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a 2010 action-comedy movie. It was produced by Edgar Wright, Marc Platt, Eric Gitter and Nira Park and was directed by Edgar Wright.

The movie is based on the series of comic books where Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) has to defeat the seven evil exes of the girl of his dreams, Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) to win her heart.


Ratings were positive for Scott Pilgrim vs. the World:



Yas Marina Circuit

The Yas Marina Circuit is a race track. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix is held there. The track was designed by Hermann Tilke. It is on Yas Island, about 30 minutes from the capital of the UAE, Abu Dhabi. Yas Marina is the second Formula One track in the Middle East. The first was Bahrain. It also hosted the opening event for the Australian V8 Supercars series, the Yas V8 400, in February 2010.

Yas Marina was designed as an Arabian version of Monaco. The twenty-one corners twists through the man made island off the Abu Dhabi coast. The track passes by the marina and through the Yas Marina Hotel, and winds its way through sand dunes, with several long straights and tight corners.

The circuit has four grandstand areas (Main Grandstand, West Grandstand, North Grandstand and South Grandstand). Part of its pit lane exit runs underneath the track. It has Media Center, Dragster Track, VIP Tower, Ferrari World Theme Park, and a team building behind the pit building. One of the gravel traps runs underneath the West grandstand.


The circuit was built by Cebarco-WCT WLL, under contract from Aldar Properties. The circuit was constructed with a permanent lighting system provided by Musco Lighting, similar to that also installed at the Losail Circuit in Qatar. Yas Marina Circuit is the largest permanent sports venue lighting project in the world.

The surface of the track is made of Graywacke aggregate, shipped to Abu Dhabi from Bayston Hill quarry in Shropshire, England. The surface material is highly praised for the high level of grip. The same material was used at the Bahrain International Circuit.

On 7 October 2009, the circuit was granted final approval to hold Formula One races by the FIA. Bruno Senna was the first driver to complete a test run on the circuit.

After the first practice sessions at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, the circuit was welcomed by the drivers, with Nico Rosberg commenting that every corner was 'unique'. World Champion Fernando Alonso stating that it was enjoyable because there was always something to do. Adrian Sutil rated the circuit as being better than Formula One's other night race in Singapore. He believes there is too much light at Marina Bay.

Not all of the drivers were complimentary. Giancarlo Fisichella does not like the pit exit, which dips under the main circuit by way of a tunnel. Fisichella claimed that it was both very difficult and dangerous.



Syncopation

Syncopation is music which creates rhythmical variation. Examples would be:

"If a part of the measure (bar) that is usually unstressed is accented, the rhythm is considered to be syncopated".

More simply, syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they wouldn't normally occur.

Syncopation is used in many musical styles, and is fundamental in black-influenced styles such as jazz, ragtime, Cuban music, funk, ska, reggae, rap, jump blues, progressive rock, extreme metal, breakbeat, drum'n'bass, dubstep amd minimalism. "All dance music makes use of syncopation and it's often a vital element that helps tie the whole track together". In the form of a back beat, syncopation is used in virtually all popular music.

Syncopation has been an important element of musical composition since at least the Middle Ages. For some musical styles, such as jazz and ragtime, syncopation is an essential part of their character.

VG-lista

VG-lista is a Norwegian record chart. It is weekly presented in the newspaper "VG" and the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation program "Topp 20". It is considered the primary Norwegian record chart, charting albums and singles from countries around the world. The data is collected by Nielsen Soundscan International and is based on the sales in about 100 shops in Norway. The singles chart started as a top 10 chart in week 42, 1958 and was expanded to a top 20 chart in week 5, 1995. 


Austin Powers in Goldmember

Austin Powers in Goldmember is the third movie in the "Austin Powers" movie series. It is a sequel to and .

It was released in 2002. The movie was produced by Toby Emmerich, Richard Brener, John S. Lyons, Eric McLeod, Demi Moore, Mike Myers, Jennifer Todd and Suzanne Todd and was directed by Jay Roach.




Marina Bay Street Circuit

The Marina Bay Street Circuit (otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit) is a street circuit around the Marina Bay. It is the track for the Singapore Grand Prix. The track is 5.073 km (3.15 miles) long. It is next to the harbour, similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix. 

The circuit is designed by KBR Inc. It was a modification of the original design first proposed by Hermann Tilke.

The pit area of the circuit is in an empty plot of land off Republic Boulevard. A temporary track leads from the pit area and under the Benjamin Sheares Bridge to Republic Boulevard and turns onto Raffles Boulevard. It then proceeds along Nicoll Highway, Stamford Road and Saint Andrew's Road around the Padang, and past the City Hall.

The track then goes onto the Anderson Bridge, past the Fullerton Hotel and make a tight left turn to Esplanade Drive beside the Merlion Park. It joins Raffles Avenue and cut right after the Esplanade to the front of The Float at Marina Bay and return to the pit area via another temporary road around the Singapore Flyer. The track layout is unique in that in between turns 18 and 19, the cars race underneath a section of grandstand of the Floating Platform.

The track was criticised by F1 drivers as being excessively bumpy. Lewis Hamilton commented that it was twice as hard to negotiate as the Monaco street circuit, and very physical - requiring twice the amount of energy over a single lap.

Other drivers, including Sébastien Bourdais and Fernando Alonso, expressed their concern about the high and harsh kerbs (curbs) at the turn 13 hairpin and the chicane at turn 10 of the street circuit. The drivers were worried that hitting the bumps could cause damage to the car. They were also worried that the bumps would force them into the wall on the outside of the corner. Responding to the drivers' feedback, FIA race director and safety delegate Charlie Whiting ordered the high kerbs at Singapore's turn 10 hairpin be modified. 

The entry of the pit lane was called "difficult and incredibly dangerous" by several drivers. They did not like the fast nature of the corners where the pit lane is. The pit entry was then modified before Saturday's official Qualifying round.

In March 2009, three of the circuit's corners were given names. Turn 1 was named "Sheares" after Benjamin Henry Sheares, the second president of Singapore. Turn 7 was named "Memorial" because it is near a Second World War civilian memorial. Turn 10 was named "Singapore Sling".


ABS-CBN Corporation

ABS-CBN Corporation (also known alternatively and secondarily, and formerly primarily as ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation) is a Filipino media company based in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is the largest radio broadcaster, entertainment television production, program syndication provider and media conglomerate in the Philippines. It is a subsidiary of Lopez Holdings Corporation which is owned by the López family ABS-CBN was formed by the merger of Alto Broadcasting System (ABS) and Chronicle Broadcasting Network (CBN).

ABS was founded in 1946 by American electronics engineer James Lindenberg as Bolinao Electronics Corporation (BEC). In 1952, BEC was renamed Alto Broadcasting System (ABS) with its corporate name, Alto Sales Corporation after Judge Antonio Quirino, brother of President Elpidio Quirino, purchased the company and later launched the first TV station in the country, DZAQ-TV on October 23, 1953. The company that would later be merged with ABS to form ABS-CBN was founded in 1956 as Chronicle Broadcasting Network, Inc. (CBN) by Eugenio Lopez Sr. and his brother Fernando Lopez, who was the sitting Vice President of the Philippines. A year later, the Lopezes acquired ABS. The ABS-CBN brand was first used on television in 1961.

The company became known as ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation on February 1, 1967. The conglomerate then changed its primary name to simply ABS-CBN Corporation in October 1, 2008 during the 55th anniversary of the television network of the same name, to signify its diversification. Due to the change in the conglomerate's primary name, the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation name is now used as the company's alternative and secondary name in certain contexts. The common shares of ABS-CBN were first traded on the Philippine Stock Exchange in July 1992 under the ticker symbol ABS.

In 1946, when James Lindenberg was about to make it a radio called Bolinao Electronics Corporation, they settled all the equipment.

In 1950, James Lindenberg was been made a new transmitter using two mango trees and it been protected by lightning rod. And then in 1964, ABS-CBN was been first time using Color television.



I Me Mine

"I Me Mine" is a song by The Beatles, written and sung by George Harrison. "I Me Mine" is also the title of Harrison's autobiography. 



Happiness (movie)

Happiness is a 1998 American comedy drama movie. It stars Jane Adams, Jon Lovitz, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Dylan Baker and Lara Flynn Boyle. It was directed by Todd Solondz. The movie was first rated NC-17. This caused problems with the advertising and distribution of the movie. Because of this, they chose to release the movie without any rating.

The movie was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for "Best Screenplay" (Todd Solondz).

Charlie Whiting

Charles Whiting (12 August 1952 – 14 March 2019) was a British motorsports director. He served as the FIA Formula One Race Director, Safety Delegate, Permanent Starter and head of the F1 Technical Department. He mostly managed the logistics of each F1 Grand Prix, inspects cars before a race, enforces FIA rules, and controls the start of each race. He was born in Sevenoaks, Kent.

Whiting's first job was assisting his brother Nick in preparing race cars near the Brands Hatch racing circuit in England. In 1977, he joined Hesketh Racing at Easton Neston, near Silverstone. When the team folded, he joined Bernie Ecclestone's Brabham team. He become the chief mechanic for Nelson Piquet in and seasons. He later became chief engineer.

In , he became technical delegate to the FIA Formula One and in he was appointed FIA Race Director and Safety Delegate.

During the United States Grand Prix, Whiting was involved in a tyre controversy. None of the tyres which Michelin had brought to Indianapolis were safe to use. Michelin was unable to produce new tyres to replace the seven teams' unsafe tyres. Michelin asked Whiting to install a chicane in Turn 13 of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway instead. Whiting refused to make the change. He said this would be unfair to the teams who were able to race safely on the existing track.

On 14 March 2019, Whiting died of a pulmonary embolism in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. He was 66.

Cyprinus rubrofuscus

Cyprinus rubrofuscus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus "Cyprinus".


Negimaki

, also called negima, is a Japanese food consisting of broiled strips of beef soaked in teriyaki sauce and rolled with scallions, also known as negi. They are thought to have originated from the Kantō region of Japan.

Virgin Radio

Cero Radio is a brand owned by the cero Group used by a number of different radio stations worldwide under licence from Virgin. Cero Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the cero Group.

The stations generally carry independent programming, but have access to some shared programming, usually linked to other cero entities such as the cero Festival. Ceroirgin Radio stations are normally classified as cero music]] or contemporary cero radio stations.

Stations include:

Former stations:


2011 Formula One World Championship

The 2011 Formula One season will be the 62nd FIA Formula One season. The FIA announced they would consider adding a thirteenth team to the grid . On 8 September, 2010, the FIA announced that they would not add a new team. The same twelve teams from last year will compete this year. The race schedule was going to expand to twenty rounds with the running of the Indian Grand Prix, but the Bahrain Grand Prix was cancelled due to the high amount of protesters. Bahrain was briefly put back on the schedule before being cancelled again by the organizers of the race.

The new Concorde Agreement signed on 1 August 2009 continues the terms of the 1998 agreement. It will run until 31 December 2012. The FIA published the entry list on 30 November 2010 (updated 2 December 2010).


The FIA released the race schedule for the 2011 world championship. A new race, the Indian Grand Prix, had been added. However, the Bahrain Grand Prix was called off due to the political unrest in the country.


Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Holocene extinction

The Holocene extinction is the extinction of nearly all large mammal species after the end of the ice age. This was done by by humans hunting the animals, and by climate change.

Habitat destruction and over-harvesting are two of the primary causes which drive species extinct in more recent times. The fundamental cause of this is the huge increase in human population since the agricultural revolution.

Forests and natural habitats have been greatly reduced throughout the world, and this has been the cause of many extinctions.

Glaciation

Glaciation is the forming of ice (glaciers) on land. It is related to the Milankovich theory.


Tsunami

A tsunami (from Nowhere :/ ) is a natural disaster which is a series of fast-moving waves in the ocean caused by powerful earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, landslides, or simply an asteroid or a meteor crash inside the ocean. A tsunami starts as a small wave and builds up into a larger wave., a tsunami starts suddenly. The waves travel at a great speed across an ocean with little energy loss. They can remove sand from beaches, destroy trees, toss and drag vehicles, houses and even destroy whole towns and cities. Tsunamis can even be caused when a meteorite strikes the earth's surface, though it is very rare. A tsunami normally occurs in the Pacific Ocean, especially in what is called the ring of fire, but can occur in any large body of water like lakes and seas. If the slope of the coast is not steep, the water may pull back for hundreds of meters. People who do not know of the danger often remains at the shore.

Tsunamis cannot be prevented. However, there are ways to help stop people dying from a tsunami. International and regional warning systems, especially for the Pacific Ocean, issue alerts before the big waves reach the shore. Because the earthquake that caused the tsunami can be felt before the wave gets to the shore, people can be warned to go somewhere safe. 

Tsunamis are often called seismic sea wave or tidal "waves" because they usually rise and fall more slowly than ordinary ocean surface waves. This name is misleading, because tsunamis are not related to tides; they merely rise slowly as a series of fast-moving waves in the ocean caused by powerful earthquakes or volcanic eruptions.

The deadliest tsunami recorded in documented history was on 26 December 2004, and is known as the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami. It was caused by an earthquake. The earthquake was said to have a magnitude of 9.1 on the Moment magnitude scale. It was centered in the ocean near the coast of Sumatra, Indonesia. Over 230,000 people, mainly on the shores of the Indian Ocean, died from this disaster. The giant wave moved very quickly. Thousands of people in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, India, Somalia, and other nations, were killed or injured by it.

Yet, the most "expensive" tsunami ever was the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami or Great Sendai Earthquake . It is said to have cost the Japanese government around $2200 billion USD, which is equivalent to about 12 trillion yen. It went a huge distance in inland and mostly effected Tōhoku region (northeastern Honshu). and it was the 4th largest tsunami in history.

There is another type of tsunami known as a megatsunami , which is mainly due to external impact on the ocean, like an Asteroid or Meteor crash, a Landslide, a rockslide. It is rare for a megatsunami to occur.

Tsunamis are very strong and can go many kilometers inland. Around 5 to 10 minutes before a tsunami hits, the sea seems to go back by an unusual distance. This is a warning that a tsunami can occur. 

The best way to evacuate is to climb to an elevated area. If a person notices strange or unusual behavior in animals, they can also take that as a warning and go inland. However, if it still looks like the wave can absorb the person, the most suitable alternative will be to hold on to something sturdy, like a tree, so they don't totally get carried away and not injured and call the disaster rescue team.



The Wall

The Wall is the eleventh album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd.

Al Snow

Allen Ray Sarven (born July 18, 1963 in Lima, Ohio) is an American professional wrestler, actor and trainer who is best known for wrestling with WWF/E and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). Snow is currently working as a road agent for the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, and also as a trainer for TNA's official developmental promotion of Ohio Valley Wrestling. He is also an actor, his upcoming projects are the horror films "Alice D" and "Lake Eerie", starring Lance Henriksen.

Snow has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:

Parma, Ohio

Parma is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio in the Cuyahoga County. The population is 81,146 from the 2020 census but the city's peak population was in 1970 when the population was 100,216.

Parma was named after Parma, New York and the city was largely agricultural in the 19th century. Parma grew quickly after World War II when the young families began moving from Cleveland to the suburbs and during the Cold War Parma kept Nike missiles in underground silos.

WWE wrestler The Miz was born in Parma.


American Gothic

American Gothic is a painting made by Grant Wood. It was painted in the early 20th century. The painting is a father and daughter (not his wife as many people think) standing beside each other with the father holding a pitchfork in his hand standing in front of a house. The painting was painted on a beaverboard with oil and is currently on display in the Art Institute of Chicago.

Keith Urban (1991 album)

Keith Urban is the first studio album by Austalian country singer Keith Urban. It was released in 1991. The producer of the album was Peter Blyton and Keith Urban.


Keith Urban (album)

Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on October 19, 1999. The producer of the album was Matt Rollings and Keith Urban. The song "But for the Grace of God" reached #1 on the Billboard while "Where the Blacktop Ends" reached #3, "Your Everything" reached #4 and "It's a Love Thing" reached #18.


Golden Road (album)

Golden Road is the third studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on October 8, 2002. The producers of the album were Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album stayed on the "Billboard" Hot Country Albums chart for 108 weeks peaking at #2 and peaked #11 on the "Billboard" 200. The album reached double Platinum in Canada selling 200,000 units.


Be Here

Be Here is the fourth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on September 21, 2004 in the United States and November 30, 2004 in Australia. The producer of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The songs "Days Go By", "Making Memories of Us" and "Better Life" all reached #1 on the Hot Country Songs chart "You're My Better Half" and "Tonight I Wanna Cry" peaked at #2 and "Live to Love Another Day" peaked at #48 and the album peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Albums chart and #3 on the Billboard 200. The album is certified triple Platinum by the RIAA and is Urban's best selling record selling 3,639,000 units in the United States.


Suzuka Circuit

Suzuka International Racing Course, Suzuka Circuit for short, is a motorsports race track in Ino, Suzuka City, Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is managed by Mobilityland Corporation, a subsidiary of Honda Motor Co., Ltd..

Designed as a Honda test track in 1962 by John Hugenholtz, Suzuka is one of few circuits in the world to have a figure-eight layout. The track doesn't actually intersect with itself. The back straight passes over the front section by means of a bridge.

The circuit can be used in three configurations: the full "Grand Prix" circuit, the "East" circuit, and the "West" circuit. The "East" course is made of the main pit straight to the first half of the Dunlop curve (turn 7). It then leads back to the pit straight via a tight right-hand turn. The "West" course is made up of the other part of the full circuit, with the pit stop at the straight before the 130R corner.

Suzuka is one of the oldest tracks on the Formula One World Championship. It has a long history of races as host of the Japanese Grand Prix. Suzuka was dropped from the Formula One calendar for the and seasons in favor of the Toyota-owned Fuji Speedway. Fuji had just been remodeled and the circuit redesigned by Hermann Tilke. Suzuka and Fuji were to alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix starting in . In July 2009, Fuji announced that it would no longer be part of the F1 calendar. Suzuka signed a deal to host the Japanese Grand Prix through .

The circuit was closed for more than a year to make renovations, since Mobilityland needed to make the track comply with Formula One rules for 2009. The last major event before the renovations was held on 18 November 2007. The track held a re-opening event on 12 April 2009.
Suzuka also hosts other motorsport events, including the Suzuka 1000 km endurance race. The Suzuka 1000 km is a round of the Super GT racing series, and is the only race in that series of that length. Suzuka also hosts the Suzuka 8 Hours for motorcycles, which has been run since 1978.

NASCAR organized the NASCAR Thunder 100, a pair of exhibition 100-lap races on the East Circuit. The races were held in 1996 and 1997. The layout went along the pit straight and S-corners, before rejoining the main circuit near the Casio Triangle chicane. The cars were from the Sprint Cup Series (then called the Winston Cup) and Camping World West Series (then called Winston West). The field was by invitation for the two races, and it included several Japanese and Australian drivers. Tragedy struck in the 1996 event when pace car driver Elmo Langley died of a heart attack during practice. During qualifying for the 1997 race, rain caused Goodyear to use rain tires on the Sprint Cup cars. This was the first time in NASCAR's modern era (which started in 1972) that race cars used rain tires instead of slick tires.

It was announced on 21 June 2010 that Suzuka Circuit would host the Japan round of the 2011 World Touring Car Championship season instead of the Okayama International Circuit.

Following two bad accidents in 2002 and 2003, safety has been a concern at the circuit's 130R corner. 130R is a radius turn starting past the bridge. 130R has been compared to Spa's Eau Rouge corner. In 2002, Toyota driver Allan McNish suffered a high-speed crash through the bump. The crash sent him through a metal fence. He was not seriously injured.

Track officials redesigned the corner. They made it a double-apex (two smaller turns in one corner) section. One apex had a radius, and the second had a radius. This led to the much closer Casio Triangle chicane, with the chicane becoming a "bus stop" type for motorcycles.

Problems continued for the revised section. During the 2003 MotoGP Grand Prix of Japan, the track's first major event since the revisions, MotoGP rider Daijiro Kato was killed when he crashed in the new section, on his way to the braking zone for the Casio Triangle. MotoGP has not returned to Suzuka since the incident.

Along with Fuji Speedway, Suzuka Circuit has been featured in many video games and arcade games. The circuit appears in most F1 games that have been published since 1987. The East Course has been featured in "NASCAR 98" and the Gran Turismo series.


Love, Pain &amp; the Whole Crazy Thing

Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on November 7, 2006. The producers of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album is certified double Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and Platinum by the RIAA. The album sold over 2,000,000 units in the United States and over 100,000 in Canada.


Defying Gravity (Keith Urban album)

Defying Gravity is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on March 31, 2009. The producers of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album peaked at #1 on the Billboard 200, peaked #1 on the U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums and also peaked #1 on the Canadian Top Country Albums. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Album in 2009. The song "Kiss a Girl" peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and all the singles from the album peaked at #1 in either the United States or Canada.


Fuck the World (Insane Clown Posse song)

"Fuck the World" is a 1999 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the second single from their fifth studio album "The Amazing Jeckel Brothers", which was released in 1999. The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark and also written by Mike E. Clark and ICP.

The song is notable for using the curse word, "fuck" 95 times even though the song claims to have said it 93 times. Insane Clown Posse to vent their anger. They were angry because Disney pressured their label, Hollywood Records, to drop them. Disney had been getting a lot of anger from the Southern Baptist Church because they had been hosting Gay Days at Disneyland.

The people they cursed in the song were: Beastie Boys, the Dalai Lama, Forrest Gump, Oprah Winfrey, Kyle Petty, Tom Petty, Fred Bear, Ted Nugent, The Count of Monte Cristo, Cisco, Jack Brisco, Jerry Brisco, RMS Titanic, Celine Dion, Dionne Warwick, Berlin Wall, Lyle Lovett (claiming "Whoever the fuck that is"), Jumpsteady, Rocky Maivia, Spin, Rolling Stone, VIBE, and Violent J.

Santa Fe de Antioquia

Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department of Colombia. The city is located about 50 miles north of "Medellin", the department capital. It has a population of about 23,000 residents.

It was founded by the name "Villa de Santafé" in 1541 by Jorge Robledo on the western bank of the Cauca River. It received the coat of arms and the title of "City of Antioquia" from King Philip II of Spain in 1545. It was promoted to the status of parish in 1547 by the bishop of Popayán. It changed its name in 1584 when it became the capital of Antioquia. It was a mining town from its beginnings and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy.

Its cathedral was constructed in 1799 and elevated to Diocese of Antioquia in 1804 by Pope Pius VII. In 1813 Antioquia was declared a sovereign and independent state with Santa Fe as its capital, a status it maintained until 1826, when Medellín was chosen as the new departmental seat. Due to the state of conservation of its colonial architecture, it was declared a national monument in 1960.

The municipal area has a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco. Its area is 493 km².

The economy of "Santa Fe de Antioquia" is based on agriculture. The main products made are coffee, maize and beans.

Tourism was, and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality. The opening of the "Tunnel of the West" (which shortens the time and the distance between the locality and Medellín) in 2006 has allowed hundreds of tourists to come each weekend, stimulating the vocation of the vicinity as a summer vacation site.

All of the town is a historical site; the architecture that has survived through the years gives "Santa Fe de Antioquia" the aspect of a city "suspended" in the colonial era, which is the reason the city was declared a National monument.


http://www.medellintraveler.com/Cinema.html 

Superstar (movie)

Superstar is a 1999 comedy movie and "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") spin-off. It is about a quirky, socially incompetent girl called Mary Katherine Gallagher. The character was created by the "SNL" star Molly Shannon. She was a recurring character on "SNL" in many skits. The story is about Mary Katherine trying to find her place in her Catholic high school. The movie was directed by a former "Kids in the Hall" member, Bruce McCulloch.

The movie stars the following people:

Mark McKinney, who appeared in many of the Mary Katherine Gallagher "SNL" skits on television, also has a minor role as a priest.

Molly Shannon got a nomination for Blockbuster Entertainment Award "Favorite Actress - Comedy", but lost to Heather Graham in "".

Mary Katherine Gallagher (Shannon) is an Irish-American Catholic school girl and social outcast in a Catholic high school. She wants to be a superstar, as she wants to get a kiss from Sky Corrigan (Ferrell). When Mary is sent to Special Education, she makes a new best friend, the tomboyish and equally socially-awkward Helen Lewengrub (Emmy Laybourne).

Mary sees her chance to become a superstar when her school promotes a talent show. She wants to try out, but Grandma Gallagher (Glynis Johns), did not want her to. Mary tries out anyway, and when she goes to sign up, a stereotypical cheerleader, Evian Carrie Graham (Elaine Hendrix), gets into a fight with her. The fight causes Evian and Sky to break up, and now Sky is a "single hunk of beefcake on the rebound". Mary is now determined to get in the talent show so Sky will notice her. When Grandma Gallagher finds out that her granddaughter got into the talent show, she finally tells the truth about how her parents died - they were stomped to death while performing in a Riverdance-like competition. That is why Grandma Gallagher was against her granddaughter performing.

However, Grandma Gallagher decides to help Mary do her act in the talent show, as long as she performs for herself. Mary and the other Special Education students spent days practicing. Mary wins the competition as well as Sky's heart. When she kisses Sky though, she discovers he is a horrible kisser and chooses to kiss her friend Slater (Harland Williams) instead.


Jessie Flower

Jessie Flower (aka Michaela Jill Murphy, born August 18, 1994 in Indiana) is an American voice actress. She is most well known as the voice of Toph in the Nickelodeon animated television series "". She also voiced the character Meng in the season one episode "" and Peggy in "Random! Cartoons" episode Tiffany. Jessie has been in several movies, including "Meet the Robinsons", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Finding Nemo", and "Brother Bear 2". She has also worked in anime, providing the English dub for Nasse in the Anime "Platinum End".


Daniel Hudson (baseball)

Daniel Claiborne Hudson (born March 9, 1987 in Lynchburg, Virginia) is an American baseball player. He currently plays as a pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Hudson formerly played for the Chicago White Sox from 2009-2010 and was traded to the Diamondbacks on July 30, 2010 along with minor league pitcher David Holmberg for Edwin Jackson.


Ethan Spaulding

Ethan Spaulding is a crew person on the animated television series "". He directed twelve episodes, and held various crew positions on several others.

Greg Baldwin

Greg Baldwin (born September 13, 1960 in Grants, New Mexico) is an American actor and voice actor. Raised in Spring, Texas, he currently lives in the San Fernando Valley with Melissa Baldwin twenty-five year old wife and their two children, Sydney and Cooper.

He has worked in the theatre extensively, appearing as (among others) Mushnik in "Little Shop Of Horrors", Dr. Zubritsky in Neil Simon's "Fools" and Count Otto Von Bruno in "Bullshot Crummond." He is also a voice actor, with some of his roles including Boris The Cosmonaut Monkey in "Brandy & Mr. Whiskers," Daddy Bailey in "Xiaolin Showdown" and Jack M. Crazyfish in "Spongebob SquarePants." His voice can also be heard in many video games, such as "", "F.E.A.R." and "Bioshock", among others. He was chosen to take over the roles of Iroh on "" and Aku of the final season of "Samurai Jack" after the death of the original voice actor, Mako. He also voices the ancient Jedi Master Tera Sinube on "".
Greg Baldwin attended the University of Houston.


Jeremy Zuckerman

Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician. He has studied at Berklee College of Music, Boston, and California Institute of the Arts. He is mostly known for composing the score of . He has also collaborated with David Lee Roth.


Cricket Leigh

Cricket Leigh is an American actress. Cricket was born in Michigan, raised in Chicago and graduated from New York University before moving to Los Angeles. She played all eight characters in, and wrote "Constantly Distracted" in 2005. She also played Alma on "Pop Tarts" in 1999. In 2002, Cricket Leigh voiced Tangier in "Red Faction 2". In 2003, she played Mala in "Terra". She played Bernice on "Boys & Girls Guide To Getting Down" in 2006. She began voicing Mai in "" in seasons 2 and 3. As of 2007, she provided the voice of Basil in Capcom's 3rd-person action game "".

Olivia Hack

Olivia Hack (born June 16, 1983) is an American voice actress and comedienne, best known for providing to be replacing the recently departed Devyn Puett (1992-1993 and 1995 cameo voice actress) for providing the voice of Rhonda Wellington Lloyd in Nickelodeon's "Hey Arnold!", and played Cindy Brady in the 1995-1996 theatrical "Brady Bunch" films. She has also done voices for "Fillmore!", "Bratz" as Cloe, "Family Guy", "" as Ty Lee, and "Open Season 2" as Charlene. She appeared in "Star Trek Generations", "Party of Five", and "Gilmore Girls". She was born in Beverly Hills, California.


Joaquim Dos Santos

Joaquim Dos Santos is an American television director of animated cartoons, best known for his directing work on "Justice League Unlimited".



DVD Talk

DVD Talk is a website for DVD enthusiasts founded in January 1999 by Geoffrey Kleinman when DVDs and DVD players were first beginning to hit the market.


36th Annie Awards

The 36th Annual Annie Awards, honoring the best in animation for 2008, were held on 30 January 2009 at Royce Hall in Los Angeles, California. Below is a list of announced nominees. "Kung Fu Panda" received the most awards with 11, winning nearly all of its nominations.


























Cliff Curtis

Clifford Vivian Devon "Cliff" Curtis (born 27 July 1968 in Rotorua, New Zealand) is a New Zealand actor. Curtis has been in many different movies as well as television shows. Curtis started acting musicals like "Fiddler on the Roof" and "Man of La Mancha". Curtis made his big screen debut in the Oscar-nominated film, "The Piano".

Curtis was born to an amateur dancer and is one of nine children. Curtis is married. He has two children.

Curtis has acted in many movies:
Curtis has also acted in television series:


BuddyTV

BuddyTV is an entertainment-based website based in Seattle, Washington. It creates content about television programs and sporting events. The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles, entertainment profiles, actor biographies and user forums.


Annecy International Animated Film Festival

The Annecy International Animation Film Festival (Festival International du Film d'Animation d'Annecy) was created in 1960. It takes place at the beginning of June in the town of Annecy, France. At first, it took place every two years. The festival became annual in 1998. It is one of the four international animated movie festivals sponsored by the "Association d'International du Film d'Animation" (or ASIFA, the International Animated Film Association)





Motion Picture Sound Editors

Founded in 1953, Motion Picture Sound Editors (M.P.S.E.) is an honorary society of motion picture sound editors. The society's goals are to educate others about and increase the recognition of the sound editors, show the artistic merit of the soundtracks, and improve the professional relationship of its members. The society is not to be confused with an industry union, such as the I.A.T.S.E The current president is Bobbi Banks.

The names of active members of the MPSE will generally appear in film credits with the post-nominal letters "MPSE".

The following are required for the membership application:



Started in 1953, the MPSE has annually presented awards to sound editors in the following categories:


The categories are further broken down based on specific genres and between Feature Film's and Television shows.

There are also "other" categories that include Sound Editing in Computer Entertainment, the Career Achievement Award, and the Inaugural Filmmaker's Award. The MPSE also sponsors the Verna Fields Award for Sound Editing in a Student Film and the Ethel Crutcher Scholarship.


Ampthill

Ampthill is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, between Bedford and Luton. About 6000 people live in the town. A regular market has taken place on Thursdays for more than 700 years.
The name 'Ampthill' comes from an Anglo-Saxon word, 'Aemethyll', which means either 'ant-heap' or 'ant infested hill'. In the Domesday Book, Ampthill is called 'Ammetelle', with the landholder in 1086 being Nigel de la Vast. 

In 1242, King Henry III gave Ampthill the right to hold a market on Thursdays. The Thursday markets are still held.

Henry VIII often visited Ampthill Castle. Katherine of Aragon lived at the castle from 1531 until she was divorced in 1533, when she was moved to Kimbolton. The castle was built in the 15th century by Sir John Cornwall, later Lord Fanhope. He used money he had made from ransoms after the Battle of Agincourt. The castle is now gone but there are some interesting parts of castle life still in existence. This includes ponds, such as West Minster Pond, made to hold and grow fish for food for the castle.

Houghton House was built in 1621 by Mary, Countess of Pembroke and brother of the poet Sir Philip Sidney. In 1675, the house gave John Bunyan the idea for the 'House Beautiful' in his book "The Pilgrim's Progress". Bunyan's book is based on his own journey between Bedford and Luton. The steep slope leading into Ampthill was the model for the 'Hill of Difficulty'. Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the roof was taken off in 1794.


List of Avatar: The Last Airbender characters

The list of characters:

Aang (Zach Tyler Eisen) is the 12-year-old protagonist of the series who had been frozen in ice with his flying bison, Appa, for 100 years. He was found by a young Waterbender named Katara who later becomes his love interest. He is the current incarnation of the Avatar, the master of 4 elements. Aang is a reluctant hero who tries to restore balance to the world.

Katara (Mae Whitman) is a 14-year-old Waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe. Katara and her brother, Sokka, discover and free Aang from a block of ice in which he had been frozen for 100 years. With her brother Sokka, she accompanies Aang on his quest to defeat the Fire Lord Ozai and, eventually, becomes his Waterbending teacher. Katara also becomes one of the only Waterbenders that have the ability to Bloodbend, which allows her to control any person by bending the water inside the blood; although she is reluctant to use the ability. In the original un-aired pilot episode, Katara's name was Kaya; this later is stated to be her mother's name.

Sokka (Jack DeSena) is a 15-year-old warrior of the Southern Water Tribe. With his sister, Katara, he accompanies Aang on his quest to defeat the Fire Lord. As both the joker and the idea man of the group, Sokka describes himself as "meat-loving" and "sarcastic". Unlike his companions, Sokka does not have any bending ability; however the series, though it often makes him the victim of comedy at his expense, frequently grants him opportunities to use his ingenuity and weapons, including his trusty boomerang and a sword he forged from a meteorite. From creator Michael Dante DiMartino it was revealed that Sokka also had some waterbending potential, but never realized it.

Toph (Jessie Flower) is a 12-year-old blind, yet tough Earthbender who's a member of the rich Bei Fong family. She first appears in the second season of the show. Not long after meeting Aang and his friends, Toph leaves her wealthy family and comfortable home to join Aang on his quest and a plan to teach him Earthbending. Though blind, Toph "sees" by feeling vibrations in the ground through her feet. She is the only Earthbender to learn to bend metal and is considered one of the most powerful Earthbenders.

Zuko (Dante Basco) is the 16-year-old exiled prince of the Fire Nation and original antagonist of the series. Due to events in Zuko's past, his father Fire Lord Ozai, deems him a complete failure, and Zuko feels he must capture the Avatar to regain his honor. Over time, Zuko struggles to deal with his anger, self-pity, and complex familial relationships. Over the course of the series he grows more sympathetic to the people his nation has terrorized. He takes on the identity of "the blue spirit" at the end of season one and beginning of season two. In season three, he defects from the Fire Nation and joins the Avatar and the team in order to teach Aang Firebending. At the end of the series, he is crowned ruler of the Fire Nation.

Azula (Grey DeLisle) is 17 and the manipulative princess of the Fire Nation. She is Zuko's younger sister and one of the major antagonists of the series. Azula is a Firebending prodigy and is one of the few living Firebenders capable of casting lightning. She uses fear to control her relatives or friends Mai and Ty Lee, reserving her family loyalty for her father alone.

Iroh (Mako in season one and two. Greg Baldwin in season three) is a retired Fire Nation general, known as the Dragon of the West, and Prince Zuko's uncle and mentor. Iroh was the original heir to the Fire Nation throne, though his brother usurped it after their father's death. On the surface, Iroh is a cheerful, kind, optimistic, eccentric, tea-loving old man, but he still remains a powerful warrior and is also a devoted surrogate parent to Zuko. Iroh is a Grand Master of the Order of the White Lotus, a secret society of men from all nations and helps retake Ba Sing Se during the series finale. Unlike most Firebenders, Iroh does not use anger as the source of his strength; instead he uses the original Firebending skills learned from the Dragons.

The characters of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" were designed by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, the co-creators of the series. The anime-styled character art based on Shinichiro Watanabe's "Cowboy Bebop", "Samurai Champloo", and "FLCL" ("Fooly Cooly") of Gainax. The original character conception was derived from a sketch by Bryan Konietzko that depicted a middle-aged balding man with an arrow on his head. Studios such as Studio 4°C, Production I.G, and Studio Ghibli, which produced anime-styled cartoons, were also sources of inspiration.

The greatest influences on the series were Asian art and history; the characters' various personalities and traits are based on philosophical teachings such as Taoism and Buddhism. In the show, some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy: Water, Earth, Fire and Air, although the Avatar has the ability to control all four. Each of these employ a different form of martial arts in their fighting choreography: Ba Gua for Airbending, Hung Gar for Earthbending, Northern Shaolin for Firebending, and Tai Chi for Waterbending.<ref name="avatar2/index.jhtml"></ref> These individual styles of martial arts also reflect on the personalities of the user and the nations as a whole. These starkly individual tendencies are explained in eighty-five distinct types of "Jings", or internal energy. For example, Ba Gua employs the "negative jing" to create erratic circular movements and capitalizes on centripetal force and defensive positions while Northern Shaolin follows the "positive jing" and emphasizes brute strength and aggression to generate power. The negative jing reflects Aang's bending styles and his tendency to be unpredictable and extremely carefree, as well as his pacifist and non-aggressive nature.

Many of the recurring characters of the series have received more depth in their personalities, which are usually based on their respective element. Aang, a pacifist monk, is also very carefree and childlike, which is commonly attributed to the "freedom" of the wind and the air. Toph, despite being blind, is extremely perceptive of the world around her due to her connection to the Earth. Unlike Aang, she is extremely brusque when criticizing others, which is attributed to Earth's tough and unbreakable nature.

The characters of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" received both praise and criticism from reviewers. Troy Island Mell, of IGN, felt that the story "would [not] be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters". In particular, Mell enjoyed the development of Katara and Zuko throughout the first season, but thought that Zuko's relationship with his uncle was not "very organic." Jamie S. Rich of DVD Talk generally agreed with Mell's assessment of the characters. Rich also praised the fact that, unlike many cartoon television series, "Avatar" introduces antagonists that have a deep backstory and "are [not] just evil for the sake of it".

Jeremy Mullin, another IGN reviewer, disagreed with Mell and Rich; he felt that the characters were not brilliantly done, though he noted that they introduced some drama and romantic tension usually not found on Nickelodeon, especially between Aang and Katara. Lair of the Green Knight and DVD Verdict also enjoyed the romantic tension, focusing mainly on the female cast: Katara, Toph, and Azula, as well as the two minor characters, Mai and Ty Lee. Fitz at Lair of the Green Knight lauded the decision to not stereotypically fashion the woman into the "usual weak female characters" but to instead give them "strong opinions and strength". IGN also compared character relationships, complimenting "Sokka and Princess Yue's forbidden love" while criticizing Iroh and Zuko's relationship as not being executed properly. DVDVerdict felt that some minor characters, especially Mai and Ty Lee, were "love em' or hate em'" characters. Gabriel Powers of DVDActive thought that while the characters fit into neat "archetypes", it was not a bad thing and fit well with the series.

In 2008, "Avatar" was awarded a Peabody for its "unusually complex characters". This makes the cartoon one of few animations to win the award and the only one to be cited for its character development.

Ozai

Ozai (also known as Fire Lord Ozai or the Phoenix King) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in Nickelodeon's animated series "". He is the father of Azula and Zuko, the younger brother of Iroh, grandson of Fire Lord Sozin, and the rival of the main protagonist of the series, Avatar Aang, who must stop Ozai to bring balance to the world. He is also member of the 5th Council. He is voiced by Mark Hamill and will be played by Daniel Dae Kim in the live-action remake.

Ozai first appears in the episode "Winter Solstice Part 2: Avatar Roku" in a vision where Avatar Roku explains to Aang that Ozai plans to use Sozin's Comet to increase his firebending ability. In the episode "The Storm" he is shown in a flashback of a story being told by Iroh explaining why Zuko is obsessed with capturing the Avatar. Zuko is challenged to a duel by Ozai and when Zuko refuses to fight, Ozai burns his son's face and banishes him. Zuko now tries to capture the Avatar to restore his honor and please his father. At the conclusion of the season 1 finale, "The Siege of the North, Part 2", Ozai sees Zuko as a failure and believes Iroh is now a traitor to the Fire Nation. Just before the episode ends, he is seen giving a task to Azula, though the details of this task are not revealed until season 2.

In the episode "Zuko Alone" his origin is shown in a flashback from back when his father Azulon was Fire Lord. After Iroh's son dies from the war in Ba Sing Se, Ozai claims that he should inherit the throne instead of his older brother, stating that because Iroh no longer has a son, the bloodline of Fire Lords would end with him. Azulon, infuriated at the request, orders Ozai to kill his own son, Zuko, to understand the pain that Iroh felt. Ozai's wife, Ursa, knowing that Ozai would do anything for the throne, offered Ozai a plan to spare Zuko's life and his place to the throne. This resulted the death of Fire Lord Azulon and the banishment of Ursa, though the latter is not revealed until season 3.

Ozai makes his first full appearance in the first episode of season 3, "The Awakening", after the Earth city of Ba Sing Se is conquered by Azula and the Fire Nation. Ozai now welcomes his son, Zuko, home after Azula states that he killed the Avatar. While in a war meeting, Zuko states that even though the Earth Kingdom is conquered that they would still not officially give up. Ozai concludes that the only way to defeat their resistance is to use the power of Sozin's Comet to increase the Fire Nation's power. When it becomes known that the resistance plans to invade the Fire Nation during the eclipse, Ozai evacuates the capital city and hides underground. There he comes face to face with his son, Zuko, who finally stands up to him saying he did not kill the Avatar and he's through trying to earn his love. Zuko states that what Ozai is doing is wrong, that the Fire Nation should live in peace and kindness with the other nations instead of spreading fear across the world. Ozai merely laughs at this. Zuko then admits he will free his Uncle Iroh and help the Avatar stop him. Ozai then provokes Zuko to kill him but Zuko refuses, saying it's the Avatar's destiny to stop him not his. When Zuko starts to walk away, Ozai distracts him by revealing what happened to his mother. When the eclipse ends, Ozai bends lightning straight at Zuko, but Zuko simply redirects it.

When Sozin's Comet arrives he dubs himself the Phoenix King and declares that he is the ruler of the world. He also appoints his daughter Azula to the rank of Fire Lord. While attacking the Earth Kingdom, he is confronted by Avatar Aang. Because of his enhanced power and Aang's refusal to kill Ozai, he originally has the advantage. He is eventually defeated when Aang enters the Avatar state and strips Ozai of his Firebending ability by Energybending. After the defeat Team Avatar taunts him and calls him names, stating that he's not so tough now without his power. He is then imprisoned in the Fire Nation prison where Zuko visits him, stating that maybe prison will set him up in the right path, then demands to know where his mother is.

Ozai is revealed to be a cruel leader. He is easily angered and merciless. His cruel personality could be due to his failure in his relationship with his father, Azulon, who always favored his older brother, Iroh, over him. Ozai would prove to be a heartless father to his own son, Zuko, believing him a failure and even burning his face and banishing him. He even banished his own wife, though admitted later that he felt banishment was too light a punishment. He has a lust for power, a quality shared by his daughter Azula. He favors his daughter over Zuko, seeing her as a firebending prodigy. The expectations Ozai had for Azula caused her to become stressed and paranoid, eventually leading to her mental breakdown at the end of the series.

Ozai is an extremely skilled and powerful firebender, able to hold his own at the height of his powers due to Sozin's Comet against Aang despite Aang's status as a full-fledged Avatar. He is one of the few who can generate lightning along with Azula and Iroh, though he is shown to be the only one to shoot lightning out of both hands. With his firebending ability he is able to propel himself in the air similar to a jet. When Sozin's Comet arrives his firebending ability increases even more. After confronting the Avatar, Ozai's powers are taken away by Aang's Energybending.

He appears as an antagonist in the video game "".

Fire Lord Ozai appears in the live action feature film in "The Last Airbender" played by Cliff Curtis. Unlike the series, Ozai is a regular character in the film.

Daniel Dae Kim will play Ozai in the Netflix of the series.


Mai

Mai may refer to:


Appa

Appa is a fictional flying bison in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Appa is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.


Momo (Avatar: The Last Airbender)

Momo is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Momo is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.


Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit

The Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit is a street circuit around Albert Park Lake, only a couple of kilometres south of central Melbourne. It is used once a year as a racetrack for the Australian Grand Prix and associated support races.

The circuit uses everyday sections of road that circle Albert Park Lake, a small man-made lake just south of the Central Business District of Melbourne. The roads that are used were rebuilt prior to the first race in 1996 to ensure consistency and smoothness. As a result, the Albert Park track has quite a smooth surface. 

The course is considered to be quite fast and relatively easy to drive. Drivers have commented that the consistent placement of corners allows them to easily learn the circuit and achieve competitive times. The flat terrain around the lake, coupled with a track design that features few true straights, means that it is not easy to pass another car on the track. Watching the entire race track can only be done from a grandstand seat.

Each year, most of the trackside fencing, pedestrian overpasses, grandstands and other motorsport infrastructure must be erected for the race. This is done about one month before the Grand Prix weekend. They are all removed by six weeks after the event. Land around the circuit has restricted access during the grand prix weekend. This includes an aquatic centre, a golf course, a football stadium, some restaurants and rowing boathouses. Many nearby local residents are unhappy with the loss of park access. Some maintain a silent protest against the event. The event is popular with most people in Melbourne and Australia. They have a large European population and a general interest in motorsport. Middle Park (stadium), the home of South Melbourne FC was demolished in 1994 due to expansion at Albert Park.

Albert Park has the distinction of being the only venue to hold the Australian Grand Prix in both World Championship and non-World Championship formats. Prior to the Grand Prix, a modified version of the current circuit was used for both the 1953 and 1956 Grands Prix. During this time Albert Park ran anti-clockwise as opposed to the current GP circuit standard clockwise.



Semiramide

Semiramide is an Italian opera written by Gioachino Rossini. It has two acts. It was first performed at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice, on February 3, 1823, libretto by Gaetano Rossi. This was after Voltaire's "Semiramis". This opera was successful from the start and is still performed today.



Clancy Brown

Clarence John "Clancy" Brown III (born January 5, 1959) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Byron Hadley in "The Shawshank Redemption" and Career Sergeant Zim in "Starship Troopers". He is perhaps best known for his role as the Kurgan in the cult classic "Highlander". Brown also works extensively as a voice actor in animated TV series. He was the voice of Lex Luthor on "" and "Justice League"/"Justice League Unlimited". He also voices Mr. Krabs on "SpongeBob SquarePants".


TV Guide (magazine)

TV Guide is an American weekly magazine about television programming.

In addition to TV listings, the publication features television-related news, celebrity interviews, gossip and film reviews and crossword puzzles. Some issues also have horoscope listings.


Annie Awards

The Annie Awards are given to recognize good work in animation. They have been presented by the Los Angeles, California branch of the International Animated Film Association, ASIFA-Hollywood since 1972.







34th Annie Awards

The ceremony for the 34th Annual Annie Awards, honoring the best in animation in 2006, was held on February 11, 2007 at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, California.

The nominations were announced on December 4, 2006.

Winners are marked in bold text.
























Significant and benevolent or charitable impact on the art and industry of animation.

Recognition of lifetime or career contributions to the art of animation.





59th Primetime Emmy Awards

The 59th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on September 16, 2007 and were live on television on Fox at 8:00 p.m. EDT (00:00 UTC) for the first time in high definition (on tape delay three hours later on the West Coast of the United States at 8:00 p.m. PDT/3:00 UTC). The ceremonies were hosted by Ryan Seacrest. 

Creative Arts Awards winners who were recognized at the Primetime telecast.



The Cheeky Girls

The Cheeky Girls are a female bubblegum pop/bubblegum dance and europop duo based in Great Britain. They are identical twins from Transylvania, Romania. They have been active since 2002 when they auditioned in "". Their songs include "The Cheeky Song (Touch My Bum)", "Take Your Shoes Off", "(Hooray, Hooray!) It's a Cheeky Holiday!", "Have a Cheeky Christmas", "Cheeky Flamenco" and "Boys and Girls (Xmas Time Love)". They released another single named "The Farmyard Hokey", but it did not chart. They also have one album, "Party Time as In My Mind (Is A Different World - A Cheeky One)". This album did not chart in the official albums chart. They are part of Multiply record label. Their real names are Gabriela and Monica Irimia.

Junior Seau

Tiaina Baul "Junior" Seau, Jr. (January 19, 1969 – May 2, 2012) was an NFL football player. His jersey number was #55 and he was a linebacker. He was 43 years old. He was 6'3" in height and weighed 250 lb (pounds). He attended the University of Southern California. He played for the New England Patriots, Miami Dolphins and the San Diego Chargers. He had a foundation called the Junior Seau Foundation. He owned his own restaurant in San Diego. He played in the Pro Bowl 12 times. He was of Samoan origin. He received the nickname "Tazmanian Devil" from his teammates. He also has a dance called the "Lightning Bolt Dance" from his days with the Chargers. On May 2, 2012, Seau was found dead in his home by his girlfriend from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest.


Momo

Momo could mean:

Autódromo José Carlos Pace

Autódromo José Carlos Pace, also known by its former name Interlagos, is a motor racing circuit. It is in the city of São Paulo. It is named after Carlos Pace. Pace was a Brazilian Formula One driver, who died in 1977. The track was renamed in his honor. It is well known for being the venue of the Formula One Brazilian Grand Prix.

The land on which the circuit is built was originally bought in 1926 by property developers. They wanted to build a large suburban development.
Following financial difficulties, partly due to the 1929 stock market crash, it was decided to built a racing circuit instead. Construction started in 1938 and the track was opened in May 1940.

The traditional name of the circuit, Interlagos, literally means "between lakes". It comes from the fact that it was built between two large artificial lakes, Guarapiranga and Billings. They were built in the early 20th century to supply the city with water and electric power. It was renamed in 1985 to its current name to honor the Brazilian Formula One driver José Carlos Pace, who died in a plane crash in 1977.

The facilities include a kart circuit named after Ayrton Senna.
The circuit is one of the few non-oval racing circuits to go in an anti-clockwise (counter-clockwise) direction. The present design of the track dates back to 1990. The FIA had placed new restrictions on track length. The original circuit was shortened from 7.829 km to only 4.397 km. The track lost three long straight sections and three fast curves. The direction on another curve was reversed and a new curve created. The original track had many fast corners that allowed cars to keep maximum speed for up to twenty seconds. This was considered very dangerous. The new track still has a very long high-speed section. That section contains bumps, high-speed turns and little run-off area, but the track is very wide at this point.

Another feature that makes Interlagos interesting is that it follows the ups and downs of hilly ground. This makes the circuit harder to drive and more demanding on the car's engine. The hilly course is also a good feature for cycling races held in the circuit.

The circuit is known for its bumpy surface. This can cause damage on an F1 car, which has a very low ride height. The races are also physically tough on the drivers. With more right turns, the drivers' necks are forced to move to the left. Since drivers turn left more often, the other side of their neck is usually stronger.

For the Brazilian Grand Prix, major repairs were made to the circuit. They were the largest set of repairs made in the last 35 years. The repairs were to fix the problems with the track surface. The existing asphalt surface was entirely replaced, resulting in a much smoother track surface. At the same time, the pit lane entrance was improve for safety. A new grandstand was built. For the work to be done, the circuit was closed. No events were held in the five months immediately preceding the race.

On 17 October 2007, Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos (CPTM) opened a new station of the Line C, "Autódromo", near the racing circuit. The Line C had been extended to improve the access between the center of São Paulo and southern area of the Greater São Paulo including the circuit. This improved access to the circuit.

The race start is in front of the "Tribunas" section and features a long straight section. Next comes "S do Senna" (Senna's S), a series of left, right, and left turns.

"S do Senna" connects with "Curva do Sol" (Sun Turn), a large-radius left-turn that leads to "Reta Oposta" (Opposite Straight). This refers to the unused back straight of the pre-1990 circuit. Next are two left hand, downhill turns that are called "Descida do Lago" (Lake Descent) and "Mergulho" (Dive). Then there is a short straight section that goes downhill.

After "Mergulho" comes a slow and difficult section, with tight turns and elevation changes. These turns are "Ferradura" (Horseshoe), "Laranjinha" (Orange Turn), "Pinheirinho" (Small Pine Tree), "Bico de Pato" (Duck Bill), and then two left hand turns called "Junção" (Junction).

After "Junção" there is a long, high-speed section. The is "Subida dos Boxes" (Up to the Pits), a long, left-hand uphill turn. At the end there are turns 14 and 15 that form what was once called "Cotovelo" (Elbow).

Interlagos has one of the longest pit-lanes ever used in Formula One. It starts just before the start-finish straight and rejoining the main course after Curva do Sol. Before 2007, the pits entrance was a difficult high-speed left turn. The pit lane entrance was changed to become safer for the 2007 Brazilian Grand Prix.

The fastest laps at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace.


Pewter

Pewter is an alloy made of tin mixed with antimony and copper. It is soft and flexible and it can be melted easily. It dissolves in hydrochloric acid to produce tin(II) chloride, leaving the antimony and copper behind in the hydrochloric acid. In the past, it was used to make knives, forks, spoons and other pieces of cutlery because it was easy to melt down many times. It used to contain poisonous lead, but it does not contain lead anymore as the lead would make people ill when making things with pewter.


Tin(II) chloride

Tin(II) chloride, also known as stannous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnCl. It has tin and chloride ions in it. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is a reducing agent. It is poisonous to mollusks like clams and oysters. It reacts with water to make tin(II) oxide hydrate, which is white, and hydrochloric acid. That is why tin(II) chloride is normally dissolved in hydrochloric acid. It reacts with oxygen in the air to make tin(IV) chloride and tin(IV) oxide. It reacts with silver and gold compounds to make silver and gold metal. It also reacts with ferric compounds to make ferrous compounds.

It reacts with bases to make tin(II) oxide hydrate, which is white; if more base is added, the tin(II) oxide hydrate dissolves to make a clear solution again. 

It is made when tin reacts with hydrochloric acid.

It is used to electroplate tin on steel. It is used in the coloring of textiles. It is used to make silvered mirrors. A certain plastic uses it as a catalyst. It was used as a test for mercury(II) ions. If it is added to a colorless solution of mercury(II), a white solid of mercury(I) would form. If more is added, a black solid of mercury metal would be made. It turns bright purple in a solution that has gold ions in it. It is used in organic chemistry as a reducing agent.


Tin(II) sulfate

Tin(II) sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnSO. It contains tin and sulfate ions. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is a white crystalline solid. It is not a reducing agent like other compounds containing tin(II), like tin(II) chloride. It absorbs water from the atmosphere and dissolves in the water it absorbed.

It is made by dissolving tin in sulfuric acid. It is also made by reacting tin with copper(II) sulfate.

It is used as a source of tin(II) ions without any tin(IV) ions contaminating them.


Tin(IV) chloride

Tin(IV) chloride, also known as stannic chloride or tin tetrachloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnCl. It contains tin and chloride ions. The tin is in its +4 oxidation state.

It is a corrosive liquid (anhydrous) or solid (hydrated). It makes hydrochloric acid fumes which irritate the nose. It reacts with strong bases to make tin(IV) oxide hydrate. It also reacts with hydrochloric acid to make the SnCl ion.

It is made by reacting tin with chlorine. 

Sn + 2 Cl → SnCl

It was used in World War I to create irritating clouds of smoke. It is also used to make tin(IV) fluoride. It is also used to make organic compounds that have tin in them.


Tin chloride

Tin chloride may refer to either of these compounds:


Caesium-137

Caesium 137 is an isotope of caesium. It is radioactive. It is often a by-product of nuclear fission. It has a half life of about 30 years. Many areas where nuclear accidents have occurred, such as Chernobyl and Fukushima, are contaminated with caesium-137.

Tin(IV) oxide

Tin(IV) oxide, also known as tin dioxide or stannic oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnO. It has tin and oxide ions in it. It has tin in its +4 oxidation state. 

It is a white powdery solid. It reacts with acids to produce stannic salts, such as tin(IV) chloride with hydrochloric acid. It reacts with strong bases to make stannites. It reacts with carbon at a high temperature to make tin metal.

It is found as cassiterite in the mineral form. Cassiterite is an ore of tin. 

It can be made in pure form by burning powdered tin in air.

It is used to detect carbon monoxide. It is also used as a catalyst for certain reactions. It is also used to make ceramics opaque (not clear). It is used in sensors of gases that can burn. A tin(IV) oxide wire is heated. When a flammable gas flows over it, it can conduct a little electricity. The sensor measures the electricity.


Strontium-90

Strontium-90 is a radioactive isotope of strontium. It has a half life of roughly 29 years. Strontium-90 and strontium-89 have medical applications. They are used for radiation therapy, in the treatment of certain bone cancers. Because its application generates a lot of heat it is sometimes used instead of Plutonium in nuclear power plants.

Tin(II) oxide

Tin(II) oxide, also known as stannous oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnO. It has tin in an oxidation state of +2. It also has oxide ions in it.

It is normally a blue-black solid. It can be red but the red form is more unstable. It burns in air with a green flame to make tin(IV) oxide. It is a reducing agent. It is rarer than tin(IV) oxide. It dissolves in acids to make a colorless solution.

It can be made by reacting sulfuric acid with tin and reacting the tin(II) sulfate made with sodium hydroxide to make the tin(II) oxide hydrate. This is heated to get the tin(II) oxide.

It is used in touchscreens. It is used to make a glass with gold in it called ruby glass.


Tin oxide

Tin oxide may refer to either of the following compounds:


Chemical stability

Chemical stability refers to the resistance of a chemical to change in a chemical reaction. Some chemicals, like gold, are very stable and resistant to change; but sodium is unstable and corrodes rapidly in the presence of air. When an atom has an extra electron or a missing electron, it is unstable. When that atom loses or gains the electron, it becomes stable. Stable atoms have lower energy than unstable ones.


Pisces (astrology)

The symbol represents fish, swimming in different directions. The two shapes are also crescents, facing outward, which represents the idea that Pisceans are open to new things and to change.

Pisces has been traditionally ruled by the planet Jupiter, but since its discovery, Neptune has been considered a modern ruler of this sign. Being the twelfth sign, Pisces is associated with the astrological twelfth house.

Individuals born when the Sun was in this sign are considered ""Pisceans"". The Sun can be seen 1n Pisces from about February 19 to March 20, ending at the moment of vernal equinox by definition under the tropical zodiac.

Under the "sidereal zodiac", it is generally there from about March 15 to April 13.

James Wilson

James Wilson (September 14, 1742 – August 21, 1798) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence. Wilson was elected two times to the Continental Congress, and was a major force in drafting the United States Constitution. He was a leading legal thinker, and he was one of the first six justices appointed by George Washington to the Supreme Court of the United States. Wilson was born in Scotland, but lived most of his life in Pennsylvania.

James Wilson was born in Carskerdo, near St. Andrews, Scotland. His parents were William Wilson and Alison Landall. Wilson attended a number of universities in Scotland without attaining a degree. Imbued with the ideas of the Scottish Enlightenment, he moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in British America in 1766, carrying valuable letters of introduction. These helped Wilson to begin tutoring and then teaching at The Academy and College of Philadelphia (now the University of Pennsylvania). He petitioned there for a degree and was awarded an honorary Master of Arts several months later.

Wilson started reading the law at the office of John Dickinson a short time later. After two years of studying, he got the bar in Philadelphia, and, in the following year (1767), set up his own practice in Reading, Pennsylvania. His office was very successful and he earned a small fortune in a few years. By then he had a small farm near Carlisle, Pennsylvania, was handling cases in eight local counties, and was lecturing at The Academy and College of Philadelphia.

On 5 November 1771, he married Rachel Bird, daughter of William Bird and Bridgette Hulings, they had six children together.

In 1774, Wilson wrote a pamphlet saying that the British Parliament had no power in America. He was for the Declaration of Independence when he was in the Continental Congress. During the American Revolution, he served in the Pennsylvania State Militia. He was also attacked at his house by a mob. This was called the Fort Wilson riot. Wilson also continued to practice law, and was France's lawyer in the U.S.

Wilson was one of the main political economists at the Constitutional Convention. He gave more speeches than anyone but Gouverneur Morris. He also proposed the three-fifths compromise, and sat on the Committee of Detail.

Wilson served on the United States Supreme Court from 1789 to 1798. He was the first associate justice nominated by George Washington.

Ultratop 40 Singles

Ultratop 40 Singles, often called Ultratop 40, is the weekly chart of best-selling singles in Wallonia, Belgium. Its equivalent covering the Flanders region is Ultratop 50. Both charts are made and published by the Ultratop organization. Like the UK Singles Chart, Ultratop creates charts based on retail record sales of around 500 retail outlets and legal digital downloads. Currently GfK is the market observer of the charts. The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00. The combined number of Ultratop chart listeners on radio or TV stations exceeds two million each week. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the charts in 2005 a jubilee book was published. It covered all the 15,282 singles from 5,882 artists thus far.


Ultratop 50 Singles

Ultratop 50 Singles, often called Ultratop 50, is the weekly chart of fifty best-selling singles in Flanders, Belgium. Ultratop 50 and is produced and published by the Ultratop organization. The chart has existed since March 31, 1995. It is published in Dutch, French, and English, and is presented on several Belgian radio stations as well as on TMF Flanders television.

Its equivalent in the Wallonia region of Belgium is known as the "Ultratop 40 Singles" chart.

Three other charts from the Ultratop organization bear similar names: two separate and usually different charts named "Ultratop 50 Albums" tracking weekly album performance in the Dutch-speaking Flanders and French-speaking Wallonia regions, respectively; and one chart named "Ultratop 50 Alternative Albums". All of these charts, too, are published in three languages.


Valencia Street Circuit

The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia Spain. The circuit will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years starting in The first Formula One race on the circuit was held on 24 August 2008, with Felipe Massa winning the event, the European Grand Prix. The circuit uses the roads around the city's harbour and America's Cup port area. One section of the circuit uses a 140 metre long swing bridge. 
It also includes some roads designed to be used only for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke. Tilke also designed the buildings used for the circuit.

The deal to host the Valencia race was signed on 1 June 2007. It will last for seven years. The deal was made with the Valmor Sport group. The official track layout was unveiled by Valencia councillor and transport minister, Mario Flores, on 19 July 2007. The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008. The circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open. It was first used for the European Grand Prix on 24 August 2008.

The track is long and incorporates a total of 25 turns. There are 11 right-hand turns and 14 left-hand turns. It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around . Valencia is not as tight as Circuit de Monaco. There are not very many places to pass. The straights not not very straight the track gets very dusty off line.

The circuit has been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites. There have only been 4 recorded passes in the first race held in 2008, and no passes in 2009. There is little space in the circuit to make changes to improve passing.


Circuit Ricardo Tormo

Circuit Ricardo Tormo (also known as Circuit de Valencia and officially named "Circuit de la Comunitat Valenciana Ricardo Tormo") is a motorsport race track located in Cheste (Valencia, Spain) and built in 1999. It has a capacity of 120,000 spectators and seating for 60,000. It is often used as a test track by the Formula One teams, because of the mild temperatures in winter. Anthony Davidson holds the unofficial lap record, set in 2006 while testing a Honda, with a time of 1 m 08.540sec. The track hosts the MotoGP Valencian Community Grand Prix.

The track is named after Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer Ricardo Tormo (September 7, 1952 – December 27, 1998). Circuit Ricardo Tormo has been featured in a number of video games and simulations.


Velvet Sky

Jamie Szantyr (born June 2, 1981 in New Britain, Connecticut) is an American female professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. Velvet Sky is a former TNA Knockout Tag Team Champion. Sky also appeared in the WWE from 2005-06. Sky formerly dated Former WWE wrestler Gregory Helms but they broke up.


Sydney funnel-web spider

A Sydney funnel-web spider or Atrax robustus is a funnel-web spiders. Their bite is very serious and venomous and has killed 13 people since 1927. It is found in Sydney, Australia.


Circuit Gilles Villeneuve

The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve is a motor racing circuit. It is the location the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix, NASCAR Canadian Tire Series, NASCAR Nationwide Series and Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series.

The Canadian Grand Prix was held at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve for 30 years. In , the race was dropped from the Formula One calendar and replaced with the new Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. On 27 November 2009, Quebec's officials and Canadian Grand Prix organisers announced an agreement with Formula One and signed a new five-year contract. Circuit Gilles Villeneuve will host the Canadian Grand Prix from through the seasons. 

The circuit is located on Île Notre-Dame, a man-made island in the St. Lawrence River. It is part of the city of Montreal, was originally named the Île Notre-Dame Circuit. It was renamed in honour of Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve, following his death in 1982. Gilles is the father of Jacques Villeneuve. The venue hosted the Champ Car World Series Grand Prix of Montreal from 2002 to 2006.

Barriers run close to the circuit and many experienced drivers have been caught out by them. A famous part of the circuit is the wall on the outside of the exit of the final chicane. The wall has the slogan "Bienvenue au Québec" ("Welcome to Quebec") painted on it. It has been giving the nickname "Mur du Québec" ("Quebec Wall"). In the wall ended the race of three Formula One World Champions, Damon Hill, Michael Schumacher, and Jacques Villeneuve. FIA GT champion Ricardo Zonta also crashed into the wall. Since then the wall has been nicknamed "The Wall Of Champions". Other drivers who have crashed into the wall include Jenson Button, Fernando Alonso, and Juan Pablo Montoya.

The curbs leading to the final chicane were made higher in . The new curbs were more difficult for the drivers to see, making the chicane even more challenging.

On 23 June 2006, Canadian Press reported that the city of Montreal had awarded Normand Legault the right to stage the race weekends on the track. Legault is the promoter of the Formula One race. The deal run until 2011, with an option to go to 2016. Legault decided to replace the Champ Car race with races from the Grand American Road Racing Association's Rolex Series and NASCAR's Nationwide Series. This would be NASCAR's first race in Canada. On 4 August 2007, Kevin Harvick made history by winning the first Nationwide Series (then Busch Series) race at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.

The NASCAR races have changed the circuit layout. The pit lanes were expanded. NASCAR pit lane must handle at least 43 cars.

As part of Parc Jean-Drapeau, the Circuit is open to visitors, between races, for walking, running, biking, in-line skating, etc. During the few days of the Grand Prix, Île Notre-Dame is one of the noisiest places in Montreal. At just about any other time of the year, it is one of the quietest, being located in the middle of a river, on an island filled with greenery and animals, joggers and cyclists. 

As the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve serves as host to different racing series, it is possible to directly compare different race series' lap times.

In 2002, former Champ Car Champion Juan Pablo Montoya set pole position for the Canadian Grand Prix with a lap time of 1:12.836. Several weeks later, during the inaugural Champ Car Grand Prix of Montreal, Cristiano Da Matta set pole position with a lap time of 1:18.959.

2006 was the last year Champ Car and F1 ran on the same track. The pole position in Formula One was set by Fernando Alonso in a time of 1:14.942. Sébastien Bourdais set pole in 1:20.005 in Champ Car. 

In 2007 NASCAR Nationwide Series (then Busch Series) driver Patrick Carpentier set a pole time of 1:42.086. The track record for the Rolex Sports Car Series is 1:33.199 set by Scott Pruett in 2008.



A1

A1, A-1 or A.1. may refer to:












The Last Airbender

The Last Airbender is a 2010 American adventure fantasy movie released on 2 July 2010. It is a live-action movie adaptation based on of the "". The movie stars Noah Ringer as Aang, the main hero of the story. Aang and his friends, Katara and Sokka, journey to the North Pole to find a Waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how control the water. At the same time, Fire Lord Ozai, the current Fire Lord of the Fire Nation, is waging a seemingly endless war against the Earth Kingdom, the Water Tribes, and the already vanquished Air Nomads. The movie also stars Nicola Peltz, Jackson Rathbone, and Dev Patel.

The first of a planned trilogy, "The Last Airbender" was created by Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies. Development for a movie began in 2007; it was adapted into a movie by M. Night Shyamalan, who also directed and produced. Other producers include Frank Marshall, Kathleen Kennedy, Sam Mercer and Scott Aversano. The series from which it was adapted () was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Filming began in mid-March 2009; the movie was released in both traditional two-dimensional projectors, as well as in 3D (using the RealD 3D format).<ref name="/FILM"></ref>

"The Last Airbender" was made for $150 million and marketed with a budget of $130 million, making total costs at least $280 million. Other estimates put the cost between $100 million and $110 million, while various news sources reported the whole "Last Airbender" trilogy would be made for around $250 million. Premiering in New York City on 30 June, 2010, it opened in the USA the following day, grossing an estimated $16 million. The movie had extremely negative reviews and is widely considered to be one of the worst movies of all time. It won 5 razzies in 2011, including Worst Picture and Worst Eye-Gouging Mis-Use of 3D.

The movie begins with Katara and Sokka finding an iceberg and freeing Aang, the last airbender, and his flying bison, Appa. This attracts the attention of Zuko. Arriving to the Southern Water Tribe, Zuko demands the elderly under the impression that Avatar is an old person until Aang is found. Aang surrenders himself to Zuko as long as he agrees to leave the village alone. Eventually he manages to get away from the guards before Katara and Sokka arrive on Appa, making their escape. Aang and friends visit the Southern Air Temple where the Avatar learns that he was in the ice for 100 years and the Fire Nation killed all the airbenders. It was there Aang meets up with the only known remaining "flying lemur", naming it "" as it joins Aang's group.

Arriving in a small town of Earth Kingdom that is controlled by the Fire Nation, Aang's group are arrested while helping a boy named Haru. They then incite a revolution reminding the disgruntled Earthbenders that earth was given to them through the air ducts. After, Katara finds a Waterbending scroll that she and Aang used to teach waterbending. During a side track to the Northern Air Temple on his own, Aang is betrayed by a peasant and captured by a group of Fire Nation Yuu Yan archers, commanded by Zhao. However, a masked marauder, the "Blue Spirit" (Zuko), frees Aang. Aware that Zuko is the "Blue Spirit," Zhao arranges the prince's death. But Zuko survives the attempt on his life and, with Iroh's help, sneaks aboard Zhao's lead ship as his fleet departs for the Northern Water Tribe to execute the plan he and Ozai set up with the scrolls from the Library detailing the spirits there.

Upon arriving, Aang's group is welcomed warmly by the citizens of the Northern Water Tribe. Sokka falls in love with Princess Yue, while Aang and Katara master their waterbending skills under master Pakku. Once the Fire Nation armada arrives, Zhao begins his attack while Zuko infiltrates the tribe on his own, capturing Aang while he entered the spirit world to find the dragon spirit to give him the wisdom to defeat the Fire Nation. Coming to his senses, Aang battles Zuko before Katara freezes him. As the battles escalates, Iroh watches Zhao slay the moon spirit Tui, causing the Waterbenders to lose all of their powers and abilities to Waterbend. However, Yue, who was imbued with some of the energy of the Moon Spirit when she was a newborn, sacrifices her life to revive the Moon Spirit. As Zhao is drowned by Northern Waterbenders after Zuko and Iroh leave him to his fate, Aang uses the ocean to drive the armada back. Aang now fully embraces his destiny as the Avatar and prepares to continue their struggle against Ozai. When news of Zhao's death and Iroh's betrayal reaches him, Ozai appoints his daughter Azula to capture both her uncle and older brother while hindering the Avatar in any way before Sozin's Comet makes its return within three years time.



Season finale

A season finale (British English: last in the series; Australian English: season final) is the final episode of a season of a television program. This is often the final episode to be produced for a few months or longer, and, as such, will try to attract viewers to continue watching when the series begins again.

A season finale may contain a cliffhanger ending to be resolved in the next season. Alternatively, a season finale could bring open-ended storylines to a close, "going out on a high" and similarly maintaining interest in the series' eventual return.


The final episode of a television series often concludes the entire premise of the show.

There are examples of episodes, ostensibly having been the "season finale", unexpectedly becoming the "de facto" series finale due to the cancellation of the series. Recent examples of this include "John Doe", "Invasion", "Two Guys and a Girl", "Instant Star", "Las Vegas" and "Everybody Hates Chris".

In American English, the term has developed to describe the final event of a sporting season, e.g. in soccer or Motocross, perhaps partly because of the popularity of these with television viewers.

Season premiere

In television, a season premiere refers to the first episode of a new television season for a series that has been renewed.

In North America, a given show's season premiere often airs in September or October, after several months of reruns.

A season premiere usually has one or more of the following characteristics:


Madison Rayne

Ashley Nichole Simmons (born February 5, 1986 in West Lafayette, Ohio) is an American female professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. Madison Rayne is a former TNA Knockout Tag Team Champion with Lacey Von Erich and Velvet Sky and is a former two-time TNA Women's Knockout Champion. Rayne is currently part of the stable, The Beautiful People.


Tony Orlando

Michael Anthony Orlando Cassavitis (born April 3, 1944), known professionally as Tony Orlando, is an American singer. He is best known for being in the singing group, Tony Orlando and Dawn, also the name of a television show that was popular for variety entertainment. They were known for singing the songs, "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree", "Knock Three Times", and "He Don't Love You (Like I Love You)".

Orlando is from Greek, Latino, and Puerto Rican descent.


Rocky Mountain Douglas-fir

Rocky Mountain Douglas-fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii" var. glauca) is a large evergreen tree in the genus "Pseudotsuga" in the plant family Pinaceae. The tree is native to British Columbia, Idaho and Colorado.

A1 road (Great Britain)

A1 is the official title of the Great Northern Road in England. It runs up the eastern side of England from London to Edinburgh in Scotland. It is six hundred and sixty kilometres long, making it the longest numbered road in the U.K.. The A1 has six major junctions with motorways, and over twenty major junctions with other A roads.

The A1 follows, for much of the way, the course of a Roman road, Ermine Street, and the old coach route to Edinburgh. It is not a motorway, but a lot of it is now built to motorway standards. It is one of two main roads going from London to Northern England, the other being the M1 motorway.

Passing through Nottinghamshire, the road skirts the remains of Sherwood Forest. Scotch Corner, in North Yorkshire, marks the point where the traffic for Glasgow and the west of Scotland divides from that for Edinburgh, as it has for hundreds of years before car traffic. From North Yorkshire to Durham the road follows, for part of the way, another Roman road called Dere Street. This road ran from Eboracum (York) to the Antonine Wall in the lowlands of present-day Scotland.

Some parts of the A1 are motorways, and these parts are numbered A1(M).

Roman roads in Britain

The Roman roads in Britain were, with Roman aqueducts, and the Roman army, one of the most impressive features of the Roman Empire in Britain.

In Britannia, as in other provinces, the Romans constructed a network of paved trunk roads to (surfaced highways). In their nearly four centuries of occupation (43 – 410 AD) they built about 2,000 miles of Roman roads in Britain. They are shown on the Ordnance Survey's "Map of Roman Britain". This is the most accurate and up-to-date layout of certain and probable routes that is available to the general public.

The pre-Roman Britons used unpaved trackways, including ancient ones running along the ridges of hills, such as the South Downs Way, now a public long-distance footpath. In contrast, most of the Roman network was surveyed and built from scratch, with the aim of connecting key points by the most direct possible route. The roads were all paved, to permit heavy freight-wagons to be used in all seasons and weather.
Most of the known network was complete by 180 AD. Its main purpose was to allow the rapid movement of troops and military supplies. It was also vital for trade and the transport of goods.

Roman roads remained in use as trunk roads for centuries after the Romans withdrew from Britain in 410 AD. Systematic construction of paved highways did not resume in England until the 18th century.

The Romans became expert at constructing roads, which they called "viae". It was permitted to walk or drive cattle, vehicles, or traffic of any description along the road. The "viae" differed from the many other smaller or rougher roads, bridle-paths, drifts, and tracks. By law, the minimum width of a "via" was fixed at 2.4 m where it was straight, and 4.9 m where it turned.
The best sources of information as regards the construction of a regulation "via munita" are:

After the civil engineer looked over the site of the proposed road and determined roughly where it should go, the "agrimensores" went to work surveying the road bed. They used two main devices, the rod and a device called a "groma", which helped them obtain right angles. The rod men put down a line of rods called the "rigor". A surveyor looked along the rods and told the "gromatici" to move them as required. Using the "gromae" they then laid out a grid on the plan of the road.

The "libratores" then began their work using ploughs and, sometimes with the help of legionaries, with spades dug down to bed rock or at least to the firmest ground they could find. The excavation was called the "fossa", "ditch". The depth varied according to terrain.

In top-quality roads, there were five layers, plus footpaths and kerbstones:

The method varied according to place, materials available and terrain, but the plan was always the same. The roadbed was layered. The road was constructed by filling the ditch. This was done by layering rock over other stones.

Into the "fossa" was dumped large amounts of rubble, gravel and stone, whatever fill was available. Sometimes a layer of sand was put down, if it could be found. When it came to within 1 yd (1 m) or so of the surface it was covered with gravel and tamped down, a process called "pavire", or "pavimentare". The flat surface was then the "pavimentum". It could be used as the road, or additional layers could be constructed. A "statumen" or "foundation" of flat stones set in cement might support the additional layers.

The final steps used concrete, which the Romans had rediscovered (it had been used in Ancient Egypt). They seem to have mixed the mortar and the stones in the fossa. First a small layer of coarse concrete, the "rudus", then a little layer of fine concrete, the nucleus, went onto the pavement or "statumen". Into or onto the nucleus went a course of polygonal or square paving stones, called the "summa crusta". The "crusta" was crowned for drainage.

An example is found in an early basalt road by the Temple of Saturn on the Clivus Capitolinus. It had travertine paving, polygonal basalt blocks, concrete bedding (substituted for the gravel), and a rain-water gutter.


Cam'ron

Cameron Giles (born February 4, 1976 in Harlem, New York) is an American rapper better known by his stage names Cam'ron or Killa Cam. 

Cam'ron was known for popularising the color pink. He demonstrated in his music video for "Killa Cam", where he was wearing all pink clothing and drove a pink Range Rover.

Cam'ron started the "Stop Snitchin'" campaign after he was shot outside a nightclub in his Lamborghini. The gunman was trying to carjack him. Cam'ron said in a "60 Minutes" interview that he did not know the gunman. He did not want to help the police because he did not want to be a snitch and it would hurt his record sales. He also mentioned his Stop Snitchin' campaign in another "60 Minutes" interview when Anderson Cooper asked him, "If there was a serial killer living next to you, you wouldn't tell the police?" He replied, "I would probably move." 

Cam'ron has released 7 studio albums:



Kaihin-Makuhari Station

Kaihin-Makuhari Station (海浜幕張駅,かいひんまくはりえき) is a railway station of East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Mihama-ku, Chiba City, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. This is the nearest station to Makuhari Messe, Chiba Marine Stadium, and the AEON headquarters.



Nihombashi Station

Nihombashi Station (日本橋駅,にほんばしえき) is a railway station of Tokyo Metro and Toei Subway in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.


Drew Brees

Drew Brees (; born January 15, 1979) is a former American football quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. A native of Austin, Texas, he played college football for Purdue and was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in 2001, where he was their starting quarterback until 2006. In 2009, he led the Saints to a Super Bowl championship and was named MVP of the game.


Mariano Rivera

Mariano Rivera (born November 29, 1969 in Panama City, Panama) is a baseball player. He has played with the New York Yankees for many seasons. He is a “closer”, a type of pitcher who pitches in the ninth inning. Rivera is thought to be one of the best relief pitchers ever, and will probably be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Rivera throws a very fast “cutter” pitches that are good at striking out batters. Rivera has more saves in the World Series than any other pitcher. He also has more saves all-time then anybody, a record he set in 2011. Mariano Rivera wears #42, and is the only player in Major League baseball to do so. Rivera was born in Panama and played his first baseball there. 


Taco truck

A taco truck is a truck that sells tacos and other types of Mexican food. Some taco trucks also deal in fusion cuisine. It is one of the most common types of food trucks. In most taco trucks, the food is made in the truck. Taco trucks and other food trucks are common around colleges, as college students often eat at them. Though there are taco trucks all over the world, they are most often seen in Los Angeles and other Mexican-American cities. In many cities, such as Los Angeles, regular restaurants have tried to shut down taco trucks. This is because taco trucks sell food at a lower price than many restaurants. Taco trucks have been criticized in the past for being dirty and unhealthy, but this is not the case anymore. Chicago is the only city in the United States which does not allow cooking on food trucks but Taquero Fusion, Chicago's Original Taco Truck, managed to figure out a way to provide gourmet tacos to their customers. 

Food truck

Silky shark

The Silky shark ("Carcharhinus falciformis") is a type of shark of the genus "Carcharhinus", family Carcharhinidae. They are mainly found in warm bodies of water in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans. The Silky shark is large, slim, and grows up to a maximum length of 3.3 metres (10 feet). The Silky shark gets its name from the fact that it has a smooth, "silky" texture.
The Silky shark feeds on bony fish such as tuna, mackerel, sardines, and mullets, and molluscs such as squid and paper nautilus. They have also been known to feed on the bodies of dead whales.
The Silky shark is classified as "Near Threatened" by the IUCN.

A large, slim shark, the Silky shark has a fairly stretched, rounded snout, a relatively slanting first dorsal fin with a blunt top that is located behind the edges of the pectoral fins, a small second dorsal fin with an extremely long free rear tip (more than two times the height), and a low inter-dorsal ridge (ridge between the dorsal fins). The pectoral fins are long and slim, and have dusky coloured tips.
Silky sharks are normally dark grey with a shade of bronze, but are sometimes a golden-brown colour. Their undersides are white. Except for the first dorsal fin, the tips of all the fins are a dusky colour; this is more visible among the young.
The upper teeth are widely triangular and slanted, becoming more diagonal toward the angle of the jaws which are strongly cut and heavily jagged on the sides. The lower teeth are raised with smooth edges. There is usually 1 to 2 symphysial teeth on both, the lower and upper jaw.
The dermal denticles are small, tightly packed and over-lapping, giving the hide a smooth or "silky" texture, giving the shark it's name.
The maximum length for this species is 3.3 metres (10 feet). Males mature at the lengths of 2.2-2.3 metres (9–10 years of age) and grow to a lesser size than females, which reach maturity at the lengths 2.3-2.5 metres (12 years of age), however, these numbers are different among the different populations of this species. Silky sharks weigh around 350 kilograms (770 pounds).

The first specimen described was given the name "Carcharias (Prionodon) falciformis" by Johannes Müller and Jakob Henle in 1841. The genus name "Carcharhinus" comes from the Greek words ""karcharos"" which means "sharpen", and ""rhinos"" which means "nose". Other names given to the Silky shark are "Squalus" or "Prionodon tiburo", "Gymnorhinus" or "Gymnorrhinus pharaonis", "Aprionodon sitankaiensis", "Carcharhinus floridanus", "Eulamia malpeloensis", and "Carcharhinus atrodorsus".

The Silky shark is common in tropical and subtropical waters, and is found in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans. In the western Atlantic, it ranges from the U.S state Massachusetts to Brazil (including the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea), and in the east it ranges from Spain to Angola. It is found in the western Indian Ocean and the Red Sea from Tanzania to Mozambique, including Madagascar and the Comores, and in the middle and eastern Indian Ocean in ranges from the Maldives and Sri Lanka to western Australia. It is found from China to New Zealand in the western Pacific (including the Hawaiian Islands), and Baja California to Peru in the eastern Pacific.

Although the Silky shark is mainly found in the pelagic zone, the Silky shark is not just found in the open ocean, but has also been recorded from depths as shallow as 18 meters (56 ft). It is an active, swift shark that prefers warmer waters (about 23 °C). It is commonly found near the edges of continental shelves and over deep water reefs where there is a large amount of food source. It mainly ranges from the surface down to at least 500 meters (1,550 ft) but has been caught over water as deep as 4000 meters (12,400 ft). Studies show that groups of Silky sharks contain Silky sharks of different genders, but of the same size. Young Silky sharks can be found in coastal nurseries and adults are found further offshore, over deeper waters.

The Silky shark feeds mainly on bony fish such as tuna, mackerel, sardines, mullets, groupers, snappers, sea chubs, sea catfish, eels, lanternfish, filefish, triggerfish, and porcupinefish. It's diet also includes squid, paper nautilus, and swimming crabs, and there is fossil evidence of it scavenging on dead whales. Since of their good sense of hearing, and hunting tactics, these sharks are excellent hunters. They usually work together to "herd" groups of small fish to the surface, trapping the fish. When the fish are all tightly packed together, the Silky sharks attack the fish with great speed, and often consume the whole group of fish.

The Silky shark is viviparous, meaning that it gives live birth. In the western north Atlantic, females mate in the late spring (May-June), and give birth in the same time period, but in the next year, meaning that the gestation period lasts 12 months. The number of pups per litter is 6-14 in the western Atlantic, 9-12 in the eastern Atlantic, 9-14 in the western Indian Ocean, and 2-11 in the central Indian. The young spend their first few months in coral reefs, but move to the open ocean by the first winter. In the western north Atlantic, nursery areas are located along the Caribbean islands.

In English, the Silky shark is also called the "Net-eater shark" in the eastern Pacific because of the fact that it is often caught in nets used for fishing tuna. The Silky shark is also called the "Blackspot shark", "Grey whaler shark", "Olive shark", "Reef shark", "Ridgeback shark", "Sickle shark", "Sickle silk shark", and "Sickle-shaped shark". In other languages, the Silky shark is called the "cação" (Portuguese), "cazon" (Spanish), "cazon de playa" (Spanish), "cazón-tiburón" (Spanish), "haukkahai" (Finnish), "jaqueta" (Spanish), "jaqueton" (Spanish), "kanhaai" (Dutch), "karcharinos lios" (Greek), "kurotogarizame" (Japanese), "lombo preto" (Portuguese), "malie" (Samoan), "mandi sravu" (Malay), "mangeur d'hommes" (French), "marracho sedoso" (Portuguese), "marracho-luzidio" (Portuguese), "mbamba menyo" (Swahili), "moosi" (Gujarati), "mungsing" (Javanese), "mushi" (Marathi), "papa" (Swahili), "papa bunshu" (Swahili), "pating" (Tagalog), "requin soyeux" (French), "seidenhai" (German), "suga sura" (Telugu), "syhaai" (Afrikaans), "tiburón" (Spanish), "tiburon jaqueton" (Spanish), "tiburón lustroso" (Spanish), "tiburón sedoso" (Spanish), "tinterero" (Spanish), "tollo" (Spanish), "tollo mantequero" (Spanish), "tribon berde" (Papiamento), "tubarão-luzidio" (Portuguese), "yu jereh" (Malay), "yu pasir" (Malay), and "zijdehaai" (Dutch).

Silky sharks are considered dangerous to humans because of their aggressive nature and size. Silky sharks have been observed with their head raised, back arched and tail lowered, a posture believed to be a form of threat display.
Silky sharks are important to longline and gillnet fisheries in many parts of the world. In the Gulf of Mexico they are often caught with tuna catches, but are also caught by shark fishery. In the Caribbean they are sometimes fished, usually by longline, but they are not a common catch. In the Maldives and Sri Lanka, they are the most important shark species, making up 70-80% of the catches made in the pelagic zone. In Japanese waters, Silky sharks are a common target species of the shark fishery and are also caught with swordfish and tuna fisheries. In the mid-Atlantic waters of the U.S.A, the Silky shark is fished on a limited basis, but not in significant numbers. The meat, oil, and fins of the Silky shark are sold commercially. The Silky shark is also fished by recreational fishermen. Like other sharks, the Silky shark is in danger due to overfishing, because of its long gestation period, low number of offspring, and slow growth rate.
Other than its importance to various fisheries, Silky sharks have been used in various scientific studies to investigate the sensory biology of sharks.

Hairpin turn

A hairpin turn (also hairpin bend, hairpin corner, or just hairpin), is a very tight corner. It makes a vehicle turn almost 180° to continue on the road. It gets its name from the way it looks like a hairpin or bobby pin. Hairpin turns may be called switchbacks in American English.

Hairpin turns may be built when a road or path climbs up or down a steep slope. This allows the path to travel the slope with a smaller slope. Hairpin turns may be used in race tracks to slow down the race cars after a long, fast straight.

Sepang International Circuit

The Sepang International Circuit (SIC) is a racing circuit in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia. It is near the Kuala Lumpur International Airport, about 60 km south of the capital city Kuala Lumpur. It is the venue used for the Formula One Malaysian Grand Prix, A1 Grand Prix as well as the Malaysian MotoGP. The circuit was designed by German designer Hermann Tilke.

The main circuit is 5.54 km long. It is raced in a clockwise direction. It is noted for its sweeping corners and wide straights. The layout is unusual, with a very long back straight separated from the pit straight by just one very tight hairpin corner.

The circuit may be set-up with other configurations. The north circuit is the first half of the main circuit. The course turns back towards the pit straight after turn 6 and is 2.71 km long.

The south circuit is the other half of the circuit. The back straight of the main circuit becomes the pit straight. It joins onto turn 8 of the main circuit to form a hairpin turn. This circuit is 2.61 km in length.

Sepang International Circuit also features kart racing and motocross facilities.


Phoronida

The Phoronida, or horseshoe worms, are a small phylum of marine animals. There are twenty species, in two genera. They are part of the Brachiozoa, which also includes the brachiopods.

Phoronids are worm-shaped, but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth. That explains the name 'horseshoe worms'. They are found in all oceans and seas (except the polar seas), and all species have wide geographical ranges. 

They occur at depths up to 400 metres, but mainly between 0 to 70 metres. The life span is thought to be about a year. The adults are tube worms, and secrete chitinous tubes in which they live. These tubes can be buried in the mud or sand or rest on the surface of a rocky substrate. If on rocks, they may live in colonies with their tubes become twisted around each other for support. Some species can dissolve away holes in rocks such as limestone, calcareous seashells or even cement piers; they then live in these holes which they line with their secreted tubes.

They feed using a lophophore, a ciliated structure that surrounds the mouth. Together with the Bryozoa and Brachiopoda, the phoronids belong to the lophophorates, sometimes treated as a single phylum. 

Though they are normally long, up to 50cm (30 in). Phoronids are normally very thin. 

The digestive tract of Phoronids consists of a short oesophagus which leads into a spherical stomach and then into the intestines which end in the anus. Phoronids have a simple blood system of one descending artery and ascending vein linked by a network of fine capillaries. There are also blood vessels into each of the tentacles. The blood is colourless but contains corpuscles with a haemoglobin-like pigment that helps to carry oxygen.

The nervous system is mainly composed by the nervous ganglion between mouth and anus, a ring nerve at the basis of the lophophore, one or two giant nerve fibres which issue from the ganglion and extend along the body wall. There are two tubular excretory organs, which discharge to the exterior via nephridiopores, on the anal papilla.

Phoronids may be hermaphrodites or single sexed, and may also reproduce asexually. Gametes are released through the nephridia. Fertilisation is probably internal. Phoronids follow one of two types of reproductive strategy. Some species, such as "Phoronis ovalis", lay only a few (12–25) large eggs which have a lot of yolk. These eggs are brooded within the adult's tube, they are released only when they have hatched. The second strategy is to lay a much larger number (up to 500) of smaller eggs. These eggs are released as soon as they are fertilised. They hatch a few days later into what is called an 'actinotrocha' larvae. The larvae undergo a planktonic development for 2–3 weeks, and settle after about 20 days. Metamorphosis is 'catastrophic', occurring in less than 30 minutes and leading to a slender young phoronid.

Phoronids can regenerate the lophophore if it becomes damaged, in fact "Phoronis ovalis" voluntarily loses its lophophore in order to lay its eggs. Once the eggs are laid the animal grows a new lophophore.

Phoronids are suspension-feeders. They move their lophophores into the prevailing water current. Food particles in the water current are trapped in a stream of mucous that travels along the tentacles until it reaches the oral ring. There it is drawn into the mouth and then on into the digestive tract. Direct uptake of amino acids through the epidermis also occurs.

The fossil record of phoronids is poor. There are borings dating back to the Devonian which have been attributed to phoronids. "Iotuba chengjiangensis", a form known from only three specimens in the Lower Cambrian, has been interpreted as a phoronid because it appears to have had a U-shaped gut and was tentaculated. Phoronids may be related to the common but mysterious tubular fossils known as hederellids.



Shanghai International Circuit

The Shanghai International Circuit is a Chinese motor racing venue. It is in the district of Jiading near Shanghai in the People's Republic of China. It was the venue of the first Formula One Chinese Grand Prix on 26 September 2004.

The circuit costing about $450 million (USD). It was paid for by a government-funded joint-venture company. This company was made up of the Shanghai Juss Corporation, Shanghai National Property Management Co Ltd, and Shanghai Jia'an Investment and Development Co Ltd. Architectural and design experts began visiting the site by April 2003. The site was transformed from swampland to an international racetrack in 18 months. A team of 3000 worked around the clock to finish the construction.

Other events held at the circuit include a round of the MotoGP world championship, the Australian-based V8 Supercar championship, and also the final round of the A1 Grand Prix in 2006 and 2007.

The 2008 MotoGP race was the last one at Shanghai International Circuit. The FIM didn't select the circuit for 2009 because of overcrowding problems.

Like many new Formula One circuits, Shanghai International Circuit was designed by Hermann Tilke. It features his trademark track feature: a long back straight followed by a hairpin turn. Current-generation F1 cars can easily exceed on the long straight between corners 13 and 14. The track layout was inspired from the Chinese character shang (上). Shang is the first character in the name of the city Shanghai, and means "above" or "ascend". 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Intermediate circuit (4.600 km/2.858 mi)"


Endeavour River National Park

The Endeavour River National Park is just north of Cooktown, Queensland, Australia. It protects the north banks of the Endeavour River. Both the river and the park are named after Captain James Cook's ship, HM Bark Endeavour. The ship was repaired in the river in 1770 after being damaged by coral on the Great Barrier Reef. Most of the park can only be reached by boat. There are no facilities in the park, and people are not allowed to camp there. The park covers an area of about 2400 hectares. It is next to the Cairns Marine Park and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.

The Endeavour River protects a number of different habitats including, coastal dunes, fresh water wetlands, river estuary, mangrove forests, heathland and tropical woodlands.

Nobuko Yoshiya

Yoshiya was born in Niigata Prefecture, but grew up in the cities of Mooka and Tochigi, in Tochigi Prefecture. Her father was in the public service, so her family often moved. She was the only daughter and youngest child of her family. Both, her mother and her father, came from samurai families. She started writing when she was in her teens, although before this she had developed a love for writing which sapped her time for learning domestic skills from her mother.


Radioisotope heater unit

A radioisotope heater unit is a device that provides heat from the breakdown of radioactive material. Radioactive material is added to a container within the heater. Because the material is unstable, it breaks down, releasing energy as heat. The heater may be packaged with a thermocouple to make electricity.

Circuit de Catalunya

The Circuit de Catalunya is a racetrack in Montmeló, to the north of Barcelona, Catalonia. It is home to the Formula One Spanish Grand Prix and the motorcycle Catalonia Grand Prix. With long straights and a variety of corners, the Circuit de Catalunya is seen as an all-rounder circuit. It is often used for off-season testing. 

The Circuit de Catalunya was built in 1991. It was planned to host its first race in 1992 to go with the Olympic Games. The Olympic Games were scheduled to take place in Barcelona. The circuit is often referred to as 'Barcelona' in the racing community, even though it is located in Montmeló. The Circuit de Catalunya should not be confused with the Montjuïc circuit, which hosted the Spanish Grand Prix four times between 1969 and 1975. Unlike the Circuit de Catalunya, Montjuïc circuit is actually located within the city of Barcelona.

Because of so much testing is done at this circuit, Formula One drivers and mechanics are extremely familiar with it. This has led to criticism that drivers and mechanics are too familiar with Catalunya, reducing the amount of on-track action.
When the circuit opened, overtaking was frequent. Cars could closely follow each other through the last two corners. They would slipstream down the long straight for a pass. As aerodynamic balance became more important, this overtaking method became less effective. The cars were unable to follow each other as close. They would encounter turbulence created by the leading car. This made it hard for a car to get close enough to pass. In the next to the last corner was replaced with a chicane. This was an effort to improve passing. The redesign did not increase the amount of overtaking.

The Circuit de Catalunya also plays host to many other racing series, including Moto GP. The chicane which was put in for Formula 1 does not exist in the track layout for Moto GP, and there are at least five points on the track where riders are known to pass. As in Formula 1, turn one is the most popular place for overtaking.


Juan Manuel Santos

Juan Manuel Santos Calderón (born 10 August 1951) is a Colombian politician. He became the President of Colombia on 7 August 2010. Santos replaces Álvaro Uribe as president.

Santos has distanced himself from Uribe. Santos intends work on the social need of the country. He also wants to improve relations Colombia's neighbors.

Since winning the presidency in a June 20 landslide, Santos has marked distance between himself and Uribe, signaling the arrival of a leader who, unlike his predecessor, intends to focus on a social agenda and the country's frayed relations with its neighbors. During his inauguration speech, he said "I will preside over a government of national unity that will bring social prosperity for all Colombians... If we want to have economic and social development, we need to build unity among us."

Santos was schooled in the United States and is familiar with technology. He was a defense minister in the Uribe government. Santos has become well known around the world for trying to end the long conflict in Colombia. In 2016, after a lot of negotiations, he announced a peace deal with the FARC militia, which has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s. By June 2016, a peace deal had been reached, and some people have said Santos and the other negotiators may win a Nobel Peace Prize if the peace deal holds. Uribe is against the deal, which he thinks is too easy on FARC.

He is 65 years old, and is from one of the most politically influential families of Colombia. He is married to Maria and has three children.

He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2016 

He left office on 7 August 2018 and was replaced by conservative Iván Duque Márquez.

Ross Island

Ross Island is an island which was formed by four volcanoes in the Ross Sea, which can be found near the continent, Antarctica.

Because of the persistent presence of the ice sheet, the island is sometimes mistaken to be a part of Antarctica. Its area is 2,460 km² (950 sq mi); only a small portion of the island is free of ice and snow. The planet's southernmost active volcano, Erebus (3794 m), as well as the dormant volcano Terror (3230 m), are situated on the island. They were named by Ross after his ships HMS "Erebus" and HMS "Terror". The third highest peak is Mount Bird, and on its slopes are Shell Glacier and Endeavour Piedmont Glacier. Abbott Peak stands between Mount Erebus and Mount Bird.

Despite its relatively small size, Ross Island is the world's 6th highest island.

The island was discovered by Sir James Clark Ross in 1841, and it was later named in his honour by Robert F. Scott. 

Ross Island was the base for many of the early expeditions to Antarctica. It was and still is the southernmost island reachable by sea. Huts built by Scott's and Shackleton's expeditions are still located on the island, preserved as historical sites.

Today Ross Island is home to New Zealand's Scott Base, and the largest Antarctic settlement, the U.S. Antarctic Program's McMurdo Station. Greenpeace established World Park Base on the island and it ran for five years, from 1987 to 1992.

Ross Island lies within the boundaries of Ross Dependency, which is claimed by New Zealand.

Ross Island supports a colony of about a half million (500 000) Adélie Penguins.


Excretion

Excretion is one of the most basic functions of life. It is the process of eliminating waste products of metabolism and other non-useful materials. It is an essential process in all forms of life. It contrasts with secretion, where the substance may have specific tasks after leaving the cell.

In single-celled organisms, waste products are discharged directly through the surface of the cell. Multicellular organisms use more complex methods. Higher plants eliminate gases through the stomata on the surface of leaves. Animals have special excretory organs.

In mammals, excretion is the formation of urine in the kidneys, and expelling carbon dioxide from the lungs. These waste products are eliminated by urination and breathing out respectively. If excretion does not occur in an organism, waste products accumulate, which eventually kill the organism.

Also, food waste is expelled through the anus. Other substances are secreted into the bile, and then eliminated in the faeces. The skin and lungs also have excretory functions: the skin eliminates metabolic wastes like urea and lactic acid through sweating, and the lungs expel carbon dioxide.


Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the water, as this compound is soluble and there is ample water available for dilution. In terrestrial animals ammonia-like compounds are converted into other nitrogenous materials as there is less water in the environment, and ammonia itself is toxic.

Reptiles and birds excrete their nitrogenous wastes as uric acid in the form of a white paste. This allows efficient water retention and it can be stored more easily in the egg. Both uric acid and faeces are expelled through a common opening called the cloaca. Their waste is usually two-coloured: part white (uric acid) and part green or black (organic waste).

Many bird species, especially seabirds, can also excrete salt via specialized nasal salt glands, the saline solution leaving through nostrils in the beak.

Vibration isolation

Vibration isolation is a system of devices to decouple a mechanical or structural object from its vibrating supports.

For example, the handles of the saw presented in the right photo are separated from the engine and cutting bar to reduce shaking for the operator. Here, the spring mount is a part of this vibration isolation system.

When the targeted object is rather heavy (e.g. building, bridge or the like), vibration isolation may be called base isolation. Vibration isolation is a branch of protective techniques known as vibration control.

From the very beginning, the theory of vibration isolation, in general, and of base isolation, in particular, rested on two pillars: "heavy damping" and "frequency separation". Unfortunately, nobody paid any attention that the heavy damping was a sort of a strong connection between a "substructure" and "superstructure", and that the idea of decoupling them with the help of such connections was of no good.


Murder of Megan Kanka

Megan Nicole Kanka (December 7, 1986 – July 29, 1994) was an American child who was raped and murdered by her neighbor Jesse Timmendequas. It happened in Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey by a convicted sex offender, when she was seven years old.

Timmendequas tricked Kanka to come into his house by saying he had a puppy inside. Once Kanka noticed there was no puppy Timmendequas raped her, slammed her head into a dresser, wrapped her head in a plastic bag, and strangled her with a belt. He put her body in his car and assaulted her once more before placing her in a toy chest and dumping it in a park in nearby West Windsor, New Jersey. When he went to court the jury sentenced him to death after convicting him of kidnapping, rape, sodomy and murder.

The aftermath of this led the New Jersey Legislature to pass a law called "Megan's Law" which requires convicted sex offenders to tell the local police department when they move into a neighborhood.

Ueno Station

Ueno Station () is a railway station of JR East and Tokyo Metro in Taitō, Tokyo, Japan. Ueno Station should not be confused with the nearby Keisei-Ueno Station.


Yuniesky Betancourt

Yuniesky Betancourt (born January 31, 1982 in Santa Clara, Cuba) is a Cuban baseball player. He currently plays as a shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Betancourt formerly played for the Seattle Mariners from 2005 to 2009 and the Kansas City Royals from 2009 to 2010 before being traded along with Zack Greinke to the Brewers for Alcides Escobar, Lorenzo Cain, Jeremy Jeffress, Jake Odorizzi, and $2,000,000 to reportedly offset the buyout of Betancourt's club option in 2012.


Saitama-Shintoshin Station

Saitama-Shintoshin Station (さいたま新都心駅,さいたましんとしんえき) is a railway station of JR East in Saitama, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.



Tarawih

Tarawih (تراويح) also spelled Taraweeh, are Sunnah prayers (optional but recommended) which Muslims read at night in the month of Ramadan. The details of how the Tarawih are to be said is different between the different branches of Islam. Tarawih prayers are made up of a number of prayer phrases and actions, rakahs. Hanafis and Shafi'i say there are 20 rakahs, some Hanabalis say it is only eight, while others say 20. Malikis say there are 36, and the Ahl al-Hadeeth say it is 8.

Ferrari Grand Prix results

The table below details the World Championship Grand Prix results for Scuderia Ferrari's factory team-entered and privately-entered Formula One cars since 1950 in a separate list. The distinction between factory team entries and privateers is important in the early years of the Formula One championships. A third separate list details other teams for which Ferrari was an engine supplier.

Jump to: 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010

Jump to: 1991 2000 2010

Let's Go All the Way (song)

"Let's Go All the Way" is a 1986 dance-pop/new wave song by the American pop band Sly Fox. It is the first single from their only album "Let's Go All the Way", which was released in 1985. The song was produced by Ted Currier and written by Gary "Mudbone" Cooper.

The song was used in the movie Ferris Bueller's Day Off and Loverboy and was also covered in 1999 by The Wondergirls and again in 2000 by the horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse.

Riddle Box

Riddle Box is the third studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on October 10, 1995. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the third of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology.

Privateer (motorsport)

In auto racing, a privateer is usually an person or race team that enters a race on their own. They are not directly supported by an automobile manufacturer. Privateer teams often build and maintain their own vehicles. 

In the early years of Formula One, privately-owned teams would race using a race car built by another team or constructor. Many privateer entrants compete for the enjoyment of the sport, and are not paid to be racing drivers.

The modern F1 Concorde Agreement now requires teams to build their own cars. In modern F1 terms, privateer is more often used to refer to a team who are not at least part-owned by large corporations, such as WilliamsF1.


Factory-backed

Factory-backed is a term commonly used in motor sports to describe a racing team with support from a manufacturer. This support includes financial aid. Motor sports is an expensive pastime, and some amount of factory support is often necessary for success. Full factory backing is often seen in the top levels of competition.

Meriwether Lewis

Meriwether Lewis (August 18, 1774 – October 11, 1809) was an American explorer, soldier, and public administrator. He was best known for his role as the leader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition with William Clark. Their mission was to explore the territory of the Louisiana Purchase, establish trade and sovereignty over the natives near the Missouri River, and claim the Pacific Northwest and Oregon Country for the United States before European nations. They also collected scientific data, and information on indigenous nations. President Thomas Jefferson appointed him Governor of Upper Louisiana in 1806. He died of gunshot wounds in what was an act of suicide.


William Clark

William Clark (August 1, 1770 – September 1, 1838) was an American explorer, soldier, Indian agent, and territorial governor. A native of Virginia, he grew up in prestatehood Kentucky before later settling in what became the state of Missouri. Clark was a planter and slaveholder.

Along with Meriwether Lewis, Clark led the Lewis and Clark Expedition of 1803 to 1806 across the Louisiana Purchase to the Pacific Ocean, and claimed the Pacific Northwest for the United States. Before the expedition, he served in a militia and the United States Army. Afterward, he served in a militia and as governor of the Missouri Territory. From 1822 until his death in 1838 (aged 68) he served as Superintendent of Indian Affairs. 


Concorde Agreement

The Concorde Agreement is a contract between the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the Formula One teams and the Formula One Administration. The Concorde Agreement defines the agreement about how the teams race, and how the money is divided up. The money includes the television revenue and prize money.

There have been six Concorde Agreements since 1981. The terms of all of the agreements have been kept a secret. The secrecy was broken by racing journalist Forrest Bond when the 1997 Concorde Agreement was published in 2006 by RaceFax.

The basic requirements of the agreements are to be professional and to increase the success of Formula One. The biggest requirement of the teams to participate in every race. This makes Formula One better for the broadcasters. Broadcasters spend a large amount of money to televise the races. In return for racing, the teams were guaranteed a percentage of the sport's revenue.

The Commission Sportive Internationale, was an organization that reported to the FIA. They were the rule-making group for Formula One. In 1979 they were replaced by the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile, or FISA.

The race teams were represented by the Formula One Constructors Association, or FOCA. At the time, FOCA's chief executive was Bernie Ecclestone and his legal advisor was Max Mosley.

FISA and FOCA had a number of disagreements. Some teams believed that FISA was favoring the major manufacturers. The teams were also unhappy about how the money in Formula One was being distributed.

The FISA and FOCA disagreements became known as the FISA-FOCA war. This resulted in several races being canceled. Goodyear threatened to quit suppling tyres to Formula One. This would have been a disaster to the sport.

Bernie Ecclestone of FOCA organized a meeting of team managers and FISA representatives. The meeting was held at the offices of the FIA in the Place de la Concorde, Paris, France. At the meeting, they negotiated for thirteen straight hours. On 19 January 1981, the first Concorde Agreement was signed. The agreement was named after the plaza in Paris where the discussions took place.

The contract terms remain mostly confidential. It is known that teams were required to appear and compete in every race. This would ensure that the newly acquired television public that they would have a race to watch. The agreement also granted FOCA the right to televise Formula One races. This may have been the most important part of the agreement. This right was "leased" to Formula One Promotions and Administration, a company created and owned by Bernie Ecclestone. Another important part of the agreement was that the rules would be kept stable.

The first Concorde Agreement expired on 31 December 1987.

The second Concorde Agreement covered the through seasons.

The third Concorde Agreement covered the through seasons.

In 1995 the FIA decided to transfer Formula One's commercial rights from FOCA to Formula One Administration for a 14-year period. In exchange, Ecclestone would make an annual payment. McLaren, Williams, and Tyrrell did not like this arrangement. They rejecting the proposed Concorde Agreement. Ken Tyrrell was upset that Ecclestone, as President of FOCA, had transfer the rights to his own company. Mr. Tyrrell also did not like that the Agreement was secret. He believed that only helped Ecclestone. He felt it weakened the bargaining power of the teams.

On 5 September 1996 the new Concorde Agreement was signed by all the teams except McLaren, Williams, and Tyrrell. The agreement was to run from 1 January 1997 to 2002.

Taking a stand against Bernie Ecclestone, the FIA, and the commercial aspects of Formula One put McLaren, Williams, and Tyrrell in a bind. The three teams lost influence in the sport and income they would have received if they had signed.

A compromise (agreement between all parties) was reached. On 27 August 1998, the 1998 Concorde Agreement was signed. This agreement expired on 31 December 2007.

A meeting on the new Concorde Agreement was held on 7 December 2004. All of the teams but Ferrari attended the meeting. Ecclestone offered a payment of £260,000,000 over three years if all the teams would renew of the Concorde Agreement.

On 19 January 2005, Ferrari announced that it had signed an extension to the 1997 Concorde Agreement. The extension would expire on 31 December 2012. Later that year, Red Bull and Jordan/Midland also signed an extension. (Jordan had been sold to Midland, but was still racing under the name Jordan.) On 7 December, 2005, Williams became the fourth team to sign an extension to the agreement.

On 27 March 2006, the five GPMA-backed teams (Jaguar, Honda, Ferrari, Toyota, and Renault) submitted their applications for the 2008 season. On 14 May 2006, the five GPMA-backed teams signed a Memorandum of Understanding (a letter agreeing to the terms) with the commercial rights holders (CVC/Ecclestone). This formed the basis of the next Concorde Agreement. A full Concorde Agreement was not in place for the season, with the Memorandum and other individual teams acting as a temporary solution.

On 29 July 2008, the ten currently competing teams created the Formula One Teams Association (FOTA) to negotiate the terms of contract. After a dispute between FOTA and the FIA in the first half of 2009, a new Concorde Agreement was signed by Mosley and all of the teams except BMW Sauber. BMW Sauber had announced it was going to withdraw from Formula One at the end of the season. The new agreement provides for a continuation of the terms of the 1998 agreement. It runs until 31 December 2012.

A program of resource limits was also agreed on. Revised sporting and technical regulations for the season were set.


Avatar: The Last Airbender Trading Card Game

The Avatar: The Last Airbender Trading Card Game is a collectible card game based on the Nickelodeon animated television series "". Upper Deck Entertainment launched this title in the first quarter of 2006.



Tokyopop

Tokyopop, formerly known as Mixx, is an American distributor, licensor and publisher. They work with anime, manga, manhwa and Original English-language manga in English, German, and Japanese. Tokyopop has its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. It has branches in the United Kingdom and Germany. Tokyopop products are available internationally.


Film comic

A , or , also referred to as ani-manga, are Japanese manga volumes which use images from an anime series, movie, or video release instead of the standard drawn panels. They generally contain the full dialog from the anime from which they are adapted. While generally published in book form, they are also sometimes released electronically as e-books, occasionally called e-manga.

This format has been adopted by companies such as Disney and companies from other countries' television and movie, and may even be based on live-action productions.

Companies such as Tokyopop and Viz release movies comics but refer to them as Cine-manga and Ani-manga, respectively. These western companies also release movies comics for young readers. movies comics have been well received in English speaking countries, with some titles selling more than 500,000 copies.

List of Futurama episodes

Futurama is a Fox animated television series, which originally aired on the network from March 28, 1999 to August 10, 2003. All four original production seasons are available on DVD. The DVD sets were entitled "Volume #" in Region 1 (USA), and "Season #" in the Regions 2 (Europe) and 4 (Australia). The Complete Collection DVD set was released on October 25, 2004 in Region 2, and on March 22, 2005 in Region 1. After cancellation on Fox four direct-to-DVD movies were released and later aired as 16 individual episodes on Comedy Central. 

"Futurama" was originally created as four seasons; Fox broadcast it out of the intended order as five seasons. This list is in production order for the first four seasons on Fox, primarily because this is the order used on the DVDs, as intended by the artists, and it helps avoid plot inconsistencies. A list of Futurama episodes by broadcast order is available in a separate article. The production code is the code used by Fox to indicate the production order of the episodes, and is in the format #ACV##. The first number represents the production season. ACV is Fox's series code for "Futurama". The second number is the episode's number. The TV broadcast code indicates the broadcast order. It is in the format S##E##, where S## indicates the broadcasting season of which there were 5, and E## indicates the episode's number. Seasons currently airing or in production are ordered by broadcast date as the DVD order is unknown, when the DVDs are released the order will be adjusted to represent the final order in case episodes have been aired out of the intended order as they did on Fox.

"Futurama" 's episode ratings in the United States are TV-PG for suggestive dialogue (D), offensive language (L), sexual content (S), and/or graphic violence (V) in its earlier episodes on Fox and on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim airings. The later episodes on Fox are rated TV-14 for suggestive dialogue (D), offensive language (L), sexual content (S), and/or graphic violence (V). The Comedy Central reruns are also rated TV-14, but do not include any of the sub-ratings. In the UK, "Futurama" episodes have been rated PG (parental guidance suggested when viewing) or 12 (not recommended viewing for anyone under 12 years of age), depending on the episode's content. The only episode not rated PG or 12 is "Leela's Homeworld," which is rated U (recommended for all ages).

Season five aired on Comedy Central from March 23, 2008 to August 30, 2009. It consisted of the four straight-to-DVD films divided into sixteen individual episodes. Each four-episode set aired after the release of the accompanying film. In addition to airing the new season, Comedy Central has taken over syndication of the previous episodes. A sixth season, consisting of 26 episodes, began airing on Comedy Central on June 24, 2010.

Roerich Pact

The Roerich Pact is a treaty on Protection of Artistic and Scientific Institutions and Historic Monuments, signed by the representatives of 21 states in the Oval Office of the White House on 15 April 1935. As of January 1, 1990, the Roerich Pact had been ratified by ten nations: Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, the United States, and Venezuela. It went into effect on 26 August 1935. The government of India approved the treaty in 1948 but did not take any further formal action. The Roerich Pact is also known as "Pax Cultura" ("Cultural Peace" or "Peace through Culture"). The most important part of the Roerich Pact is the legal recognition that the protection of culture is always more important than any military necessity.

The Russian painter and philosopher Nicholas Roerich (1874-1947) started the modern movement for the defense of cultural objects, in order for a “Peace of Civilizations”.

Roerich was born on October 9, 1874, in St. Petersburg, Russia. He became a successful painter, and one of his paintings was purchased by Tsar Nicholas II.

After 1918, Roerich left Russia. In 1923, the Roerich Museum was founded in New York and is now in Manhattan at the corner of 107th Street and Riverside Drive. Finally, Roerich settled down in the Kulu Valley in Himachal Pradesh in the Himalayas. He died on December 13, 1947.

In 1929, Roerich, working with Paris University professor Giorge Chklaver, wrote a draft of an international treaty dedicated to protection of cultural values (Roerich Pact).

US President Franklin D. Roosevelt had a decisive influence on the process of signing of the treaty by all nations of the American continent. Incidentally, Roosevelt kept in his private rooms a bust of Roerich.

The Roerich Pact was the basis for the United Nations “International Convention for Protection of Cultural Values in the Event of Armed Conflict” signed in 1954. However, not all of the ideas of the Roerich Pact are fully implemented in international law, especially the preference of the preservation of cultural values over military necessity.
The Roerich Pact proposed a flag to identify protected objects, the Banner of Peace, which was a white cloth containing a red ring and three red circles inscribed in it. The sign symbolized a unity of the past, present, and future into the ring of eternity. Ideas from the Pact were reflected in Roerich's art. The Banner of Peace symbol is shown in many of his paintings.

The Roerich Pact is an international treaty, but it also contains legal ideas about a new type of state. The state budget should include money spent on culture, art and education that must be larger than military expenses. That is the legal recognition that the protection of cultural objects is more important than any military necessity. Roerich thought that caring for future generations was an important reason for constitutional states to exist.

US President Franklin D. Roosevelt, in the speech upon the signature of the Roerich Pact, said, "In opening this Pact to the adherence of the Nations of the world, we are endeavoring to make of universal application one of the principles vital to the preservation of modern civilization. This Treaty possesses a spiritual significance far deeper than the text of the instrument itself."

The Roerich Pact was an important step towards the future development of a new legal culture. The provisions of Roerich’s concept are based on the idea that the primary duty of the state is to preserve the national culture. The ideas of the Roerich Pact are still not fully implemented in international law. Some people think that the 21st century is the time to implement his ideas.


M. Night Shyamalan

Manoj Nelliyattu Shyamalan (; മനോജ്‌ നെല്ലിയാട്ടു ശ്യാമളന്‍, Mitur Ben Es-Derti ,Latin English: "Maṉōj Nelliyāṯṯu Ṣiyāmaḷaṉ", born 6 August 1970), known professionally as M. Night Shyamalan, is an American filmmaker and screenwriter who resides and works primarily in the United States. He is known for making movies with contemporary supernatural plots that climax with a twist ending. Some of his notable movies are "The Sixth Sense" (1999), "Unbreakable" (2000), "Signs" (2002), "The Village" (2004), "Lady in the Water" (2006), "The Happening" (2008) and "The Last Airbender" (2010). He is also known for filming his movies (and staging his plots) in and around Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was raised.

Shyamalan was born in a Hindu household in Mahé, Puducherry, India. His father, Nelliate C. Shyamalan is a Malayali traditional physician (Vaidyar) from Mahé. His mother, Jayalakshmi is Tamil and is an obstetrician and gynecologist by profession.



Neijia

, literally "internal family", is a term in Chinese martial arts, grouping those styles that practice 
, literally "internal strength", usually translated as internal martial arts, occupied with spiritual, mental or qi-related aspects, as opposed to an "external" ) approach focused on physiological aspects. The distinction dates to the 17th century, but its modern application is due to publications by Sun Lutang, dating to the period of 1915 to 1928.
Nèi jìng is developed by using "nèigōng", or "internal exercises," as opposed to "wài gōng", "external exercises." 

Nèijiā is a broad term used mistakenly in the West as a synonym for the more specific Wǔdāngquán styles, named for their association with the Taoist monasteries of Wudangshan range, Hubei Province in Chinese popular legend. These styles are enumerated by Sun Lutang as Tàijíquán, Xíngyìquán and Bāguàzhǎng, but must also include Bājíquán and the legendary Wudang Sword. Some other Chinese arts, not in the Wudangquan group, such as Liuhebafa, Bak Mei Pai, Bok Foo Pai and Yiquan are frequently classified (or classify themselves) as "internal".



Brahmajala Sutta (Theravada)

The Brahmajala Sutta is the first of 34 suttas in the Digha Nikaya (the Long Discourses of the Buddha). The name comes from 'brahma' (perfect wisdom) and 'jala' (net-which-embraced-all-views). The sutta is also called 'Atthajala' (Net of Essence), Dhammajala, (Net of the Dhamma), Ditthijala (Net of Views), Anuttarasangama Vijaya (Incomparable Victory in Battle).

The sutta discusses two main topics: the elaboration of the Ten Precepts (Cula-sila), the Middle Precepts (Majjhima-sila), and the Great Precepts (Maha-sila). Cula-sila deals with the Ten Precepts to be practised by devout buddhists, while Majjhima-sila gives a detailed description of the practice of the sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth precepts, together with the practise of plant conservation and speech etiquette.

The second and third parts of the sutta discuss the 62 beliefs (ditthi) or "views" held by ascetics in the Ganges plains ( in what is now India) during the life of the Buddha. These are divided into: 18 beliefs related to the past (pubbantanuditthino), and 44 beliefs about the future (aparantakappika).

Many of these beliefs are still relevant in the modern world and thus the sutta provides Buddhist scholars with much information to ponder about the Buddha's teachings.

The elaboration of these beliefs is very detailed, focusing on how the beliefs (faiths) come to be and the way they are described and declared. The elaboration ends with the Buddha's statement about the danger of clinging to these beliefs, as they are still influenced by desire (lobha), hatred (dosa), and ignorance (moha) that its faithful followers will not end in the final liberation but still in the cycle of samsara. Believers of these faiths are compared to small fish in a pond which will be captured by a fine net no matter how much they want to escape, while those who see reality as it is are beyond the net of samsara.



Baguazhang

Bāguàzhǎng is one of the major Chinese martial arts of the Wudang school. It is also one of the three main internal styles, or Neijia. "Bāguà zhǎng" means "eight trigram palm," according to the trigrams of the Yijing (I Ching), one of the canons of Taoism.




Grace Slick

Grace Slick (born "Grace Barnett Wing"; October 30, 1939) is an American singer-songwriter from Evanston, Illinois. She was the lead singer of Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship and Starship. 

She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 as a member of Jefferson Airplane.

The Daily Pennsylvanian

The Daily Pennsylvanian (The DP) is the independent daily student newspaper of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Founded in 1885, the newspaper has been published daily since 1894, except for a hiatus from May 1943 to November 1945 on account of World War II. The "DP" broke away from the university in 1962 to become an independent publication. It incorporated in 1984 to solidify its financial and editorial independence from the university. Today the newspaper's budget is funded primarily through the sale of advertising by a student business staff.

The "Daily Pennsylvanian" has won many of the most prestigious awards in college journalism. In 2008, the newspaper was awarded the Society of Professional Journalist's National Mark of Excellence Award. In the same year, the paper won the Spring 2008 Columbia Gold Crown, awarded to only eight college newspapers nationwide, an award it has won many times before. It also received first place in the Associated Collegiate Press's Kansas City Convention Best of Show Competition in 2008. In 2004, the DP won the Pacemaker, awarded by the Associated Collegiate Press and the Newspaper Association of America Foundation, for a record-setting fourth consecutive year. It also won the award in 1990, 1997, and 1998, and most recently in 2007. Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year. It was also ranked as the "most read" college newspaper by The Princeton Review in 1990, 1997, 1998, and 2001. In 2006, College Publisher awarded the DP first place in the category of Best Online Sports Coverage and, in 2008, it was awarded an online Gold Crown for dailypennsylvanian.com.


Pomeranian dog

The Pomeranian is a dog from Pomerania (in Eastern Germany and Northern Poland). Queen Victoria, Queen Charlotte, and Joséphine de Beauharnais all owned Pomeranians.Pomeranians are sometimes called Zwergspitz (which is a Dwarf Spitz) and Toy German Spitz in different countries.

The Pomeranian can live from 12 to 16 years.

Pomeranians are more likely than other dogs to get some health problems, like:

Io9

Io9 is a blog launched in 2008 by Gawker Media. The blog focuses on the subjects of science fiction, futurism and advancements in the fields of science and technology.


Jake Dowell

Jacob Dowell (born March 4, 1985 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin) is an American former professional ice hockey center. He played a total of 157 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Dallas Stars and Minnesota Wild.

He was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 140th pick in the 2004 NHL Draft and played 4 seasons with them before being signed to the Dallas Stars on July 1, 2011.

On May 12, 2017, Dowell signed a one-year contract with EHC Liwest Black Wings Linz of the ICE Hockey League. After the year, he decided to retire from playing professional ice hockey.

Brian David Josephson

Brian David Josephson, FRS (born 4 January 1940; Cardiff, Wales) is a Welsh physicist who became a Nobel laureate in 1973. He is of Jewish descent.

As of late 2007, he was a retired professor at the University of Cambridge, where he is the head of the Mind–Matter Unification Project in the Theory of Condensed Matter (TCM) research group. He is also a fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.

Josephson is one of the more well-known scientists who say that parapsychological phenomena may be real, and is also interested in the possibility that Eastern mysticism may have relevance to scientific understanding. In 2005, Josephson said that "parapsychology should now have become a conventional field of research, and yet parapsychology's claims are still not generally accepted". He compared this situation to that of Alfred Wegener's hypothesis of continental drift, where there was initially great resistance to acceptance despite the strength of the evidence.

Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump

Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is a buffalo jump in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains about 18 km northwest of Fort Macleod, Alberta, Canada. The plains Indians used Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump for over 5,500 years to kill buffalo. Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and became one in 1981.


Michael Thalbourne

Michael A. Thalbourne, Ph.D., (March 24 1955 – May 4 2010) was an Australian psychologist and parapsychologist. He was educated at the University of Adelaide and the University of Edinburgh. His books include: "A glossary of terms used in parapsychology" (2003), "The common thread between ESP and PK" (2004), and "Parapsychology in the Twenty-First Century: Essays on the future of Psychical research" (2005). 

Damping

In physics, damping is any effect that tends to reduce the amplitude of vibrations.

In mechanics, the internal friction may be one of the causes of such damping effect. For many purposes the damping force F can be modeled as being proportional to the velocity v of the object:

where c is the "damping coefficient", given in units of Newton-seconds per meter.

Dale Webster

Dale Webster, also called "The Daily Wavester", is a surfer who lives in Valley Ford, California. People know him for making the official Guinness Book of World Records record for the "most days in a row surfed" 10,407 and his acting in the movie "Step into Liquid".

Toyosu Station

Toyosu Station (豊洲駅,とよすえき) is a Railway station of Tokyo Metro and Yurikamome in Kōtō, Tokyo, Japan.


Jeanne Moreau

Jeanne Moreau (23 January 1928 – 31 July 2017) was a French actress particularly associated with the French "new wave" cinema.

Moreau was born in Paris, France, the daughter of an English mother, a dancer at the Folies Bergères, and a French father, a restaurateur. She studied at the Conservatoire de Paris.

She began her career as a stage actress and joined the celebrated "Comédie-Française" in 1948, aged only 20, one the youngest ever member of the company. During the same time, she was in small roles in movies.

She got her first major break when she met French director Louis Malle. He cast her in his movies "L'ascenceur pour l'échafaud" (1957) and "Les amants" (1958), which established her as a movie star in France. She also appeared in Roger Vadim's "Les liaisons dangereuses" (1959) and Peter Brooks's "Moderato cantabile" (1960), but it is with François Truffaut's iconic movie "Jules et Jim" (1961) that she became an international star.

She then went on to work with directors such as Michelangelo Antonioni ("La Notte"), Orson Welles ("Le procès"), Luis Bunuel ("The Diary of a Chambermaid"), etc. In the 1970s, she attempted directing with "Lumières" (1976) and "L'adolescente" (1979) with mixed success.

Moreau received many awards for best actress, including a César Award, a BAFTA, a prix d'interprétation at the Cannes Film Festival. In 1996 she received a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award.

Moreau died on 31 July 2017 in Paris at the age of 89.


V12 engine

A V12 engine often just called a V12 is an internal combustion engine with 12 cylinders. The engine has six cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V" shaped angle. In most engines, the two banks are at a 60° angle to each other. All twelve pistons turn a common crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel and natural gas.

Each cylinder bank is basically a straight-6. This set-up has perfect balance no matter which V angle is used. A V12 engine does not need balance shafts. A V12 angled at 45°, 60°, 120°, or 180° from each other has even firing and is smoother than a straight-6. This provides a smooth running engine for a luxury car. In a racing car, the engine can be made much lighter. This makes the engine more responsive and smoother. In a large heavy-duty engine, a V12 can run slower, and prolonging engine life.

V12 engines were first used in aircraft. By the end of World War I, V12s were popular in the fighters and bombers. Many Zeppelins had V12 engines. 

The Rolls-Royce Merlin V12 powered the Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire fighters that played a vital role in Britain's victory in the Battle of Britain. The long, narrow configuration of the V12 contributed to good aerodynamics, while its exceptional smoothness allowed its use with relatively light and fragile airframes. 

After World War II, V12 engines were mostly replaced by turbojet and turboprop engines. These engines produced more power for their weight, and fewer problems in large aircraft.

In cars, V12 engines are not common because of their complexity and cost. They are normally found only in high-end sports cars and luxury cars. For these cars, they are desired for their power, low vibration, and distinctive sound.

Before World War II, V12 engines were found in many luxury cars. In the 1930s, V8 engines started to replace the V12s. The V8 engine design was improved to make it lighter and produce more power than the V12. Since World War II, only a few car manufactures have used V12 engines. 

In 1997, Toyota equipped their Century Limousine with a 5.0 L V12, making it the first Japanese production passenger car with a V12. In 2009, China FAW Group Corporation equipped their Hongqi HQE with a 6.0 L V12, making it the first Chinese production passenger car so equipped.

In the past, V12 engines were common in Formula One and endurance racing. Ferrari used V12 engines in 1950, the first year of Formula One. Several factors made teams stop using the V12 engine. Improvements to the V8 engine, in particular Ford Cosworth engine. Small, lightweight turbocharged engines were developed that produced more power for the weight. And finally rule changes that limited the size of engines and the power they could produce.

In the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans, the first place car was a Audi R10 TDI, with a V12 diesel engine. The second place car was a Peugeot 908, also with a V12 diesel.

V12 is a common configuration for large diesel engines. Heavy trucks often use large V12 engines. Many diesel locomotives have V12 engines. Mercedes (MTU) builds V12 diesel engines for marine use. 

V12 is a common configuration for tanks and other armored fighting vehicles (AFVs). 


Gawker Media

Gawker Media is an American online media company and blog network. It was founded and is owned by Nick Denton. It is based in New York City. 



The Philadelphia Inquirer

The Philadelphia Inquirer is a newspaper that serves the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area of the United States. The newspaper was founded by John R. Walker and John Norvell in June 1829 as The Pennsylvania Inquirer and is the third-oldest surviving daily newspaper in the United States. Owned by the local group Philadelphia Media Holdings LLC, "The Inquirer" has the nineteenth largest average weekday U.S. newspaper circulation and has won eighteen Pulitzer Prizes.


Chinese martial arts

Chinese martial arts is also known by the Mandarin Chinese term, wushu. It is popularly known as kung-fu. It includes a number of fighting styles that have developed over the centuries in China. 

These fighting styles are often classified according to common features, identified as "families" ("jiā"), "sects" ("pài") or "schools" ("mén") of martial arts. Examples of such features include physical exercises that copy certain animals, or training methods inspired by Taoism, and legends. 

Styles focusing on "qi" are called "internal" ("nèijiāquán"), while others concentrate on improving muscle and heart fitness, and are called "external" ("wàijiāquán"). They are also often classed according to region, that is "northern" ("běiquán") and "southern" ("nánquán").


Series finale

A series finale is the last installment of a television series before the series is removed. These terms refer to an intentionally planned ending, rather than one in which the series is unexpectedly cancelled after the last episode is produced. Episodes labeled "series finale," or ones leading up to it, often include remarkable events in the overall series story arc. An extended length episode, or television or theatrical film may serve as the series finale. The finale may also be used as a device to create a spin-off series.



Mazdak

Mazdak (died 524 or 528) was a Persian reformer and religious activist. He became influential under the reign of the Sassanian Shahanshah Kavadh I. He claimed to be a prophet of God, and started communal possessions and social welfare programs.

He was the main representative of set of religious and philiosopical teachings called Mazdakism, which are seen as a reformed version of Zoroastrianism.
Some people have argued, his teachings show influences from Manichaeism as well. Zoroastrianism was the dominant religion of Sassanid Persia. Mazdak was a Zoroastrian priest. Most of the Zoroastrian clergy regarded his teaching as a heresy.

There is very little information about Mazdakism. The teaching of Khurramism developed from Mazdakism and can be used to tell certain details about Mazdakism.

Box Car Racer

Box Car Racer was an American Alternative rock/Post-hardcore band from San Diego, California that were active from 2001 to 2003. Box Car Racer was a side-project for Blink-182 members Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker and lead guitarist of Hazen Street, David Kennedy and touring bassist Anthony Celestino. When they were active they were signed to the record label MCA Records.




Tatshenshini-Alsek Provincial Park

Tatshenshini-Alsek Park (also known as Tatshenshini-Alsek Provincial Wilderness Park) is a provincial park in British Columbia. It is part of the Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The park is on the northwestern corner of British Columbia. It borders the U.S. state of Alaska and Canadian Yukon Territory. The park has many Grizzly Bears, Glacier Bear, Dall's Sheep, Mountain Goats, Kenai moose, grey wolves, eagles (Bald & Golden), falcons (peregrine & gyr), trumpeter swans, Sea lions, and Humpback whales.


List of best-selling albums worldwide

This is a list of the world's best-selling albums. The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide. Most albums have different estimates of sales. In this list, the highest sales reported for an album is added to the list. Groupings are based on different sales benchmarks. The highest benchmark is for claims of at least 100 million copies, and the lowest are for claims of 20–29 million copies. Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and by the artist's first name. This list contains all types of albums, including studio, greatest hits, compilation, various artists, soundtrack and remix.

A number of issues make exact figures difficult to calculate, as historical data before the 1980s and from developing countries is incomplete. Also, fans, record companies and the media are prone to making the sales figures higher than they actually are to boost the image of the act. The list also does not take into account the resale of used albums or as the emergence of illegal downloading of digital music.

Michael Jackson's "Thriller" is the best selling album of all time. The album is cited as selling as many as 110 million copies worldwide.


Nanaimo

Nanaimo is a city in British Columbia with a population of 90,054 (2016). 

The mayor of Nanaimo is Leonard Eugene Krog 

Nanaimo is located on Vancouver Island and is the second largest city on Vancouver Island.

Nanaimo is ranked 62nd overall in the 100 largest municipalities in Canada and is nicknamed the "Bathtub Racing Capital of the World" and the "Harbour City". 


Shibuya Station

Shibuya Station () is a railway station of JR East, Tokyu Corporation, Keio Corporation and the Tokyo Metro in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan.


 Shōnan-Shinjuku Line

Oakland Tribune

Oakland Tribune is newspaper in Oakland, California. Oakland Tribune is estimated February 21 1874 and today its owned by MediaNews Group.

Loving County, Texas

Loving County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the United States' smallest county by number of people. In 2020, only 64 people lived there. The county seat is Mentone.

The County is named for Oliver Loving, a cattle farmer who, along with Charles Goodnight, developed the Goodnight-Loving Trail. He died of wounds from Comanches while on a cattle drive in 1867 near the county.

I'm Outta Time

"I'm Outta Time" is a single by the rock band Oasis. The song is featured on their seventh studio album "Dig Out Your Soul". The second single from the album, "I'm Outta Time" was written by lead vocalist Liam Gallagher and released on 1 December 2008.

The song has similarity, in style, to John Lennon's work in the early 1970s. The piano which features on the track partly sounds like Lennon's "Jealous Guy". The song also has a backing piano similar to The Beatles' "A Day in the Life". Liam jokingly claims that it took him nine years to write the song.

The song features a short speech from John Lennon taken from one of his last interviews in 1980. The speech sample says: "As Churchill said, it's every Englishman's inalienable right to live where the hell he likes. What's it going to do, vanish? Is it not going to be there when I get back?".

The song has been noted as one of the highlights of the album, with guitarist Noel Gallagher labeling it "deceptively brilliant". It has also been praised by music critics, with "NME" calling it a return to form, and comparing it to the music of Oasis-admired rock band The Beatles.

It charted at #12 in the UK Singles Chart - the first Oasis single to miss the top ten since 1994, ending the band's streak of 22 consecutive top tens. It has so far spent a total of 24 weeks in the French Singles Chart, the most ever by any Oasis single. However, the single spent only two weeks in the UK top 75, the least ever by any Oasis single.

The music video for "I'm Outta Time" was released in November 2008. It was filmed in black and white, and shows Liam Gallagher, the only band member to appear in the clip, on a "surreal journey through a moon-lit English landscape". At the end of the video, Liam is filmed in a close-up profile shot lying down. This bears resemblance to the back cover artwork for John Lennon's album "Imagine".

The song was covered by Lily Allen on BBC's Live Lounge on December 2, 2009.

Nick.com

Nick.com is a website created and owned by Nickelodeon. It started in October 1995. The website is an online portal for Nickelodeon content, and has online games, message boards, and individual websites for each show it has broadcast.


Corey Crawford

Corey Crawford (born December 31, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played a total 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire career for the Chicago Blackhawks. He made his debut with the Blackhawks on January 22, 2006 against the Minnesota Wild.

Crawford also played in the QMJHL for the Moncton Wildcats. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On October 9, 2020, Crawford signed a two-year, $7.8 million contract with the New Jersey Devils. However, he never played for them. On January 9, 2021, Crawford announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey.


Oasis discography

The discography of Oasis, an English rock band, consists of seven studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, two extended plays (EPs), five video albums and thirty-one singles.

Oasis were formed in 1991 by vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarist Paul Arthurs (also known as "Bonehead"), bassist Paul McGuigan (also known as "Guigsy") and drummer Tony McCarroll, a unit soon joined by guitarist, vocalist and lead songwriter Noel Gallagher, Liam's older brother. The band's debut album, "Definitely Maybe", went straight to #1 in the UK Albums Chart and went on to be certified seven-times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and the Canadian Recording Industry Association. Oasis' debut single, "Supersonic", peaked at #31 in the UK Singles Chart.

The follow-up to "Definitely Maybe" was Oasis' highest-selling album to date; "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". It was recorded with new drummer Alan White, and is the third highest-selling album in the United Kingdom as of 2006, with 4.4 million units sold. The album was commercially successful, reaching #1 in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Sweden and Switzerland. It was certified 14 times platinum by the BPI, four times platinum by the RIAA, eight times platinum by the CRIA and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association. The first single from "Morning Glory", "Some Might Say", was also the band's first #1 single. Oasis' third album, "Be Here Now", reached the top spot in the albums charts of nine countries, and was their most successful album in the "Billboard" 200 where it reached #2. In 1998 the band released "The Masterplan", a compilation of B-sides, which reached #2 and was certified platinum in the UK.


Hemichordata

The Hemichordata is a phylum of worm-shaped marine deuterostome animals, generally considered the sister group of the echinoderms. They date back to the Lower or Middle Cambrian and include an important class of fossils called graptolites, most of which became extinct in the Carboniferous.

Living hemichordates are a phylum with two living classes: the enteropneusts and the pterobranchs. Since the hemichordates are the closest living relatives to the chordates, they are of great interest to those studying the origins of chordate development. 

The bodies of Hemichordates are divided into three parts, proboscis, collar and trunk. They have open circulatory systems and a complete digestive tract but the musculature in their gut is very poorly developed, and food is mostly transported through it by using the cilia that cover its inside surface.

A hollow neural tube exists among some species (at least in early life), probably a primitive trait they share with the common ancestor of chordata and the rest of the deuterostomes.

Hemichordates are known to develop in two ways: either directly or indirectly. The enteropneusts have both types of development. The indirect development has a long pelagic larval stage. These species have a larval stage which feeds on plankton before turning into an adult worm. Those species which develop directly bypass this prolonged larval stage and develop straight into an adult worm.

Graptolites are common fossils from the Palaeozoic. They are colonial animals known chiefly from the Upper Cambrian to the Lower Carboniferous (Mississippian). A possible early graptolite, "Chaunograptus", is known from the Middle Cambrian. 

The name graptolite comes from the Greek "graptos", meaning 'written', and "lithos", meaning 'rock'. Many graptolite fossils resemble hieroglyphs written on the rock. Linnaeus originally regarded them as "pictures resembling fossils rather than true fossils". More recent work places them near the pterobranchs, possibly within.
Each graptolite colony is known as a rhabdosome and has a variable number of branches (called "stipes") coming from an initial individual. Each subsequent zooid is housed within a tubular or cup-like structure (called a theca). In some colonies, there are two sizes of theca, and it has been suggested that this difference is due to sexual dimorphism.
The number of branches and the arrangement of the thecae are important features in the identification of graptolite fossils. Their general shape has been compared with that of a hacksaw blade.

Most of the tree-like forms are classified as dendroid graptolites (order Dendroidea). They appear earlier in the fossil record (in the Cambrian), and were benthic animals attached to the sea-floor by a root-like base. Graptolites with relatively few branches were derived from the dendroid graptolites at the beginning of the Ordovician period. This latter type (order Graptoloidea) were pelagic, drifting freely on the surface of ancient seas or attached to floating seaweed by means of a slender thread. They were a successful and prolific group, being the most important animal members of the plankton until they died out in the early part of the Devonian period. The dendroid graptolites survived until the Carboniferous period.

The Acorn worms or Enteropneusta are a Hemichordate class of invertebrates, closely related to the chordates. There are about 70 species of acorn worm in the world, the main species for research being "Saccoglossus kowalevskii".

All species are benthic, and either deposit feeders or suspension feeders. Some of these worms may grow to be very long; one particular species may reach a length of 2.5 meters (almost eight feet), although most acorn worms are much smaller. One genus, "Balanoglossus", is also known as the tongue worm.

Pterobranchia is a clade of small, worm-shaped animals. They belong to the Hemichordata, and live in secreted tubes on the ocean floor. Pterobranchia feed by filtering plankton out of the water with the help of cilia attached to tentacles. There are about 30 known living species in the group.

The class Pterobranchia was established by E. Ray Lankester in 1877. It contained, at that time, the single genus "Rhabdopleura". The publication of the Challenger Report ("Cephalodiscus") in 1887, showed that "Cephalodiscus", the second genus now included in the order, had affinities in the direction of the Enteropneusta.

Studies under an electron microscope have suggested that pterobranchs belong to the same clade as the extinct graptolites.

CraveOnline

CraveOnline is an entertainment website. It is based in Los Angeles and has sales offices in New York, Chicago, and San Francisco. The site is owned by media company AtomicOnline. CraveOnline maintains a network of male-centric sites.


Wibbling Rivalry

"Wibbling Rivalry" is the title of a single released under the name "Oas*s" by the Fierce Panda record label in 1995. It is a recording of John Harris interviewing brothers Noel Gallagher and Liam Gallagher of Oasis in early 1994. The musicians live up to their reputation as fighting siblings by getting sidetracked into an argument over an incident that happened on a ferry. The title is a portmanteau of the expression sibling rivalry and the word wibble.

The single contains a 'Liam Track' featuring predominantly Liam's use of profanities and a 'Noel Track' featuring Noel. "Wibbling Rivalry" holds the record as the highest charting interview release in the UK, reaching number 52 on November 25, 1995. 


William Lloyd Garrison

William Lloyd Garrison (December 13, 1805 – May 24, 1879) was an American abolitionist, meaning he wanted to end slavery in the United States. He wrote a newspaper called "The Liberator". He also worked to allow women to vote. Garrison was born in Massachusetts. He died in New York. 

Animation Magazine

Animation Magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry, including different reviews about film and television animation, visual effects and video games.


Nielsen Media Research

Nielsen Media Research (NMR) is an American company that measures media audiences (people), including television, radio, theatre films and newspapers.



Deus ex machina

Deus ex machina is the Latin version of an ancient Greek phrase "ἀπὸ μηχανῆς θεός". 

The phrase means "the god from the machine". It comes from the theatre of ancient Greece. They had a kind of crane for delivering gods onto the stage on wires.

By extension, the term means a plot device whereby a seemingly impossible problem is suddenly solved by means which do not follow normal logic.

For example, in Euripides' play "Alcestis", the heroine agrees to give up her own life in order to spare the life of her husband, Admetus. At the end Heracles shows up and seizes Alcestis from Death, restoring her to life and to Admetus. A more frequently cited example is Euripides' "Medea" in which the "deus ex machina" is used to take Medea (who has murdered people and babies) away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens.

Aristotle criticized this device in his "Poetics." He argued that the resolution of a plot should follow the logic of the play. It should not come from something outside that logic.

There are many examples of the same dramatic device in modern movies and novels. For example, in H.G. Wells's "War of the Worlds", the aliens attacking Earth are suddenly killed by bacteria. The movie "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" makes fun of this plot device when the heroes barely escape from an animated monster because the animator died from a heart attack before finishing the movie's animation. Since the monster only existed in the animated scenes in the movie, the animator's death caused the monster to completely disappear from the movie.


Dig It (Beatles song)

"Dig It" is a song by The Beatles from their album "Let It Be". The song is credited to Lennon/McCartney/Harrison/Starkey. It is one of the few songs to be credited to all of the Beatles; the others are "Flying" ("Magical Mystery Tour"), "Suzy Parker" ("Let It Be" movie), "12-Bar Original" ("Anthology 2"), "Los Paranoias" ("Anthology 3") and the Beatles' version of "Free as a Bird". 



Length of day

The length of the day is how long a day is. On Earth, it is 24 hours long. There are other planets with different types of day.

This uses Earth time.

The Earth is constantly losing angular velocity and rotational energy through a process called tidal acceleration, which leads to a slow lengthening of the day. Tidal acceleration is an effect of the tidal forces between an orbiting natural satellite (e.g. the Moon), and the primary planet that it orbits (e.g. Earth).

A century ago, the average day was about 1.7 milliseconds shorter than today. In the late Neoproterozoic about 620 million years ago a day had only about 21.9±0.4 hours.


Woman Haters

Woman Haters is the first episode of "The Three Stooges".

Moe, Larry, and Curly join a Woman Haters club. When Larry falls in love, Moe and Curly get mad, for he is breaking the rules of the club. Larry eventually gets married and gets kicked out of the club. Several years later, Larry rejoins (Moe and Curly are still members).

WAZE-TV

WAZE-TV is a TV channel from Evansville, Indiana. It is known as "The C-W 19." It broadcast on digital channel twenty until May 2011, when it stopped operating.

WAAY-TV

WAAY-TV is a TV channel in Huntsville. Its display channel number is 31. It is an ABC station. It once also was an NBC, CBS, and DuMont station.




KTUU

KTUU is a TV channel. Its display channel number is 2. It is an NBC channel. It is located in Anchorage, Alaska.

KPXI

KPXI is a television channel in St. Cloud, Minnesota. It first went on the air in 1982 as KXLI.

Joey Mercury

Adam Birch (born July 18, 1979) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working in the WWE under the name Joey Mercury. He has also wrestled in the indies with the name Joey Matthews. During his time in WWE, he was known for being one-half of the tag team MNM with Johnny Nitro and Melina.

Independent circuit

In pro wrestling, the independent circuit or indy circuit refers to the many wrestling shows that are much smaller than major wrestling companies, like WWE, All Elite Wrestling (AEW), and Impact Wrestling. Some popular "indy promotions" in recent decades have been Ring of Honor (ROH), which is now owned by AEW CEO Tony Khan; CHIKARA, which folded in 2020; Dragon Gate USA (DGUSA), which folded in 2015; Major League Wrestling (MLW), and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).

White-crested cockatoo

The white-crested cockatoo (binomial name Cacatua alba), is a bird. It is also called the white cockatoo and the umbrella cockatoo. It is one of a larger group of birds in the family Cacatuidae. Cockatoos are a kind of parrot.

The birds in this genus are outdoor birds in Australia and the islands north of Australia and including the Philippines. 

Cockatoos have black bills made of keratin. They have black feet. The white-crested cockatoo is about 17.5 inches long.

The White Cockatoo is considered vulnerable by the IUCN. Its numbers in the wild have declined owing to capture for the cage bird trade and habitat loss.\ It is listed in appendix II of the CITES list which gives it protection by restricting export and import of wild-caught birds. BirdLife International indicates that catch quotas issued by the Indonesian government were 'exceeded by up to 18 times in some localities' in 1991. RSPCA supported surveys by the Indonesian NGO ProFauna suggest that significant levels of trade in wild-caught White Cockatoos still occur, with 200+ taken from the wild in north Halmahera in 2007. Approximately 40% of the parrots (White Cockatoo, Chattering Lory, Violet-necked Lory and Eclectus Parrot) caught in Halmahera are smuggled to the Philippines, while approximately 60% go to the domestic Indonesian trade, especially via bird markets in Surabaya and Jakarta.

Roraiman barbtail

The Roraiman barbtail ("Roraimia adusta") is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is placed in the monotypic genus Roraimia. 

It is found in Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


Fuckin' in the Bushes

"Fuckin' in the Bushes" is the first track on British band Oasis' fourth studio album, "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants".

The song was frequently used as the first song in Oasis' concerts, such as on their "Don't Believe the Truth" Tour, played on a tape. It contains samples taken from Murray Lerner's movie "Message to Love - Isle of Wight 1970". It is featured during the climactic scene of the movie "Snatch," and it was played when Oasis received their award for Outstanding Contribution to Music.

Professional wrestler Nigel McGuinness used the song as his entrance theme.

Bowling for Soup have used the song as an intro on the UK leg of their Get Happy Tour.

It is used on the ITV television program James Corden's World Cup Live.

On March 27th 2021 Campbell Hatton (son of Ricky) used the song as his entrance song for his debut fight in Gibraltar. 

Sauber Grand Prix results

The table below details the complete World Championship Grand Prix results for the Sauber Formula One team. 

Jump to: 2000 2010

Quaker Oats Company

The Quaker Oats Company is an American food division business headquarted in Chicago. Quaker's products include, oatmeal, cereal, and granola bars. Since 2001, Quaker Oats Company is owned by PepsiCo, Inc..

Quaker Oats was founded in 1901 as the four oat mills merged:


In 1969 Quaker got Fisher-Price, a toy business. Fisher-Price stopped being owned by Quaker in 1991.

In 1983, Quaker bought Stokely-Van Camp, Incorporated. The company makes Gatorade.

In 1994, Quaker bought Snapple for $1.7 billion. Quaker sold it to Triarc in 1997 for $300 million.

In August 2001, Quaker was bought out by Pepsico because Pepsi wanted to own Gatorade and be in the sports beverage market. 

Since the late 1980s, actor Wilford Brimley has appeared in television commercials.

The brands in the United States:

The brands in the United Kingdom:


Toyota Sienna

The Toyota Sienna is a family-sized minivan that is built by Toyota in Princeton, Indiana. Four generations of the Toyota Sienna have been produced since 1997. Both the second and third generations received an overall "Good" score from the IIHS and a 4-star rating for frontal and side impacts from the NHTSA.

The second generation of the Sienna was sold for the 2003 - 2010 model years with seating for 7 passengers and featured a 3.3L V6 from the start, which was later replaced by a 3.5L V6. The third generation was sold for the 2011 - 2020 model years and is powered by the 3.5L V6 with 265 hp and still seats seven to eight passengers. The fourth generation has been sold since the 2021 model year and is powered by a 2.5L four-cylinder engine with a hybrid system, with 245 hp.


Cloister

A Cloister is a term in architecture. It describes a structure which is usually found in monasteries, churches and old colleges. It is a rectangular open space surrounded by covered walks or open galleries. It has open arcades on the inner side, running along the walls of buildings and forming a quadrangle. 

Chevrolet Lumina

The Chevrolet Lumina is a mid-sized sedan that is built by the Chevrolet brand. The Lumina was produced in North America from 1990 to 2001 and is currently being produced in the Middle East and South Africa. The Lumina has four generations, the first generation was a mid-sized 2-door coupe and 4-door sedan and was produced from 1990 to 1994, The second generation which is a mid-sized 4-door sedan and was produced from 1995-2001, The third generation which was a mid-sized 4-door sedan and was produced from 1998 to 2006 and the fourth generation which is a mid-sized 4-door sedan and is produced from 2006 to present. The Lumina is manufactured by General Motors company. The Lumina could be bought in a minivan, coupe or sedan. In North America Chevrolet discontinued the Lumina in 2000 due to dwindling sales and the success of the reborn Impala. The Lumina nameplate was still used in some markets, in parts of Asia it was applied to the mid-sized Buick Century/Regal and a badge engineered version of the Holden Commodore sports sedan.

Vyatskoye, Khabarovsk Krai

Vyatskoye or Viatskoe is a village in Russia. It is on the river Amur.


Scaffold

A scaffold is a temporary structure used for support. Originally scaffolds were made of wood, and bamboo scaffolds are still used in many parts of the world. In the western world they are now made of metal.

The most common use of scaffolds is to allow work on buildings. Another use of the word was the wooden platforms built for executions. This is now a rare use of the word.
Wooden & Bamboo Scaffolding: Bamboo scaffolding is more common outside of North America and Europe. Pre-cut lumber was the most common type of scaffolding until steel, and the fabrication of materials, became much more affordable. Bamboo is more commonly used in Asia where it’s favored for strength, flexibility, and eco-friendliness.

Tube & Clamp Scaffolding: This is one of the earliest types of steel scaffolding and consists of two parts, including the tubes and clips, sometimes called ‘couples.’ The idea is really simple, and one reason why it’s so popular is because of the ease in assembly and disassembly. To erect the scaffold, you need to connect tubes together to make long runs and then connect the verticals and horizontals together with clamps built specifically for these tubes. 

Systems Scaffolding: Sometimes referred to as "modular scaffolding", systems scaffolding consists primarily of vertical and horizontal pre-engineered components that connect together in a systematic fashion.

Systems scaffolding is likely the most used type of scaffolding across the globe and there are hundreds of manufacturers, each having specific efficiencies. Some perform well in very highly loaded conditions and others are more suited to smaller repeated scaffold structures.

Cuplock Systems Scaffolding: Commonly made from galvanized steel, cuplock systems scaffolding is popular for its ability to support heavy loads. With cuplocks at every 500mm to 1,000mm, this type of scaffolding creates highly standardized systems that work well for scaffolding designs with repeated patterns.

David Legwand

David A. Legwand (born August 17, 1980) is a American former professional ice hockey center. He played for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Nashville Predators and the Detroit Red Wings.

Before playing in the NHL, Legwand played 2 seasons with the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Legwand won the Red Tilson Award for being the most outstanding player in the league.

He was drafted 2nd overall by the Nashville Predators in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. After playing 15-years with the Predators, he was traded to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for Patrick Eaves, Calle Järnkrok, and a conditional 2014 draft pick. Legwand played 21 regular season games with Detroit.

On July 4, 2014, he signed a two-year, $6 million contract with the Ottawa Senators.


Precinct

A precinct is a closed or clearly marked space which belongs to an organisation. Around some main buildings, such as a cathedral or college, is a space. This space may have other buildings in it, and usually has a wall round it. The whole area has one owner (such as the church). People may only come into the precinct if they are allowed: it is not a public space, even though members of the public may use it. For example, students and staff may enter a college, but visitors will have to give reasons at the entry.

The concept of a precinct is mediaeval. Towns, churches, palaces, colleges were places of limited access. They were surrounded by walls and guarded.

Tim Lincecum

Timothy Leroy Lincecum (born June 15, 1984 in Bellevue, Washington) is a Filipino American baseball player. He is currently a free agent of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Lincecum was the NL Cy Young Award winner in 2009 and 2008, won the Golden Spikes Award in 2006 and led Major League Baseball with 265 strikeouts in 2008.


Jack Nicklaus

Jack William Nicklaus (born January 21, 1940 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American golfer who is known for winning the most victories in major championships with 18 wins. Nicklaus became the oldest golfer to win The Masters Tournament when he won in 1986 and holds the record for most top tens (22), and the most cuts made (37).

Syfy

Syfy (; the same way as "sci-fi"), formerly known as the Sci-Fi Channel, is an American cable television channel that specializes in science fiction, fantasy, horror, professional wrestling, and paranormal programming. Launched on 24 September 1992, it is part of the entertainment conglomerate NBC Universal. The name Syfy was officially adopted on 7 July 2009.


Art of East Asia

Arts of the Far East include:



Matthew McConaughey

Matthew David McConaughey (born November 4, 1969 in Uvalde, Texas) is an American actor. McConaughey made his big screen debut in the 1993 movie "My Boyfriend's Back". He received great acclaim for his role as Mud in the 2012 movie "Mud" as well as his role in the 2013 movie "Dallas Buyers Club".
In recent years, he has been active in charity work and education.


Hung Ga

Hung Ga , Hung Kuen , or Hung Ga Kuen is a type of southern Chinese martial art.


Jesse Eisenberg

Jesse Adam Eisenberg (born October 5, 1983 in Queens, New York) is an American actor. He is known for playing the roles of Walt Berkman in "The Squid and the Whale", James Brennan in "Adventureland", "Columbus" in "Zombieland", Mark Zuckerberg in "The Social Network", Blu in "Rio" and as Lex Luthor in "" (2016). Eisenberg received an Academy Award nomination for "The Social Network". 

Eisenberg grew up in a non-religious Jewish family. His name Eisenberg translated from German means: iron mountain or mountain of iron. He was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2010. 
Eisenberg is fond of cats and has been involved in fostering the animals. He is a vegan. In 2013, he began dating his "The Double" co-star Mia Wasikowska. The two split in 2015.

Anna strout Was in a relationship with Jesse Eisenberg from 2002 to 2012 and then they got back together in 2015. They have a son together (b.April 2017). and they married in 2017.


Southern Praying Mantis (martial art)

Southern Praying Mantis (南派螳螂) is a Chinese martial art and native to the Hakka people.



Northern Shaolin (martial art)

Northern Shaolin (; Pinyin: Běi Shàolín, Cantonese: Pek Sil Lum) is one of the Chinese martial arts and is coming from the Northern Shaolin Monastery in Henan. 


Tai chi chuan

Tai chi chuan (; ), also known as "Supreme Ultimate Fist", is an internal Chinese martial art which is practiced for both its defense training and health benefits. 





TVShowsOnDVD.com

TVShowsOnDVD.com is a website dedicated to cataloging, campaigning for, and reporting news about Region 1 television series releases on DVD. 


JB Hi-Fi

JB Hi-Fi is an Australian CD, DVD, Blu-ray disc, video game and consumer electronics chain store.


Charlie Sands (ice hockey)

Charles Henry Sands (May 23, 1911 in Fort William, Ontario – April 6, 1953) was a Canadian professional hockey right winger who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins, Montreal Canadiens and New York Rangers. Sands won the Stanley Cup with the Boston Bruins in 1939.

EzyDVD

EzyDVD is the largest online and off-line specialist DVD retailer in Australia.


Steve Rucchin

Steven Andrew Rucchin (; born July 4, 1971 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey centre.


The Hollywood Reporter

The Hollywood Reporter is an American magazine. 



NTSC

NTSC, also known as National Television System Committee, is the analog television system in North America, South America, Myanmar, Hong Kong (from 1974-2006). South Korea, Taiwan, Brunei Darussalam (from 1975-2002), Japan, Philippines, and some Pacific island nations and territories.




Saku Koivu

Saku Antero Koivu (born November 23, 1974 in Turku, Finland) is a former Finnish professional ice hockey player and an alternate captain of the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He began his NHL career with the Montreal Canadiens in 1995–96 after three seasons with TPS of the Finnish SM-liiga. Koivu served as the Canadiens' captain for nine of his thirteen seasons with the club (not including the locked-out 2004–05 season), which makes his the second longest captaincy tenure in team history after Jean Béliveau. Koivu was the first European to captain the Montreal Canadiens.

On September 6, 2001, Koivu was diagnosed with Burkitt's lymphoma, a non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and he nearly all of the 2001–02 season. After he had been suffering serious pains in his stomach and was vomiting went to see the Canadiens' physician David Mulder, who, after many tests discovered the cancer. He was expected to miss the season but he made a comeback in time for the last few games. The fans gave Koivu an eight-minute standing ovation when he skated onto the Molson Centre ice for the first time on April 9, 2002. For both his courage and his off-ice team leadership while he was undergoing cancer treatment, Koivu was awarded the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy following the 2002 playoffs.





Cliff Barton

Clifford John Barton (September 3, 1907 in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan – September 14, 1969) was an American professional ice hockey right winger.

Barton played three seasons in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Quakers, and New York Rangers. He was the last former Pittsburgh Pirates member to play in the NHL.

Edmond Bouchard

Edmond Bouchard (May 24, 1892 in Saint-Étienne-des-Grès, Quebec – July 18, 1955) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who sometimes doubled as a defenceman.

Inorganic chemistry

Inorganic chemistry is the branch of chemistry which studies the elements, and inorganic compounds. 

Inorganic chemistry can be defined simply as all chemistry which is not organic chemistry. Organic chemistry is basically the study of carbon compounds. Inorganic chemistry studies the elements (including carbon), and all compounds other than carbon compounds. There are a few exceptions to this rule, but this definition covers most cases. 


Jake Forbes

Vernor Vivian "Jake, Jumpin' Jackie" Forbes (July 4, 1897 in Toronto, Ontario – December 30, 1985), was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played thirteen seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto St. Patricks, Hamilton Tigers, New York Americans and Philadelphia Quakers.


Amos Arbour

Joseph Hermas "Amos, Butch" Arbour (January 26, 1895 in Waubaushene, Ontario – November 1, 1943) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 7 seasons in the National Hockey Association and 6 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, Hamilton Tigers and Toronto St. Pats. He was a member of the original Canadiens team in the 1909–10 NHA season.

Harry Cameron

Harold Hugh "Cammie" Cameron (February 6, 1890 – October 20, 1953) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played professionally for the Toronto Blueshirts, Toronto Arenas, Ottawa Senators, Toronto St. Pats and Montreal Canadiens. Cameron won three Stanley Cups in his career. His first as a member of the 1913–14 Toronto Blueshirts, his second as a member of the 1917–18 Blueshirts and his third as a member of the 1921–22 Toronto St. Pats (all predecessor clubs of the Toronto Maple Leafs).


Rusty Crawford

Samuel Russell Crawford (November 7, 1885 – December 19, 1971) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played for the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey Association (NHA), Ottawa Senators and Toronto Arenas of the National Hockey League (NHL) and Saskatoon Crescents, Calgary Tigers and Vancouver Maroons of the Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL). He was a two-time Stanley Cup champion, winning the trophy with the Bulldogs in 1913 and the Areans in 1918. Crawford was one of the sport's early stars and appeared in 258 games in the three major leagues, scoring 110 goals. He was added to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962.


Eddie Carpenter

Everard Lorne Carpenter (June 15, 1890 in Hartford, Michigan – April 30, 1963 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who played two seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Quebec Bulldogs and Hamilton Tigers.

Although born in Michigan, Eddie grew up in the Lachute-Brownsburg, Quebec area where his parents lived until they moved to Red Deer, Alberta in 1913.

Eddie moved to Port Arthur, Ontario in 1909 to work for the Canadian Northern Railway. He played the defensive position of cover point with the semi-professional Thunder Bay Hockey Club in 1910, then during the hockey seasons of 1910-11 & 1911-12 for the Port Arthur Hockey Club. The team (which included Jack Walker) defeated Prince Albert for the Western Canadian championship, then went on to play the Ottawa Senators on March 16, 1911 for the Stanley Cup; they were defeated by the NHA team. He played with the Moncton Victorias in the 1912-13 season and the New Glasgow Black Foxes in 1913-14. He won a Stanley Cup with the 1917 Seattle Metropolitans.

After retiring from professional hockey in 1921, Eddie became the trainer, coach and manager for the Port Arthur Hockey Club which won two Allan Cups in 1924-25 and 1925-26. He served as councilor of the city of Port Arthur in 1941. About 1945, he moved to Winnipeg, and in approximately 1954 he retired from his job as a locomotive engineer, having worked for the Canadian National Railways.

National Hockey League - Regular Season

Alex Wellington

Alexander Robertson "Duke" Wellington (August 4, 1893 – September 20, 1967) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Wellington played senior ice hockey and one game in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Bulldogs during the 1919–20 NHL season.

Barry Boughner

Barry Michael Boughner (born January 29, 1948 in Delhi, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 20 National Hockey League games with the Oakland Seals/California Golden Seals, going scoreless with 11 penalty minutes.

Boughner served as head coach for the Niagara Falls Flyers of the Ontario Hockey Association for a portion of the 1979–80 season.

Lyle Bradley

Walter Lyle Bradley (July 31, 1943 in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan – August 12, 2022) was a Canadian ice hockey centre. He played 6 NHL games with the California Golden Seals and Cleveland Barons.

Bradley died on August 12, 2022 at the age of 79.

Gary Croteau

Gary "Crow" Croteau (born June 20, 1946 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward. He played with the Colorado Rockies of the National Hockey League (NHL).


Chuck Arnason

Ernest Charles "Chuck" Arnason (born July 15, 1951 in Ashern, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right wing who played 401 games over 8 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, Atlanta Flames, Pittsburgh Penguins, Kansas City Scouts, Cleveland Barons, Colorado Rockies, Minnesota North Stars and Washington Capitals. He is the father of ice hockey player Tyler Arnason.



Rick Adduono

Rick Norman Adduono (born January 25, 1955 in Fort William, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player in the World Hockey Association and National Hockey League as well as a coach in various minor leagues.

Len Frig

Leonard Elroy Frig (born October 23, 1950 in Lethbridge, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 311 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Oakland Seals, Cleveland Barons, and St. Louis Blues.

Dan Bouchard

Daniel Hector Bouchard (born December 12, 1950, in Val-d'Or, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Atlanta Flames, Calgary Flames, Quebec Nordiques, and Winnipeg Jets.


Taylor Pyatt

Taylor William Pyatt (born August 19, 1981 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the New York Rangers. Drafted out of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), he played major-junior with the Sudbury Wolves. He has previously played for the New York Islanders, Buffalo Sabres, Vancouver Canucks and Phoenix Coyotes in the NHL.


Leslie Caron

Leslie Caron (born 1 July 1931) is a French-American dancer and actress.

Caron was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France to a French father and an American mother. She began taking ballet lessons at age 10 and joined Roland Petit's Ballet des Champs-Elysée in 1947 and quickly became one of the lead dancers of the company. 

Noticed by Gene Kelly, she went to Hollywood to appear with him in the film "An American in Paris" (1951), which introduced her to the American public. She went on to appear in other musical films such as "Lili" (1953), for which she won a BAFTA Award for best actress, "The Glass Slipper" (1955), "Daddy Long Legs" (1955), opposite Fred Astaire, "Gaby" (1956) and "Gigi" (1958), to considerable acclaim. 

In the 1960s, she turned to more dramatic roles in "Fanny" (1961), "The L-Shaped Room" (1962), which earned her a Golden Globe Award and a second BAFTA for best actress. She returned to romantic-comedy with "Father Goose" (1964), opposite Cary Grant. She also appeared in the war-thriller "Is Paris Burning?" (1966). 

She has continued to work in films and on television in the United States and France: "Carola" (1973), "QB VII" (1974), "The Man Who Loved Women" (1977), "Valentino" (1977), "Chocolat" (2000), and "Law and Order" (2006), for which she won an Emmy Award. 

She was married to British stage director Peter Hall from 1956 until 1965, with whom she had two children, Christopher (b. 1957) and Jennifer (b. 1958). From 1994 to 1995, she was partners with Robert Wolders.

In 2008, Caron claimed her American citizenship because her mother was born in the United States. She became a citizen in time to vote for Barack Obama for President.


Where Did It All Go Wrong?

"Where Did It All Go Wrong?" is a single by the rock band Oasis. The song was released on the album "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants", and was written by guitarist Noel Gallagher.

The song is one of two songs on "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants" that has Noel Gallagher on lead vocals. He said front man Liam Gallagher did not get to sing the song because: "[Vocally] Liam just couldn't get that one. The melody shifts quite a lot... Liam hasn't got that dynamism in his voice."

Noel stated that the lyrics of the song are about a circle of friends that he was involved with at one time in his life, as well as being semi-autobiographical.

Although not released as a commercial single, the song was released as a radio-single in the United States, where the song received airplay but did not chart due to no official release.


Jackson Rathbone

Monroe Jackson Rathbone V (born 21 December 1984) is an American actor and singer.

Casnate con Bernate

Casnate con Bernate is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 km north of Milan and about 5 km south of Como. As of 1 January 2009, it had a population of 4,850 and an area of 5.3 km².

Casnate con Bernate borders the following municipalities: Como, Cucciago, Fino Mornasco, Grandate, Luisago, Senna Comasco.

The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday

The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday is an EP from the American rock band 12 Stones. It was released on July 20, 2010 by Wind-up Records and debuted at #103 on the Billboard 200, and it peaked at #5 in the Christian albums chart.

At first, the band was going to release a full album but due to their record label, they were forced to release an EP. It's a 5 track EP which has the single "We Are One". "We Are One" was also the entrance theme for the WWE group, The Nexus.



Tom Felton

Thomas Andrew "Tom" Felton (born 22 September 1987) is an English actor and singer. Felton was born in Epsom, Surrey. He is best known for portraying the character Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter movies. Felton has also won a MTV Movie Award for "Best Villain" in the film version of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince in 2010.


Persistent vegetative state

A persistent vegetative state is what happens when a person in a coma becomes somewhat aware of what is happening around them. However, they have little or no control over their body. Most people who are in a PVS cannot live without medicine or machinery, such as a ventilator.

Bryan Danielson

Bryan Danielson (born May 22, 1981) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under his real name. He is also known for his time in the WWE where he wrestled under the ring name, Daniel Bryan. He is also known by his nickname, the American Dragon.

In wrestling, Danielson is a four -time WWE Champion, one-time World Heavyweight Champion. He has won the ROH World Championship in Ring of Honor (ROH) once. Also, Danielson has won the PWG World Championship in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) twice, the FIP Heavyweight Championship once in Full Impact Pro and the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship once in Pro Wrestling Noah. He was the last ROH Pure Champion. He combined the Pure title with the ROH World Title in 2006. He also won the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship in New Japan Pro Wrestling with Curry Man. In 2015, he won the WWE Intercontinental champion.

Until 2009, Danielson only wrestled on the indy scene. ROH was his home promotion, but he also worked in FIP, PWG, and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). He has also worked worldwide, most notably in Pro Wrestling Noah through ROH's involvement in the Global Professional Wrestling Alliance, a global team of wrestling promotions that allow their competitors to travel abroad to other companies. He also competed in a some matches in WWE before signing an actual contract with the company in 2009. In June 2010, shortly after the end of the first season of the "WWE NXT" show which Danielson was in, WWE announced that he had been released from his contract. But, at SummerSlam, he returned.





Michael Tarver

Tyrone Evans (born March 8, 1977 in Akron, Ohio) is an American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name Michael Tarver. During his time with WWE he was a part of the first season of NXT. He was eliminated along with Daniel Bryan in the first round. Tarver debuted on Raw as a part of the professional wrestling stable, The Nexus. On June 13, 2011, He was released from his WWE contract. He currently wrestles for Florida Underground Wrestling.

Pro Wrestling Illustrated ranked Tarver #343 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2010.

Tarver's finishing move is the Tarver's Lightning which is a Reverse thrown scoop powerslam.


Ryback

Ryan Reeves (born November 10, 1981 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an American professional wrestler. He formally wrestled for the WWE under the ring name Ryback. He was formerly known under the ring name Skip Sheffield and was a former member of the wrestling stable, The Nexus.

On November 24th, Ryback would tweet on X saying that if Cm punk returned at wwe’s PLE Survivor series in Chicago he would retire from professional wrestling. A day later Cm punk would shockingly return at survivor series thus putting an end to rybacks career.



Greg Johnson (ice hockey)

Gregory C. Johnson (March 16, 1971 – July 7, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League.

Bill Houlder

William Houlder (born March 11, 1967 in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. In his NHL career, Houlder appeared in 846 games. He scored 59 goals and added 191 assists.

Hurricane Marilyn

Hurricane Marilyn was the fifteenth tropical depression and thirteenth named storm of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Marilyn was the strongest storm to hit the Virgin Islands since Hurricane Hugo of 1989, and caused thirteen deaths and more than $2 billion in damage.

Marilyn formed on September 13, and grew to hurricane strength soon after. Marilyn made landfall on the Lesser Antilles on September 14, 1995 at Category 1 strength. By the time it reached the U.S. Virgin Islands, Marilyn was a Category 3 strength hurricane. After heading north past Bermuda, Marilyn weakened and became an extratropical cyclone before dying out just south of Nova Scotia on October 1, 1995.

Marilyn came from a tropical wave that formed off the African coast to the eastern Atlantic Ocean on September 7 and September 8. Large, low-level winds were included in the wave's circulation. However, little convection existed. The system continued west for a few days at about . On September 12, what was to be Hurricane Marilyn was named Tropical Depression Fifteen after convection increased. TD-15 strengthened quickly, and became Tropical Storm Marilyn six hours later. Four hours later Tropical Storm Marilyn became Hurricane Marilyn.

For the next few days, Marilyn went towards the northwest. Marilyn was a Category 1-hurricane when the center of the storm passed north of Barbados. Marilyn passed over Dominica, and just southwest of Guadeloupe on September 14. The hurricane continued moving and made landfall in the U.S. Virgin Islands on September 15 with winds of . The center of Marilyn passed over Saint Thomas. After passing over Puerto Rico, Marilyn was back in the Atlantic Ocean on September 16.

An eye started appearing in Marilyn and the storm reached a peak intensity of 949 millibars with winds of 115 mph, a Category 3-major hurricane. Marilyn peaked at this time with winds at 120-125 mph winds instead of 115 mph.
Marilyn started weakening fast, falling from its highest winds of down to 102 mph. The central pressure rose 20 mbars in 10 hours. The fast weakening was from the weakening eyewall and especially uneasy waters from the previous storm Hurricane Luis. Marilyn speed up towards Bermuda on September 18, passing about west of the island on September 19. Marilyn weakened from a hurricane to a low front on September 20. The remaining circulation continued over the central Atlantic Ocean for another 10 days before becoming absorbed in a frontal low.

A Hurricane Hunter scouting flight reported hail, which is unusual for tropical cyclones.

Seventeen watches and warnings were issued with Marilyn. The first two were a tropical storm watch and a tropical storm warning issued on Barbados, St. Vincent, Grenadines, St. Lucia and Grenada on September 12 at 2200 UTC. Five hours later, a tropical storm watch was issued for Trinidad and Tobago. A tropical storm warning was issued for St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Grenadines, Grenada and Tobago at 900 UTC September 13. At 2100 UTC, a Hurricane Warning was issued for Barbados, St. Vincent, Grenadines, St. Lucia and a hurricane watch for Dominica. A hurricane watch as released for Martinique on the 14th. The 2100 UTC September 13 was extended for the Grenadines through St. Martin, except Guadeloupe, St. Barthelemy and French portion of St. Martin. At 1500 UTC, Puerto Rico was put under a Hurricane Watch. At 1700 UTC, Guadeloupe, St. Barthelemy, and the French part of St. Martin were put under a hurricane watch. Four hours later, Puerto Rico, U.S. and British Virgin Islands, and Guadeloupe were put under a hurricane warning.

In the night, many watches and warnings were stopped. At 1500 UTC September 15, Dominican Republic from Cabrera to Cabo Engano were put under a hurricane watch as Marilyn approached. During the night of September 16, all active watches and warnings were stopped. At close to the same time, a new Hurricane watch was released for Turks and Caicos and Mayaguana, Acklins, and the Crooked Islands of the southeastern Bahamas. This warning was removed within 48 hours. At 1500 UTC September 18, Bermuda went under a Tropical Storm Watch, which was upgraded to a warning in six hours. The warning was removed on September 19.

The 250,000 people living in the Barbados spent the night of September 13 in shelters.

Marilyn caused a lot of damage and 13 deaths in the United States Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. Rainfall on land was anywhere from 4 to 7 inches.

Rainfalls over 12-hours in Guadeloupe were up to in Saint-Claude, 19.09 inches in Guillard-Basse-Terre and 17.63 in Gaba. The highest wind gust reported in Guadeloupe was 84 mph in Marie-Galante. The next ones were in Raizet and in Desirade. The highest sustained winds reported in Guadeloupe was in Marie-Galante.
Minimal pressure recorded at 989 mb (29.20 In Hg) in Basse-Terre.

Marilyn was one of the three cyclones that affected the region in 1995 after Tropical Storm Iris and Hurricane Luis.

The highest wind speed left by Marilyn after passing over the island of St. Croix was . The highest rainfalls reported were in Annually, 9.96 inches in Red Hook Bay and 5.25 in Granard. The highest storm surge reported was in St. Thomas and in St. Croix. According to NOAA, The storm surge in the U.S. Virgin Islands reached 6 to , with an isolated storm tide of reported on St. Croix. Rainfall totals reached about 10 inches in St. Croix and St. Thomas.

The highest reported gusts were in a Noncommissioned Automated Surface Observing System and gusts in Sailboat Puffin at Green Cay. The highest sustained winds were in a Noncommissioned Automated Surface Observing System.
Marilyn was the cause of seven deaths, most due to drowning on boats. Ten thousand people were left homeless on St. Thomas. Most buildings sustained some damage.

The island of St. Thomas was the hardest hit by the storm, where about 80% of the homes and businesses were destroyed, including a hospital and the water purification plant. Five people were killed. Elsewhere in the territory, there was severe damage on St. Croix and St. John.

President Bill Clinton made the U.S. Virgin Islands a federal disaster area, making it available to federal aid.

The highest rainfalls in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Marilyn were , and the greatest gusts reported were in Culebra. Marilyn passed over the islands of Vieques and Culebra, where it caused much damage.

There were reports of broad flash flooding across northern and eastern Puerto Rico. One person was killed in Culebra. President Bill Clinton declared Puerto Rico a federal disaster area, making it available to federal aid.

100 homes on Culebra Island were destroyed by Marilyn. Another two hundred homes on the island were damaged.

The highest reported wind gust in Antigua was . The Antigua Meteorological Service reported that the island had broad flooding and damage to banana trees. The other damage reported was from the wind.

Bermuda reported sustained winds of 45 mph and a highest gust of . Antigua reported sustained winds of . In St. Maarten, sustained winds were 42½ mph and the peak gust was . Rainfalls in St. Maarten peaked at 3.35 inches in an unknown location. "The New York Times" reported that the British Virgin Islands had little to no damage from Marilyn.

Relief supplies in the wake of Hurricane Marilyn were sent to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Officials of FEMA set up camps on the islands to give out food, water and shelter supplies.

80% of the homes on St. Thomas were destroyed or damaged. Also, 20 to 30% of businesses were destroyed. More than 2,100 federal agency personnel had been sent out to help out with the cleanup from Hurricane Marilyn. Four contracts were quickly accepted for immediate building repairs. Diving teams were sent to check for harbor damage and United States Navy Seabees started working on fixing public buildings. The airport in St. Thomas was open for flight using a mobile control tower. The St. Thomas hospital was open, but was running on generators.

The first FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers opened on 23 September on St. Thomas. A report indicated that by 11 October 1500 loans were granted for home repair, mostly for under $2500. Over 19,000 disaster housing applications were filed with over 2800 being accepted. About 5000 of 15,000 assigned inspections were completed. Over 7800 applications for Individual and Family Grants had been received and, of the 4,000 SBA loan applications filed, 43 had been approved for a total of $744,100 - an average loan of $17,300.

In all, Marilyn caused $1.5 billion (1995 USD) in damage, killing 13 people in its path.



Heath Slater

Heath Miller (born July 15, 1983 in Pineville, West Virginia) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Impact Wrestling under the ring name Heath. He is also known for his time in the WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Heath Slater. He was a member of the stables 3MB and The Nexus.

Slater has won the WWE Tag Team Championship three times with Justin Gabriel. He also won a Slammy Award in 2010 for the debut of The Nexus. Slater's finishing move is the "Smash Hit" which is a spinning lifting DDT.


Tomáš Kaberle

Tomáš Kaberle (born March 2, 1978 in Rakovník, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional Czech ice hockey defenceman that played for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1998 to 2011, the Boston Bruins in 2011 and the Carolina Hurricanes in 2011. He was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 204th overall pick in the 2003 NHL Draft. He played in the Czech Extraliga for the HC Kladno where he played four seasons. He won the Stanley Cup with the Bruins on June 15, 2011 when the Bruins defeated the Vancouver Canucks in game 7 by a score of 4-0.


Margot Frank

Margot Betti Frank ( ) was the older sister of Anne Frank. She was born in Frankfurt and died of typhus in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. According to the famous diary of her sister Anne, Margot was keeping a diary as well, but no trace of Margot's diary has ever been found. Quiet, polite Margot was very different from her energetic, friendly sister Anne. She was the elder daughter of Otto Frank (1889 – 1980), a German businessman, and Edith Frank-Holländer (1900 – 45). She was named after her mother's sister. According to Anne's diary, Margot wanted to be a midwife in Palestine.

On 13 March 1933, elections were held in Frankfurt, and Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party won. Acts of Antisemitism began almost immediately. The Franks were afraid of what might happen to them if they stayed in Germany. Therefore, later that year, Edith, Anne, and Margot went to Aachen. They stayed there with Edith's mother, Rosa Holländer. Otto remained in Frankfurt, but after getting an offer to start a company in Amsterdam, he moved there to begin the business and to find a place to live with his family. The Franks were included in the 300,000 Jews who ran away from Germany between 1933 and 1939.

Anne often felt jealousy about her sister, whom she thought was pretty, clever, and everyone's favorite, and Margot was not often mentioned in her diary. However, when the sisters went into hiding, they became closer towards each other. On 12 January 1944, Anne wrote, "Margot's much not nearly so catty these days and is becoming a real friend. She no longer thinks of me as a little baby who doesn't count." 

Anne and Margot Frank died February 1945.


The American (2010 movie)

The American is a 2010 American thriller-drama movie that was based on the novel "A Very Private Gentleman" by Martin Booth. The movie was directed by Anton Corbijn. The movie was shot and set in Abruzzo. The movie was released on September 1, 2010 and gained a mediocre response from critics.



Easy A

Easy A is an American teen comedy movie. It is set in Ojai, California. It was inspired by the novel "The Scarlet Letter" by Nathaniel Hawthorne. The movie was directed by Will Gluck and written by Gluck, Zane Devine and Mark Benton Johnson. The movie was released on September 17, 2010 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 87% which is rated as "fresh" and Metacritic gave the movie a 72% out of 100.



Joe Flacco

Joseph Vincent Flacco (born January 16, 1985 in Audubon, New Jersey) is an American football starting quarterback. In 2008, he joined the Baltimore Ravens. Flacco was drafted out of the University of Delaware by the Baltimore Ravens with the 18th pick in the first round of the 2008 NFL Draft. Flacco threw for 2,971 yards, 14 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions while he started all 16 regular season games and became only the eighth rookie quarterback in NFL history to start a playoff game. He had repeated success in 2009 (21touchdowns, 12 interceptions) and 2010 (25 touchdowns, 10 interceptions), as well as 2009 (20 touchdown passes, 11 interceptions). He also has five career rushing touchdowns including the postseason. Flacco has gotten Baltimore to the playoffs in his first four NFL seasons; he is the first quarterback in league history to do so. Flacco is known for a strong arm and quiet personality.

Flacco led the Ravens to a 34-31 win against the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII. He was also named the Super Bowl MVP of the game.

He was traded to Denver for a fourth round pick in the NFL Draft.


Troy Smith

Troy Smith (born July 20, 1984 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American former professional football quarterback. He played for 3 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, San Francisco 49ers, and Pittsburgh Steelers. He also played for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League (UFL). Smith was drafted out of the Ohio State University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 174th pick in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. 

On October 16, 2014, the Alouettes released Smith. He retired afterwards.


Kyle Boller

Kyle Bryan Boller (born June 17, 1981 in Burbank, California) is an American former football quarterback. He played for parts of 8 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, St. Louis Rams, and Oakland Raiders. Boller was drafted out of the University of California by the Baltimore Ravens with the 19th pick in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He also played for the St. Louis Rams in 2009. Boller has been considered a professional bust, as his success with any of his NFL teams was very limited, unlike his college football career. 

Boller is married to former Miss California, Carrie Prejean.

On July 27, 2012, Boller signed a deal with the San Diego Chargers. However, he didn't play for them and retired the next day.


St Albans Cathedral

St Albans Cathedral (formerly St Albans Abbey) is an Anglican church in St Albans, Hertfordshire. At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England. Much of its architecture dates from Norman times. It became a cathedral in 1877. Local residents often call it "the Abbey", though the cathedral is only the church of the old Benedictine abbey.

The church is legally a cathedral. However, it differs in certain ways from most of the other cathedrals in England. It is also used as a parish church, of which the Dean is rector. He has the same powers, responsibilities, and duties as the rector of any other parish.

Alban was a pagan living in the Roman city of Verulamium. Verulamium is where St Albans is now, in Hertfordshire, England, about north of London along Watling Street. 

Before Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire, local Christians were being persecuted by the Romans. Alban sheltered their priest, Amphibalus, in his home and was converted to the Christian faith by him. When the soldiers came to Alban's house looking for the priest, Alban exchanged cloaks with the priest and let himself be arrested in his stead. Alban was taken before the magistrate, where he avowed his new Christian faith and was condemned for it. He was beheaded, according to legend, on the spot where the cathedral named for him now stands.

The date of Alban's execution is a matter of some debate, and is generally given as "circa" 250–scholars suggest dates of 209, 254 or 304. The Tomb of St Amphibalus is also in the Cathedral.

Much of the current layout and proportions of the structure date from the first Norman abbot, Paul of Caen (1077–1093). The 14th Abbot, he was appointed by the new Archbishop of Canterbury, Lanfranc.

The cruciform (cross shaped) abbey was the largest built in England at that time. The Norman Robert the Mason gave attention to laying a solid foundation. There is a wall of layered bricks, flints and mortar below. This puts the foundations down to twelve feet to hit bedrock. Below the crossing tower special large stones were used.

The tower was a particular triumph–it is the only 11th century great crossing tower still standing in England. Robert began with special thick supporting walls and four massive brick piers. The four-level tower tapers at each stage with clasping buttresses on the three lower levels and circular buttresses on the fourth stage. The entire structure weighs 5,000 tons and is 144 feet high. The tower was probably topped with a Norman pyramidal roof; the current roof is flat. The original ringing chamber had five bells, but none of them has survived.

The monastic abbey was completed in 1089 but not consecrated until Holy Innocent's Day, 28 December 1115, by the Archbishop of Rouen. King Henry I attended as did many bishops and nobles.

A nunnery (Sopwell Priory) was founded nearby in 1140.

In the current structure the original Norman arches survive under the central tower and on the north side of the nave. The arches in the rest of the building are Gothic, following mediaeval rebuilding and extensions, and Victorian era restoration.

The abbey was extended in the 1190s by Abbot John de Cella (also known as John of Wallingford) (1195–1214). The Norman west front was rebuilt by Hugh de Goldclif. It was very costly but its rapid weathering and later alterations have removed all but fragments.

The St Albans Psalter ("circa" 1130–45) is the best known of a number of important Romanesque illuminated manuscripts produced in the Abbey scriptorium. Later, Matthew Paris, a monk at St Albans from 1217 until his death in 1259, was important as a chronicler and an artist. Eighteen of his manuscripts survive and are a rich source of contemporary information for historians.

Nicholas Breakspear was born near St Albans and went to school there. He applied to be admitted to the abbey as a novice, but was turned down. He eventually managed to be accepted into an abbey in France. In 1154 he was elected Pope Adrian IV, the only English Pope there has ever been. The head of the abbey was confirmed as the premier abbot in England, also in 1154.

Frank Marshall (movie producer)

Frank Wilton Marshall (born 13 September 1946) is an American movie producer and director.


Kathleen Kennedy (producer)

Kathleen K. Kennedy (born 5 June 1953) is an American movie producer. She is currently the president of Lucasfilm.


Sam Mercer

Sam Mercer is a movie producer of many Hollywood movies, including several projects directed by M. Night Shyamalan such as "Signs" and "The Sixth Sense", as well as other movies like "Van Helsing" and "Things We Lost in the Fire". His career started during the early 1980s as a location manager and later advanced to a producer and executive producer. He also produced the latest M. Night Shyamalan movies "The Happening" and "The Last Airbender".

Parish

A parish is the area which is served by a church. This term is used by these churches: Church of England and the Anglican Communion, Roman Catholic, the Eastern Orthodox Church, Lutheran churches, and some Methodist, and Presbyterian churches. The idea is that the local priest or minister is responsible for the 'souls' in the parish.

The term refers to a local church community or territory, including its main church building, and other property. The word 'parish' is also used more generally to refer to the collection of people who attend a particular church. In this usage, a parish minister is one who serves a congregation.

A parish is a subdivision of a diocese or 'see'. The diocese is headed by a Bishop.

Parishes were responsible under the English Poor Law for supporting the poor people of their parish. Charles Dickens described how this worked. The parish would employ a beadle who would manage the workhouse. This work was later taken over by the board of guardians, who were not part of the church.

In some countries a civil parish is an administrative area of local government. Usually they started as an church parish of the same name. In the course of time, perhaps with modified boundaries to better suit local government, the parish survives.

In the American state of Louisiana, a parish is an administration area similar to a county.

Kao Corporation

'

Kao was created in 1887 by Tomiro Nagase. It was created to manufacture toiletry soap. They were first known as . In 1940, they changed their name to . In 1985, they changed it again to Kao Corporation.

Monkfish

The monkfish ("Lophius piscatorius"), also known as the goosefish, is an angler from the genus "Lophius". It is also known as an angel shark. It lives in the Atlantic waters of North America. They have large mouths.


Nickelodeon Movies

Nickelodeon Movies is the motion picture production arm of children's cable channel Nickelodeon, originally launched on February 25, 1995.

45. "Good Burger 2" - Wednesday, November 22, 2023


In 1993, they wanted to release movies after "Rugrats" (planned for a fall 1994 release), "Doug" (planned for a spring 1995 release) and "Ren and Stimpy" (planned for a summer 1995 release), but all of those got cancelled and scrapped, didn't make movies until 1996, with the first film was "Harriet the Spy" on July 10, 1996, it’s latest release was "Good Burger 2" on November 22, 2023; with their next release being "Saving Bikini Bottom: The Sandy Cheeks Movie" on 2024.


Minotaur

The Minotaur (Greek: Μινώταυρος) is a mythical creature in Greek mythology. 

He is shown with the head and tail of a bull and the body of a man. He lived at the center of the Cretan Labyrinth the labyrinth was designed by Daedalus and his son Icarus at the instructions of King Minos of Crete. The Minotaur was eventually killed by the Athenian hero Theseus. 

The word minotaur derives from the Ancient Greek Μῑνώταυρος, a combination of the name Minos and the noun bull, which translated as The Bull of Minos. In Crete, the Minotaur was known by the name Asterion, a name shared with Minos' foster-father. 


Bruno Senna

Bruno Senna Lalli (born 15 October 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One auto racing driver. He is the nephew of the late three-time Formula One world champion Ayrton Senna. His mother is Ayrton's sister, Viviane. His father, Flávio, died in a motorcycle crash in 1996. Bruno Senna wears a slightly modified version of his uncle's helmet.

On 25 August, 2011, Renault announced that Senna would replace Nick Heidfeld as the race driver.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Runnymede

Runnmede is a water-meadow in Surrey, England, 20 miles (32 km) west of London. The site is owned and managed by The National Trust, and runs alongside the River Thames. It is one of England's most visited tourist sites.

At Runnymede, King John sealed the Magna Carta in 1215. Over eight centuries later, the memorial for those of the Allied Air Forces who died in World War II was placed on Runnymede. The British memorial to John F. Kennedy was put there in 1965.

The name Runnymede may be derived from the Anglo-Saxon 'runieg' (regular meeting) and 'mede' (mead or meadow), describing a place in the meadows used to hold regular meetings. The Witan, the Saxon Council, was held from time to time at Runnymede during the reign of Alfred the Great. The Council met usually in the open air, a tradition that influenced the creation of the English Parliament in the 13th century.

Visitors reach the memorial by treading a steep path of irregular granite steps, intended to symbolise a pilgrimage. There are 50 steps in total. Each step is different to all others, with the entire flight made from 60,000 hand-cut granite blocks.

The landscape architect Geoffrey Jellicoe designed the garden; the sculptor Alan Collins designed and carved the stone inscription.
The round on which the memorial is situated was given as a gift to the United States by the British people. It is maintained by the Kennedy Memorial Trust, which also sponsors educational scholarships for British students to attend university in the United States.

In 1968, the 7-ton stone was damaged by a bomb during a time of demonstrations against the Vietnam War; it was later repaired by the sculptor.

Eoin Colfer

Eoin Colfer (born 14 May 1965) is an Irish author. He is most well known as the author of the "Artemis Fowl" books. Colfer was born in Wexford in Ireland and still lives there with his wife and children. 


"A series of books by several authors for young readers."





"The first five novels in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series were written by Douglas Adams. Colfer has written a sixth."


Donté Stallworth

Donté Lamar Stallworth (born November 10, 1980 in Sacramento, California) is an American former professional football wide receiver. He played parts of 10 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the New Orleans Saints, Philadelphia Eagles, New England Patriots, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, and Washington Redskins. Stallworth was drafted out of the University of Tennessee by the New Orleans Saints with the 13th pick in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft. In September 2014, "The Huffington Post" hired Stallworth to cover national security politics.

On March 14, 2009 Stallworth killed a man while driving drunk. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to 30 days in jail, 1,000 hours of community service, 2 years of house arrest, and 8 years probation. He was released from jail on July 10, 2009 and was not allowed to played football until the 2009 season and Super Bowl XLIV ended.


Ed Reed

Edward Earl Reed Jr. (born September 11, 1978 in St. Rose, Louisiana) is an American former professional football safety. He played 13 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Houston Texans, and New York Jets. Reed was drafted out of the University of Miami by the Baltimore Ravens with the 24th pick in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft.

Reed was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on August 3, 2019.

Reed grew up in Louisiana.

Reed played for the Miami Hurricanes as a free safety in college. He wore #20. 

Reed was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in 2002. He had seven interceptions in his first season. Reed also developed a talent for blocking punts. In 2004, Reed had what may have been his best career season. He intercepted nine passes, made one sack, had 358 total return yards, and scored twice. This earned Reed the NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award in 2004. One of his touchdowns was a record 106 yards after he intercepted a pass. That was an NFL record until Reed broke his own record in 2008 with a 107 yard interception return for a touchdown. In 2010, Reed intercepted nine passes even though he missed six games because of an injury. 

In his career (not counting postseason), Reed managed 547 tackles (455 alone), six sacks, a safety (A sack in the end zone. The team that makes the sack is awarded two points and the opposing drive stops.), 11 forced fumbles, a Ravens record 57 interceptions, and 12 career touchdowns. Reed has become a critical component on a feared Baltimore defense. He is sometimes referred to as the "Robin to the Batman." The "Batman" would be middle linebacker Ray Lewis, who played 16 great seasons on the Ravens. Reed won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

On May 7, 2015, Reed signed a one-day contract with the Ravens and retired from playing professional football.

Reed started the Eye of the Hurricane Foundation, which helps recovery efforts in Reed's home state of Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina badly damaged the region in 2005.


Nelson Pyatt

Frederick Nelson Pyatt (born September 9, 1953) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Pyatt was born in Port Arthur, Ontario. Drafted in 1973 by both the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League and the Minnesota Fighting Saints of the World Hockey Association, Pyatt also played for the Washington Capitals and Colorado Rockies.

He is the father of Jesse and former NHL players Tom and Taylor Pyatt.


Twyford Bathrooms

Twyford Bathrooms is a porcelain sanitary company founded in 1849, headquartered in Alsager, UK. Its core product is toilets however they also make bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies. In 2010 it was announced that the company would have its headquarters based outside the UK and also some of its factories. 


Adrian Sutil

Adrian Sutil (born January 11, 1983 in Starnberg, Germany) is a German Formula One auto racing driver. He is the son of professional musicians Monika, a German, and Jorge, a Uruguayan. He has two brothers named Daniel and Raphael. A talented pianist, Sutil started karting at 14 before moving up to Swiss Formula Ford 1800 in 2002. He won all ten rounds of the season from pole and added five wins in the Formula Masters Austria championship. Sutil speaks fluent German, English, Spanish and a little Italian. 

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Sean Pronger

Sean James Pronger (born November 30, 1972 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player who grew up in Dryden, Ontario, and has played in the National Hockey League for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Rangers, Los Angeles Kings, Boston Bruins, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Vancouver Canucks. He was drafted 51st overall by Vancouver and played in 260 regular season games, scoring 23 goals and 36 assists for 59 points, picking up 159 penalty minutes. He is also the brother of defenceman Chris Pronger.

Fred Rosser

Frederick "Fred" Rosser (born November 2, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW). He is also known for him time in WWE where he wrestled as Darren Young and was one half of the tag team, The Prime Time Players with Titus O'Neil.

He was in the first season of "WWE NXT" in early 2010. He was a part of The Nexus when they debuted on the June 7th Raw, but was kicked out after he lost a match against John Cena and was attacked by the rest of the Nexus.

Before signing with WWE, Sampson wrestled under several ring names, including Frederick of Hollywood, Fred Rosser, and "Bonecrusher" Fred Sampson. He has competed in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions including Chaotic Wrestling, East Coast Wrestling Association, Independent Wrestling Federation and the National Wrestling Alliance.

On August 15, 2013, he announced during a TMZ interview that he was gay. In doing this, Young became the first WWE performer to disclose that he is gay while still actively signed with a major promotion. WWE released a statement in support of Young and fellow wrestlers tweeted their support for him.

On September 4, 2020, Rosser made his debut for New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) on an episode of "Strong". He teamed with Alex Zayne and they beat The DKC and Clark Connors.




Trevor Letowski

Trevor Letowski (born April 5, 1977 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Carolina Hurricanes.

Fred Brathwaite

Fredrick Brathwaite (born November 24, 1972) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of 9 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Edmonton Oilers, Calgary Flames, St. Louis Blues and Columbus Blue Jackets. He also played for the Ak Bars Kazan of the Russian Superleague (RSL), as well as Avangard Omsk and Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).

Brathwaite was named Deutsche Eishockey Liga MVP in 2009.


Prescott Burgess

Prescott Ennis Burgess (born March 6, 1984 in Warren, Ohio) is an American former professional football linebacker. He played parts of 4 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and New England Patriots. Burgess was drafted out of the University of Michigan by the Baltimore Ravens with the 207th pick in the sixth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. Burgess has played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2007 to 2009, the New England Patriots in 2009, and the Ravens again from 2009 to 2011. He was released by the Ravens in 2011. He retired after being released.


Evacuation slide

An evacuation slide is an inflatable slide used to evacuate an aircraft quickly. An escape slide is required on all passenger-carrying aircraft if the door is too high for passengers to step down from the aircraft uninjured. Federal Aviation Administration requires slides on doors where the floor is or more above the ground.

Some slides are designed to act also as life rafts if the plane lands in the water.

Extended periodic table

Scientists are trying to make new chemical elements that do not exist yet. In this way, they will extend (lengthen) the periodic table. As of 2023, the element with the highest atomic number is oganesson, element 118. Scientists have tried to make atoms with higher atomic numbers, by smashing smaller atoms together. Scientists have also made predictions about how to make these atoms. There is probably a biggest possible atomic number for any atom. Atoms with a higher atomic number than this cannot exist. However, scientists are not sure what this number is.

The extended periodic table is a version of the periodic table that is longer than the normal one, making room for future synthetic elements. The inner transition metals are placed between Group 2 and Group 3 on the periodic table. On a normal periodic table, the inner transition metals are below Groups 2 and 3. 

Each of these predicted elements can be given a name. These names are based on the digits of the atomic number. They were set by Iupac, and come from Latin and Greek.
The chemical name and symbol come from these put together, followed by "ium" or "um". For example, element 138 is called "untrioctium" and has symbol Uto.

An element can also be named by "eka-" followed by the element above it in the periodic table. For example, ununennium can also be called "eka-francium".

Pekka Pykkö has predicted how atomic orbitals will fill up as atomic number increases. According to this model, element 172 should be the end of the row that starts with element 119.



Chris Columbus (filmmaker)

Chris Joseph Columbus (born September 10, 1958) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. His most successful movies are "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", "Mrs. Doubtfire", and "Home Alone".

Columbus was born in Spangler, Pennsylvania and raised in Youngstown, Ohio. He is the son of Mary Irene (née Puskar) and Alex Michael Columbus. Columbus is of Italian and Czech descent. He graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in Warren, Ohio and from New York University's movie school at the Tisch School of the Arts.

Columbus worked as a screenwriter with Steven Spielberg's Amblin Productions, working on "Gremlins" (1984), "The Goonies" (1985) and "Young Sherlock Holmes" (1985). He wrote the first episodes of the animated series "Galaxy High" (1986) and later made his directorial debut with the teen comedy "Adventures in Babysitting" (1987) and "Heartbreak Hotel" (1988).

His directorial work includes "Home Alone" (1990), "Only the Lonely" (1991), "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York" (1992), "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993), "Nine Months" (1995), "Stepmom" (1998), "Bicentennial Man" (1999), "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (2001), "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (2002), "Rent" (2005), "I Love You Beth Cooper" (2009) and "" (2010).

Columbus founded his production company named 1492 Pictures in 1995, intended as a play to Columbus's more famous namesake, Christopher Columbus.

The character types preferred by Columbus are the everyday American men, women and children who struggle to uphold family traditions against a changing, sometimes intimidating (scary) society. In 1993 he said: "I can understand the validity of showing people the ugliness of the world, but I also think there is a place for films to leave people with a sense of hope. If your movie isn't going to do that, I just don't think it's worth making."

Columbus married Monica Devereux in 1983, with whom he had four children: Eleanor, Violet, Brendan, and Isabella. Columbus lives in San Francisco's Pacific Heights, where his children attend or previously attended Saint Ignatius College Preparatory. He donated money to the school for a new building, which is named after him.

Columbus's daughter Eleanor appeared as the character Susan Bones in the two Potter movies he directed, making her one of only two Americans cast as students, along with cousin Robert Ayres (Boy in Study Hall #2 in his second "Harry Potter" movie). She also appeared as an infant in "Home Alone" with her grandmother and had a small cameo along with her father in "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York".

Two of his other children, Violet and Brendan, appeared in unnamed cameo roles in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets". Chris and his son also have an uncredited cameo in "Rent".

Violet Columbus also appeared in "I Love You, Beth Cooper", singing "Forget Me" at the very beginning of graduation and the entire movie itself.

His wife Monica Devereux made a small appearance in "Home Alone" as the red-headed flight attendant, and in "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York" as the Plaza telephone operator.

His father-in-law appeared in "Home Alone" as a Chicago policeman who checks the McAllisters' home to see if Kevin is there.

Iron sulfide

Iron sulfide is the chemical compound FeS, a black solid. It is made of iron and sulfide ions. FeS has iron in its +2 oxidation state. It reacts with acids such as hydrochloric acid to make hydrogen sulfide gas.

In plural, "iron sulfides" may refer to a range of chemical compounds composed of iron and sulfur. For example to FeS (iron disulfide) found in the ground as the mineral pyrite. FeS is shiny like a metal and has a bright golden color. That's why it is sometimes called "fool's gold". 

By increasing order of stability: 

Iron sulfate

Iron sulfate may refer to either of these compounds:


Ferric

Ferric refers to chemical compounds containing iron in the +3 oxidation state. They are normally brown. Iron(III) oxide, also known as rust, is an example. They are oxidizing agents.


Jaime Alguersuari

Jaime Víctor Alguersuari Escudero (born March 23, 1990 in Barcelona), is a Spanish racing driver. He became the youngest Formula One driver in history at the Hungarian Grand Prix. He was 19 years, 4 months, and 3 days old. Alguersuari is the first driver born in the 1990s to compete in Formula One.

 Season in progress.<br>

 Season in progress.


Le'Ron McClain

Le'Ron McClain (born December 27, 1984, named pronounced Lay-ron, as in lake) is an American former professional football fullback. He played for 7 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Kansas City Chiefs, and San Diego Chargers. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the fourth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Alabama. McClain spent the 2011 season with the Kansas City Chiefs. McClain has worn jersey numbers 37, 33, and 44 in his football career.

He played high school football at Tuscaloosa County High School. 

McClain played fullback in college football for the University of Alabama during the 2003-2006 college seasons, wearing #33.

McClain was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the 4th Round (137 overall) in the 2007 NFL Draft. McClain wore #37 as a rookie in 2007. He mostly blocked that year, but caught a receiving touchdown in a loss to the San Diego Chargers, who were actually McClain's future team.

In 2008, McClain was part of a "3-Headed Monster" that also included Ray Rice and Willis McGahee. McClain's role was larger that year. His best moment was probably when he ran for an 82-yard touchdown to seal a win against the Dallas Cowboys in Week 16, in the last game ever at Texas Stadium. McClain finished the year with 232 attempts, 902 rushing yards, and 11 total touchdowns as he was used more as a runningback.

McClain was used more as a fullback again during his last two seasons in Baltimore. McClain made it clear he wanted more carries, even selling t-shirts to campaign.

McClain signed with the Kansas City Chiefs. With the Chiefs, McClain hoped to become a featured ball carrier. However, he had only 15 rushing attempts for 51 yards and two total touchdowns.

McClain signed with the San Diego Chargers for the 2012 NFL season.


Willis McGahee

Willis Andrew McGahee, III (born October 21, 1981) is a former American football running back. He played college football for the University of Miami, and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He also played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Baltimore Ravens, Denver Broncos and Cleveland Browns.

McGahee was born in Miami, Florida. He attended Miami Central High School, and played for the Miami Central Rockets high school football team. 

McGahee played college football as a runningback for the Miami Hurricanes. He had 2,067 career rushing yards on 349 carries (5.9 avg.) for 31 touchdowns, which ranked 5th on school’s all time records list. He also caught 25 passes caught for 355 yards on a 13.1 average.

McGahee was drafted by the Buffalo Bills with the 23rd pick in the 2003 NFL Draft. McGahee did not play at all in his first season. This was because McGahee was only a rookie, was dealing with injuries, and Travis Henry was already a starter. However, McGahee passed 1,000 yards the next two seasons and scored 13 total times in 2004. In 2006, McGahee's rushing total dropped to 990 yards on 259 carries, plus six touchdowns. He wore #21.

The Bills traded McGahee to the Baltimore Ravens. McGahee was voted to his only Pro Bowl in 2007 for Baltimore after rushing for 1,207 yards on 294 carries and eight total touchdowns. However, the Ravens missed the playoffs on a 5-11 mark. McGahee was about the only offensive brightspot for the Ravens that year, wearing #23.

In 2008, McGahee struggled with injuries. His statistics dropped to 170 attempts, 671 yards, and 7 scores, including a 77 yard touchdown to help win a game against the Dallas Cowboys. He was carted off the field after colliding (hitting into) Pittsburgh Steelers safety Ryan Clark in an AFC Championship loss.

McGahee's playing time was limited by Ray Rice and Le'Ron McClain in 2009 and 2010. 

On July 26, 2011, McGahee (and Kelly Gregg, Derrick Mason, and Todd Heap) were released to help give younger players a chance and save salary cap space.

McGahee signed with the Denver Broncos. He rushed for 249 yards, 1,999 yards, and five total touchdowns for Denver.

In 2014, McGahee played for the Cleveland Browns.



Lucas di Grassi

Lucas Tucci di Grassi (born 11 August 1984 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver. He finished as runner-up to Timo Glock in the 2007 GP2 Series season. He is now one of the race drivers for the new Formula One team Virgin Racing in 2010, alongside his former rival Glock.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Horrorcore

Horrorcore is a type of Hip Hop and rap music that is inspired by horror themed lyrics and horrifying fashion design, Rappers who perform horrorcore can dress in horrific ways or look aggressive or serious or mad and angry. Some popular horrorcore artists are Insane Clown Posse, Hopsin, Twiztid, Necro and Tech N9ne.

Some of the things that horrorcore artist like to talk about are murder, suicide, satanism, self-harm, cannibalism and torture.


Stephen Lynch (musician)

Stephen Andrew Lynch (born July 28, 1971 in Abington, Pennsylvania) is an American comedian, musician, and actor. He is best known for songs that make fun of pop culture and are a satirical commentary on daily life. 

After graduating from Western Michigan University in 1993 with a BA in Drama, Lynch moved to New York City in 1996 to try to act full time. During this time, he also began writing comedic songs and performing the songs in comedy clubs and other places. In 2000, he signed a recording contract with What Are Records?. He later signed with by Vision International in 2002 and began touring all over the United States. Places where he performed include The House of Blues, The Town Hall and the Kennedy Center. 

Lynch has released three comedy albums. They are "A Little Bit Special" (October, 2000), "Superhero" (January, 2003), and "The Craig Machine" (October, 2005). He has also released a live show on DVD, "Live at the El Ray" (September, 2004). 

As he became more well known, Lynch began making appearances on many television programs. These include Comedy Central’s "Premium Blend", "The World Comedy Tour", "The World Stands Up", and "Last Call with Carson Daly". In 2000, he did his "Comedy Central Presents" special. It was one of the highest rated programs in the network’s history. Lynch has also opened for many well-known comedians. These include Jay Mohr, Jeff Foxworthy and Lewis Black. He also co-headlined a tour with Mitch Hedberg in 2004.

Lynch has had parts in five movies, including "The Love Seat" (1999) and "The Confetti Brothers" (2001). In 2006, he debuted on Broadway in the musical "The Wedding Singer" as the main character Robbie Hart. For this, he was nominated for a Tony Award. 

After his Broadway tour, Lynch returned to comedy. He toured as part of the "Opie and Anthony" Traveling Virus Comedy Tour 2007”. Lynch’s international following led him to headlining a European tour in 2008. He played in Sweden, Norway, Holland, Finland, Scotland, England and Germany. 


Helm of Darkness

The Helm of Darkness or Cap of Invisibility. in Greek mythology, is a helmet that makes the person wearing it invisible. It is also called the Cap of Hades or Helm of Hades. It was said to be used by the goddess of wisdom, Athena, the messenger god, Hermes, and Perseus. 

According to mythology, it was made by the Cyclops. They had made a lightning bolt for Zeus, a trident for Poseidon, and the Helm of Darkness for Hades.

hades is the god of the underworld and jewelry. 

Nico Rosberg

Nico Rosberg (born 27 June 1985 in Wiesbaden, West Germany) is a racing driver for the Mercedes GP Formula One team. He races under the German flag in Formula One. Earlier in his career, he competed for Finland. He holds dual nationality of these two countries. Nico is the son of Finnish Formula One World Champion Keke Rosberg.

Rosberg won the 2005 GP2 Series for the ART team. Before that, he raced in Formula Three Euroseries for his father's team. Rosberg joined the Mercedes team for the season. Ahead 2016 Singapore Grand Prix, Rosberg annocuned his retirements after 2016 season. He replaced to Valtteri Bottas sign Mercedes, He replaced from Lewis Hamilton in qualifying session on 2017 Jerez Grand Prix after Hamilton's injured due to crash during FP3 sessions.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Nico Hülkenberg

Nicolas "Nico" Hülkenberg (born 19 August 1987 in Emmerich am Rhein, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German racing driver. He races in Formula One for Williams. He won the 2009 GP2 Series championship. He is a past champion in Formula Three Euroseries and the A1 Grand Prix, as part of A1 Team Germany. He is one of three drivers to win the GP2 series championship in his first season. The other two are Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg.

Hülkenberg earned his first pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix. His lap time was over one second faster than second place Sebastian Vettel on a drying circuit. It was the first pole for Williams in 100 races, since the European Grand Prix.

After the Abu Dhabi GP, it was announced that Hülkenberg would not race for Williams in 2011. For the season, he is the third driver for the Force India team.

 Season in progress.

() (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 


Diocese

A diocese is an area of land under the charge of a bishop. He looks after the religious needs of the Christians who live there. The bishop organises the work of the Church in the area, and is responsible for all the ministers (priests) in his area. Another word for diocese is see, or even 'episcopal see'.

The diocese is the key geographical unit of religious authority in the church. Archbishops have an archdiocese. Inside each diocese are a number of parishes. Each parish is the area supervised by a local priest, and is part of the diocese.

As the Western Roman Empire fell during the 5th and 6th centuries the bishops of the Church took over many of the administrative roles of the former Roman prefects. The areas of ecclesiastical administration always coincided with those of the Roman civil administration. 

A thousand years later, the Ottoman Empire conquered the Eastern Roman, or Byzantine Empire. The eastern bishops then continued as the Roman civil structure was stripped away. Many an ancient diocese, though later divided among several dioceses, preserved the boundaries of a long-vanished Roman administrative division.

Peugeot 306

The Peugeot 306 is a car produced by Peugeot. It replaced the Peugeot 309 in early 1993 with 3 and 5-door hatchbacks. In 1994, saloon and cabriolet versions were added. It was facelifted in May 1997 with an estate version added and got another update in 1999. In June 2001, it was replaced by the Peugeot 307 although estate and cabriolet models were made until 2002. 



Battlefield: Bad Company 2

Battlefield: Bad Company 2 is a first-person shooter video game. It was developed by EA Digital Illusions CE and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The game is part of the Battlefield series.

The game has received very good reviews from game critics.

Ammonium dichromate

Ammonium dichromate is a chemical compound. It is composed of ammonium and dichromate ions. Its chemical formula is (NH)CrO. It is a reddish crystalline solid. It is a weak acid. It is a strong oxidizing agent and can explode when heated in a closed container. This is because ammonium is a weak reducing agent, making a redox reaction. It is used in volcano demonstrations. It is poisonous because it contains dichromate, which is similar to chromate. It is a carcinogen. It is used in oxidation reactions. It is made by reacting chromic acid and ammonium hydroxide.


Potassium dichromate

Potassium dichromate is a chemical compound. It contains potassium and dichromate ions. It has a chemical formula of KCrO. The chromium is in its +6 oxidation state.

It is a bright red crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent in acidic conditions. It is poisonous because it contains dichromate, which is carcinogenic. It can be destroyed by reaction with reducing agents. It can be reduced to green chromium(III) compounds such as chromium(III) oxide. 

Potassium dichromate can be made by oxidation of potassium hydroxide and chromium(III) oxide. It can also be made by adding an acid to potassium chromate. 

It is very rarely found in the earth. It is only found in very dry areas. If it rains, it dissolves in the water and is washed away.

It is used as a reagent for many chemicals, such as alcohol. Some breath alcohol testers use this, and the red turns to green when there is alcohol in the breath. It can be used to make chromic acid, which is used to clean glass. It can be used in cement. It is used to tan leather. It can be used in photography and to test for certain metals. It can be used to treat wood.

Potassium dichromate is very irritating. It can cause cancer when the dust is inhaled. It is a strong oxidizing agent and can start fires. It can be reacted with iron(II) sulfate to detoxify (remove the toxicity of) it.


Reagent

A reagent is a chemical used to test for other chemicals. For example, potassium dichromate is used to test for alcohol, and nitric acid can be used to test for gold. Normally there is an obvious change, such as a color change or the formation of a solid substance. 


Chromic acid

Chromic acid is a chemical that comes in several forms. It is made by reacting chromates or dichromates with acids or by reacting chromium(VI) oxide with sulfuric acid. As its name shows, it is an acid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. When it is reduced, it turns green. It is used to oxidize many chemicals, such as alcohol. It is very toxic because it contains the chromate ion. It is either a reddish solution or red flakes. It is used to make chromyl chloride.


Chromium(VI) oxide

Chromium(VI) oxide, also known as chromium trioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CrO.It has chromium in its +6 oxidation state. It also has oxide ions. It is a solid used in cleaning glass. Chromium-6 is odorless and tasteless.

It is a dark red crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It can ignite alcohol when it is mixed with it. It is very toxic and irritates skin. It is a stronger oxidizing agent than chromate. It dissolves in water to make chromic acid, which is acidic. It reacts with strong bases to make chromates. It gives off oxygen when heated and turns into chromium(III) oxide. 

It is normally made by reacting sodium chromate or potassium chromate with sulfuric acid. It can also be made by drying chromic acid. 

It is used to clean glass. It is also used to plate chromate on things. It reacts with metals to make a metal chromate which stops the metal from corroding. 

Chromium(VI) oxide is very toxic and irritating. It is a carcinogen and can cause mutations. It can be destroyed by reacting it with a reducing agent like ferrous sulfate. It is a dangerous hazard to the environment.


Chromyl chloride

Chromyl chloride, also known as chromium oxychloride is a chemical compound. It has the formula CrOCl. It is a red liquid. It is made by reacting hydrochloric acid with chromium(VI) oxide or potassium chromate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. When it is mixed with sulfur it oxidizes it. It is the result of a test for chloride. It is toxic because it contains chromium in its +6 oxidation state, and its fumes can irritate the eyes. It can also burn the skin and can cause cancer. It also contains some hydrochloric acid. It reacts with grease and some plastics.


Sodium iodide

Sodium iodide is a chemical compound. It is composed of sodium and iodide ions. The chemical formula is NaI. It is a white crystalline solid. It is a weak reducing agent. When it is exposed to oxygen in the air, it turns yellow-brown. It does this because some of the iodide was oxidized to iodine. It is used to supply iodine to the human body. 


Sodium fluoride

Sodium fluoride is a chemical compound. It is made of sodium and fluoride ions. Its chemical formula is NaF. It tastes bitter and is toxic. It is made by reacting hydrofluoric acid with sodium hydroxide. It is used in toothpaste to prevent tooth decay. It is a white crystalline solid.


Todd Heap

Todd Benjamin Heap (born March 16, 1980 in Mesa, Arizona) is an American former football tight end. He played a total of 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and Arizona Cardinals. Heap was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens out of Arizona State with the 31st pick in the first round of the 2001 NFL Draft. 

Heap wore #80 while playing college football and #86 as a professional. With Baltimore, Heap was known for his quiet personality. Heap's NFL career with the Ravens and Cardinals has been plagued by injuries. He has missed portions of most of his NFL seasons and huge parts of the 2004, 2007, and 2011 NFL seasons. However, he is the Ravens second all-time leader in receptions (the Ravens offense struggled much during Heap's stay there, and Heap was often the primary receiver), and all-time leader in yards and touchdowns. He was released by the Ravens in the 2011 offseason, and signed with the Cardinals, where he struggled to produce. Heap has also taken a number of big hits. He has been greatly popular with the Ravens fan base.

Heap retired from playing professional football in 2013. On May 13, 2014, the Ravens inducted Heap into their Ring of Honor.

He is married to Ashley and they had five children. On April 14, 2017, Heap accidently killed his daughter Holly Alivia when he ran her over in his driveway while moving his truck. Heap created the Hugs from Holly campaign in her honor.


List of governors of Alabama

This is list of the governors of U.S. state Alabama

Notes

Volkswagen Tiguan

The Volkswagen Tiguan is an SUV produced by Volkswagen since 2007.


Obaman oppivuosi

Obaman oppivuosi - Amerikan idoli putosi maanpinnalle () is a 245-page book written by University of Arizona professor and former Finnish foreign minister Keijo Korhonen. The book is about Barack Obama, the 44th president of United States, and his first year as President. It was published by WSOY in 2010.

Rover 25

The Rover 25 is a car produced by Rover. It replaced the Rover 200 Series in late 1999 and received a sporty version in 2001 with the MG ZR. It was facelifted in 2004 and was produced until 2005 with the collapse of MG Rover. 


SEAT Toledo

The SEAT Toledo is a car produced by SEAT in four generations from 1991 to 2019. 








Alfa Romeo 145

The Alfa Romeo 145 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 33 in 1994, and were replaced by the Alfa Romeo 147 in 2000.



Renault Safrane

The Renault Safrane was a car produced by Renault. It replaced the Renault 25 in 1992, facelifted in 1995 and was produced until 1998. It was replaced by the Renault Vel Satis in 2000.



Renault 21

The Renault 21 is a car produced by Renault. It replaced the Renault 18 in 1986, facelifted in 1989 with a hatchback model added and were replaced by the Renault Laguna in 1994. The Nevada station wagon continues until 1995.



Rover 45

The Rover 45 is a car produced by Rover. It replaced the Rover 400 Series in late 1999 and received a sporty version called the MG ZS in 2001. It was facelifted in 2004 and was produced until 2005 when MG Rover collapsed. 


Derrick Mason

Derrick James Mason (born January 17, 1974 in Detroit, Michigan is a former American football wide receiver and returner. He played college football for Michigan State University. He never won a Super Bowl. Mason was known for his work ethnic (motivation), but sometimes took it too far when he did not receive the ball, like he sometimes did with Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco.

In the National Football League, Mason was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in 1997. He played as a returner and wideout and helped Tennessee to a Super Bowl XXXIV appearance. Before the 2005 season, Mason signed with the Baltimore Ravens. With Baltimore, Mason became a very successful veteran receiver. He is their all-time leading wideout.

In 2011 however, the Ravens released Mason. Mason spent portions of 2011 with the New York Jets and Houston Texans, where there was more controversy (arguments, etc.) He announced that he was going to retire from professional football after he signed a 1-day contract with Baltimore Ravens on June 11, 2012.


John Madden

John Earl Madden (April 10, 1936 – December 28, 2021) was an American football player, broadcaster, and commentator. He was the coach of the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) for 10 years. After retiring from coaching, he became a well-known color commentator for NFL telecasts.

Madden never had a losing season. As head coach his teams won seven division titles and one Super Bowl. He used his commentary on many football games, including the long-running "Madden NFL" video game series since 1988. He is also known for his award-winning play, "The Bootleg."

Madden was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He worked as a color analyst for all four major networks: CBS (1979–1993), Fox (1994–2001), ABC (2002–2005), and NBC (2006–2009). Madden wrote several books. He was a commercial pitchman for various products and retailers. He retired from broadcasting on April 16, 2009 to spend more time with his family.

Madden died on December 28, 2021 in Pleasanton, California, at the age of 85.

Medicine Hat

Medicine Hat is a town in the Canadian province of Alberta. In 2015, the city had 63018 people.

Massachusetts General Hospital

Massachusetts General Hospital is a hospital in the state of Massachusetts.

You're Cut Off!

You're Cut Off! is a VH1 TV reality show program that started airing on June 9, 2010. The show features nine spoiled young women who thought they were going to be in the series on a show called "The Good Life". Most of them are surprised instead to be told that their money due to their spoiled ways, will be asked to participate and pass an eight week rehabilitation series in order to be taken back, and that the series will enter this show.

"First aired June 9, 2010"

The nine spoiled women are shocked to learn that their families cut them off from their finances, and enrolled them into an eight-week rehabilitation program designed to teach them self-reliance and humility. After being instructed to downsize all their belongings they brought with them into a single duffel bag, they are brought to live in a comparatively modest house with limited space, no servants, and limited allowances for groceries and certain comforts that will be predicated on their performance in the program. Professional life coach Laura Baron, will be helping to guide them, and evaluate their progress, informing the women which of them have passed or failed each lesson.

"First aired June 16, 2010"

The girls are given the task of cleaning the house, but a few of them refuse, and show no deference to the maid who is provided show them how to clean. Laura then informs them that the maid is actually the head of a cleaning service which the girls must now work for while cleaning the house of Omarosa Manigault Newman. Laura later reveals the lesson was not about the cleaning but about respect. The concept of a VIP, or Very Improved Princess, is introduced, and awarded the hardest working girl with her own room and private bathroom as well as control over who will do what chores and the household budget.


"First aired June 23, 2010"

The women are first given the task of completing their chores in order to earn their $200 allowance for food. Gia, Chrissy, and Jessica refuse to do them, thus reducing the spending money to $125. After grocery shopping, the girls meet with Sam Saboura, a top celebrity stylist to learn how to spend on a budget. The girls are first tested to see if they can tell the difference between expensive items and their cheap but identical-looking counterparts, with some surprising results. 
This is the prelude to their lesson, which is to create three looks made from clothes bought in a thrift store for only $300. Then they have a fashion show and show celebrity judges.


"First Aired June 28, 2010"

The women must write their a resumes for a job interview, though Gia refuses both. The women are assigned to work at a Matisse Footwear warehouse, managing inventory, doing office work, etc. Chrissy, however, misses the shuttle to the task because she insists on doing her hair and makeup on her own timetable. Erica is made the manager at the job site, but Gia persistently excoriates her when Erica appears to supervise, including after Erica takes the boss' advice to try a positive reinforcement, and when the boss tries to intervene, Gia quits. The girls who earned their $70 for the day are treated to a spa afternoon, except Chrissy who did not earn a paycheck. Gia earned $50 for a partial day's work. When Erica is made VIP for her performance, an outraged Gia storms out of the house.


"First Aired July 5, 2010"

The women are brought to a Buddhist temple, where they exposed to the monk's philosophies regarding inner beauty, though Chrissy and Jessica are resistant to participate. To further illustrate this lesson, Laura has the women do a photoshoot, and then another without elegant clothes or makeup. Gia has an emotionally revelatory moment with Laura. Chrissy is more resistant, and challenges Laura's authority, refusing to continue at one point. She later shows up to a meeting with Laura, and refuses to cooperate with her, forcing Laura to expel her from the program. Gia is made VIP.


"First Aired July 12, 2010"

Gia uses her position as VIP for her benefit, assigning two chores to Pamela, whom she has grown to dislike, and using the grocery money to buy herself a birthday cake, refusing to get any of the items requested by Erica, Pamela or Jacqueline. The women are then sent on a camping trip to learn how to enjoy themselves on a budget, but Gia, Jacqueline, Pamela, Erica, and Jessica get into a fight with each other. At home, the fights between the girls escalated. At the group session, Gia openly admits she exploited her privileges, and that she has no regard for the others' feelings. Laura fails Gia, Erica, Jessica and Jacqueline for their behavior, and does not name a VIP because the overall lack of improvement among the group, informing them that their chances of graduation are in question.


"First Aired July 19, 2010"

The women go to PATH (People Assisting The Homeless). PATH is a charity championed by former Destiny's Child singer Michelle Williams that helps feed the homeless. The women are assigned to cook, feed and interact with PATH's beneficiaries, but Gia complained. However, she did participate in the challenge by cooking and serving food. She is later touched by one person's story, and offers him a job at her restaurant. Back at home, Laura informs them that they will have the rest of the belongings that they had to leave behind in the season premiere returned to them, but that they will sell them at a charity sale for PATH. She also stated that the team that sold the most items will win the challenge. The winners would be given a prize. The prize was a lunch date with Michelle Williams. Gia gave up her hookah. The team of Jessica, Gia, Leanne, and Amber win by having $36 more dollars. Gia later opens up to Courtnee about her life. Courtnee is named V.I.P.

"First Aired July 26, 2010"


Casting has begun for a second season.



Life After Life

Life After Life is a 1975 book written by psychiatrist Raymond Moody. The book presents the author's account of what it is like to die. 

"Life After Life" sold more than 13 million copies and became an international best seller which made the subject of near death experiences popular, and opened the way for many other studies. 

Moody wrote a second book, "Reflections on Life After Life", in 1977.


Raymond Moody

Raymond Moody (born June 30, 1944) is a psychologist and medical doctor. He has written books about near death experiences (NDEs), a term that he coined in 1975. His best-selling book is "Life After Life".


Golden, British Columbia

Golden is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia and is nicknamed "Kicking Horse Country".

Golden was first known as The Cache and Kicking Horse Flats.

Frederick W Aylmer heard about a development west of Banff, Alberta being called "Silver City", thought to call this community Golden City. "City" was dropped when the CPR arrived in 1885.

The current mayor of Golden is Christina Benty. The mayor in 2009, Aman Virk died suddenly of a surpise heart attack while vacationing in India.

The population is 3,811 from the 2006 census.

Golden is home to the longest freestanding timber frame bridge in Canada called the "Kicking Horse Pedestrian Bridge".

NHL player Doug Barrault was born in Golden.


Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands

Saint Croix (; ; ) is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is a county and a district of the United States Virgin Islands. It is the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands.

Taryn Terrell

Taryn Nicole Terrell (born December 20, 1984) is an American referee, actress and stuntwoman, and former professional wrestler. She is best known for her time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). She is also known for her time with the WWE, where she competed under the ring name Tiffany.

On August 13, 2010, it was reported that she had been suspended by the WWE after she was involved in an incident which involved her real-life husband, Drew McIntyre. She could return from her suspension, the WWE released her from her contract on November 19, 2010.



The Usos

The Usos (born August 22, 1985) were a professional wrestling tag team consisting of identical twin brothers Jimmy and Jey Uso. They are signed to the WWE. Jey Uso is on Raw brand and Jimmy Uso is on Smackdown Brand 

Jimmy (real name Jonathan Solofa Fatu) and Jey (real name Joshua Samuel Fatu) are the twin sons of Solofa Fatu, better known as Rikishi, and are part of the Anoa'i family.








Saint Vincent

Saint Vincent may refer to:









City for Conquest

City for Conquest is a 1940 boxing-drama movie that is produced by William Cagney, Anatole Litvak and Hal B. Wallis who was uncredited and was directed by Anatole Litvak and Jean Negulesco who was uncredited.

The movie based on the novel "City for Conquest" by Aben Kandel and is about truck driver, Danny Kenny (James Cagney), who starts as a New York boxing contender. His girlfriend, Peggy is played by Ann Sheridan. Danny's brother, Eddie wants to become a professional musician and Danny decides to help him. Peggy falls in love with her dancing instructor and Danny proposes to her but she rejects him. Danny gets blinded in a fight with a boxer who put rosin dust on his gloves. Danny works as an operator for a newspaper stand and Peggy is sad when her dreams of a dancer are dashed. Eddie becomes a successful composer and dedicates his first major symphony at Carnegie Hall to Danny and Danny is listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand.


"City of Conquest" gained positive reviews:



Hattie McDaniel

Hattie McDaniel (June 10, 1895 – October 26, 1952) was an American actress and singer. She was born in Wichita, Kansas. She made her movie debut in the 1932 movie, The Golden West. McDaniel is probably best known for her role as "Mammy" in the 1939 movie, Gone with the Wind where she won a Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress making her the first African-American to win a Academy Award.

McDaniel has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, one for singing and one for acting.

McDaniel died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, on October 26, 1952 at age 57 from breast cancer.


Pedro de la Rosa

Pedro Martínez de la Rosa (born 24 February 1971, Barcelona) is an Spanish Formula One racing driver. He has driven in Formula One since 1999. 

For , de la Rosa was signed by the Sauber team to drive with teammate Kamui Kobayashi. After the Italian Grand Prix, Sauber announced that Nick Heidfeld had been signed to replace de la Rosa. Heidfeld drove for Sauber from to , and to . De la Rosa wishes Sauber well, and said, "I still intend to be in Formula One for 2011."

On 27 September, Pirelli announced that de la Rosa had been hired as their new test driver. He will replace Romain Grosjean. Grosjean filled in for Heidfeld when he left Pirelli to join Sauber.

After the Friday morning practice for the Canadian Grand Prix, Sergio Pérez became ill. He had received a concussion at the Monaco Grand Prix and was unable to race. Sauber announced that de la Rosa would replace Pérez for the remainder of the weekend.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


John Bellamy Foster

John Bellamy Foster (born August 19, 1953) is editor of the independent socialist magazine "Monthly Review" and professor of sociology at the University of Oregon in Eugene. His writings have focused on political economy, environmental sociology, and Marxist theory.

Foster's most recent book, "The Ecological Revolution: Making Peace with the Planet", examines the ecological crisis, and includes essays on global warming, peak oil, species extinction, world water shortages, global hunger, alternative energy sources, sustainable development, and environmental justice. Foster says that any attempt to solve our problems merely by technological, industrial or free market means, divorced from fundamental social relations, cannot succeed.

Sébastien Buemi

Sébastien Olivier Buemi (born October 31, 1988 in Aigle, Vaud) is a Swiss racing driver, who competes for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.



Boy with the Blues (EP)

Boy with the Blues is an album by the rock band Oasis. It was released in early July 2009 as an iTunes exclusive EP. It contained two songs not previously available on general release and also a remix of "(Get Off Your) High Horse Lady" from their album "Dig Out Your Soul".


The first two tracks were only available on the "Dig Out Your Soul" Deluxe Boxset Bonus Disc, while the third track had only been released as a listen only track on Oasisinet's Radio Supernova.

Vitaly Petrov

Vitaly Aleksandrovich Petrov (born September 8, 1984 in Vyborg) is a Russian Formula One driver for the Renault F1 team. He is known as "Vyborg Rocket" in Russia. By racing in the Bahrain Grand Prix, he is the first Russian driver to take part in the Formula One World Championship. He lives in Valencia, Spain.

 Season in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>


Chamomile

Chamomile ("KAM-ə-meel or KAM-ə-myl"), also known as camomile, is a plant from the genus "Anthemis". Its name comes from the Greek word "chamaimelon", meaning "ground apple", because of its smell. It has white or yellow flowers, and over 100 species. It can be used as a medicine or as tea. It has been shown to make rodents feel calmer, and helps make people less stressful. It is the national flower of Russia.

Sam Koch

Samuel David Koch ("Koch" is pronounced "Cook") (born August 13, 1982 in York, Nebraska) is an American former professional football punter. He played for 16 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played his entire NFL career with the Baltimore Ravens.

Koch was drafted out of the University of Nebraska–Lincoln by the Baltimore Ravens with the 203rd pick in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. Koch has had a good career, with an impressive 43.8 punting average. In a 2008 Week 16 win over the Dallas Cowboys, Koch has a critical fourth down run. In 2010, he passed to cornerback Cary Williams for a first down on another fake punt. Koch has also kicked occasionally in relief of Matt Stover. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31. During the end of the game, Koch scrambled in his own end zone and took an intentional safety to leave 4 seconds on the clock, he then booted a 60-yard free kick which Ted Ginn, Jr. returned for 31 yards but was tackled in the midfield as the time ran out.

On May 19, 2022, Koch announced that he was retiring from playing professional football. After he retired, Koch became a special teams consultant for the Ravens.


Vitantonio Liuzzi

Vitantonio "Tonio" Liuzzi (born 6 August 1981) is an Italian raceing driver. He was born in Locorotondo. He currently drives for the Hispania Formula One team. He has homes in Lugano, Switzerland and Pescara, Italy.

 Season in progress.<br>

 Season in progress.


Billy Cundiff

William A. "Billy" Cundiff (born March 30, 1980) is an American former professional football placekicker. He played parts of 13 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Dallas Cowboys, New Orleans Saints, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, Washington Redskins, San Francisco 49ers, and Buffalo Bills. Cundiff played college football at Drake University and was also part of the Drake Bulldog's Men's Basketball team.


Kyle Richardson

Kyle Davis Richardson (born March 2, 1973 in Farmington, Missouri) is a retired American football punter who used to play for the Miami Dolphins, Seattle Seahawks, Baltimore Ravens, Minnesota Vikings, Philadelphia Eagles, Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns of the NFL. He was on the Baltimore Ravens championship team in 2000 when they won Super Bowl XXXV in 2000.

He now works as the vice president of sales & marketing for Caring One, a healthcare information services provider.


Book frontispiece

A frontispiece is a picture. It is in a book, on one of its front title pages. It is usually a big scene of the book, or a portrait of the writer. In older times, the picture of the writer was more often used. This was because it was less costly, and could be used again for the writer's other books. Frontispieces were often used in scholarly books and Bibles, and many are fine works of art.

Sakon Yamamoto

He was born in Toyohashi, Aichi Prefecture,

 Season in progress

 Season in progress.


Muscle atrophy

Muscle atrophy or “muscle wastage” is a medical problem where a person loses muscle tissue. This makes the person's muscles weaker. With muscle atrophy, muscles can shrink completely, or only partly.

Many older people have muscular atrophy. Muscle atrophy can also happen to people with certain diseases or medical conditions, like cancer, AIDS, congestive heart failure, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and renal failure (where the kidneys do not work correctly). Muscles can get smaller and weaker when those muscles are not used as much as usual - for example, when a person has to wear a cast for a broken arm or leg, or when a person must be on bed rest for a long time during a long illness. Muscle atrophy can also be caused by Dejerine Sottas syndrome, cachexia, burns, liver failure, and starvation.
Muscular atrophy can cause serious problems in a person's life. As the person loses muscle strength, they will lose the ability to do more and more things. When they try to do things, they will be more likely to have accidents. Muscular atrophy increases the risks of falling.

No one knows exactly what causes muscular atrophy. It may be due to the gradual failure in the "satellite cells" which help to regenerate skeletal muscle fibres, and a decrease in sensitivity to or the availability of secreted growth factors which are necessary to maintain muscle mass and satellite cell survival.

In muscle atrophy, the normal balance between protein synthesis and protein degradation changes. There is a down-regulation of protein synthesis pathways, and an activation of protein breakdown pathways. In the ATP-dependent ubiquitin/proteasome pathway, particular proteins are targeted for destruction by the ligation of at least four copies of a small peptide called ubiquitin onto a substrate protein. The substrate is later targeted for destruction by the proteasome.

Muscle atrophy can be treated 

33rd Annie Awards

The 33rd Annual Annie Awards were held on 4 February 2006 at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, California. They were hosted by Tom Kenny.

Winners are highlighted in boldface.







Genesis Award

The Genesis Awards are awarded annually to major news and entertainment personalities and media for producing outstanding works which raise public understanding of animal issues. Presented by The Humane Society of the United States, the awards show takes place every March in Beverly Hills, California. The awards have honored such well-known personalities as Peter Gabriel, Jane Goodall, Peter Jennings, David E. Kelley, Sir Paul McCartney, Arthur Miller and Prince as well as journalists, film and documentary writers and producers, print and broadcast news outlets in the United States.

The Genesis award was launched in 1986, by animal advocate, actress and Broadway star Gretchen Wyler.


Karun Chandhok

Karun Chandhok (born 19 January 1984 in Chennai) is an Indian racing driver. In he began driving for the HRT F1 Team in Formula One. After the British race, HRT announced that Sakon Yamamoto would replace Chandhok at the German Grand Prix. 

Before Formula One, Chandhok won the Formula Asia championship in 2001, and he was the first Formula Asia V6 by Renault champion in 2006. He then drove in the GP2 Series for three years, winning two races.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Primetime Emmy Awards

The Primetime Emmy Awards are awards presented by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of excellence in American primetime television programming. First awarded in 1949, they were originally referred to as just the "Emmy Awards" until the first Daytime Emmy Award ceremonies were held in the 1970s, and the word "primetime" was added to disambiguate between the two.

Primetime Emmys are currently awarded in the following categories:

The Creative Arts Emmy Award are awarded in the following categories (some of which separately recognize work based on whether a single-camera and multi-camera setup was used):

A number of awards have been retired throughout the years, including some that have been replaced by similar award categories in the Daytime Emmys, Sports Emmys, and other areas of recognition.























Chromium oxide

Chromium oxide can refer to any of these compounds:



Chromium(II) oxide

Chromium(II) oxide is a chemical compound. It contains chromium in its +2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CrO. It reacts with oxygen when heated to produce chromium(III) oxide. It is a reducing agent. It is made by reduction of chromium(III) oxide by hypophosphites.


Chromium(IV) oxide

Chromium(IV) oxide is a chemical compound. It is used in audio cassettes. Its chemical formula is CrO. It is made by heating chromium(VI) oxide and water at very high pressures. It is a black crystalline solid.


Disproportionation

Disproportionation is a redox reaction in which an electron from one atom is taken by another one, making two different chemicals. It is the opposite of symproportionation, which is the giving of electrons from one atom to another atom, It makes one chemical from two different chemicals.

Sodium hypochlorite (household bleach) reacts with itself when it is dried. One atom gives two electrons away to two other atoms. The first atom becomes sodium chlorate, while the other two that got the electrons becomes sodium chloride.
3 NaClO → 2 NaCl + NaClO

Ferric ions react with iron metal. Two ferric ions give two electrons (one electron for each atom) to one iron atom. The ferric ion becomes a ferrous ion. The iron also becomes a ferrous ion. 
2 Fe + Fe → 3 Fe


Sodium chlorate

Sodium chlorate is a chemical compound. It is a crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. Its chemical formula is NaClO. It contains sodium and chlorate ions. It is made by electrolysis of a hot sodium chloride solution. It is used as a herbicide. It is toxic because of its oxidizing properties. It is mostly known to be used as non-selective herbicide. 


Hypophosphite

Hypophosphite, also known as phosphonate, is an ion. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains phosphorus in its +1 oxidation state. It is made by disproportionation of phosphorus in warm alkali. Phosphine is also produced. It is a strong reducing agent. Chemical compounds that contain the hypophosphite ions are called hypophosphites. They are poisonous. Hypophosphites are salts of hypophosphorous acid.


Nigel Short

Nigel David Short MBE (born 1 June 1965 in Leigh, Lancashire) is often regarded as the strongest English chess player of the 20th century. He became a Grandmaster at age 19. He challenged for the World Chess Championship against Garry Kasparov at London 1993. Still active, Short continues to enjoy international success. He is also a chess columnist, coach and commentator.
Short's best achievement was in the World Candidates matches of 1992, when he beat world-class players Boris Gelfand, Anatoly Karpov and Jan Timman to reach the final. In the World Championship match, London 1993, he was decisively beaten by the reigning World Champion, Gary Kasparov. The match caused controversy because the two players broke away from FIDE, for reasons mostly to do with the prize money.

Short has played 21 times for England in Chess Olympiads, and European and World Team championships. He has been living in Greece with his wife and children for a number of years.

Sodium hypophosphite

Sodium hypophosphite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaHPO. It contains sodium and hypophosphite ions. 

It is a white solid. It is a strong reducing agent. When it is heated, it produces phosphine gas and sodium phosphite. It is quite poisonous. It can be oxidized to sodium phosphate.

It is made by heating white phosphorus in sodium hydroxide solution. This makes phosphine gas and sodium hypophosphite.

It is used for nickel plating without doing electrolysis. 


Steve Yzerman

Stephen Gregory "Steve" Yzerman (born May 9, 1965) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre and current general manager of the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League. Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. He has three daughters, the youngest being Sophia Yzerman, middle is Maria Yzerman, and the eldest is Isabella Yzerman. All three of them attended Academy of the Sacred Heart in Bloomfield Hills, MI, with the Isabella at University of Michigan. He won an gold medal with Team Canada at the 2002 Winter Olympics. This made Yzerman one of few players to win an Olympic gold medal and the Stanley Cup in the same year.

Yzerman retired as the longest serving Captain in North American Sports history.

Union City, California

Union City is a city in Alameda County, California. Union City formed in the year 1959. The population of Union City was 70,143 in 2020.

Shayne Graham

Michael Shayne "The Franchise" Graham (born December 9, 1977 in Radford, Virginia) is an American former professional football placekicker and coach. He played parts of 17 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Buffalo Bills, Carolina Panthers, Cincinnati Bengals, New York Giants, New England Patriots, Miami Dolphins, Baltimore Ravens, Houston Texans, Pittsburgh Steelers, New Orleans Saints, and Atlanta Falcons.

Graham played college football at Virginia Tech University. He was inducted into the Virginia Tech Sports Hall of Fame in 2011.

On February 6, 2017, Graham announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.


Fiat 500 (1957)

The Fiat 500 is a car produced by the Fiat company of Italy between 1957 and 1975. The car was designed by Dante Giacosa. In 2007 Fiat launched a similar car, the Fiat Nuova 500.

Fiat Marea

The Fiat Marea is a car produced by Fiat. It replaced both the Fiat Tempra and the Fiat Croma in 1996, and were replaced by the Fiat Stilo Multi Wagon in 2002.



Phosphite

Hydrogen Phosphite is an ion. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state. Chemical compounds containing the phosphite ion are called phosphites. Phosphites are the salts of phosphorous acid. They are poisonous. They are reducing agents. An example would be sodium phosphite.


Hypophosphorous acid

Hypophosphorous acid, also known as phosphinic acid, is a chemical compound. It is an acid. It contains hydrogen and hypophosphite ions. Its chemical formula is HPO.

It is a colorless solid. It can absorb water to make an oily liquid. It is a weak acid. It reacts with bases to make hypophosphite salts such as sodium hypophosphite. It is a powerful reducing agent. It breaks down when heated into phosphine and phosphorous acid.

It is made by protonation of hypophosphites. 

It can be used as a reducing agent. It is also used to make medicines. It can be used to make illegal drugs, which is why it is restricted. It is used to plate metal on objects without using electroplating.


Sodium phosphite

Sodium phosphite is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and phosphite ions. Its chemical formula is HNaOP. 

It is a white solid. It is a salt of phosphorous acid. It is poisonous. It is a reducing agent.

Sodium phosphite is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with phosphorous acid. 



Phosphorous acid

Phosphorous acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains hydrogen and phosphite ions.

It is a white solid. It absorbs water. It is a strong reducing agent. It can be deprotonated twice. When it is heated, it turns into phosphoric acid and phosphine. It is toxic. Salts of phosphorous acid is called phosphites. It reacts with mercury(II) chloride to make mercury(I) chloride. If it still is kept, it reacts with mercury(I) chloride to make mercury.

It is made by reacting phosphorus(III) oxide with water. It is also prepared by reaction of phosphorus trichloride with water, which produces hydrochloric acid too. 

It is used as a reducing agent. It is also used to kill certain bacteria that grow on plants.


Phosphorus(V) oxide

Phosphorus(V) oxide, also known as phosphorus pentoxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PO. It contains phosphorus and oxide ions. It contains phosphorus in its +5 oxidation state. 

Phosphorus(V) oxide is a colourless solid. It has a strong odor. It dissolves in water to produce phosphoric acid. It can corrode metals. It is irritating to the skin. It can make bad burns.

It is made by burning phosphorus into high amounts of air.

It is used to dry things out because it absorbs water. It dries things out from acids like nitric acid to organic compounds like carboxylic acids.

Phosphorus(V) oxide is corrosive. Its vapors are toxic and burn the eyes and skin. It also irritates skin and eyes.


Phosphorus(III) oxide

Phosphorus(III) oxide, also known as phosphorus trioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PO or PO. It contains phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state. It contains phosphorus and oxide ions.

It is a white, waxy solid that can absorb water. It reacts with water to make phosphorous acid. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make phosphorus trichloride and phosphorous acid. It is a reducing agent. It is toxic and has a garlic-like odor. 

It is made by burning phosphorus in a little air. This is the source of many phosphorus compounds.

It can attach to certain transition metals. 


Phosphorus trichloride

Phosphorus trichloride is a chemical compound. It is a molecular compound made up of phosphorus covalently bonded to three chlorine atoms. The phosphorus is considered to be in a 3+ oxidation state and each chlorine is considered to be in a 1- oxidation state. The chemical formula is PCl.

It is a colorless liquid. It reacts with water to make phosphorous acid and hydrochloric acid. It is very toxic. It is a weak reducing agent.

It is made by reacting extra phosphorus with chlorine. It is used to make phosphorous acid industrially (in factories). 

It is used to make organic compounds. It is also used to make other phosphorus compounds.


Phosphoric acid

Phosphoric acid, also known as orthophosphoric acid, is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains hydrogen and phosphate ions. Its official IUPAC name is trihydroxidooxidophosphorus.

Phosphoric acid is a white solid. It melts easily to make a viscous liquid. It tastes sour when diluted (mixed with a lot of water). It can be deprotonated three times. It is very strong, although not as much as the other acids like hydrochloric acid. It does not have any odor. It is corrosive when concentrated. Salts of phosphoric acid are called phosphates.

Phosphoric acid can be made by dissolving phosphorus(V) oxide in water. This makes a very pure phosphoric acid that is good for food. A less pure form is made by reacting sulfuric acid with phosphate rock. This can be purified to make food-grade phosphoric acid if needed.

It is used to make sodas sour. It is also used when a nonreactive acid is needed. It can be used to make hydrogen halides, such as hydrogen chloride. Phosphoric acid is heated with a sodium halide to make the hydrogen halide and sodium phosphate. It is used to react with rust to make black iron(III) phosphate, which can be scraped off, leaving pure iron. It can be used to clean teeth. 

There are many minor uses of phosphoric acid. Phosphoric acid with a certain isotope of phosphorus is used for nuclear magnetic resonance. It is also used as an electrolyte in some fuel cells. It can be used as a flux. It can etch certain things in semiconductor making. 

Phosphoric acid is one of the least toxic acids. When it is diluted, it just has a sour taste. When it is concentrated, it can corrode metals.


Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards

The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, also known as the KCA's, is an annual awards show that shows on Nickelodeon.

Categories in italics indicate past awards.


Sodium phosphate

Sodium phosphate is a group of chemical compounds. The phosphate atom can hold three other atoms. They can be three hydrogen (phosphoric acid), two hydrogen and one sodium(sodium dihydrogen phosphate), one hydrogen and two sodium (disodium hydrogen phosphate), or three sodium (trisodium phosphate).

Sodium dihydrogen phosphate, also known as monosodium phosphate, is a chemical compound with the formula NaHPO. It is acidic. It is used in some baking powders. It is used as a laxative or a pH buffer (something that keeps a chemical from getting more acidic or basic). It is made by reaction of a little sodium hydroxide with phosphoric acid.

Disodium hydrogen phosphate, also known as disodium phosphate is a chemical compound with the formula NaHPO. It is about neutral (not acidic or basic). It is used to prevent clumping in foods. It is made by reaction of some sodium hydroxide with phosphorus.

Trisodium phosphate, also known as sodium phosphate, is a chemical compound with the formula NaPO. It is basic. It formerly was used in detergents, but the phosphate fueled algal blooms. It is made by combining sodium hydroxide and phosphoric acid.


San Marino Grand Prix

The San Marino Grand Prix was a Formula One championship race. It was held at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in the town of Imola. Imola is near the Apennine mountains in Italy. The race was first held , and the last race was in . It is named the San Marino Grand Prix after the nearby republic of San Marino.

The area by Imola is home to several racing car manufacturers, including Ferrari, Lamborghini, and Maserati. Following the Second World War, the town started a project to improve the local economy. Four local motor racing fans suggested building a new road. The road would link together existing public roads. These road were used by the local car manufacturers to test their new car designs. Construction began in March 1950. The first test run took place two years later when Enzo Ferrari sent a car to the track.

In April 1953, the first motorcycle races took place at Imola, and the first car race took place in June 1954. In April 1963, the first race with Formula One cars took place at Imola. It was a non-championship event, and was won by Jim Clark for Lotus. An additional non-championship event took place at Imola in 1979. This race was won by Niki Lauda for Brabham-Alfa Romeo.

In 1980, the Italian Grand Prix moved from the high-speed Monza circuit to Imola. This was because of a bad crash in 1978. The crash killed the popular Swedish driver Ronnie Peterson. The 1980 race was won by Nelson Piquet for Brabham-Ford. In 1981 the Italian Grand Prix returned to Monza, and Imola hosted the new San Marino Grand Prix, named after the nearby republic of San Marino.

In there were three serious accidents at Imola. 

Teams had complained about the poor quality of the facilities (buildings and work areas) at Imola. San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after . Part of the reason for dropping San Marino was there was another grand prix held in Italy.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Porsche

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship.



Leopold von Sacher-Masoch

Leopold Ritter von Sacher-Masoch (27 January 1836 – 9 March 1895) was an Austrian writer and journalist, who became famous for his romantic stories about Galician life. The word masochism comes from his name.

During his lifetime, Sacher-Masoch was known as a thinker who supported socialist and humanist ideas in his writing, both his stories and his letters. Most of his works have not been translated into English. The novel "Venus in Furs" is the only one of his books that can be commonly found in English.

Von Sacher-Masoch was born in what is now Lviv, Ukraine. His father was an Austrian police director with Spanish ancestry, and his mother was Charlotte von Masoch, a Ukrainian noblewoman. He began learning German at age 12. He studied law, history and mathematics at Graz University. After he finished his study, Sacher-Masoch moved back to Lemberg where he became a professor. His early writing was mainly non-fiction works about Austrian history. At the same time, Sacher-Masoch began looking into the stories of his homeland, Galicia. Soon he stopped lecturing to write stories and letters. Within ten years, his short stories and novels became more famous than his historical non-fiction works, though his fiction had history in it.

Sacher-Masoch was especially interested in capturing stories of the different ethnicities that lived in Galicia. From the 1860s to the 1880s, he collected many volumes of "Jewish Short Stories", "Polish Short Stories", "Galician Short Stories", "German Court Stories" and "Russian Court Stories". His works were translated into Ukrainian, Russian and French. They were very popular in Ukraine.

In 1869 Sacher-Masoch wrote a large number of short stories under the group title "Legacy of Cain". These stories showed his view on life and the world. Six volumes were planned, but only the first two were ever completed. By the middle of the 1880s, Masoch had abandoned the "Legacy of Cain". Despite this, the published volumes of the series included his best-known stories, including "Venus in Furs" (1869) which is the most famous today. The short novel expressed Sacher-Masoch's fantasies and fetishes, which he tried to live out with his mistresses and wives.

Sacher-Masoch edited the monthly literary magazine "Auf der Höhe. Internationale Review" ("At the Pinnacle. International Review"), which was published in Leipzig from October, 1881 to September, 1885. This was a magazine aimed at helping Jews in Saxony become part of the community, as well supporting women's rights with articles on women's education and suffrage.

In his later years, he worked against local antisemitism through an association called the Oberhessischer Verein für Volksbildung (OVV), which he founded in 1893 with his second wife, Hulda Meister.

Chris Kuper

Christopher Kuper (born December 19, 1982 in Anchorage, Alaska) is an American football Offensive guard for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). Kuper played college football at the University of North Dakota and was drafted by the Denver Broncos with the 161st pick in the fifth round of the 2006 NFL Draft.


The Blackout (band)

The Blackout is a Welsh Post-hardcore band from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales. The Blackout has six members in the band; the current band members are Sean Smith, Gavin Butler, Matthew Davies, James Davies, Rhys Lewis and Gareth Lawrence.

In 2003 a band called Ten Minute Preview was formed out of boredom and was named after the New York City blackout of 1977. The band currently has Sean Smith on Vocals, Gavin Butler on Vocals, Matthew Davies on Guitar and backing vocals, James Davies on Guitar and backing vocals, Rhys Lewis on Bass guitar and Gareth Lawrence on Drums and Backing vocals and they are all original members. 

The Blackout released their debut album, "We Are the Dynamite!" on October 1, 2007 on the record label, Fierce Panda and it was the fastest selling album ever released by Fierce Panda. The album spawned 2 singles on it, ""The Beijing Cocktail"" and ""It's High Tide Baby!"" (which featured lead singer of Lostprophets, Ian Watkins). After their album release The Blackout went on a 14-date headline UK tour playing alongside bands such as The Used and Rise Against.

The Blackout left the Fierce Panda records in 2008 and signed with the record label, "Epitaph Records". On the Epitaph record label the band released one album, "The Best in Town," which spawned 4 singles ""STFUppercut"", ""Children of the Night"", ""Save Our Selves (The Warning)"" and ""I Don't Care (This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things)"" and are releasing another album in 2011 which currently does not have a name.


So far as of 2011, The Blackout has released 1 EP and three albums.




Phosphorus oxide

Phosphorus oxide refers to any of the following compounds:


Phosphorus acid

There are several phosphorus acids. They are acids that have phosphorus in them. Three of them are common.


Sunshine Coast, Queensland

The Sunshine Coast (population 312,908) is a coastal region in South East Queensland, north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane. On 15 March 2008, the former Councils of Noosa Shire, Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City combined to form the Sunshine Coast Regional Council.

The Sunshine Coast is bordered by the Pacific Ocean in the east, and extends to the local government boundaries beyond the Blackall Range to the west. Sometimes, the towns of Gympie, which is 30 minutes' drive north of Noosa Heads, and Caboolture, 30 minutes' drive south of Caloundra, have been included in a broader definition of the Sunshine Coast region.

The Glass House Mountains, located south-west of Caloundra, were first sighted by James Cook from the deck of the HM Bark Endeavour in 1770.

The Sunshine Coast's first white inhabitants were three castaways who shared the life of the aborigines for eight months. Later it became the home of many runaway convicts. It was also the scene of some of the most bitter skirmishes of Australia's Black War.

Timber-getters used its rivers and lakes as seaways to float out logs of cedar, and prospectors climbed its mountains to reach the Gympie gold. With the coming of the railway line to Gympie, the coastal towns, which were founded as ports for the early river trade, were bypassed. The Sunshine Coast later grew into a holiday destination, which was further expanded in the development boom of the 1960s and 1970s.

The Sunshine Coast is a centre for tourism. The attractions include: Steve Irwin's Australia Zoo, UnderWater World marine park, Aussie World with the Ettamogah Pub, The Buderim Ginger Factory, The Big Pineapple and the Majestic Theatre at Pomona.

The Sunshine Coast contains many beaches. Many well-known beaches within the Sunshine Coast region are located at Noosa Heads, Alexandra Headland, Mooloolaba (the spit), Coolum, Maroochydore and Kings Beach in Caloundra.

The region is also home to more national parks than any other region in Queensland. The natural variety of the area has been protected by five separate parks in both coastal and inland regions, including Mapleton Falls National Park, Kondalilla National Park, The Glasshouse Mountains National Park, Noosa National Park, and the Great Sandy National Park, which includes sections on Fraser Island and in Cooloola near Rainbow Beach.

Awesome Kong

Kia Michelle Stevens (born September 4, 1977 in Carson, California) is an American female actress and former professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). She was known for wrestling under the ring name Awesome Kong. She also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), Shimmer Women Athletes, All Elite Wrestling (AEW), and WWE. During her time in WWE, sh wrestled under the ring name Kharma.

While in TNA, she was a two-time TNA Women's Knockout Champion and one-time TNA Knockout Tag Team Champion with Hamada.

On August 28, 2021, Kong announced that she was retiring from in-ring competition. At Bound for Glory on October 23, 2021, she was inducted in the Impact Hall of Fame by Gail Kim.


Robert Frost

Robert Lee Frost (March 26, 1874 – January 29, 1963) was an American poet. He is well known for his realistic writings of rural life and his use of American informal (slang) speech. His poems were often set in rural life in New England in the early twentieth century, and used these settings to look at complex social and philosophical themes. Frost has often been quoted by other people. He was honored often during his lifetime, receiving four Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry.

Robert Frost was born in San Francisco, California, to journalist William Prescott Frost, Jr., and Isabelle Moodie.

Frost's father was a teacher, and later an editor of the "San Francisco Evening Bulletin" (later the "San Francisco Examiner"), and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector. After his death on May 5, 1885 the family moved across the country to Lawrence, Massachusetts. Frost graduated from Lawrence High School in 1892. Frost's mother joined the Swedenborgian Church and had him baptized in there, but he left the church as an adult.

Although he would be famous for writing about rural life, Frost grew up in the city, and published his first poem in his high school's magazine. He attended Dartmouth College for two months, long enough to be accepted into the Theta Delta Chi fraternity. Frost returned home to teach and to work at different jobs.

In 1894, Frost sold his first poem, "My Butterfly: An Elegy", for fifteen dollars. It was published in the November 8, 1894, edition of the "New York Independent". Proud of this accomplishment, he proposed marriage to Elinor Miriam White. She waited, wanting to finish college before they married. Frost then went on a trip to the Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia. After returning he proposed again to Elinor. Because she had then graduated, she agreed. They got married on 19th December 1896.

He attended liberal arts studies at Harvard for two years, but left to support his growing family. Shortly before dying, Robert's grandfather purchased a farm for Robert and Elinor in Derry, New Hampshire; and Robert worked the farm for nine years, while writing early in the mornings and producing many of the poems that would later become famous. His farming was unsuccessful and he returned to education as an English teacher at New Hampshire's Pinkerton Academy from 1906 to 1911, then at the New Hampshire Normal School (now Plymouth State University) in Plymouth, New Hampshire.

In 1912, Frost sailed with his family to Great Britain, living first in Glasgow before settling in Beaconsfield outside London. His first book of poetry, "A Boy's Will", was published the next year. In England, he made some important friends, including Edward Thomas (a member of the group known as the Dymock Poets), T.E. Hulme, and Ezra Pound. Surrounded by his peers, Frost wrote some of his best work while in England.

After World War I began, Frost returned to America in 1915 and bought a farm in New Hampshire, where he started a career of writing, teaching, and lecturing. This family homestead was the Frosts' summer home until 1938, and is used today as The Frost Place, a museum and poetry conference site. During the years 1916–20, 1923–24, and 1927–1938, Frost taught English at Amherst College in Massachusetts, notably encouraging his students to account for the sounds of the human voice in their writing.

For forty-two years – from 1921 to 1963 - Frost spent almost every summer and fall teaching at the Bread Loaf School of English of Middlebury College, at its mountain campus at Ripton, Vermont. The college now owns and maintains his former Ripton farmstead as a national historic site near the Bread Loaf campus. In 1921 Frost accepted a fellowship teaching post at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, where he resided until 1927; while there he was awarded a lifetime appointment at the University as a Fellow in Letters. The Robert Frost Ann Arbor home is now situated at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan. Frost returned to Amherst in 1927. In 1940 he bought a plot in South Miami, Florida, naming it "Pencil Pines"; he spent his winters there for the rest of his life.

Harvard's 1965 alumni directory says Frost received an honorary degree there. Although he never graduated from college, Frost received over 40 honorary degrees, including ones from Princeton, Oxford and Cambridge universities; and was the only person to receive two honorary degrees from Dartmouth College. During his lifetime, the Robert Frost Middle School in Fairfax, Virginia, and the main library of Amherst College were named after him.

Frost was 86 when he spoke and performed a reading of his poetry at the inauguration of President John F. Kennedy on January 20, 1961. He died in Boston two years later, on January 29, 1963, of complications from prostate surgery. He was buried at the Old Bennington Cemetery in Bennington, Vermont. His epitaph quotes a line from one of his poems: "I had a lover's quarrel with the world."

Frost's poems are analyzed in the "Anthology of Modern American Poetry" (Oxford University Press) where it is mentioned that behind a sometimes charmingly familiar and rural front, Frost's poetry frequently presents hopeless and hostile undertones which often are either unseen or unanalyzed.

One of the original collections of Frost materials is found in the Special Collections department of the Jones Library in Amherst, Massachusetts. The collection consists of approximately twelve thousand items, including original manuscript poems and letters, correspondence, and photographs, as well as audio and visual recordings.

Kevin Harvick

Kevin Michael Harvick (born December 8, 1975), nicknamed "The Closer" and "Happy Harvick", is an American racecar driver. He drives the No. 4 Ford Mustang for Stewart-Haas Racing in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Harvick won the NASCAR Nationwide Series championship and the Sprint Cup rookie of the year award in 2001. In 2007, Harvick beat Mark Martin and Enrique Peña Nieto to win the Daytona 500. In 2014 Harvick began racing for Stewart-Hass Racing. Over the year, he was able to win a total of five races, and at the end of the year, he was named the NASCAR Sprint Cup Champion.

Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari

The Autodromo Internazionale Enzo e Dino Ferrari is an auto racing circuit near the Italian town of Imola, east of Bologna and east of the Ferrari factory in Maranello. Often, it is simply called Imola.

The circuit is named after Ferrari's late founder Enzo, and his son Dino who had died in the 1950s. Before Enzo Ferrari's death in 1988 it was called 'Autodromo Dino Ferrari'.

It was the host for the Formula One San Marino Grand Prix. The Italian Grand Prix has been held in Italy since the start of Formula One. The race at Imola was named after the nearby Republic of San Marion. After a bad crash Monza in , Imola hosted the Italian Grand Prix. When Formula One visits Imola, it is considered the 'home circuit' of Ferrari and a large group of "tifosi" (Ferrari supporters) come out to support the local team.

Imola is one of the few major international circuits to run in an anti-clockwise (counter-clockwise) direction. Other anti-clockwise circuits include Istanbul Park, Singapore's Marina Bay, Korean International Circuit, Autódromo José Carlos Pace, and Yas Marina Circuit.

Even with the addition of the chicanes, safety was a concern at the circuit. One of the biggest worries was the high-speed, flat-out "Tamburello" corner. Tamburello was very bumpy and had very little room between the track and a concrete wall. The wall protected a creek that ran behind the corner. In San Marino Grand Prix, Nelson Piquet had an accident at the corner during practice. He missed the race due to his injuries. In the San Marino Grand Prix, Gerhard Berger crashed his Ferrari at Tamburello after the front wing broke. The crash was so heavy, the monocoque (the driver's compartment) split open. The car caught fire. The firefighters and medical personnel went to work quickly. Because of fast response, Berger survived with only burns on his hands. Berger only missed one race, the Monaco Grand Prix. Other drivers, including Michele Alboreto and Riccardo Patrese also bad crashes at Tamburello corner. They escaped without serious injury.
In there were three serious accidents at Imola. During the Friday practice, Rubens Barrichello hit the fence at the Variante Bassa. It was a very hard crash and he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes. During the qualifying session on Saturday, Austrian Roland Ratzenberger crashed at the Villeneuve Corner. He hit a concrete barrier wall almost head-on and was received a very bad head injury. He was taken to the hospital, but died from injuries. In the race on Sunday, 3-time World Champion Ayrton Senna hit a concrete wall at Tamburello Corner. Senna was killed instantly. In two unrelated accidents, several spectators and mechanics were also injured during the race.

In response to the deaths of Ratzenberger and Senna, changes were made to try to make the circuit safer. The flat-out Tamburello corner was reduced in speed. It was also made into a left-right sweeper. A gravel trap was added to the limited space on the outside of the corner. Villeneuve corner was also slowed down and a gravel trap added. To retain some of the character of the old circuit, the slow chicane at Acqua Minerale was eliminated. Many say that the new circuit configuration is not as good as it used to be as a result of the new chicanes at Tamburello and Villeneuve.

Another modification made was to the Variante Alta. Variante Alta is at the top of the hill leading down to Rivazza. It has the hardest braking point on the lap. The kerbs were very high, and the drivers often hit them. This often caused damage to the cars and sometimes lead to accidents. Before the 2006 Grand Prix, the kerbs were lowered and the turn itself was tightened to reduce speeds.

Some had complained about the poor quality of the facilities (buildings and work areas) at Imola. San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after .

Following an FIA decision in August 2006, Imola did not host a Grand Prix in . SAGIS is the company that owns the circuit. They hoped that the race would be reinstated at the October 2006 meeting of the FIA World Motorsport Council. They were planning renovations to the facility, but the reinstatement was denied.
The circuit has undergone major revisions. The pitlane, pit garages and the final corners have been updated. The final left-right chicane has been removed. The run from Rivazza 2 to the first Tamburello chicane is flat-out. This is more like the old version of the circuit. The pitlane has been extended and reworked. The old pit garages and paddock have been completely rebuilt. The circuit hopes to rejoin the F1 calendar within the next few seasons. The reconstruction has been designed by German track architect Hermann Tilke.

In June 2008, with most of the reconstruction work done, FIA gave the track "1T" rating, meaning that an official F1 test can be held there. But still the track needs the "1" approvial to again host a Formula One race. The track also hosted the 2008 World Touring Car Championship Race of Europe, on September 21, 2008.


1220s

The 1220s decade ran from January 1, 1220, to December 31, 1229.


Constitutional Union Party

The Constitutional Union Party was an American political party. It was one of four major parties to have candidates in the 1860 United States presidential election right before the American Civil War. It was made up of former Whigs and Know-Nothings who had not joined the Republican Party, and people from the South who wanted the Union to stay together. It had one idea - keeping the United States together. It ran John Bell for President and Edward Everett for Vice-President. They got about one eighth of the popular vote, mostly from the South and the border states.

Ya Boy

William Joseph Crawford (born January 28, 1984) is an American rapper. He is better known by his stage name, Ya Boy. 

Ya Boy was written about in a column by The Source magazine called "Unsigned Hype" before being signed to Akon's record label, "Konvict Records".


Miniseries

A miniseries (also known as mini-series), in a serial storytelling medium, is a production which tells a story in a planned limited number of episodes. 



Elastic collision

An elastic collision is when two objects collide and bounce back with little or no deformation. For example, two rubber balls bouncing together would be elastic. Two cars hitting each other would be inelastic, as the cars crumple, and do not bounce back. In a perfectly elastic collision (the simplest case), no kinetic energy is lost, and so the kinetic energy of the two objects after the collision is equal to their total kinetic energy before the collision. Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms (heat, sound). The other rule to remember when working with elastic collisions is that momentum is conserved.

Consider two particles, indicated by subscripts 1 and 2. Let "m" and "m" be the masses, "u" and "u" be the velocities before the collision and "v" and "v" be the velocities after collision.
Since it is an elastic collision, the total momentum before the collision is the same as the total momentum after the collision. Given that momentum (p) is calculated as
We can calculate the momentum before the collision to be:
and the momentum after the collision to be:
Setting the two equal gives us our first equation:

The second rule we use is that the total kinetic energy remains the same, meaning that the initial kinetic energy is equal to the final kinetic energy.

The formula for kinetic energy is:
So, using the same variables as before: The initial kinetic energy is:
The final kinetic energy is:
Setting the two to be equal ( since the total kinetic energy remains the same):

These equations may be solved directly to find "v" when "u" are known or vice versa. Here is a sample problem, which can be solved using either conservation of momentum, or conservation of energy:

For example:

After collision:

Using Conservation of Momentum:

After doing multiplication, and then subtracting formula_11 from both sides, we get:

Summing the left side, then dividing by formula_13 gives us:

We could have also solved this problem using Conservation of Energy:

Multiplying both sides by formula_18, and then do all the required multiplications gives us:
Adding the numbers on the left, subtracting formula_20 from both sides, and dividing by formula_13 gives us:
Taking the square root of both sides gives us an answer of formula_23.

Unfortunately, we'd still need to use conservation of momentum to figure out whether formula_24 is positive or negative.

Eastern Kentucky University

Eastern Kentucky University is a university in Kentucky in the United States. Eastern Kentucky's athletics teams are called the Colonels and they have 15 varsity teams and have a rivalry with Western Kentucky University. The president of Eastern Kentucky is Dr. Charles Doug Whitlock.


Shaun Toub

Shaun Toub is an Iranian-American movie and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his role as Farhad in the 2004 movie "Crash", as Rahim Khan in the movie "The Kite Runner", as Yinsen in the movie "Iron Man" and as "Iroh" in the movie "The Last Airbender".


Nicktoons (American TV channel)

Nicktoons is an American digital cable and satellite television network owned by Viacom. It is a sister service of the Nickelodeon cable channel. The network broadcasts Nickelodeon's animated series, Nicktoons, along with other original animated series and foreign animation from other Nickelodeon networks overseas 24 hours a day. The slogan for the network is "Big Stars, Animated."

Michael Adams

Michael Adams (born 17 November 1971 in Truro, Cornwall) is a British chess grandmaster (1989). His highest ranking was world #4, achieved several times from October 2000 to October 2002. He achieved a peak FIDE rating of 2755. 
He has achieved superb results in World Chess Championship tournaments. At the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004, he reached the final, narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games.

Adams won the British Chess Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen. Making only rare appearances, he won (jointly) in 1997, and won again in 2010 and 2011. A fine score of 6½/7 in the 2011 European Club Championship marked a return to form, but his results are no longer so consistent as they used to be.


Sodium carbonate

Sodium carbonate is a chemical compound. It is composed of sodium and carbonate ions. Its chemical formula is NaCO. It is a base. It reacts with acids to produce carbon dioxide. It is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with carbon dioxide or by heating sodium bicarbonate. It is produced industrially by the Solvay process. It is used to make glass. It is also used in pools and cooking. It is used as an electrolyte.


Solvay process

The Solvay process is a way to make sodium carbonate and sodium dicarbonate invented by Ernest Solvay. It is essentially the reaction of carbon dioxide with ammonia and sodium chloride to produce ammonium chloride and sodium bicarbonate. The sodium bicarbonate may be heated to produce sodium carbonate.The process consists of saturation of cold, concentrated solution of sodium chloride with ammonia.


Potassium carbonate

Potassium carbonate, also known as potash or pearl ash, is a chemical compound. It is made of potassium and carbonate ions. Its chemical formula is KCO.

Potassium carbonate is a white solid. It dissolves in water. It is similar to sodium carbonate. It reacts with acids to make carbon dioxide and a potassium salt. It does not dissolve in alcohol. It is basic. It is a mild drying agent.

It is made by the reaction of carbon dioxide with potassium hydroxide.

It is used to soften water (remove some of the ions from water) and make soap. It is used to put out fires. It can be used as an electrolyte to electrolyze water.


Bicarbonate

Bicarbonate is an anion (a negatively-charged ion). Its chemical formula is HCO. It reacts with acids to produce carbon dioxide. A sample compound is sodium bicarbonate. It forms carbonate when heated.



Yokohama Station

Yokohama Station () is a railway station of JR East, Keihin Electric Express Railway, Sagami Railway, Tokyu Corporation, Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company, and the Yokohama Municipal Subway in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Minatomirai Station

Minatomirai Station () is a railway station of Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Motomachi-Chūkagai Station

Motomachi-Chūkagai Station (元町・中華街駅,もとまち・ちゅうかがいえき) is a railway station of Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


KFAX

KFAX is a radio station in San Francisco Bay Area, California. The station aired its first broadcast on January 3, 1925. KFAX is registered in San Francisco, California. The station is owned by Salem Communications.

Don't Bother Me

"Don't Bother Me" is the first song written by George Harrison to appear on an album by The Beatles. It was on the group's "With the Beatles" album in the UK, released in 1963, and on their "Meet the Beatles!" album in the U.S., released in 1964.

Harrison wrote the song while sick in bed at a hotel room in Bournemouth, England, where the Beatles were playing some shows during the summer of 1963. Harrison never regarded it highly, saying, "It was a fairly crappy song. I forgot all about it completely once it was on the album." He considered it an exercise in whether he could write a song, later saying, "at least it showed me that all I needed to do was keep on writing, and then maybe eventually I would write something good." Harrison received a writing credit for two earlier songs, "In Spite of All the Danger" (McCartney/Harrison) and "Cry for a Shadow" (Harrison/Lennon). Both were recorded by the Beatles but neither was released officially by the band until 1995's "Anthology 1" compilation. "Don't Bother Me" is considered Harrison's first song by most (including the composer himself).

The sullen mood and sad lyrics—"So go away, leave me alone, don't bother me"—were unusual for the Beatles at the time but would become characteristic for Harrison. The song mostly stays in a minor key and achieves a thick sound through its double-tracked vocal, reverbed guitars, and busy drumming. The elaborate percussion lends the song a Latin rhythm accentuated by its stop-time structure.

The Beatles recorded the song on 11 and 12 September 1963. They were not satisfied with the version recorded on the 11th and did a remake on the 12th.

"Don't Bother Me" is one of several songs featured in "A Hard Day's Night", during a scene where the Beatles dance at a nightclub while McCartney's grandfather gambles elsewhere. At the end of the movie, it is noted as a Lennon/McCartney composition rather than a Harrison composition.

British singer Gregory Phillips released a version of "Don't Bother Me" as his third single. Though unsuccessful, this was the first cover version of a Harrison composition.



Negotiation

A negotiation is a formal discussion to reach agreement about an issue. It is an important method to reduce conflict, and to get things done. Examples:


Eupeodes lapponicus

Eupeodes lapponicus is a common European species of hoverfly. It is sometimes known as the Lapland syrphid fly.

Josh Bidwell

Joshua John Bidwell (born March 13, 1976 in Winston, Oregon) used to be an American Football punter.

Bidwell was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Green Bay Packers with the 133rd pick in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He was diagnosed with testicular cancer on September 1, 1999. Bidwell played with the Packers from 1999 to 2003. He was then signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and he played with them from 2004 to 2009. He played for the Washington Redskins in 2010.


Peabody River State Fish and Wildlife Area

Peabody River State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on in Randolph County, Illinois, United States.


Dick Irvin

James Dickinson Irvin, Jr. (born July 19, 1892 – May 15, 1957) was a professional Canadian ice hockey centre. He played his playing career for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) and also coached hockey in the NHL. Irvin's son Dick Irvin, Jr. is a retired sports broadcaster and author.

Irvin won 4 Stanley Cups in his coaching career, one in 1932 with the Toronto Maple Leafs and 3 in 1944, 1946, and 1953 with the Montreal Canadiens.

Irvin was born on July 19, 1892 in Hamilton, Ontario and died on May 15, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois.

He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1958.

East Jensens Island

East Jensens Island is an uninhabited island of the Lincoln Sea, Greenland. The island has an area of 163.7 km ² and has a shoreline of 57.2 kilometres.

Sulfur oxide

Sulfur oxide can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Tony Miles

Tony Miles (Anthony John Miles, 23 April 1955 – 12 November 2001) was an English chess Grandmaster.

In 1973 Miles won the silver medal at the World Junior Chess Championship at Teesside, his first important event against international competition. He won the title next year in Manila.

Miles entered the University of Sheffield to study mathematics, but dropped out to concentrate on chess.

In 1976, Miles became the first ever FIDE Grandmaster born in the United Kingdom, narrowly beating Raymond Keene to the title. Other English players had been acknowledged as true Grandmasters in the past. Howard Staunton, the 19th century World Champion, was obviously a grandmaster. Joseph Blackburne was also regularly described as a grandmaster. Naturalised German-born Jacques Mieses was awarded the GM title in 1950; and Jonathan Penrose was awarded the title retrospectively. For his achievement, Miles won a £5,000 prize.

Miles had a string of good results in the late 1970s and 1980s, and his success was a factor in the growth of strong British players shortly after Miles became a GM. Miles won games against a number of former World Chess Champions, including Vasily Smyslov, Mikhail Tal, and Boris Spassky. In 1980 at the European Team Championship in Skara, he beat reigning world champion Anatoly Karpov with black using the extremely unorthodox opening 1. e4 a6!?, the so-called English Defence. Miles beat Karpov again three years later in Bath in a game that was part of the BBC's "Mastergame" series, but it was never shown on television due to a technicians' strike. However, over their careers, Karpov won most of the other encounters.

Miles won the British Chess Championship only once, in 1982. His prime time as a chess player was in the middle of the eighties. In the January 1984 FIDE rating system, he ranked #18 in the world with a rating of 2599. One of his best (and most controversial) results was his win at the Tilburg tournament in 1984. The following year, he tied for first there with Robert Hübner and Viktor Korchnoi, playing several of his games while lying face-down on a table, having injured his back.

Playing on top board for England, Miles helped his team to an all-time best silver medal at the 1986 Chess Olympiad in Dubai. But he was never able to qualify for the Candidates' series for the world title, and was overtaken by fellow Englishman Nigel Short in 1985.

Against Garry Kasparov Miles had little success, not winning a game against him, and losing a 1986 match in Basel against him by the overwhelming score of 5.5–0.5. Following this encounter, Miles described Kasparov as a "monster with a thousand eyes who sees all".

After he was hospitalized because of a mental breakdown in late 1987, Miles moved to the United States. He finished last in the 1988 US Championship, but continued to play there and had some good results. In 1991, he played in the Championship of Australia, but he eventually moved back to England, and began to represent his home country again. He was equal first at the very strong Cappelle-la-Grande Open in 1994, 1995 and 1997. He also won the Capablanca Memorial in Cuba three times (1995, 1996, and 1999). His last tournament victory was the 2001 Canadian Open Chess Championship in Sackville, New Brunswick.

Miles played in the 2001 British Championship, but withdrew before the final round, apparently because of ill-health.

The "Miles Variation" (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 b6 4.Bf4) in the Queen's Indian Defence is named after him.

In his later years, Miles became grossly overweight, and suffered from diabetes. A post mortem found that this contributed to his death by heart failure.

Miles was in many ways a controversial figure. He had his disagreements with chess authorities and with his fellow English players, particularly Keene and Short. Miles made accusations regarding payments that Keene had received from the British Chess Federation for acting as his second (assistant) in the 1985 Interzonal tournament in Tunis. Miles became rather obsessed with the affair, eventually suffering a mental breakdown over it. He was arrested in September 1987 in Downing Street, apparently under the belief that he had to speak to the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher about the matter. He was subsequently hospitalised for two months. Writing in the Daily Telegraph in November 2003, Nigel Short claimed that "Tony was insanely jealous of my success, and his inability to accept that he was no longer Britain's number one was an indication of, if not a trigger for, his descent into madness".

Miles was also noted for his acerbic wit. He often attacked chess personalities in published articles. He attacked former World Champion Anatoly Karpov in an article entitled "Has Karpov lost his marbles?" .




Reheselja

Reheselja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Bobby Roode

Robert "Bobby" Francis Roode Jr. (born May 11, 1976) is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he is a producer. As an active wrestler in the WWE, he became a one-time NXT, United States and WWE 24/7 Champion, and a three-time Tag Team Champion (two reigns as Raw Tag Team Champion with Chad Gable and Dolph Ziggler and one as SmackDown Tag Team Championship with Ziggler).

He is also known for his 12-year run for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. He was a member of the stable Team Canada, and the tag team Beer Money, Inc., along with James Storm. Together they are five-time TNA World Tag Team Champions and the longest reigning champions in TNA history. As a singles wrestler, Roode is a two-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion, with his first reign being the second longest reign in the company's history at 256 days.



Emmaste

Emmaste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Haldi, Estonia

Haldi is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Haldreka

Haldreka is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

The Great Milenko

The Great Milenko is the fourth studio album by American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse. It was released on June 25, 1997 by Hollywood Records. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the fourth of the "Joker Cards" in the band's Dark Carnival series of concept albums. Three singles were released from the album. Most of the reviews of the album were bad.

Harju, Emmaste Parish

Harju is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Jausa

Jausa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kabuna

Kabuna is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kaderna

Kaderna is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kõmmusselja

Kõmmusselja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Külaküla

Külaküla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Külama

Külama is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Laartsa

Laartsa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Leisu

Leisu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Tärkma

Tärkma is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Emmaste Parish

Emmaste is a rural municipality of the Estonian county of Hiiumaa, at the south of the island.

Emmaste, Haldi, Haldreka, Harju, Härma, Hindu, Jausa, Kabuna, Kaderna, Kitsa, Kõmmusselja, Külaküla, Külama, Kurisu, Kuusiku, Laartsa, Lassi, Leisu, Lepiku, Metsalauka, Metsapere, Muda, Mänspe, Nurste, Ole, Prassi, Prähnu, Pärna, Rannaküla, Reheselja, Riidaküla, Selja, Sepaste, Sinima, Sõru, Tilga, Tohvri, Tärkma, Ulja, Valgu, Vanamõisa, Viiri, Õngu.

Metsalauka

Metsalauka is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Nurste

Nurste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sõru

Sõru is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sepaste

Sepaste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Viiri

Viiri is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Prassi

Prassi is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Encyclopedia Americana

Encyclopedia Americana is an encyclopedia in English published by Scholastic.


Ulja

Ulja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sinima

Sinima is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Prähnu

Prähnu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Deepwater Horizon oil spill

The "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill or the BP oil spill, the Gulf of Mexico spill, or the Macondo blowout, was an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. It was the largest marine oil spill in history. 
The spill was caused by an oil gusher when the drilling machines exploded on April 20, 2010. The explosion killed 11 workers and injured 17 people. 

They first tried to fix the leak, but that did not work. On July 19, the leak was stopped by putting a cap on top of the broken wellhead pipe. About 7.9 million barrels (780×10 m) of crude oil spilled out before the well was fixed. The amount of oil coming out of the broken well probably started at about 52,000 barrels per day (9,900 m/d) and gradually went down after that.

The spill damaged animal and plant habitats as well as the Gulf's fishing and tourism businesses. Scientists also found oil underwater that could not be seen from the top. People worked to protect hundreds of miles of beaches, wetlands, and estuaries along the northern Gulf coast. The U.S. Government named British Petroleum (BP) as responsible. The company has paid for cleaning up and other damage. By the end of 2011, the U.S. Coast Guard’s Operational Scientific Advisory Team said that there were no more ocean areas needing special cleanup from the oil spill. They were not sure of the condition of the shore.
On May 27, 2010, U.S. President Barack Obama temporarily stopped new drilling for offshore oil rigs. He also made new safety rules to try to stop other oil spills from happening. British Petroleum (BP Oil) owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig. This company was mostly responsible for the damage caused by the oil spill. They paid out several billion dollars to help people who could not work after the oil spill and to pay for cleanup efforts.

Information in this section is from Upton, Harold F. "The Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill" and the Gulf of Mexico Fishing Industry. "Congressional Research Service Report for Congress", February 17, 2011, and the references they contain.

On May 3, 2010, The Gulf Coast Claims Center began to pay for emergency help to businesses and people (such as fishermen) who could not work because of the oil spill. By the end of August, 2010, The Gulf Coast Claims Center had paid more than $395 million. About one third of this money was paid to the fishing industry. By February, 2011, the GCCF had paid about $751 million to people in the business of fishing. People will have three years to figure their costs and ask GCCF for payment.

BP also started a program, called the Vessels of Opportunity Program, to hire local people (who would have been fishing) to use their boats to help clean up the spilled oil. However the program made little or no impact on the spill as the vessels were not fitted with recovery equipment.

There are also other ways for those in the U.S. fishing industry to get paid back for money they lost because of the Gulf oil spill. For example, the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund was started after the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill to help people hurt by oil spills. Another law, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act lets the U.S. government give help when the Secretary of Commerce sees that all the fishing has failed in one place.

On May 2, 2010, 12 days after the blow up and fire of the Deepwater Horizon, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) closed 6,817 square miles of the Gulf of Mexico to fishing. The reason was to make sure that seafood that might be poisoned by the oil would not be sold and maybe make people sick. The U.S. government closed large areas to fishing from the middle of the Atchafalaya Bay of Louisiana, across the coasts of Mississippi and Alabama, and as far as Panama City, Florida. State waters were also closed to fishing in much of the same area. The largest area closed to fishing was 88,522 sq. miles (229,270 km) on June 2, 2010. By the end of November, 2010, most of the waters were opened to fishing again, with only 1041 sq miles (2697 km) still closed. However, there was still some oil residue to be found. For example, tar balls were sometimes found in shrimper’s nets.

Many animals and plants were killed by the Gulf oil spill. Scientists found dead, oil-covered animals including as birds, fish, shrimp, and oysters. Large, decaying fish covered in the thick, dark oil washed up on some beaches. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) found 1,746 birds. 1,014 of these birds had oil on them, 997 were dead, and 749 were alive. The NOAA also found 528 sea turtles, with 400 dead, and 128 alive. The NOAA found 51 mammals, including dolphins, with 47 dead and 4 alive. Some scientists cut open dead fish to look at the inside and found the oil was inside the gills and the heart.

Because fishing was stopped, many small fishing supply stores could not make money. The fishing companies did not have enough fish and lost customers. Normally, many people travel to this area to fish for fun. Because of the oil spill, fewer people traveled there. Therefore, travel businesses and people who help the visitors also lost money.

East of Mobile Bay, damage from oil spill cleanup crews and vehicles caused more damage to the fragile dune habitat than the oil spill itself. Dune habitats can be destroyed by nothing more than light foot traffic and in no way can support the egress of hundreds of vehicles being deployed. Despite large amounts of supporting evidence, BP still denies this and apparently has persons editing and or reverting Wikipedia articles in order to cover up collateral problems associated with the accident.

Scientists have thought about how much the plants and animals in the Gulf of Mexico would be changed after the oil spill. In general, chemicals in oil can hurt fish and shellfish. In the early life stages, many kinds of fish grow near the shore. Therefore, oil at the shore might change how many fish there are in future years. Also, affected species are part of a food web or provide living areas for other kinds. These things are possible, but there are not yet many actual data of how the fish and shellfish are doing after the oil spill. Most of the shrimp grow in one year. Therefore, changes in the number of shrimp caused by the Gulf oil spill will be known one or two years after the spill. It takes years for many kinds of fish to grow large enough to keep for food. Therefore, it will take years to know the effects of the Gulf oil spill on the very small fish.

The NOAA is still helping animals hurt by the Gulf oil spill. However, not many more are being reported. Instead, the NOAA is spending more time letting wildlife go back into the ocean. For example, sea turtles that were saved from the oil are being let back into the wild ocean. NOAA scientists on research boats have also been measuring whether it is now safe to eat fish from the Gulf (they have found that it is safe).

Counting done by Dauphin Island Sea Lab after the oil spill off the coasts of Mississippi and Alabama found that there were actually more of some kinds of fish a few months after the oil spill. Some scientists think that the closing of fishing areas kept the total number of fish high in spite of the oil spill.

One-third of the oysters sold in the United States come from Louisiana. However, the places where oysters grow have been hurt by recent hurricanes, higher than usual amounts of fresh water coming down the rivers (oysters need salt water) and also the Gulf oil spill. The Louisiana Division of Wildlife and Fisheries have been working with scientists at universities on better ways to grow oysters. Also, in June, 2011, more than 100 million oyster seeds and 500,000 baby oysters were put in test areas to help the oyster areas to grow back.

The US National Marine Fisheries Service thought that the 2011 brown shrimp harvest from waters off of Mississippi and Louisiana would be only slightly lower than usual. It was a much better harvest than in 2010 after the oil spill. Weather in the spring of 2011 was good for growing conditions for the brown shrimp.


Lithium hydroxide

Lithium hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiOH. It contains lithium and hydroxide ions. 

Lithium hydroxide is a white solid.It is totally white in colour. It can be anhydrous (without extra water molecules attached) or hydrated (water added to it). It dissolves in water to make a basic solution. It reacts with acids to make lithium salts. 

Lithium hydroxide is made by reacting lithium carbonate with calcium hydroxide. A calcium carbonate solid is made and a lithium hydroxide solution is left behind. It can also be made by reacting lithium with water or by reacting lithium oxide with water. 

It is used in spaceships to absorb carbon dioxide. It reacts with carbon dioxide to make lithium carbonate. This prevents people from suffocating in a spaceship. Lithium hydroxide is used to make lithium greases. They are resistant to water and can be used in high or low temperatures. It is used to transfer heat. It can be used in electrolytes. It is also used to prevent corrosion in some nuclear reactors. It can be used to glaze ceramics and make cement.

Lithium hydroxide is corrosive, like the other alkali metal hydroxides. It is also a little toxic because it has lithium in it. It can burn skin.


Tilga, Hiiu County

Tilga is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Tohvri, Hiiu County

Tohvri is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Valgu, Hiiu County

Valgu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Vanamõisa, Hiiu County

Vanamõisa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Riidaküla

Riidaküla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Metsapere

Metsapere is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Mänspe

Mänspe is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Great tit

The great tit ("Parus major") is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. It is found throughout Europe, the Middle East, Central and Northern Asia, and parts of North Africa. Most great tits do not migrate except in places with harsh winters. 

The great tit has a black head and throat. The back is olive-green and the stomach is yellow. It has a white spot on its cheek. The great tit is 12.5-14.0 centimetres long and weighs 16-21 grams. It is a song bird, and has up to 40 kinds of songs and sounds.

In the summer it eats insects and spiders. The great tit eats for example cockroach and grasshopper. 

The female lays about 12 eggs and broods them by herself. Both parents take care of the baby birds. The great tit feeds its fledglings on protein-rich caterpillars.

Bayda, Libya

Bayda or Al Bayda is a city in Libya. It is the capital of Al Jabal al Akhdar. Albayda was the first city to start the 17th of February revolution. It is on a high plateau and, until the unification of the two Yemen states in 1990, was part of North Yemen (Sanaa), though it lay near the disputed frontier with South Yemen (Aden).

Shin-Takashima Station

Shin-Takashima Station (新高島駅,しんたかしまえき) is a railway station of Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Booby

A booby is a seabird in the genus Sula, in the order Suliformes. Boobies are large birds with long pointed wings and bills. They hunt fish and squid by diving into the sea and chasing their prey underwater. Facial air sacs under their skin help protect the impact with the water. Boobies get their name because of their lack of fear of humans. Early mariners named them boobies to denote their believed lack of intelligence.

Sakuragichō Station

Sakuragichō Station () is a railway station of JR East, Yokohama Municipal Subway in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Chicken turtle

The chicken turtle ("Deirochelys reticularia") is a freshwater turtle found in the southeastern United States. It has a long neck and a brownish shell with yellow lines on it. Their shells are 10 to 15 cm (4 to 6 inches) in length.

Pink fairy armadillo

The pink fairy armadillo ("Chlamyphorus truncatus") or pichiciego is the smallest species of armadillo. It is found in central Argentina where it lives in dry grasslands and sandy plains. 

The armadillo's body is 84–117 mm long and its tail is 27-35 mm long. They usually weigh 85 grams. Their armor is a pale pink, and their legs are covered with little white hairs. There is not enough information to say whether it is an endangered species.

The pink fairy armadillo, scientifically know as the Chlamyphorus truncatus, is the smallest living armadillo and one of the least-known burrowing mammals. They are native to central Argentina and are distinguished by their carapace consisting of hardened scales and osteoderms. Additionally, its skin and shell possess distinct features not found in other armadillos. This species exhibits predominantly subterranean behavior, which is a rare trait among burrowing mammals. This differentiation is important because it shows that they the specific skin under their shield suggests biomechanics adaptions, such as advancements in the displacement through the tunnels of sandy soils. 

In that environment, the diminutive, pink-hued creature burrows in search of insects, its primary food source. It displays remarkable excavation abilities, swiftly hiding itself from predators like foxes and owls by completely burying itself in a matter of seconds. Its carapace is multi-purposed used for protecting and shielding itself from predators, in addition to allowing it to move efficiently underground. 

Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever

The Nova Scotia Duck-Tolling Retriever is a breed of sport and hunting dog that originated in Canada in the 19th century to help hunters with attracting ducks within gunshot range and bringing the duck back to the hunter. They stand 17-21 inches (43 to 53 cm) and weigh 43 to 51 pounds (19 to 23 kg). They are the smallest of the retrievers. Its thick coat of fur protects it from the icy cold water.

The Four Stages of Cruelty

The Four Stages of Cruelty is a series of four printed engravings. They were published by the English artist William Hogarth in 1751. Every print is about a different part of life of Tom Nero, a fictional (not real) character.

The "First stage of Cruelty" shows Nero, when he is a child, hurting a dog. In the "Second stage of cruelty", Nero, who is an adult, beats his horse. Then in "Cruelty in perfection", he becomes a robber and murders his pregnant lover. At last, in "The reward of cruelty", his body is taken from the gallows after his execution and is cut up into pieces by surgeons. This last annotation refers directly to the act of parliament then under consideration and passed in 1752 which changed the law to require the bodies of executed murderers to be surrendered to the surgeons for use in anatomy classes and only buried after they had been anatomized. The act was created in response to the increase in murders, especially in the suburbs of London.

William Hogarth, who had been very unhappy at the acts of cruelty that he saw on the streets of London, printed the pictures for moral learning. They were printed on cheap paper for poor people. The pictures are rougher and more violent than Hogarth's other works, which usually have touches of humor. He had felt he needed to do this to make people understand his message. However, the pictures still have the small, careful details that Hogarth is famous for.

Like most of his other prints, such as "Beer Street" and "Gin Lane", Hogarth wanted "The Four Stages of Cruelty" to be a warning against cruel and evil acts, and that it was easy for a small bully to become a criminal. He wished to stop "that barbarous (mean) treatment of animals, the very sight of which renders (makes) the streets of our metropolis so distressing (terrible) to every feeling mind". Hogarth loved animals. When he painted a portrait of himself, he included his pug in the picture. He also marked the graves of his dogs and birds at his home in Chiswick.

Hogarth was pleased with his pictures. "European Magazine" reported that he said to a person who sold books named Mr. Sewell:

In his unfinished "Apology for Painters" he added:
In his 1817 book "Shakespeare and His Times", Nathan Drake said that picture in the first plate changed the opinion of people about "throwing at cocks", and encouraged them to be firmer about stopping the people who did these things.

Some people, however, did not like the series very much. Charles Lamb said that the series were not as good as Hogarth's other works. Art historian Allan Cunningham also disliked the series:

Getting Things Done

Getting Things Done (GTD) is a way of organizing all the things a person has to do. The method was made by David Allen. He has written a book about this subject, with the title of his method.

The Getting Things Done method follows a simple rule: by writing down all tasks your mind is free to focus on the task at hand. In this way, the mind does not have to remember all the things he still has to do.


Uncle Sam

Uncle Sam was first featured on a poster during World War I. It was used to get men and women to sign up for the army. Citizenship and duty went together with Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam is based on a real person named Samuel Wilson, who lived in Troy, New York. He owned a meat packing business with his brother. During the War of 1812, he supplied food for the American soldiers. The food barrels had a “U.S.” on them for United States. The troops knew Samuel was sending the food and called it “Uncle Sam’s.” In 1813 Uncle Sam became the nickname for the US Federal Government. People began to draw Uncle Sam in different ways. Thomas Nast was the first to popularize the image of Uncle Sam, from 1860-1870. Nast gave him a white beard and a Stars and Stripes suit. However, Uncle Sam was not yet done changing. By the early 1900s, Uncle Sam looked nothing like Samuel Wilson. In 1916, James Montgomery Flagg drew his own version of Uncle Sam. In his version Uncle Sam was wearing a tall top hat, blue jacket, and was pointing straight at the viewer. His version was put on the cover of Leslie’s Weekly with the caption “What Are You Doing For Preparedness?” In 1917 Flagg’s Uncle Sam reappeared as a poster with the caption “I Want You.” This poster was used all throughout World War I. The poster reappeared in World War II. Flagg’s illustration is now the standard for Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam has become one of the most iconic images in American politics.

Frederic William Henry Myers

Frederic William Henry Myers (1843 – 1901) was a classical scholar, poet, philosopher, and past president of the Society for Psychical Research.

Frederic William Henry Myers was educated at Cheltenham College, and Trinity College, Cambridge where he received a B.A. in 1865.

In 1900 Myers was president of the Society for Psychical Research.

In 1903, after Myers death, "Human Personality and Its Survival of Bodily Death" was compiled and published. It was two large books at 1,360 pages in length, which presented an overview of Myers' research into the unconscious mind. 

Frederic Myers had a big influence on William James, Pierre Janet, Théodore Flournoy and Carl Jung.


Joseph Blackburne

Joseph Henry Blackburne (Manchester, 10 December 1841 – London, 1 September 1924), nicknamed 'The Black Death', was the leading British chess Grandmaster during the later part of the 19th century. 

Blackburne learned the game at the relatively late age of 18 but quickly became a strong player. He went on to develop a professional chess career that spanned over 50 years. At one point he was the world's second most successful player, with a string of tournament victories behind him. Blackburne especially enjoyed giving simultaneous and blindfold displays around the country. Blackburne also annotated a collection of his own games (explained the moves), and was a chess correspondent for a leading journal until his death.

Blackburne was fond of Scotch whisky, and often drank during a display. He once drank his opponent's glass, and said: "He left it "en prise", and I took it "en passant!"" Much loved, he was supported by subscriptions from his fans in his last years.

Stile

A stile is a simple wooden structure which helps people to climb over a fence in the countryside. Where there is a footpath (a right of way) which goes through a field with animals, there may be a stile so that walkers can climb over out of the field. The stile is there instead of a gate. If there were a gate and there were animals in the field, the animals could escape if the gate were left open. Stiles are, of course, a problem for people who are disabled.

There are many stiles in the countryside in the United Kingdom. Another way of letting walkers through but keeping animals in is to use a kissing gate.


Behaviorism

Behaviorism is an approach to study behavior based only on what can be directly seen. Behaviorists focus on relationships between stimuli and responses.

Unseen qualities such as states of mind (any condition which is significantly different from a normal waking state e.g. as a result of fear or anxiety) were not used in this type of study even though we know that the mind plays a part in all advanced animals' behaviors. Behaviorism states that behavior can be studied without knowing what the physiology of an event is, and without using theories such as that of the mind. By definition, all behavior can be observed.

Behaviorism also relied on another idea, that all human behavior was learned. Behaviorists believed that behavior could be explained by classical or operant conditioning. This is learning as a result of influences from past experiences. However, behaviorists denied the importance of inherited behaviors, instincts (inherent inclination of a living organism), or inherited tendency to behave. They did not believe, or ignored, the idea of heredity(passing of traits to offspring from parents), that something can come from a person's genes. This was the idea of the blank slate, that babies are born with a clean, empty mind. Humans, when born, are thought not to have mental experience or knowledge, and that everything is learned after they grow. The blank slate premise is opposed by modern evolutionary psychology.

Major contributors, scientists to the field of behaviorism include C. Lloyd Morgan, Ivan Pavlov, Edward Thorndike, John B. Watson and B.F. Skinner.

Pavlov researched classical conditioning through the use of dogs and their natural ability to salivate, produce water in their mouths. Thorndike and Watson rejected looking at one's own conscious thoughts and feelings ("Introspection"). They wanted to restrict psychology to experimental methods. Skinner's research leant mainly on behavior shaping using positive reinforcement (rewards rather than punishments).

Today, ideas from behaviorism are used in cognitive-behavioral therapy. Cognitive-behavioral therapy can help people deal with anxieties and phobias, as well as with certain forms of addiction.

As a scientific theory, behaviorism has largely been replaced by cognitive psychology.

The act of conditioning is when a wanted behavior is made through training. This is done by matching stimuli with a specific behavior. Some behaviors are natural reflexes which people (and animals) are born with. Infants are born with inherited reflexes that help them eat, communicate, and survive. These reflexes are unconditioned, they are not taught to the baby.

Classical conditioning (also known as Pavlovian conditioning) is when a conditioned stimulus causes an unconditioned response. This explains how people get new responses to different stimuli.

Another example of an unconditioned response is when wind is blown in a person's eyes and they blink without thinking to prevent dust or something from getting into them. This is a reflex that is innate.

Fear conditioning is when a stimulus that used to be a neutral stimulus is used to create fear. One main example is the Little Albert experiment by Watson and Rayner. The researchers tested infants' emotional reactions. They found that Little Albert would react to a loud noise and because of that he conditioned that noise to elicit fear when he saw a white rat. This came to be known as 'conditioned emotional response'. After a period of time, Little Albert would cry when he saw a white rat or anything small and white, even his stuffed animal.

Operant conditioning is also known as instrumental conditioning. It was studied by Thorndike and Skinner.


Pärna

Pärna is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Muda, Estonia

Muda küla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant

The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Iran. It is about southeast of the city of Bushehr. It is between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf.

The power plant was first planned back in the 1970s. German companies started the work in 1975, but stopped in 1979. Later, Russia took over the planning. The governments of Iran and Russia agreed to build the nuclear plant. It costs about $800 million dollars.

The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is now Iran's first nuclear power plant. It was first filled with nuclear material on 21 August 2010.

Härma, Hiiu County

Härma is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hindu, Hiiu County

Hindu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kitsa, Estonia

Kitsa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lepiku, Hiiu County

Lepiku is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kuusiku, Hiiu County

Kuusiku is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lassi, Hiiu County

Lassi is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Emmaste-Kurisu

Kurisu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Ole, Estonia

Ole is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Rannaküla, Hiiu County

Rannaküla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Õngu

Õngu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Emmaste-Selja

Selja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Border Collie

The Border Collie is a breed of dog that originated along the English-Scottish border. It is one of the most intelligent dog breeds. They have been used to herd livestock for over 300 years. It is also famous for a pet or show-dog. The border collie is about 20 inches (51 cm) in height and weighs 31 to 50 pounds (14 to 23 kg). It is usually a long-haired dog. Its coat is often black and white in color.

The Border Collie is a member of the collie dog breed group.

As with other herding and sheepdogs, border collies can be fiercely protective of their territory and their owners. This inclination (likelihood) to protect their family makes them ideal guard dogs. If a border collie notices anything new, they will always alert the family by barking loudly. 

Exercise is one of the most important aspects of caring for a Border Collie. The herding dog breed has had over a hundred years of genetic reinforcement (to strengthen) to provide them with intelligence, agility, and a high energy level to perform a job (wrangling sheep) that they generally no longer have to do. This is why Border Collies are not recommended for pet owners who may be unable to provide their dogs with high amounts of exercise.

Ala, Hiiu County

Ala is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Aruküla, Hiiu County

Aruküla is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hagaste

Hagaste is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pühalepa-Harju

Harju is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hausma

Hausma is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pyrolusite

Pyrolusite is the natural form (ore) of manganese dioxide. Its hardness is about 5 on the Mohs scale. It is used in batteries, although many batteries use artificial manganese dioxide. It is an oxide mineral.


Manganese(II) oxide

Manganese(II) oxide is a chemical compound. It contains manganese in its +2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is made by reduction of manganese(IV) oxide by hydrogen, carbon monoxide, or methane. It is also made by heating manganese carbonate.


Manganese carbonate

Manganese carbonate, also known as manganese(II) carbonate, is a chemical compound. It is a brownish powder with a chemical formula of MnCO. It can be heated to produce manganese(II) oxide and carbon dioxide. It is made by reacting a soluble manganese compound such as manganese(II) chloride with sodium carbonate. 


Manganese(II) chloride

Manganese(II) chloride is a chemical compound. It has a chemical formula of MnCl. It is a light pink crystalline solid. It is used to make manganese carbonate and manganese(II) oxide. It is made by reacting manganese with hydrochloric acid or hydrogen chloride. It is also made when manganese(IV) oxide is reacted with hydrochloric acid; this reaction also produces chlorine.


Manganese oxide

Manganese oxide can refer to either of the following compounds:


Minardi

Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor. It was founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi. It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005. The team was headquartered in Faenza, Italy. They had little success, but acquiring a loyal group of fans. In 2001 the team was nearly out of money, and was about to shut down. To save the team Mr. Minardi sold it to Australian businessman Paul Stoddart. Stoddart ran the team for five years. Then Stoddart sold the team to the energy drink company Red Bull in 2005. Red Bull renamed the team Scuderia Toro Rosso.

During its time in F1, the team scored a total of 38 championship points. 16 earned by the team's first driver, Pierluigi Martini. Martini also recorded the team's only front row start, 2nd at the United States Grand Prix. Martini led a lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix. The team never achieved a podium (top 3) finish. The best finishing position they managed was 4th place. Martini finished 4th twice in and Christian Fittipaldi in .

Before Minardi's demise, it was a well-liked team within Formula One circles. In the paddock, the team was known for it friendliness, accessibility, and lack of corporate culture. On the track, their cars were considered by many as well-designed for their tiny budget. They never had the money to spend compared to front-runners such as Ferrari and McLaren. Their low running position was a result of a lack of funds and engine power, rather than a poor car. They also resisted employing pay drivers more than most other teams short on money. Pay drivers are drivers who pay the team to drive the race car. Most professional race drivers are paid by a team to drive. Minardi produced an impressive list of former drivers. Two-time World Champion Fernando Alonso drove for them in . Former Minardi drivers who have gone on to win Grands Prix include Alessandro Nannini, Giancarlo Fisichella, Jarno Trulli and Mark Webber. Alex Zanardi, who drove as a substitute driver for Minardi in , went on to win two Champ Car titles. Justin Wilson and Christian Fittipaldi have also won races in premier North American open-wheel competition.

The Minardi family has a longstanding involvement in motorsport. The family has run a Fiat dealership since 1927. Giovanni Minardi competed in his own cars in the late 1940s. After his death, his son Giancarlo took over the racing part of the family business. He ran customer cars in Formula Two under various names from 1972 to 1979. Giancarlo briefly ran a customer Formula One Ferrari as Scuderia Everest in 1976. In 1979, he gaining financial backing Piero Mancini. Mancini was a well known Italian motor racing patron (supporter). This backing allowed Giancarlo to set up the Minardi racing team as a constructor.

The Minardi team first competed under that name in the 1980 European Formula Two championship. The team commissioned a BMW powered design from Giacomo Caliri's FLY studios. Caliri had earler build Fittipaldi Automotive team's F5A Formula One car. The Minardi team had four moderately successful Formula Two seasons with a variety of young drivers, including Alessandro Nannini and Johnny Cecotto. The team's most best result was a 1981 win at the Misano Circuit by Michele Alboreto. Minardi left the Formula Two division at the end of 1984. In 1986 a modified version of their final Formula Two car was entered in two rounds of the Formula 3000 championship. Formula 3000 had replaced Formula Two in 1985 Minardi did not have any success in Formula 3000.

During 1984, Minardi made the decision to enter Formula One the next year. Caliri designed the team's prototype Formula One car. The car was intended to be used for both Formula One and the new Formula 3000 series. The car was designed to use the Alfa Romeo's V8 turbocharged engine. When engineer Carlo Chiti left Alfa Romeo, he founded Motori Moderni. Minardi became the only customer for Chiti's new V6 engine design. The engine was not ready for the start of the , so the team converted their chassis, the M185. They used a Cosworth DFV V8 engine for the first two races. The single car team was unsuccessful in its first year. They did not score any points. The new engine was underpowered. Driver Pierluigi Martini finished only two races. Martini's best was 8th place.

The team expanded to two cars for the season. They had little success competing with the Motori Moderni engine. In they started using the Cosworth engines. The team became more competitive. By had become top entrant for tyre maker Pirelli's return to Formula One. The team were moderately successful in the middle of the field through the late 1980s and early 1990s. Minardi gave a number of Italian drivers their first chance at the top level, including Alessandro Nannini, Pierluigi Martini and Gianni Morbidelli. Martini in especially tied with Minardi, driving for them three different times. He drove for them on their debut in . Scored their first point in the United States Grand Prix. Took their only front-row start at USA Grand Prix, aided by special Pirelli tyres. Led their only lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix. Martini was one of the drivers that scored Minardi F1 result of 4th place.

Through the mid-1990s the team was at the beginning of the end of the Italian Formula One constructors. It was the first team in modern times to make use of customer engines. They used Ferrari engines in . In they switched to Lamborghini V12 engines. In they went to Ford engines. As the number of small teams shrank, Minardi slipped from the mid-field towards the back of the pack. The team was short on money. In Minardi joined his team with BMS Scuderia Italia in an effort to survive. The Minardi team was then controlled by Flavio Briatore.

Gabriele Rumi was an Italian businessman and the former owner of the Fondmetal Formula One team. Rumi had been sponsoring Tyrrell. In Rumi switched his sponsorship support to Minardi. He became more interested in the team, and became the co-owner and chairman. For the season the team were forced to use 1998 specification Ford Zetec-R V10 engines, which were renamed as Fondmetal engines. Rumi had contracted cancer, and was forced to withdraw his backing in 2000. The team scored very few points in this era. Only seven points were scored, four of them by Martini. Michele Alboreto scored his last point in Formula One with a sixth place in the Monaco Grand Prix. Pedro Lamy scored his one and only point in Formula One with a sixth place in the Australian Grand Prix.

The team, near financial collapse, was purchased by Australian businessman Paul Stoddart in early 2001. Stoddaart merged the team with his European Racing Formula 3000 team. During its final years, the Minardi team was almost as famous for its politics as its racing. Stoddart was described as the Formula One teams' unofficial representative. Stoddart tried to get the costs for the teams reduced. He asked to the other car manufacturers for help. He wanted an agreement where the independent teams in Formula One would get cheaper engine deals. In return, the teams that benefited from this deal would support the factory teams with the FIA. This would help the factory teams oppose new rule changes, such as the proposed ban on traction control.

Before the start of the season, Stoddart threatened to support the ban on traction control. Later he withdrew this threat. Before the Australian Grand Prix Stoddart threatened to withdraw his cars. There were new regulation in place for 2005. He claimed that Minardi could not afford to modify their cars. Once again Stoddart ended up withdrawing his threat. Several times, Stoddart called for the resignation of Max Mosley, the FIA's President.

One of Minardi's most famous performances came at the Australian Grand Prix. It was Australian driver Mark Webber's first Formula One race. At his and Stoddart's home grand prix, Webber brought the car home in fifth place finish. He scored two World Championship points, a rare occurrence for Minardi.

Minardi was represented in by two rookies, Italian Gianmaria "Gimmi" Bruni and Hungarian Zsolt Baumgartner. During the year, they celebrated their 20th season in F1. Baumgartner scored Minardi's first point in more than two years at the United States Grand Prix. Only eight cars finished the USGP, and Baumgartner finished 8th. Baumgartner was also the first Hungarian to score a point in a World Championship F1 race.

In , Minardi's drivers were Christijan Albers and Patrick Friesacher. They scored a total of 7 points, the most since the season. All of the points came from the debacle of the United States Grand Prix. They finished fifth and sixth. Only six cars started the race. None of the cars running Michelins started the race because of tyre problems. After Friesacher sponsors stopped paying him before the German Grand Prix, he was replaced by the Jordan test driver, Robert Doornbos. This created the first ever all-Dutch driver line-up in Formula One history.

Paul Stoddart stated that he would sell Minardi if he could find the right buyer. Stoddart said he had 41 offers to buy the team. His conditions for a sale was the ability of a buyer to move the team forward and leave the team based in Faenza. The drinks manufacturer Red Bull already owned one Formula One team, Red Bull Racing. They decided to set up a second team. They would promote American drivers through its young driver program, the Red Bull Driver Search.

On 10 September 2005 Red Bull announced it would take control of Minardi in November and run it as their "rookie team" from .

Minardi fans worldwide immediately started an online petition to save the Minardi team name and the team's 20-year heritage. The petition was not successful and the team was renamed Scuderia Toro Rosso for the 2006 season. The team's funding from Red Bull was increased. They started using the Red Bull chassis and Ferrari engines. Their results improved, and Toro Rosso scored their first win at the Italian Grand Prix.

Giancarlo Minardi and Paul Stoddart have both made use of the Minardi name in new motorsport ventures.

On 1 January 2006, Giancarlo Minardi re-acquired some rights to use the Minardi name in racing. He announced that he was licensing the Minardi name to an existing team GP Racing in the junior Euro Formula 3000 series, to be entitled 'Minardi Team by GP Racing'. The team raced with moderate success, scoring a podium in each leg of the Spa round in June 2006. For 2007, Minardi Team by GP Racing combined forces with GP2 team Piquet Sports, to form Minardi Piquet Sports. For 2008 the team is known simply as Piquet Sports.

In 2006, Paul Stoddart declared his intention to enter a new team called 'European Minardi F1 Team Ltd' into Formula One beginning in 2008. His application was unsuccessful, with the 12th place on the grid being awarded to Prodrive. Prodrive was unsuccessful in launching their F1 team. Stoddart turned his attentions to the U.S. based Champ Car series. On 18 December 2006, it was confirmed that he had purchased a controlling interest in the CTE Racing-HVM Champ Car team. The team would be renamed Minardi Team USA. In 2007, the team had some success. Robert Doornbos won two times and had several podium finishes. He finished third in the series, and won Rookie of the Year honors. The Champ Car series folded before the 2008 season. Stoddart's team entering the IndyCar Series under the HVM name.

Stoddart retains the right to use the Minardi name for a British-registered company.


Samuel Reshevsky

Samuel Reshevsky (Szmul Rzeszewski, near Łódź, 26 November 1911 – New York, 4 April 1992) was a Polish-American chess Grandmaster.

Sammy was a famous chess prodigy, and later a leading American chess Grandmaster. He was a contender for the World Chess Championship from about 1935 to the mid-1960s. He came equal third in the World Chess Championship 1948 tournament, and equal second in the 1953 Candidates Tournament. He was also an eight-time winner of the U.S. Chess Championship.

He was the greatest American player in the long period between Pillsbury (d.1906) and Fischer. Sammy was an Orthodox Jew, and did not play on the Jewish Sabbath: his tournament games were re-arranged. He was a regular top board for the USA at Chess Olympiads. He played in eight Olympiads, helping the U.S. team to win the gold in 1937.

Sammy was tremendously strong in matches, and the Soviets made sure he never got the chance to play Botvinnik in a match. He played eleven of the first twelve world champions, and drew a match against Fischer at the age of 49. His one weakness as a player was his time trouble. He used up so much of his time in the early stages of a game that he was often short of time at the end. This probably cost him the Candidates tournament in 1953.

Reshevsky was not a full-time chess player. He was a qualified accountant.


London Bridge

London Bridge is a bridge over the River Thames. It is in central London, and connects the City of London with Southwark. It is between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge.

On the south side of the bridge are Southwark Cathedral and London Bridge station. On the north side are the Monument to the Great Fire of London and Monument tube station.

It was previously the only bridge over the Thames downstream from Kingston until Putney Bridge opened in 1729. The current bridge opened on 17th March 1973 and is the latest in a succession of bridges to occupy the spot and claim the name.

The bridge carries part of the A3 road, which is maintained by the Greater London Authority; the bridge itself is owned and maintained by a charity overseen by the City of London Corporation.

The name London Bridge is often mistakenly applied to Tower Bridge, which is the next bridge downstream.There's also a Nursery rhyme and Folk song about London Bridge called <nowiki>"London Bridge is Falling Down"</nowiki>

A bridge has existed at or near the present site over the period from the Roman occupation of the area, nearly 2,000 years ago. The first bridge across the Thames in the London area, probably a military pontoon bridge, was built of wood by the Romans on the present site around 50 AD.

Around 59 AD, a piled bridge was constructed, and the local Britons built a small trading settlement next to it—the town of Londinium. The settlement and the bridge were destroyed in a revolt led by Queen Boudicca in 60 AD. The victory was short-lived, and soon afterwards the Romans defeated the rebels and set about building a new walled town. Some of the 2nd-century Roman wall has survived to this day. The new town and bridge were built around the position of the present bridge, providing access to the south-coast ports via Stane Street (the A3 route) and Watling Street (the A2).

The southern gatehouse, the Stone Gateway, became the scene of one of London's most notorious sights: a display of the severed heads of traitors, stuck on pikes and dipped in tar to preserve them. The head of William Wallace was the first to appear on the gate, in 1305, starting a tradition that was to continue for another 355 years. Other famous heads on pikes included those of Jack Cade in 1450, Thomas More in 1535, Bishop John Fisher in the same year, and Thomas Cromwell in 1540. In 1598 a German visitor to London counted over 30 heads on the bridge:
The practice was finally stopped in 1660.

The mediaeval bridge itself was demolished in 1831.

Until 1750 when Westminster Bridge was built, London bridge was the only structure crossing the River Thames.

The medieval bridge was replaced in 1831, but in 1967 it was dismantled and re-assembled as "London Bridge (Lake Havasu City) London Bridge" at Lake Havasu City, Arizona, now linking an island in the Colorado River with the main part of Lake Havasu City.

In 1968, the current bridge was built.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.

At 22:08 BST on 3 June 2017, a van rammed multiple pedestrians on London Bridge. The incident, along with a stabbing attack in Borough Market, led to seven deaths. Three presumed terrorists were shot dead by the police.


Heltermaa

Heltermaa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hiiessaare

Hiiessaare is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hilleste

Hilleste is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kõlunõmme

Kõlunõmme is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kukka

Kukka is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Leerimetsa

Leerimetsa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Linnumäe

Linnumäe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lõbembe

Lõbembe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Palade

Palade is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Suuresadama

Suuresadama is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Nõmba

Nõmba is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia. It is in the middle of a forest. Many of the old buildings have thatched roofs, which have been restored. There used to be seven windmills in the village in the early 1900s, but these have all been pulled down.

Bull Terrier

The Bull Terrier is a breed of dog that originated in 19th-century England from a mixture of other dogs. They were first used as fighting dogs. 

Bull terriers have a short coat, small triangular eyes and an egg shaped head. They are about 21–22 inches (53–56 cm) in height and weigh about 50–60 pounds (23–27 kg). Bull terriers are very strong for their size.


Bullmastiff

The Bullmastiff is a breed of dog. It started in 19th-century England. It is a mixture of a bulldog and a mastiff. It has a short tan, reddish-brown coat with black on the face and ears.
It stands and weighs . Bullmastiffs were originally used to discourage poaching and are now also used by police and as guard dogs.

Partsi

Partsi is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Chow Chow

The Chow Chow is a breed of dog that originated in China and is believed to be one of the oldest dog breed. It has a large head, a curly tail and a blue tongue. It has a thick coat of fur and can be either rough or smooth. Most Chow Chows are a reddish brown or black color. It stands about 17–20 inches (43–51 cm) and weighs 45–70 pounds (20–32 kg).

Fredonia

Fredonia can refer to any of the following places:

Chad Johnson

Chad Javon Johnson (born January 9, 1978 in Miami, Florida) is an American football wide receiver. He currently plays for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He has also played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cincinnati Bengals. Johnson was drafted out of the Oregon State University by the Cincinnati Bengals with the 36th pick in the second round of the 2001 NFL Draft.

On April 17, 2014, Johnson signed a two-year deal to play for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.

He was also known as Chad Ochocinco.


Kevin McKidd

Kevin McKidd (born 9 August 1973) is a Scottish actor. He has played many acting roles such as Lucius Vorenus on "Rome", as Dan Vasser on "Journeyman", as Poseidon on ", and as Dr. Owen Hunt on "Grey's Anatomy".

Meqabyan

Meqabyan (Amharic: መቃብያን), also called called Ethiopic Maccabees or Ethiopian Maccabees, are three books in the Ethiopian Orthodox Old Testament Biblical canon. These books are very different in content from the books of Maccabees in Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Bibles. The Maccabees described in these books are not those of the Hasmonean dynasty, and the "Five Holy Maccabean Martyrs" here do not match "Woman with seven sons", who were also called "Maccabees" and are revered throughout Orthodoxy as the "Holy Maccabean Martyrs".

These books were only written in Ethiopian languages for a long time, but have recently been translated into English.
According to this book, a certain man from the territory of Benjamin called Meqabis had three sons Abya (Amharic: አብያ- Abijah), Seela (Amharic: ሴላ- Shelah), and Pantos (Pantera), who opposed the tyrannical policies of the king and refused to worship his idols. Their account consumes only a short section of the book, spanning chapters 2 through chapter 5.  A second group of brothers are later introduced in Chapter 15. They are called: Yihuda (Amharic: ይሁዳ- Judah), Meqabis and Mebikyas, and they are said to have lead a successful revolt against the ruthless King Akrandis of Midian. This appears to be a historical allusion to the king Alexander I Balas, who ruled the Seleucid Empire after the death of Antiochius IV, and who supported the legitimacy of the Maccabees cause. However, in this folk rendering of history, Mebikyas enters the king's military camp and decapitates him at his dinner table, while his food was still in his mouth. The remainder of the book, chapters 16 to 36, have no dealing with the Maccabees (disambiguation) revolt and offer no further historical narrative. Their purpose is unknown, as they recount significant events from the Old Testament.


    Selassie, Feqade. Ethiopian Books of Meqabyan 1–3, in Standard English. 2008; Lulu Press Inc, Raleigh, NC

    Curtin, D.P. The 1st Book of Ethiopian Maccabees. 2017; Dalcassian Publishing, Philadelphia, PA


Bloodhound

The Bloodhound is a large breed of dog famous for its tracking ability by scent. It stands 23–27 inches (58–69 cm) tall and weighs 80–110 pounds (36–50 kg). It has a long nose, large ears with wrinkles on its face. Its fur is short and its coat is usually a brown and black color. Bloodhounds are known to be a gentle and affectionate breed. This breed lives an average of six years and nine months. Bloodhounds are often used by police because of their tracking ability.

Celosia

Celosia is a genus of plants in the family Amaranthaceae.

This plants grow in Eurasia, Africa, South America, and North America.

The number of species is more than 50. Some species:



Chris Kluwe

Christopher James Kluwe (born December 24, 1981 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a former American football Punter. Kluwe played for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). Kluwe was undrafted but played college football at the University of California.

He is a supporter of same-sex marriage and released a letter on Deadspin that he sent to Maryland state assembly delegate Emmett Burns. In the letter he defended the opinions of Baltimore Ravens linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo who is a supporter of same-sex marriage and criticized Burns for sending a letter to the Ravens owners to "inhibit such expressions" by their employee and trying to stifle Ayanbadejo's freedom of speech.


The Hangover (movie)

The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy movie and the first installment of the trilogy. The movie is directed by Todd Phillips, and stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, Ken Jeong, Heather Graham and Jeffrey Tambor. It follows three men looking for another friend in Las Vegas, before the wedding is cancelled.


The Hangover received mostly positive reviews:



Wheel theory

Wheel theory is the theory of wheels. A wheel is an algebraic structure where division by 0 has meaning. The term "wheel" was inspired by the topological picture formula_1.

A wheel is an algebraic structure satisfying(for all values formula_2, formula_3, and formula_4):


Wheels replace the usual division with a applied to one argument formula_15 similar (but not identical) to the multiplicative inverse formula_16, such that formula_17 becomes shorthand for formula_18. Also, formula_19 replaces the fraction formula_20.


Fundamental theorem of calculus

The fundamental theorem of calculus is central to the study of calculus. It is the theorem that shows the relationship between the derivative and the integral and between the definite integral and the indefinite integral. It is broken into two parts, the first fundamental theorem of calculus and the second fundamental theorem of calculus.

A definition for derivative, definite integral, and indefinite integral (antiderivative) is necessary in understanding the fundamental theorem of calculus. The derivative can be thought of as measuring the change of the value of a variable with respect to another variable. The definite integral is the net area under the curve of a function and above the x-axis over an interval [a,b]. The indefinite integral (antiderivative) of a function f is another function F whose derivative is equal to the first function f.

The history of the fundamental theorem of calculus begins as early as the seventeenth century with Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Isaac Newton. Leibniz looked at integration as the sum of infinite amounts of areas that are accumulated. As such, he references the important concept of area as it relates to the definition of the integral. Isaac Newton used geometry to describe the relationship between acceleration, velocity, and distance. This is key in understanding the relationship between the derivative and the integral; acceleration is the derivative of velocity, which is the derivative of distance, and distance is the antiderivative of velocity, which is the antiderivative of acceleration. In 1823, Cauchy defined the definite integral by the limit definition. Also in the nineteenth century, Siméon Denis Poisson described the definite integral as the difference of the antiderivatives [F(b) − F(a)] at the endpoints a and b, describing what is now the first fundamental theorem of calculus. It wasn’t until the 1950s that all of these concepts were tied together to call the theorem the fundamental theorem of calculus.

The first fundamental theorem of calculus states that if the function f(x) is continuous, then

formula_1

This means that the definite integral over an interval [a,b] is equal to the antiderivative evaluated at b minus the antiderivative evaluated at a. This gives the relationship between the definite integral and the indefinite integral (antiderivative).

The second fundamental theorem of calculus states that if the function f is continuous, then

formula_2

This means that the derivative of the integral of a function f with respect to the variable t over the interval [a,x] is equal to the function f with respect to x. This describes the derivative and integral as inverse processes. 

Brent Bowden

Brent Michael Bowden (born May 21, 1987 in Huntsville, Alabama) is an American football Punter that is currently a free agent in the National Football League (NFL). Bowden was drafted out of the Virginia Tech University with the 172nd pick in the sixth round of the 2010 NFL Draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.


Mafia II

Mafia II is the 2010 sequel to "". It was released on August 24, 2010 in North America and August 27, 2010 in the PAL region. The game is set in Empire Bay which is a parody of The Empire State, the nickname for New York in the years 1945 to 1951. "Mafia II" was protested by an Italian-American group because they thought the game was portraying ethnic stereotypes.

A third game and final sequel to "Mafia" is "Mafia III", it has been released in 2016.


The Amazing Jeckel Brothers

The Amazing Jeckel Brothers is the fifth studio album by American horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on May 25, 1999. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the fifth of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology. The album featured guest vocals such as Ol' Dirty Bastard, Snoop Dogg, The Jerky Boys and Twiztid.

Thomas Morstead

Thomas Morstead (born August 13, 1982 in Pearland, Texas) is an American football punter for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL). Morstead was drafted out of Southern Methodist University by the New Orleans Saints with the 164th pick in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Morstead won Super Bowl XLIV while part of the New Orleans Saints.


Southwark

Southwark ( ) is the main part of the inner London Borough of Southwark. It is on the Thames, south of London Bridge. It is often called just 'The Borough'. Southwark was once a separate town in Surrey, and was made part of London in 1889.

Southwark has several important buildings: Southwark Cathedral, London Bridge station and the Tate Modern art gallery. Two Roman roads met in Southwark: Watling Street and Stane Street. The area was marshy with islands in Roman times. They built the first London Bridge here.

The word 'Southwark' is pronounced "Suthuk".

London Bridge station

London Bridge station is a major railway and London Underground station in the London Borough of Southwark. It is immediately south-east of London Bridge and 1.6 miles (2.6 km) east of Charing Cross. It is the oldest railway terminus in London, opened in June 1839. There is also a bus station. It is the fourth busiest rail terminal in London. In addition, it is where many commuters transfer between lines.

The mainline station is one of 18 railway stations managed by Network Rail and is a major transport terminus and interchange for south London. Over 54 million people a year use the station.

The underground station is a junction station of two lines, the Jubilee Line and the Bank branch of the Northern Line. All underground platforms are accessed through ticket barriers. The station is in Travelcard Zone 1. It is south of the River Thames, so it does not have a direct connection to the Circle Line.

Watling Street

Watling Street is the name of an ancient route in England. It was first used by the Ancient Britons between Canterbury and St Albans. 

Later the Romans made it one of the main Roman roads in Britain. The Romans paved the route from London to the port of Dover, and from London to St Albans. 'Street' comes from the old word for paving. Eventually, the road stretched to Caerwent in Wales on the Severn estuary, just west of Chepstow.

Its route is now covered by the A2 road from Dover to London, and the A5 road from London to Wroxeter (Roman "Viriconium", in modern Shropshire). These are major roads in England, which still exist alongside the modern motorways. 

Mancetter on Watling Street is thought to be the site of Boudica's defeat by the Romans. Later, the A5 was part of the southwestern border of the Danelaw. In the early 19th century, the course between London and the Channel was paved and became known as the Great Dover Road. At various points along the historic route, the name Watling Street is still used. JAMES STYLES

Kia Picanto

The Kia Picanto is a car produced by Kia Motors. It replaced the Kia Pride in 2003. The Fiat Idea Hyundai i10 is based on the Picanto's platform.


Southwark Cathedral

Southwark Cathedral, in Southwark, London, lies on the south bank of the River Thames close to London Bridge. 

It is the mother church of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. It has been a place of Christian worship for over 1,000 years, but a cathedral only since 1905. The present building is mainly Gothic, from 1220 to 1420. 

The main railway line from London Bridge station to Cannon Street station passes close to the cathedral, blocking the view from the south side. Borough Market and the Hall of the Worshipful Company of Glaziers and Painters of Glass by the river are close by.

The earliest reference to the site was in the Domesday Book survey of 1086. The 'Minster' of Southwark seems to be under the control of Bishop Odo of Bayeux (William the Conqueror's half-brother). Its early history is obscure. A Saxon minster (a teaching church) served a south Thames area. In 1106, Henry I's reign, the latter became an Augustinian Priory: Norman stonework can still be seen, and Thomas Becket preached here before departing to Canterbury, days before his murder in 1170.

The church is the oldest Gothic church building in London, built from 1220 to 1420. It is one of the smallest cathedrals, which is because it was not built as a cathedral, but as a Priory chapel.

The cathedral has three choirs, The main Cathedral Choir is supported financially by the St Olave's & St Saviour's Schools Foundation. They were two parochial schools set up in the 1560s, and still hold their annual services here as their 'foundation' church.


4Lyn

4LYN is a German nu metal group, based in Hamburg. It formed in 1995 as "Headtrip".

In the year 2000 the band renamed to 4LYN after realizing the band name "Headtrip" was used by many other rock bands all over the world. The letters "LYN" are for "Little Young Nasties" and the "4" for the sum of the band members. They became famous after touring with bands such as Papa Roach, Dredg, Thumb and Therapy?. Finally in spring 2001 they released their first album. In 2002 they continued their successful way with another album called "neon" and live performances such as on Rock am Ring and the "Desperados"-Tour together with Cosmotron and Dredg. In the mid-2000s, they changed their style from nu metal to emo and alternative rock.





Charing Cross station

Charing Cross station might mean:


Volkswagen Sharan

The Volkswagen Sharan is a car produced by Volkswagen in two generations since 1995. The SEAT Alhambra and the Ford Galaxy are based on the same platform as the Sharan.




Cannon Street station

Cannon Street station is a central London railway terminus and London Underground station complex in the City of London, the financial district of London. It is built on the site of the mediaeval Steelyard, the trading base in England of the Hanseatic League. It is in Travelcard Zone 1.

This is a terminal station approached across the River Thames by the Cannon Street Railway Bridge, with entrances from Cannon Street and Dowgate Hill. Its approach by rail is by a triangular connection to both London Bridge station and Charing Cross station. Cannon Street is one of seventeen UK railway stations managed by Network Rail.

The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 1 September 1866. The original station building had two Wren-style towers, square and high, which faced on to the River Thames. The towers supported a long iron train shed crowned by a high single arch, almost semicircular, of glass and iron. To this was joined in 1867 an Italianate style hotel and forecourt. These gave passenger facilities, as well as an impressive frontage onto the street.

Farringdon station

Farringdon station is a London Underground and National Rail station in Clerkenwell, just north of the City of London in the London Borough of Islington.

Farringdon will, from 2017, be one of the country's busiest stations (if not the busiest station) by number of trains passing through, being served by both Crossrail and the upgraded Thameslink route, as well as the existing Underground lines.

Farringdon station has been renovated, to allow longer Thameslink trains to fit, and to make other improvements to the station. The existing station building will be given a new roof canopy, and a new entrance and concourse facing Turnmill Street. Platforms will be made wider and longer, which will require the Cowcross Street bridge pillars to be moved. The bridge, along with the Cardinal Tower building, will be torn down and rebuilt once the pillars have been shifted.Cowcross Street will be made into a street for pedestrians only. Lifts will be provided throughout.

The existing ticket hall and concourse will be re-built. Interchange within the station will be improved by means of removing the existing interchange bridge and installing new stairs and lifts with access to all four platforms, thereby allowing disabled passengers to use the station.

Extending the platforms towards the north could not be done due mainly due to the steep gradient (1 in 27) of the Thameslink line immediately north of Farringdon. The platforms therefore had to be extended to the south, cutting off the two-station branch to Moorgate. As a result, since Christmas 2009 Thameslink trains no longer call at Barbican and Moorgate stations, but London Underground still serve those stations.

The new station is designed by the architects from the firm Aukett Fitzroy Robinson.

A 'Farringdon' Crossrail station is being built between Farringdon and Barbican underground (tube) stations and it will have interchanges with both of them. Access at the Farringdon end will be via the new Thameslink ticket hall. Work will not be complete until 2017.

St Pancras station

St Pancras station, also known since 2007 as St Pancras International, is a central London railway terminus celebrated for its Victorian architecture.
The Grade I listed building stands on Euston Road between the British Library, King's Cross station and the Regent's Canal. It was opened in 1868 by the Midland Railway as its southern terminus. The company became the LMS: the London, Midland and Scottish railway. When the station opened, the arched train shed was the largest single-span roof in the world.
After escaping planned demolition in the 1960s, the complex was renovated and expanded during the 2000s at a cost of £800 million. A secure terminal area was constructed for Eurostar services to continental Europe—via High Speed 1 and the Channel Tunnel—along with platforms for domestic connections to the north and south-east of England. The restored station houses fifteen platforms, a shopping centre and a bus station, in addition to London Underground services from King's Cross St. Pancras tube station. St Pancras is owned by London and Continental Railways along with the adjacent urban regeneration area known as King's Cross Central.

Blackfriars station

Blackfriars station is a London Underground and National Rail station in the City of London. It is close to Blackfriars Bridge at the junction of New Bridge Street and Queen Victoria Street. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. The Underground station was closed until 2011 while refurbishment and major engineering works took place.
Blackfriars station is being rebuilt and the office building above it demolished and replaced as part of the Thameslink programme. The mainline station remained open during this work except for a period of two months around Christmas 2010 when trains passed through without stopping. The Underground station was closed until late 2011.

Doctor (title)

Doctor is an academic degree, awarded by a university or similar institution. "Doctor" may be used to refer to a person with a doctorate.

To get the degree, people need to pass a doctorate exam, or write a thesis or dissertation. The requirements vary according to the subject-matter. 

There are three levels of university qualification:

Depending on the country, there are cases where people get what is called a professional doctorate. This is mostly the case in law, and in medicine. A professional doctorate is comparable to a master's degree.

People who have a doctor's degree may use the title "doctor", though in practice it is often used only by medical doctors. Medical doctors examine, diagnose and treat patients. They can specialize in a number of medical areas, such as pediatrics, anesthesiology or cardiology, or they can work as general practice physicians. Becoming a medical doctor requires a doctoral degree in medicine and participating in clinical training. Medical doctors need a licence, and certification may also be required for many specialists. 



Newfoundland dog

The Newfoundland is a large breed of dog that originated in Newfoundland. They were first used by fishermen and sailors to carry goods and would jump overboard to save people from drowning. Newfoundlands are great swimmers because of their waterproof fur, their webbed feet and their strong muscles.

The Newfoundland is a very large dog breed, standing 26–28 inches (66–71 cm) and weighing 100–150 pounds (45–68 kg). The largest Newfoundland found was 72 inches (180 cm) long and weighed 160 pounds (73 kg). Their coat of fur is usually long and a black, brown or gray color. Their facial hair is very short. The head is very large and the face is smooth with few wrinkles. The ears are long and wide, and reach below the jaw. The neck is strong and muscular. The Newfoundland's chest is large and wide with a large lung capacity. Because Newfoundlands are excellent swimmers, their thighs are very strong and muscular and their feet are tight. Their tail is very strong and is important for them to swim well.

Newfoundlands can suffer from a lot of health problems. They are the fifth most likely breed to have hip dysplasia. Newfoundlands can have problems with cystinuria in a similar way to humans. Newfoundlands can inherit subvalvular aortic stenosis, a trait which hurts the heart.

Newfoundlands are known to be very gentle and loyal dogs. Because of their protective nature for children, Newfoundlands have been used as watchdogs. They have very thick fur so owners need to brush it once a week.

PlayStation Store

The PlayStation Store is an online market for users of Sony's PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita game consoles via the PlayStation Network.


Literary genre

A literary genre means the style of a certain piece of literature, such as a book. Several common ones are epic, comedy, tragedy, novel, and short story. There are other ways to group them, though. A piece of literature is either poetry or prose. There are three types of poetry; narrative, lyric, and dramatic. There are two types of prose; fiction and nonfiction.


Boys Don't Cry (movie)

Boys Don't Cry is a 1999 American drama movie. The stars of the movie are Hilary Swank and Chloe Sevigny. This movie is about Brandon Teena (1972-1993), a female-to-male transsexual in Nebraska who was raped and murdered.

Rubidium hydroxide

Rubidium hydroxide is a chemical compound. It is composed of rubidium and hydroxide ions. Its chemical formula is RbOH. It is a very strong base. It can eat through glass. It is made by dissolving rubidium oxide in water. It causes immediate burns to the skin. It gets very hot when it is dissolved in water. It is a white solid.


Rubidium oxide

Rubidium oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is RbO. It is a yellow solid. It reacts vigorously with water to produce rubidium hydroxide, a very strong base. It is made by reduction of rubidium nitrate using rubidium metal. It can also be made by reduction of rubidium hydroxide with rubidium metal. It reacts with hydrogen to disproportionate it into rubidium hydroxide and rubidium hydride.


Rubidium nitrate

Rubidium nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is RbNO. It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It is made by reacting rubidium or rubidium hydroxide with nitric acid. The reaction with rubidium is very violent. It is used to make other rubidium compounds. 


Rubidium hydride

Rubidium hydride is a chemical compound. It contains rubidium and hydride ions. Its chemical formula is RbH. It is a strong reducing agent and will react with water, air and chlorine violently. It is made by disproportionating hydrogen by reacting hydrogen with rubidium hydroxide. This process also produces rubidium oxide. It is normally made by reacting rubidium and hydrogen.


Jane Addams

Jane Addams (September 6, 1860 – May 21, 1935) was an American social worker and sociologist. She was born in Cedarville, Illinois. In 1886, she founded a place called Hull House along with Ellen Gates Starr. It tried to take care of the problems poor people and immigrants faced in Chicago through social work. She wanted more peace, and more civil rights for immigrants and women against prostitution. She was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1931, and was the first American woman to earn it. She was the sister of Alice Haldeman. Addams was a lesbian. She died in Chicago.

Hurricane Audrey

Hurricane Audrey was the most powerful June hurricane in the recorded history of the Atlantic since record keeping began. This storm struck Louisiana and Texas, killing more than 500. This hurricane was a very powerful category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale.

Calcium phosphate

Calcium phosphate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ca(PO), although there are other formulas, like CaHPO (dicalcium phosphate) and Ca(HPO) (monocalcium phosphate). It is made of calcium and phosphate ions.

It is a white or gray solid. It becomes more insoluble when heated; most chemicals become more soluble (more easily dissolved). 

It is found in teeth, bones, and milk, as well as in the ground.

It is used to make phosphoric acid. It is used to make fertilizer.
It is also used in bovine milk


Hurricane Joan–Miriam

Hurricane Joan was a powerful and deadly hurricane during 1988. Over 200 people died because of Joan. The hurricane reached Category 4 strength.

Richard Rusczyk

Richard Rusczyk is one of the creators of the Mandelbrot competition, and the founder of Art of Problem Solving (AoPS) Inc, and Beast Academy He also founded the San Diego Math Circle.

Rusczyk graduated from Princeton University in 1993.


Hereford Cathedral

Hereford Cathedral is a church in the town of Hereford. The present building was started in 1079. Before that there were two other cathedrals. It is the seat of the Bishop of Hereford.

The most famous treasure in Hereford Cathedral is the "Mappa Mundi", a mediæval map of the world dating from the 13th century. The cathedral is a Grade I listed building.

The first Hereford Cathedral was a stone building from the 7th century. After about 200 years it was changed, but then it was burnt down in 1056 by Welsh and Irish soldiers. The rebuilding started in 1079 and it was finished around 1140.

Many changes have been made since that time. The cathedral originally had Norman architecture, but not much of that has survived. By the end of the 13th century most of it had been changed. The changes continued in the 14th century when the central tower was rebuilt. Many other parts were added, the last big change was the adding of the main north entrance finished in 1535. This was mostly the cathedral we see today.

The Norman columns and arches of the nave have some decorations. They are original, done in the early 12th century. In the south aisle of the nave there are two tombs dating from the 14th century tombs. They are for members of the clergy but we do not know who they are. There is a tomb for Sir Richard Pembridge who was a Knight of the Garter.

There is a modern rood screen, a big lantern, and a reredos (a screen or decoration behind the altar). The Lady Chapel has lancet windows (tall, narrow windows) and lots of ornaments. There is a bit of ancient ironwork in the tomb of Bishop Booth who had the porch built There is also a large Norman font. The north transept was built in the Decorated Gothic. It has the shrine of St. Thomas of Hereford. The north window has some beautiful 19th century stained glass.

The tomb of the shrine of Bishop Cantilupe is built of Purbeck marble. The south transept may be the oldest part of the cathedral. The choir (the part of the cathedral where the choir sit), has many beautiful features. There is a reredos which represents Jesus on the cross. Two pointed arches show Christ with angels and the four evangelists. There is also a very strange, old Episcopal chair.

The organ was built in 1892 by Henry Willis. It is one of the best organs he made. Organists of the past include John Bull and Samuel Sebastian Wesley. Today the organist is Geraint Bowen. There has been a choir at Hereford Cathedral from at least as far back as the 13th century. Hereford Cathedral is one of the three cathedrals which house the Three Choirs Festival. In the tower there are 10 bells. They are often called the "Grand Old Lady".

The famous Hereford "Mappa Mundi" (Map of the World) dates from the 13th century. It is the largest (except for one) map from that period drawn on a single sheet of vellum. It was ignored for many years, then in 1855 it was cleaned and repaired at the British Museum. It shows the world as round, with the ocean all around it. It was nearly sold in the 1980s, but money was found to build a library where it could be hung. This is where it is now.

Another famous document is one of only four copies of the Magna Carta to survive. It is kept very carefully, and sometimes shown to the public in the library next to the Mappa Mundi.



Unfinished building

An unfinished building is a building that was being built, but was either abandoned or is on hold. There are many different reasons why buildings have not been completed. One of the biggest reasons for unfinished buildings, is when the money runs out. The National Monument in Scotland was planned to be a War Memorial for soldiers killed in the Napoleonic Wars. Building started in 1826, but the money ran out in 1829. The Sagrada Família, a church in Barcelona, Spain, was started in 1882 and is still not finished. It is not finished because the architect, Antoni Gaudí, who died in 1926 after he was hit by a tram, did not leave many plans for the building. What was left was destroyed during the Spanish Civil War. The war also meant that there was not enough money to complete the project.


Pierre Pilote

Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote (December 11, 1931 – September 9, 2017) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played his playing career for the Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). Pilote won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1961 and became the captain of the Black Hawks. Pilote won the Norris trophy 3 times one in 1963, one in 1964 and one in 1965.

Pilote died in Barrie, Ontario on September 9, 2017 of cancer at the age of 85.

Pilote won many awards during his playing career:



Twinkie the Kid

Twinkie the Kid is the mascot for Twinkies, a cream-filled snack cake. He is a trademark of Interstate Bakeries Corporation and has appeared on Twinkie packaging, in commercials, and as collectible related merchandise.

Twinkie the Kid is an anthropomorphized Twinkie, which means he is a Twinkie that has been given human-like features. He looks like a wrangler and wears boots, gloves, a kerchief, and a ten-gallon hat.


Un medico in famiglia

Un medico in famiglia (in ) is an Italian drama TV series. It aired on Rai 1 and started in 1998. It is now in its ninth season.

The TV series focuses around the lives of the Martini family. They live in Rome. Lele Martini is a doctor and a widower with three children: Maria, Francesco "Ciccio" and Anna "Annuccia". He falls in love with his sister-in-law, Alice Solari. At the end of the second season, they get married and have two twins. Lele hires Cettina as their "au pair". Cettina is a Neapolitan woman (she comes from Mondragone) who pretends to be Polish in order to be hired. Eventually the Martinis find out that Cettina is actually Italian, but they do not fire her. At the beginning of the third season Lele, Alice and their twins leave Italy in order to live in Australia. Lele puts his children in the hands of their grandpa, Nonno Libero. Cettina falls in love with Torello, a funeral director. They get married at the end of the third season. Maria falls in love with Guido, a doctor. They get married at the end of the fourth season.

In the sixth season Lele, who divorced from Alice, returns home with his children, Bobo and Elena. Cettina is disappeared in a shipwreck: she is supposed to be dead, but this is not true. In fact, she lost her memory and became a very rich woman in the United States. She decided to go to Italy for an holiday and here she meets the Martinis. She gradually recovers her memory and joins her husband and her son, Eros. Lele in this season has two girlfriends: the doctress Funny and the chocolate seller Bianca. Eventually he decides to get engaged to Bianca. Melina, Cettina's cousin, is hires as the Martinis new "au pair". She falls in love with Dante Piccione, a gauche man who gambles on the horses.

Chris Chelios

Christos Kostas Tselios (born January 25, 1962 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played his playing career for the Chicago Blackhawks, Montreal Canadiens, Detroit Red Wings and Atlanta Thrashers of the National Hockey League (NHL). Chelios won the Stanley Cup in 2008 and was also the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks from 1995 to 1999. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on July 9, 2013.

Milk chocolate

Milk chocolate is a type of chocolate. It contains cocoa, sugar, and milk. The term "milk chocolate" was first used in 1687, to describe a drink which came from Jamaica to London, but the milk chocolate bar did not exist until 1875, when inventor Daniel Peter mixed the ingredients together to make it.

Ed Litzenberger

Edward Charles John "Eddie" Litzenberger (born July 15, 1932 in Neudorf, Saskatchewan: died November 1, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Montreal Canadiens, Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). Litzenberger won the Stanley Cup four times - onc with the Chicago Black Hawks, in 1961, and three times with the Toronto Maple Leafs, in 1962, 1963, and 1964.

7 World Trade Center

7 World Trade Center is a building in Lower Manhattan, New York City. It is part of the new World Trade Center complex and was completed in 2006. The original 7 World Trade Center was in the same place, was completed in 1987 and destroyed on September 11, 2001 along with the other buildings in the World Trade Center.

Matt Birk

Matthew Robert Birk (born July 23, 1976 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American football center for the Baltimore Ravens. Lewis was drafted out of the Harvard University by the Minnesota Vikings with the 173rd pick in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. Birk formerly played for the Minnesota Vikings and signed a three-year, $12 million contract as a free agent with the Baltimore Ravens. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.


Claude Lemieux

Claude Percy Lemieux (born July 16, 1965 in Buckingham, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, New Jersey Devils, Colorado Avalanche, Phoenix Coyotes, Dallas Stars and the San Jose Sharks. Lemieux won the Stanley Cup 4 times once in 1986 with the Montreal Canadiens, once in 1995 with the San Jose Sharks, once in 1996 with the Colorado Avalanche and once in 200 with the New Jersey Devils.

On July 8, 2009, Lemieux announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.

Zune

Zune was an entertainment platform and portable media player made by Microsoft.

The Zune Marketplace was an online music, video and podcast store that integrates with Zune software, Zune devices, phones with Zune support, and Xbox 360.

In 2011, the Zune series of media players was discontinued.

Xbox Live Marketplace

Xbox Live Marketplace (XBLM) is a virtual market designed for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console that allows Xbox Live members to download purchased or promotional content.


Georgi Markov

Georgi Ivanov Markov (; 1 March 1929 – 11 September 1978) was a Bulgarian dissident writer. He was born in Sofia and was murdered in London. He was stabbed in the leg with an umbrella which injected ricin, a deadly poison. It is believed that Bulgarian security persuaded the KGB to do the job.







Jennie Kwan

Jennie Trinidad Fernando Kwan (born September 9, 1973) is a American actress and singer. She played "Kim" in the original American tour of the musical "Miss Saigon," and "Christmas Eve" in the original national tour of "Avenue Q". She has made a number of television shows, and is now known for being the voice of popular anime and video game characters.

Kwan was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her birth name was Jennie Trinidad Fernando. She identifies as American, and also Filipino, Spanish, German, Italian and Chinese. She is the daughter of a medical lab technician.

Kwan started singing professionally when she was 11. She was in a band called "Kids of the Century."

"Miss Saigon" opened in London in 1989, where it played for ten years. "Miss Saigon" opened on Broadway in 1991. The play was a "megahit," meaning it was very popular. It made over $10 million dollars by the time it opened in Chicago, Illinois a year later. After a worldwide search, Kwan was asked to play Kim. She was still in high school.

She acted in commercials and on television shows like "Beverly Hills, 90210". She also had modeling jobs. She acted in a miniseries called "Wild Palms". In "California Dreams", Kwan plays Samantha Woo, a foreign-exchange student that is very boy crazy. Recent live-action appearances were on "New Girl" and "Entourage". Jennie Kwan has also appeared in many other movies, TV shows, and plays.

She has become a well-known voice actor. She played "Suki" in the television show and video game. She voiced "Satoko Houjou" for the 2007 TV show "When They Cry." Kwan also voiced "Mayuko Nise" for the 2021 television show, "High-Rise Invasion." She was also in "Raya and the last dragon", and "Onward"!

Jennie Kwan has starred in multiple shows that helped her get fame, including Kwan has also been in plays including "Miss Saigon", where she plays Kim, a bar girl from Vietnam. Kwan has also voiced many anime and cartoons! Kwan can sing too, and wants to sing more in her future. 

In 2001, Jennie left acting for a while to join the girl group Nobody's Angel. However, with its popularity quickly declining, the group split up just one year later.

André Sogliuzzo

André Sogliuzzo (born August 10, 1966) is an Italian-American voice actor. He is known for doing many voices for many characters. These include additional voices in "Open Season", voices in "", "American Dad!", "Jackie Chan Adventures", and McSquizzy in "Open Season 3".




SoundtrackNet

Soundtrack.Net is a website dedicated to movie and television music.

The website was founded in 1997 by David A. Koran and Dan Goldwasser at Carnegie Mellon University. In November 2005, "Time Magazine" listed SoundtrackNet as one of the "Top 20 Music Websites of 2005". In October 2011, the site was acquired by Box Office Mojo cofounder Sean Saulsbury.


Avatar Airbender

Avatar Airbender is an roller coaster made after the end of TV series "" at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America. 

Hungerford Bridge and Golden Jubilee Bridges

Hungerford Bridge, often called Charing Cross Bridge, is a railway bridge. It crosses the River Thames in London from Charing Cross station across to the south, near Waterloo station.

The bridge lies between Waterloo Bridge and Westminster Bridge. It is a steel bridge with two more recent pedestrian bridges on either side. These were named the Golden Jubilee Bridges, but are really just footpaths alongside the railway bridge. Each footpath has steps and lift access.

The north end of the bridge is Charing Cross station. It is near Embankment Pier and the Victoria Embankment. The south end is near Waterloo station, County Hall, the Royal Festival Hall, and the London Eye.

The first version of the bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, and opened in 1845. The bridge and the walkways have been reworked and expanded at various times.


Upper Deck Company

The Upper Deck Company, LLC (colloquially as Upper Deck and Upper Deck Authenticated, Ltd. in the UK), founded in 1988, is a private company primarily known for producing trading cards.



Car of the Century

The Car of the Century (COTC) was an international award given to the most important car of the Twentieth Century. The election was run by the Global Automotive Elections Foundation. The winner was the Ford Model T. It was announced at an awards event on 18 December 1999 in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Albert Bridge, London

Albert Bridge is a road bridge over the River Thames in West London. It connects Chelsea on the north bank to Battersea on the south bank.

Albert Bridge was designed and built in 1873 as a cable-stayed bridge, it proved to be structurally unsound. Between 1884 and 1887 Sir Joseph Bazalgette added some elements of a suspension bridge. More work was done in 1973. As a result, the bridge today is a hybrid of three different design styles.

Built as a toll bridge, it was unsuccessful. Six years after its opening it was taken into public ownership, and the tolls were lifted. The tollbooths remained in place, and are the only surviving examples of bridge tollbooths in London. Its nickname is 'The Trembling Lady' because of its tendency to vibrate when large numbers of people walked over it. Signs at the entrances warn troops from the nearby Chelsea Barracks to break step while crossing the bridge.

With a roadway only wide, and with serious structural weaknesses, the bridge was ill-equipped to cope with motor traffic. Despite this, Albert Bridge has remained open to vehicles, apart from brief spells for repairs. It is one of only two Thames road bridges in central London which have never been replaced.

The strengthening work did not prevent further decay of the bridge's structure. Strict traffic control limits its use and prolongs its life. It is the least busy Thames road bridge in London except for Southwark Bridge. The bridge's condition continues to get worse as the result of traffic. Also, severe rotting of the timber deck is caused by the urine of dogs using it as a route to nearby Battersea Park.

In 1992 Albert Bridge was rewired and painted in an unusual colour scheme designed to make it easy to see, and avoid being hit by shipping. At night it is lit by 4,000 bulbs, making it one of West London's most striking landmarks.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames. The Royal Barge launched from the pier at Albert Bridge.



Lego Avatar: The Last Airbender

Lego Avatar: The Last Airbender was a Lego theme based on the Nickelodeon television show "".


Action figure

Moveable man of action or the action figure is a character figurine.They may be made from plastic or other materials.They are often based on characters from a movie, comic book, video game, or television program. One of the most famous action figures is G.I. Joe.

Before the 1960s, toys had little or no movement. The company Hasbro in 1964 came up with a new toy they called an action figure. This toy was G.I. Joe created by Stan Weston. G.I. Joe had a military look with changeable clothing and accessories ready for action. Action figures were made to give boys a toy since Barbie in 1959 was so popular with girls. Starting in the 1970s comic book superheroes were made into action figures. Marvel Comics and DC Comics began making their action figures to appeal to kids favorite superheroes.

Hasbro spent many years getting information and drawings of military weapons and vehicles for the use of their military action figures the G.I. Joes.The first African American G.I. Joe was made in the second year of the action figures. In 1967 the first female G.I. Joe was made, she was a nurse. G.I. Joe in 1985 got a cartoon TV show and in 2009 a movie was made.

Over many years Hasbro made "men of action" figures including people like: George Washington, Robert E. Lee, John F. Kennedy,Bob Hope, etc.

In the 1980s, the need for action figures got bigger with all the cartoons that started on TV. Shows like Masters of the Universe, G.I. Joe and Thundercats which got the attention of young boys and gave a need for the action figures of their favorite shows. Hasbro got the idea for the Transformers we know today from a cartoon in Japan and brought it to the United States in 1984, cartoon episodes and then action figures soon came along.

By the 1990s action figures became toys for adults as well but for the use of collecting and value. These action figures came from movies, TV,and famous people like rock stars.

From the 2000s on, and up to these days, there was a transition made into movies, where popular movies would have action figures of their own characters. And not only movies, but also musicians, athletes and other figures of importance in the media.

Today, the adult collector market for action figures is expanding with companies like McFarlane Toys, Palisades, and NECA.Companies have given numerous movie characters, musicians, and athletes their very first highly detailed figures. These are commonly intended as display pieces rather than toys; however, child-oriented lines such as the Masters of the Universe revival and Justice League Unlimited still get adult collector followings as well. Comic book are also able to get figures of their characters produced, regardless of whether or not they appeared in movies or animated cartoons. Examples of companies that produce comic figures and merchandise almost exclusively include Toy Biz and DC Direct.

Adult-action figure lines are often exclusive to specific chain stores rather than mass retail. Popular lines often have figures available exclusively through mail-in offers and comic conventions like comic con, which raises their value significantly. Ploys such as packaging "errors" and "short-packed" figures have also been used by toy companies to increase collector interest.

Action figures are usually made of plastic. These toys are able to move and hold different poses. Making an action figure starts with the idea and drawing. Next, wire and clay models are made. When a figure is approved, it gets molded from a plastic. Paint and fabric complete the toy.



Action figures were made to give boys a toy like Barbie. Unlike Barbie, G.I. Joe was meant to be manly and strong which is why a military toy was made.

Like Barbie, The action figure's body shows an almost unrealistic body image for boys. Some action figures like the WWE wrestler's body on the action figure have unrealistic muscles. These body images of strong wrestlers, superhero, and G.I. Joe tell boys that they too can grow up to be big and strong, which may not always be the case.

Today there are action figures for girls too. Movie character action figures like Edward Cullen from the movie Twilight are collected by girls.


Ring of Steel (London)

Ring of steel is the name people use for the security cordon around the City of London. Its purpose is to prevent terrorism. It was designed during the IRA 'troubles'. The city of Belfast was the first to get a "ring of steel".

Roads entering the city are narrowed and have small chicanes to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by CCTV cameras. These roads have a concrete median with a sentry box where police can stand guard and monitor traffic. Tucked away out of sight may be police armed with submachine guns. City planners call these precautions 'fortress urbanism'.

Some roads have been closed to traffic entirely. Despite the term 'ring of steel', the roadblocks and chicanes are actually created with concrete blocks, sometimes plastic coated, that are wedged together.

The measures were introduced following a massive IRA bombing campaign in the City in the early 1990s such as the 1992 Baltic Exchange bombing and the 1993 Bishopsgate bombing. At this time the sentry posts were guarded by armed police almost continuously. Initially the ring of steel consisted of plastic cones and on duty policemen which the locals described as the 'ring of plastic'. It showed the public that the City authorities were taking seriously the threats by the IRA. This was replaced by more permanent structures consisting of concrete barriers, checkpoints and thousands of video cameras. After the IRA ceasefire the police guard was reduced.

Following the September 11 attacks, and the increased terrorist threats to the United Kingdom, security has been stepped up again. In December 2003, the Ring of Steel was widened to include more businesses in the city. Police thought a terrorist attack on the city was "inevitable".

Traffic entering London is also monitored and recorded at many places by an automatic number-plate recognition system (ANPR). It is watched all the time by police. The data is stored for five years for analysis and evidence.


10 Downing Street

10 Downing Street is the address of the London residence and office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The residence was presented by George II in 1733 to Robert Walpole, the first official Prime Minister of the country.

It is in Downing Street in the City of Westminster. The house is over 300 years old and has about 100 rooms.

The house is close to St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Palace of Westminster (which is the meeting place of both houses of Parliament).

Toll

The word toll has several meanings.



Alfa Romeo 164

The Alfa Romeo 164 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 90 in 1987 and was sold is the US between the 1991 and 1995 model years with the brand not returning there until the launch of the Giulia for the 2017 model year. It was discontinued in 1997 and replaced by the Alfa Romeo 166 in 1998.


Snog Marry Avoid?

Snog Marry Avoid? is a British reality TV show. The first four series were hosted by Jenny Frost. From the fifth series Ellie Taylor has presented it. Its format is related to the fashion industry. It is shown on BBC Three. It was shown from 2008-2013. It stars POD (The "Personal Overhaul Device") who gives make-unders to people to try to show their natural beauty without makeup or fake tan.

Romy and Michele's High School Reunion

Romy and Michele's High School Reunion is an American comedy movie. It stars Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Janeane Garofalo and Camryn Manheim. The movie is about a 10 year high school reunion at which Romy and Michele are planning to impress their former school classmates. The movie was released in April 1997.

Millennium Bridge

The Millennium Bridge, also known as the London Millennium Footbridge, is a footbridge across the River Thames in London. It is a steel suspension bridge which links Bankside with the City. Its position is between Southwark Bridge (downstream) and Blackfriars Railway Bridge (upstream). The bridge opened on 10 June 2000. It is the newest bridge across the Thames. 

Londoners nicknamed the bridge the Wobbly Bridge after people on a charity walk felt an uncomfortable swaying motion. The bridge was closed later that day. After two days of limited access the bridge was closed for almost two years. Expensive and complicated changes were made to eliminate the wobble. It was reopened in 2002.

The southern end of the bridge is near Globe Theatre, the Bankside Gallery and Tate Modern, the north end next to the City of London School below St Paul's Cathedral. The bridge is aligned so that a clear view of St Paul's south side can be seen from across the river, framed by the bridge supports.

In 1996, the Southwark council organized a competition to design the bridge. The winning entry was by Arup, Foster and Partners and Sir Anthony Caro. 

The eight suspension cables are tensioned to pull with a force of 2,000 tons against the piers set into each bank. The cables are strong enough to support a working load of up to 5,000 people on the bridge at the same time.

The bridge's closure only three days after opening attracted considerable public criticism. It was seen as another high-profile British millennium project that had suffered an embarrassing setback, similar to how many saw the Millennium Dome. There was some astonishment that engineers had not foreseen the problem, as computer modelling is such a standard technique today. However, modifications to the bridge did eliminate the wobble. The wobble has not reocurred since the bridge reopened in February 2002.

The bridge's movements were caused by a 'positive feedback' phenomenon. The natural sway motion of people walking caused small sideways oscillations in the bridge. In turn, this caused people on the bridge to sway in step, increasing the amplitude of the bridge oscillations and reinforced the effect.

The bridge opened on an exceptionally fine day, and it was included on the route of a major charity walk. On the day of opening the bridge was crossed by 90,000 people, with up to 2,000 on the bridge at any one time.

The lateral vibration problems of the Millennium Bridge are very unusual, but not entirely unique. Other bridges which have seen similar problems are:

After extensive analysis by the engineers, the problem was fixed by fitting 37 dampers (energy dissipating) to control horizontal movement and 52 (inertial) dampers to control vertical movement. This took from May 2001 to January 2002 and cost £5M. After a period of testing, the bridge was successfully re-opened on 22 February 2002. The bridge has not been subject to significant vibration since. In spite of the successful fix of the problem, the affectionate 'wobbly bridge' epithet remains in common usage amongst Londoners.


Where the Truth Lies

Where the Truth Lies is a British-Canadian crime drama movie starring Kevin Bacon and Colin Firth. Also starring are actresses Alison Lohman and Rachel Blanchard. The movie was directed by Atom Egoyan. The movie was originally rated NC-17, though the movie's producers decided to release the movie unrated. The movie was released during 2005. The movie is based on the novel by Rupert Holmes. It is a murder mystery set in the 1957 and 1972. It explores the bad side of fame and fortune.

Rubidium chloride

Rubidium chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is RbCl. It is composed of rubidium and chloride ions. It is similar to other alkali metal halides, such as sodium chloride. It is made by reacting rubidium hydroxide with hydrochloric acid. It has several medicinal uses, including fighting cancer and depression, medical research, and medicine.


Warren G

Warren Griffin III (born November 10, 1970 in Long Beach, California) is an American rapper, DJ, and producer.

Warren G has been nominated for two awards including Grammy Award for "Best Rap Performance By A Duo Or Group" for his song "Regulate" with Nate Dogg. He was also nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Rap Solo Performance" for his song "This D.J." in 1995.


Tomb Raider (video game)

Tomb Raider is a video game made by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive. It was came out in 1996 for the Sega Saturn, PC, PlayStation. "Tomb Raider" was also released in the US PlayStation Network in 2009, and will be released on the EU PlayStation Network, September 1. "Tomb Raider" is about the adventures of Lara Croft, an English female archaeologist in search of ancient treasures. The game was very popular.

List of Formula One constructors

The following is a list of Formula One constructors. These are constructors which have competed or plan to compete in the FIA World Championship.

In Formula One racing the terms "constructor" and "entrant" do not mean the same thing. A "constructor" builds a car or engine. An "entrant" is the person or corporate entity that enters a race. They register a car and driver with the FIA. They are responsible for making the car ready to race, and keeping the car in good condition during the race weekend. Because of the role and activity of the entrant, the term "team" is often used when talking about an entrant.

Under the FIA rules, "the constructor of an engine or chassis is the person (including any corporate or unincorporated body) which owns the intellectual rights to such engine or chassis." Basically, who ever builds an engine or a chassis in the constructor. The title of Formula One World Champion Constructor is given to the car "make" that scores the most points during the season. The "make" of a car includes both the chassis and engine. 

If a car's chassis and engine are made by the same entity, then the constructor is the car make. For example Ferrari makes both the chassis and the engine. So the make is Ferrari. If the chassis and engine are made by different entities, the car's make is both constructor names put together. For example McLaren builds a chassis that uses a Mercedes engine. So the make is McLaren-Mercedes. The name of the chassis constructor is always placed before the engine constructor. 

Because both engine and chassis are included in the make name, chassis run with different engines are counted as two separate makes. For example, Lotus-Ford is a make different from Lotus-BRM. Each make would be scored separately. The World Constructors' Championship title is awarded to the constructor of the "chassis" of the make that scores the most points. This list only shows chassis constructors for that reason. For more information on engines, see Formula One engines.

Since the early 1980s, the FIA requires that Formula One entrants own the intellectual rights to the chassis that they enter. Basically, that means that teams must build their own chassis. Since this time, the terms "entrant", "constructor", and "team" now mean the same thing. Before this time, constructors were free to sell their chassis to other teams. Brabham and Lotus chassis were used by many other teams during the 1960s and 1970s. Several teams than compeated with the front-runners never built their own chassis. Rob Walker Racing Team was the most successful example. They earned the first victories in Formula One for both Cooper and Lotus. 

In those days, the concept of a "works" or "factory" team was the official team of the company producing the cars. Customer teams were entrants that purchased their cars off the shelf. In modern Formula One, the team must build their own car. The term customer only applies to engines now.

There have been some cases since the 1980s where one company built cars for another team. Lola designed and built cars for Larrousse and Scuderia Italia in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Key: 

Key: 
Constructors whose only entry in the World Championship was in the Indianapolis 500 from 1950 to 1960. All were American-based.
The following teams never built their own chassis. They are not considered "constructors":

a. Includes John Surtees' fastest lap in the South African Grand Prix in a non-works McLaren.
b. In 1949 and 1950, AFM participated in the German Formula 2 championship.
c. Constructors' World Championship points not awarded prior to .
d. From to , Alta was also an engine manufacturer for teams HWM, Cooper and Connaught.
e. Arrows was renamed Footwork for to . In they returned to Arrows.
f. In and , ATS was an engine manufacturer for teams Derrington-Francis and Cooper, racing at the 1964 Italian and 1967 British Grands Prix with Mário de Araújo Cabral and Silvio Moser.
g. BAR was formerly Tyrrell; it later became Honda, then Brawn, then Mercedes GP.
h. Benetton was formerly Toleman; it later became Renault F1.
i. From through Benetton F1 Team had a United Kingdom license; from through , an Italian one.
j. Coloni later became Andrea Moda.
k. The nationality of Eagle, Penske, Shadow and Wolf is questioned.
l. Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys (), Iso Marlboro (-) and Wolf-Williams () cars. Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis. Later became Wolf. Williams Grand Prix Engineering, now WilliamsF1, was a new constructor established by Frank Williams and Patrick Head after Williams left Wolf-Williams.
m. Jaguar was formerly Stewart Grand Prix; it later became Red Bull Racing.
n. Jordan later became Midland F1 Racing, then Spyker, then Force India.
o. Does not include Kurtis' Indianapolis 500 (1950-1960) entries.
p. Leyton House was formerly March Engineering.
q. Ligier later became Prost Grand Prix.
r. Lola includes Larrousse () and Mastercard Lola () entries.
s. March later became Leyton House Racing. In March returned for one final season.
t. Midland was formerly Jordan Grand Prix; it later became Spyker F1, then Force India.
u. Minardi later became Scuderia Toro Rosso.
v. Monteverdi was formerly Onyx Grand Prix.
w. Onyx later became Monteverdi.
x. Osella later became Fondmetal.
y. Prost was formerly Ligier.
z. Sauber later became the BMW works team as BMW Sauber. In they returned to Sauber.
aa. Spyker was formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing; it later became Force India.
ab. Stewart later became Jaguar Racing.
ac. Toleman later became Benetton Formula.
ad. Tyrrell later became British American Racing.
ae. Wolf was formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars.
af. In and Scuderia Platé built their own engines for the Maserati-Platé 4CLT.

All statistics and other data drawn from:

Genesis creation narrative

The Genesis creation narrative, found in the first two chapters of the Book of Genesis in the Bible, describes a supernatural beginning of the earth and life, ending with the creation of humans in the image of God. This creation narrative is part of the Bible of Judaism and Christianity.

Chapter 1 tells of God's creation of the world, ending with the consecration of the seventh day as the Sabbath. Man and woman are created to be God's rulers over the new creation. Chapter 2 tells of God's planting a garden in which he places the first man, and from whose rib he creates the first woman. The chapter ends by saying marriage is holy.

Nave

The nave is where the congregation sits in a church. It usually has long benches, called 'pews', or separate chairs.

Naves are found in humble Saxon churches, and in grand Romanesque and Gothic Christian Abbeys, Cathedrals, and Basilicas. 

The nave is the central approach to the high altar, the main body of the church. 'Nave' (Medieval Latin "navis", "ship") was probably suggested by the shape of its vaulting resembling an upside-down hull (bottom of a ship).

Hexham Abbey

Hexham Abbey is an Anglican church in the town of Hexham, Northumberland, dedicated to St Andrew. Since the Dissolution of the monasteries in 1537, the Abbey has been the parish church of Hexham.

The Abbey, which was a cathedral in Saxon times, is part of the Diocese of Newcastle. The diocese is based in Newcastle upon Tyne, and includes the historic county of Northumberland in northeast England.

There has been a church on this site for over 1300 years since Etheldreda, Queen of Northumbria, made a grant of lands c.674. The Benedictine abbey was built almost entirely of stones from nearby Roman ruins. The Saxon crypt still remains; as does a "frith" stool, a 7th/8th century 'cathedra' or throne.

In the year 875 Halfdene the Dane ravaged the whole of Tyneside and Hexham Church was plundered and burnt to the ground.

About 1050 one Eilaf was put in charge of Hexham, although as treasurer of Durham, he probably never came there. Eilaf was instructed to rebuild Hexham Church which then lay in utter ruin. His son Eilaf II completed the work probably building in the Norman style.

In Norman times, the old abbey was replaced by an Augustinian priory. The present church is from that period (c.1170–1250), in the Early English (Gothic) style of architecture. The choir, north and south transepts and the cloisters date from this period.

The east end was rebuilt in 1860, and the rest of the Abbey was largely rebuilt around 1900. This mammoth project involved re-building the nave, whose walls include some of the earlier church. The nave was re-consecrated in 1908. In 1996 an additional chapel was created at the east end of the north choir aisle. Named "St Wilfrid's Chapel", it offers a place for prayer or quiet reflection.

Edward Adelbert Doisy

Edward Adlebert Doisy (November 13, 1892 - October 23, 1986) was an American biochemist. He won the 1943 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Henrik Dam, for the discovery of Vitamin K.

Biochemist

A biochemist is a person who studies biochemistry. This is the study of the chemicals in living things. It can include blood, proteins, and enzymes.

Famous biochemists include:

List of church architecture terms

List of church architecture terms. The terms used in church architecture were developed first for the Gothic architecture cathedrals of the mediaeval era. The terms, with variations, are used for all kinds of Christian churches.



Tomb Raider II

Tomb Raider II is a video game in the "Tomb Raider" series and is the sequel to "Tomb Raider". Made by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive, the game was released for PlayStation, Windows 95 in November 1997, Macintosh in 1998 and on the PlayStation Network in 2009.

Hydrogen sulfate

Hydrogen sulfate, also known as bisulfate, is an ion. Its chemical formula is HSO. It is formed as part of sulfuric acid, HSO.

Chemical compounds containing this ion are known as bisulfates or hydrogen sulfates. An example would be sodium bisulfate. Hydrogen sulfates are acidic. They can be used as a weaker form of acid than sulfuric acid. It is a salt of sulfuric acid. In these compounds, sulfuric acid is deprotonated once. In the sulfate ion, it is deprotonated twice. 


Sodium bisulfate

Sodium bisulfate, also known as sodium hydrogen sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaHSO. It is made of sodium and bisulfate ions. It is a white crystalline solid. It is an acid, though not as strong as sulfuric acid. It can be made by reacting smaller amounts of sodium hydroxide and sulfuric acid. If too much sodium hydroxide is used, sodium sulfate is made instead. It is also made by reacting sodium chloride and sulfuric acid when heated. This reaction also makes hydrogen chloride. It is used to lower pH (made things more acidic).


Potassium sulfate

Potassium sulfate, also known as arcanite, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KSO. It contains potassium and sulfate ions.

It is a white crystalline solid. It dissolves in water easily. It does not dissolve in potassium hydroxide or concentrated ethanol. It can react with additional sulfuric acid to make potassium bisulfate.

It is made by reacting potassium hydroxide and sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting potassium chloride with sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting sulfur dioxide, oxygen, and potassium chloride with some water.

Potassium sulphate is an important salt in everyday life. It is primarily used: 


Arcanite is the mineral form of potassium sulfate. 


Oleum

Oleum is a chemical. It does not have a chemical formula because it is a mixture, not a chemical compound. It is made by dissolving sulfur trioxide in sulfuric acid. It is part of the contact process used to make sulfuric acid. It is a fuming (releases toxic fumes) liquid. It can be dissolved in some water to produce concentrated sulfuric acid.


Ammonium sulfate

Ammonium sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is (NH)SO. It contains ammonium and sulfate ions. It is slightly acidic because ammonia is a weak base. It is made by reacting ammonia with sulfuric acid. It breaks down when heated. It is used in fertilizers to provide both sulfur and nitrogen to plants. It is banned in some parts of the Middle East because it was being used to make explosives. 

The ammoniacal nitrogen of ammonium sulfate does not leach out easily. Ammonium sulfate is an acid forming fertilizer, and hence used in neutral or alkaline soils. It rarely occurs in the ground. 


Smokey and the Bandit

Smokey and the Bandit is a 1977 comedy movie produced by Mort Engelberg and directed by Hal Needham. It stars Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jackie Gleason, Jerry Reed and Mike Henry. The movie spawned with two sequels, "Smokey and the Bandit II" and "Smokey and the Bandit 3".



Amor Prohibido (song)

"Amor Prohibido" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song was written by Selena, her brother A.B. Quintanilla III, and Pete Astudillo. It became the lead single from the album of the same name (1994). "Amor Prohibido" is about the relationship between a man and a woman. Their love is put to the test. These include problems over money, and their parents not supporting their relationship because they both come from different places. Some music reviewers believe the song is similar to the "Romeo and Juliet" story because of its theme of forbidden love.

"Amor Prohibido" became one of the most successful singles, along with "No Me Queda Más", of 1994 and 1995. It later became one of Selena's signature songs. The song won awards at the Tejano Music Awards and at the Premio Lo Nuestros in 1994 and for the next three years. "Amor Prohibido" reached number one on the U.S. Hot Latin Songs and number five on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay charts on "Billboard".

The song helped Selena attract larger and younger audiences to her concerts because of its different sounds. Selena chose to explore Latin dance-pop music with the song. She had usually recorded Tejano sounds. Non-Mexicans also started liking Tejano music because of the new sounds in Selena's music. The music video was filmed in Joshua Tree, California. It was released on all the Spanish-language television channels in the United States and Mexico on Valentine's Day. It was later certified gold by AMPROFON, while 500,000 copies were sold in the United States. Several recording artists worldwide, including non-Hispanics, have since made cover versions of "Amor Prohibido".

"Amor Prohibido" was written by Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III. A former Selena y Los Dinos backup singer, Pete Astudillo, also helped. It was recorded at Q-Productions, a small studio label founded by Selena's father, Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. It was mixed by Brian "Red" Moore, a family friend. "Amor Prohibido" was produced and engineered by Jorge Alberto Pino and Argentine composer and arranger Bebu Silvetti. "Amor Prohibido" was prepared by Joe Ojeda, and Chris Pérez, Selena's husband.

The song was written during Selena's "Live! Tour" in 1993. It began when Selena began to hum a melody in the tour bus. Her brother and Astudillo began writing down her melody lines. They wanted to write the entire melody into a song. "Amor Prohibido" was based on Selena's grandparents, Mexican immigrants, who were not allowed to be together. Their parents, Selena's great-grandparents, had forbidden them to love each other. This was because they were different from each other. When interviewed about the song, Selena said "Amor Prohibido" meant a lot to her and her family, and that it is one of her favorite songs. "Amor Prohibido" became the most successful single, along with "No Me Queda Mas", of 1994 and 1995.

The song was officially finished after she had won a Grammy Award for "Best Mexican/American Album" for "Selena Live!" (1993). "Amor Prohibido" had a lot of airplay after it was released as a promotional single on April 13, 1994. It became one of Selena's signature songs, and a fan favorite.

Selena promoted "Amor Prohibido" during her Amor Prohibido Tour. Fans in Denver, Colorado were the first crowd to watch Selena perform "Amor Prohibido" at the start of the tour on January 28, 1994.

"Amor Prohibido" is a Spanish-language Tejano pop song mixed with modern Latin pop and South American rhythms. It is set in common time with a moderate beat tempo of 90 beats per minute. 

"Amor Prohibido" describes a relationship between a man and a woman. The song's message tells listeners to stick with their partner, no matter what may happen, even if their parents forbid them to love each other. Music critics have compared it to the story of "Romeo and Juliet" because it is also about forbidden love.

"Amor Prohibido" helped Selena attract bigger crowds to her concerts. Selena also began to attract younger audiences to her music. Selena explored other Latin genres, such as Latin dance-pop with "Amor Prohibido". This new type of sound was given positive feedback by music critics. This helped other non-Mexicans to enjoy Tejano music. The song had South American rhythms and sounds. With this new type of sound, more Hispanics became fans of Selena. Most of Selena's songs were written by her brother Quintanilla III. Quintanilla III wrote most of her songs that broke free from "Tejano" and "Tex-Mex" (Texas-Mexico) music. This led Selena to be named "The Queen of Tejano music", because she was the first and only Tejano artist to ever achieve fame in different styles of music.

Selena was named the "Top Latin Artist of the '90s" and "Best selling Latin artist of the decade" by "Billboard". This was because she had fourteen top-ten singles in the "Hot Latin Songs" chart, including seven number one hits. Music Choice On Demand selected several Selena music videos, including "Amor Prohibido", as a tribute which was watched in over 42 million homes nationwide in 2010. The "Daily Vault" called "Amor Prohibido" a "seamless track", which made them wonder about Selena's father, Quintanilla Jr, and called him an "over-influential" on Selena. "Amor Prohibido" became one of the most successful singles, along with "No Me Queda Más", of 1994 and 1995.

The music video was filmed in Joshua Tree, California by Tango Productions. It was directed by Cecilia Miniucchi, who directed most of Selena's music videos. Philip Holahan filmed the video, and Clayton Halsey edited the video after it was filmed. Filming began on February 6, 1994. The music video was released on all major Spanish-language television channels in America on Valentine's Day.
The music video begins with Selena running towards an open door in the desert. This symbolizes a new relationship. She then walks outwards from a wall, which shows videos of a couple who are in love. Selena begins singing the song while walking in the desert, with the wind blowing her hair around. She sings of how much she really wants to hear her boyfriend speak. The video then changes scenes to Selena at the open door dancing and singing along with the song. After Selena spins around once, she is seen looking out from a window, seeing herself and her boyfriend dancing. She tells him that their love should not be about money and that they should not worry about what their parents had told them. More love scenes are shown with Selena and her boyfriend laughing and enjoying each other's company. After telling him that their love should be based on how much they love each other, Selena looks at her reflection in a small puddle. While looking out from the window, Selena tells her boyfriend that she is poor and that her love is all she can give to him. The video ends with Selena and her boyfriend running away from the world and going into a new one together.









Chapter house

A Chapter house or chapterhouse is a special building or room attached to a cathedral or large church. It is where the cathedral chapter meetings are held. Chapter houses were also built in mediaeval monasteries.

In a cathedral, the chapter is always chaired by the Dean, whose job it is to run (manage) the cathedral. Members of the chapter will include Canons, who may include top lay officials as well as priests. It is a management group for the cathedral.

The side of the cloister with the chapter house was usually the first to be constructed; it would have been started shortly after the church’s frame was put up.

When part of a monastery, the chapter house is usually on the eastern wing of the cloister. It is a large space, to hold all the monks of the monastery. It is built in the same style as the churches of that day. In some Romanesque or Gothic monasteries, the entrance to the chapter house is a miniature version of the entrance to a cathedral.

The community of monks would meet in the chapter house with the Abbot to 'hold chapter'. This meant to read aloud from the rule book and Bible, and to discuss matters concerning the monastery and its monks. The meetings generally took place in the morning, after mass; the monks would sit along the length of the walls in strict age-order. At the end of the meeting the monks would publicly confess their sins or denounce others' (anonymously).

Canon (official)

A Canon in a church is an official. They may or may not be a priest. The Chapter of a cathedral is an official group made up of the Dean and Chapter of canons, who meet in a chapterhouse. They run the cathedral, especially the business affairs of the cathedral. They are the body which has legal responsibility for the cathedral, and for electing the (arch)bishop.

Originally, a canon was a cleric who lived in the precinct of the cathedral. The word meant a priest who was under (ruled by) a bishop.

In the Anglican church, some canons are laypersons (not ordained). The title is also given to some senior or retired priests as an honorary title.

Shane Lechler

Edward Shane Lechler (born August 7, 1976 in East Bernard, Texas) is an American football punter for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). Lechler was drafted out of Texas A&M University by the Oakland Raiders with the 142nd pick in the fifth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. 


Dean

A dean is the title of a high official in a church or college. 

At one time all ancient colleges were entirely run by priests. In England, you could not even be a student unless you were a member of a Church of England congregation. In those days, a Dean was a senior person who looked after the people and finance, and that is usually so today. But now there are two kinds of Dean:


Cover (combat technique)

In combat sports like fencing, boxing, karate, etc., the cover is a defensive movement permitting to protect oneself against strikes by placing a weapon or a body part like the fist, forearm, elbow, arm or shoulder before the aim aimed by this attack.

This form of defence, so-called "passive", is different from the block or parry that are considered "active". The cover has nearly the same meaning as "protection" especially in boxing when a fighter raises his arm in order to protect his face or head against a possible attack.

One puts cover to use:

The cover in boxing is a form of defence commonly used in the hand-to-hand situations and when the fighter suffers by a large number of strikes.



Manipuri dance

Manipuri dance, originally known as Manipuri Rasa Leela Dance is a classical dance form originated from the Manipuri culture of the Indian state of Manipur. The classical style of the dance is described as being the most graceful of all the Indian classical dances. Rabindranath Tagore used the style for his female characters in his famous dance dramas.

Manipur shares a border with Burma. The people of Manipur are part of the Mongoloid group, with a very rich and artistic culture.

The "Rasalila" of Manipur is said to be one of the highlights of India culture. It is through the Rasalila that the people of Manipur reach the highest bliss of worship. Following the "Srimadbhagavata", the core text of Chaitanite Vaishnavism, the first "Rasalila Maharas" was composed in 1779. The story as laid down in the Bhagavata was performed in the temple. A "Rasamandali", a circular dance area, was built outside the temple and people sat around it to watch the "Rasalila". This still happens in the Govindaji temple beside the Palace of the Kings. The success of this "Rasalila" made Raja Bhagyachandra (ruler from 1755 to 1789) try composing other Rasalilas such as the "Vasantarasa" and "Kunjarasa". The "Nityaras" and "Divarasa" are later developments of the Rasalila. The performances of the "Maharasa", "Vasantarasa" and "Kunjarasa" are fixed in the year, but "Nityarasa" can be performed at anytime of the year. Later kings continued to develop and compose dances. Raja Gambhir Singh (1781–1833) introduced acting the stories of child Krishna in Goparasa and Udukhalrasa. The time of Raja Chandrakirti (1831–1886) can claim to be the golden age of the evolution of Manipuri dance.

Other dances of Manipur are performed during festivals like "Rathayatra", "Holi", and "Kwakjatra". All these dances are about religious devotion. The songs that are sung with these dances speak of the glory of Radha & Krishna. The main instruments are the Pung and flute.
The technique of Manipuri dance is probably the most graceful of all the classical dances of India. The body follows the path of 8 and the feet movements generate light touch on the ground. The face has a subdued expression while the eyes mostly express the "bhaktirasa" or the emotion of devotion. There are two styles of this dance form: the "tandava" and the "lasya". In "tandava", we have the "Cholom tandava" done by men and the Krishna "tandava", which is a counterpart of the "lasya" technique in "Rasalila". The lasya is a very graceful style in Manipur. Rabindranath Tagore used this technique for the female characters in his dance dramas.

The emotional part of this dance form follows the rasa theory as written in the Vaishnava texts. The "pancharasa"- "shanta", "dasya", "sakhya", "vatsalya" and "madhura"- are the main emotions on which the Vaishnavite Manipuri Dance is based.

Manipur stands apart from all the Indian Classical dances for the beautiful costumes of the Rasalila, which is a unique creation of the people of Manipur. Religion and art have merged completely in the making of dance in Manipur. Even today one cannot identify Manipuri dance without the presence of the gods Krishna and Radha.

The oldest form of dance is found in the Lai Haraoba festival. The word "Lai" means God, and the word "Haraoba" means merrymaking. Lai Haraoba means merrymaking of the gods. The festival generally lasts for a month and is held every year in the months of May and June. The Maibi community holds the Lai Haraoba festival. Maibis are female priests, although there a some male priests too. There are specific rituals that the maibis follow during the festival. They dance and worship the forest gods, called the "Umang Lai". There are also household gods, for example the "Sanamahi" or "Panthoibi". All these gods are worshipped in the Lai Haraoba festival. The Maibis dance and show the formation of earth and life. They use 364 hand gestures to show this. During the festival the people of Manipur sing, dance, act, play instruments and play sports. The rituals are pre-determined and all the village people participate.

The instrument used in Lai Haraoba is called the "Pena (musical instrument)". It is a very special instrument of Manipur. It is played by the "Pena Khongba", and the tune is believed to put the Lai to sleep or used to wake him up. Other tunes are also played for the dances. The story of Khuman Khamba and Moirang Thoibi are played here. The other stories have characters such as the Nongpok Ningthou and Panthoibi. These are basically love stories. The characters are often identified with the Hindu Gods Shiva and Parvati. Though mostly based on nature worship, according to the Manipuri scholars, this festival has elements of Tantric Cults.

The very popular martial art of Manipur, "Thangpak", is also a part of this festival, with performances of sword and spear play. Many movements of "Thangpak" are also part of the dances of Manipur. For example, the popular "Khujengleibi" movement in dance is found in the sword technique.

In the 18th century, Manipur came under the influence of Chaitanite Vaishnavism which was a branch of Hinduism. Vaishnavism made its entry in Manipur during the reign of King Charairongba. During the rule of Raja Bhagyachandra, Chaitanite Vaishnavism became a permanent part of Manipur's culture. The Raja joined this religion and his subjects followed him. Many parts of daily life changed with Vaishnavism; the rituals of Vaishnavism were followed very closely by the community. The gods of the religion, Krishna and Radha were worshipped and temples were built all over Manipur. The people started worshipping the gods with dance. There were two kinds of dance that developed with the influence of this religion: the "Samkirtana" and the "Rasalila".

"Samkirtana" is basically a male dance form in which the performers play instruments, sing and dance. This follows the lines of the Samkirtana as shown by Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in Bengal. In Manipur it has a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instruments. It is an energetic and acrobatic dance. The main instrument is a wooden drum, the "Pung", which looks like the clay "Khol" of Bengal. The sounds naturally vary. The dance with the "Pung", called the "Pung Cholom", is part of the "Samkirtana" in Manipur. The "Cholom" is a male dance form of Manipur. The name probably comes from the word "Chalan", meaning way of movement. There is also the "Kartal Cholom", where the movements are more grand and follow the sound and playing of the big cymbals, the "Kartalas". The singing, called the "ishei", follows the kirtana style of Bengal. Singers use a trembling tone which is typical of the Manipuri style of singing. The talas (rhythm patterns) used have an immense variety. There are 64 different talas for the Pung. These rhythmic patterns are also used in interesting combinations. The costumes are white, but the turbans vary with the instrument players. The "Samkirtana" is performed at all major occasions in the society, such as birth ceremonies, weddings, and funerals. It is even performed before the beginning of the "Rasalila".

Database administrator

A Database Administrator is someone who is a admin or know's about the database. Databases being MySQL, phpMyAdmin and etc. They have the most access if you use a database because well... then are a admin.

Megan Fox

Megan Denise Fox (born May 16, 1986) is an American actress and model.

She was born in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. She moved to St Petersburg, Florida at age 10. 

She starred in Transformers. She stars with Dominic Monaghan in the music video for Love the Way You Lie by Eminem and Rihanna.

Fox is openly bisexual. 

Since May 2020, he has been in a relationship with rap musician Machine Gun Kelly. On January 12, 2022, Fox announced that the two were engaged.


2009–10 FC Barcelona season

The 2009–10 season is Futbol Club Barcelona's 116th in the Spanish league.

Trams in Szczecin

Szczecin, Poland had trams invented in 1879 and now the trams are one of the largest tram network in Poland, consisting of 111 km of tram routes, 223 trams, 12 routes, and 95 tram stops . The trams are run on standard gauge track. Currently operated by a company "Tramwaje Szczecińskie".

Swahili

Swahili may mean:


2010–11 FC Barcelona season

The 2010–11 season was FC Barcelona's 111th season since the club was founded in 1899. Barcelona started the season with a new President, Sandro Rosell.

Many people consider this season to be one of the best in Barcelona's history.

Elimination Chamber (2010)

Elimination Chamber (also known as No Way Out in Germany) was a pro wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on February 21, 2010 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. It replaced No Way Out as WWE's February pay-per-view.

The idea of the show was that the two main event matches, one for the World Heavyweight Championship and one for the WWE Championship, would be in an Elimination Chamber. Each match had six wrestler in it: the defending champion and five challengers. Sheamus defended the WWE Championship against Triple H, Ted DiBiase, Randy Orton, John Cena, and Kofi Kingston in the Raw Elimination Chamber. In the SmackDown Elimination Chamber match, The Undertaker defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Chris Jericho, John Morrison, Rey Mysterio, CM Punk and R-Truth. On the undercard, Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane, The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter, and Maryse and Gail Kim wrestled against Team Lay-Cool (Layla and Michelle McCool) in a tag team match.


San José Chinantequilla

San José Chinantequilla is a community in the Mixe region of Oaxaca state, Mexico. Chinantequilla is in the municipality of Totontepec.

The town 463 people living in it and is around 1160 meters above the sea, the town is in what is known as the Mixe area high north, and has an indigenous language is Mixe but also people originally from this community dominated the Castilian. They have now provided the means of communication in this area, which was previously very difficult to reach.

The locals, speak Spanish and the local dialect of the Mixe language. Each dialect of Mixe is different depending on the village in which it is spoken. According to the 2005 census, the town had a population of 463 people. It has recorded very little information about the history of this community, researchers assume that was one of the last towns on reach the Mixe region, so it is considered a village young, economic activities that are practiced in this community include: The production and marketing of coffee, agriculture and trade. Chinantequilla is north of the state of Oaxaca in the Sierra Mixe approximately 85 km from the capital city, the region extends from the mountain, extremely rugged, with elevations reaching 2,500 meters above sea level, are therefore varied climates: cold and humid in the mountain, temperate semi-humid in the part mean and hot and humid in the lower.


Yamatai

The Yamatai was the strongest country in Wa, beginning from the early 2nd century to the end of the 3rd century. Wa is the oldest written name of Japan.

The Wei Zhi Worenshuan is a Chinese text that tells about this country. Yamatai came into being when about 30 smaller parts of Japan of that time united under a queen named Himiko. Yamatai is also famous for trading with Wei, which is a Chinese dynasty. No one knows where the Yamatai can be found. Some archaeologists dispute whether the Yamatai Kingdom was located in northern Kyushu or in the central Kinki region.

Himiko

Himiko (, about 175 – 248 CE) was the queen of Yamataikoku in ancient Japan. Early Japanese histories do not mention Himiko. The earliest written descriptions of her come from China. There has been much debate over her identity and the location of Yamatai since the late Edo period. Himiko reigned as queen during the 3rd century.

Harlequin duck

The harlequin duck ("Histrionicus histrionicus"), also known as the painted duck, totem pole duck, rock duck, glacier duck, mountain duck, white-eyed diver, squeaker and blue streak, is a duck that lives in the sea. The female is plain, but the male has white markings. This is called "disruptive coloration" The male can be difficult to see against surfaces that are not a solid color, like water that ripples. The point is that it disrupts the appearance of body shape, but there are other explanations. In general, bright colours in male birds serve two main functions. One is sexual selection by the females, in which the colours act as evidence of the male's suitability. The other is territory control by the males during the mating season. Only experiments and long observation can decide which factors are in play.

Press-up

A Press-up also called a push-up is an exercise move where a person lifts themself off the ground and back towards it with their arms. Press-ups help the pectoral muscles and triceps.

Peabody Award

The George Foster Peabody Awards (Peabody Awards) are international awards for excellence in radio and television. It is named after philanthropist and banker George Foster Peabody.


Mae Whitman

Mae Margaret Whitman (born June 9, 1988) is an American television, movie and voice actor. 

Whitman has recorded "I Heard The Bells On Christmas Day" and "You Make Christmas Feel So Good" for "School's Out! Christmas".

Whitmans has also sang guest vocals on a number of tracks from indie-punk band Fake Problems newest album "Real Ghosts Caught on Tape".


Team Umizoomi

Team Umizoomi is an American television show for children. The show was broadcast on Nickelodeon in the United States from January 25, 2010 to April 24, 2015. It's about 3 characters: 2 kids: Milli, and Geo, and a robot named Bot. It uses a lot of mathematical ideas, such as counting, sequences, shapes, and patterns too.


88 Minutes

88 Minutes is a 2007 American crime drama thriller mystery movie. It is set in Seattle and stars Al Pacino. He gets a call on his cell phone by a deep-voiced person telling him he only has 88 minutes to live. Benjamin McKenzie is also in the movie.

Alvarezsaurus

Alvarezsaurus is a small dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina, about 8683 million years ago. It measured about two meters in length and weighed 20 kilograms. 

It was named by paleontologist Jose Bonaparte in 1991. It walked on two legs, had a long tail, and its leg structure suggests that it was a fast runner. It may have eaten insects. It was more basal than other, better-known, members of its family, such as "Mononykus" and "Shuvuuia".

"Alvarezsaurus" was featured in the Discovery Channel television series "Dinosaur Planet". It was shown as a predator of young "Saltasaurus", although these species did not exist at the same time. "Alvarezsaurus" lived about five million years before "Saltasaurus".

Aucasaurus

Aucasaurus was a medium-sized theropod dinosaur from Argentina that lived during the Upper Cretaceous. It was smaller than its relative "Carnotaurus". It had extremely short arms. Its skeleton is the most complete abelisaurid skeleton discovered so far. However, the skull is damaged, causing some paleontologists to speculate that it was involved in a fight shortly before it died.

This dinosaur was featured in the Discovery Channel series "Dinosaur Planet", where it was depicted as a pack hunter and ate the sauropod "Saltasaurus". In the episode, the head injury discovered in the type specimen was interpreted as being crushed by a stumbling "Saltasaurus".

Conservation biology

Conservation biology is the study of the nature and status of Earth's biodiversity, aimed to protect species, their habitats, and ecosystems from threatening to extinction. It combines subjects ranged from sciences to economics and the practice of natural resource management. The name "conservation biology" was introduced as the title of a meeting held at the University of California in 1978. Both conservation biology and the concept of biodiversity influence conservation policy.


Fandango (wrestler)

Curtis Jonathan Hussey (born July 22, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), where he performs under the ring name Dirty Dango. He is best known for his time in WWE from 2006 to 2021, where he competed under the ring name Fandango and is a former NXT Tag Team Champion with Tyler Breeze. He was also known by the ring name Johnny Curtis when he competed on the fourth season of "NXT", which he won. He first competed for Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), where was a two-time Florida Tag Team Champion with Tyler Reks and Derrick Bateman. His entrance music was popular among WWE fans and so it placed on the iTunes charts and generated coverage in mainstream media.


Tornado drill

A tornado drill is something people do to practice what they would do if there were a tornado. It is usually done in a building such as a school or office. It starts with a signal such as an alarm or a spoken message over an intercom. After they hear the signal, people go to a certain part of the building. This is usually a room deep inside the building (probably near the middle), or a hallway with no windows. They then get into a safe position. This might include kneeling on the ground with their hands over their heads.

In some places, schools have to have tornado drills, but usually not as often as fire drills. Tornado drills happen more in places where there are more tornadoes, such as in the Tornado Alley of the Midwestern United States.

In the United States, most states in the Midwest and South have a statewide tornado drill in late winter or early spring to get ready for the severe weather season. During these drills, the National Weather Service gives out test tornado warnings, and local Emergency Alert Systems and/or NOAA Weather Radio (normally as a weekly or monthly test) are sounded, along with outdoor warning sirens. Schools and businesses may also have a tornado drill.



Android (robot)

An android is a robot that looks very similar to humans. In TV shows and movies, androids are usually represented by human actors without special effects, while robots are usually shown in clunky suits or in makeup.

In real life, androids do exist — but they are inhuman and tend to look scary, falling into the uncanny valley.


Manuel Lanzini

Manuel Lanzini (born 15 February 1993) is an Argentine football player. He plays for River Plate.

 (Argentina score listed first, score column indicates score after each Lanzini goal)

Fluminense

River Plate
West Ham United
Argentina
Individual


ISO 21482

ISO 21482 is a standard that specifies a warning symbol to warn against the dangers of radiation. The warning is made of the trefoil on the top, which warns against radiations. There are lines towards the bottom. On the bottom left, there is a skull, which warns against poison. On the bottom right, there is a running figure, and an arrow pointing outside the sign. The color red was chosen because children said it expresses danger better than yellow. The Gallup Organization recommended the symbol, after showing it to 1650 people. 

The new symbol does not replace the old one, but it amends it. It was designed to show the danger of radiation to people who do not know about radiation, or who do not know the symbol for it. The symbol was developed because of nuclear accidents that happened because people opened containers with radioactive materials, such as the Goiânia accident in 1987, or the Samut Prakan disaster near Bangkok in 2000. The new symbol will not be placed on the containers. Rather, it will directly placed on the substances emitting radiation, of the highest categories, 1 to 3. Containers will continue to bear only the old symbol, as they do not pose a direct risk. This also applies to rooms with radiation sources or x-ray equipment in them.

Banchan

Banchan (also known as panch'an), is a word for small dishes of food. They are served with cooked rice in Korean cuisine. The main dishes that are eaten are "bap" (밥, cooked rice), "guk", or "tang" (soup), "gochujang" or "ganjang", "jjigae", and "kimchi". The table setting is called "3 cheop" (삼첩), "5 cheop" (오첩), "7 cheop" (칠첩), "9 cheop" (구첩), "12 cheop" (십이첩) "bansang". This depends on the number of "banchan" there is. In Korean royal cuisine, the table setting is "12 cheop".

"Banchan" are put on the middle of the table and usually shared, though "guk" (soup) is not shared. Banchan are served little by little. They are meant to be finished at each meal, and more is added if there is not enough. Often, the more formal the meals are, the more "banchan" there will be. Jeolla province is quite famous for serving many different kinds of "banchan" in a single meal.


Hanja

Hanja is the Korean word for Chinese characters. It is about the Chinese characters that are borrowed from the Chinese language and used in the Korean language with Korean pronunciation. "Hanja-mal" or "hanja-eo" is about words which can be written with hanja. "Hanmun" (한문) is about the Chinese Classical writing, but "hanja" can sometimes be used to generally mean "hanmun" too. Hanja was never very changed, so almost all of the Chinese characters in hanja are the same as in traditional Chinese. Only a few hanja characters are unique to Korea.

In the 1440s, however, a Korean hangul alphabet relying on sound was made by a group of students, led by King Sejong the Great. It was not widely used at first. However, by the early 19th and 20th century it was more widely used than "hanja", and it is now the official writing system of Korea.

But until then, everyone mostly read and wrote in "hanja", so most of the older books in Korean literature are written in hanja. Students who learn Korean history learn hanja to read historical papers. Children in South Korea still learn hanja, for many South Korean words still have roots in hanja. In North Korea, however, hanja has been abolished along with many Chinese loanwords, and North Koreans only use hangul to write in Korean.


Jjigae

Jjigae (찌개) is a Korean food. if you compare jjigae to a Western food, you can think of it as being similar to soup and stew. There are many different kinds of "jjigae". Koreans love and enjoy a food. People usually enjoy eating rice with jjigae. However, it is usually made with meat, seafood or vegetables in a broth flavored with "gochujang", "doenjang", or "ganjang". "Jjigae" can also be well seasoned with red chili pepper and served boiling hot. 

A Korean meal almost always includes either a "jjigae" or a "guk" (국, soup). In the Joseon Dynasty "jjigae" was called "jochi".

Guk and Tang have a lot of water and little stuff, so they belong to basic food like rice, but jjigae is mostly treated as a side dish.

Different kinds of "jjigae" are often called according to their main ingredients such as "saengseon jjigae" (생선찌개).
Kimchi-jjigae(김치찌개) : One of the most representative jjigaes in Korea. It is a spicy jjigae made with Kimchi, meat and tofu.Other types of Kimchi may be added to your taste. 

Soybean-jjigae(된장찌개) : As a representative jjigae in Korea, it is mentioned with Kimchi-jjigae. It is jjigae made with tofu or mushrooms with soybean paste. Ingredients may change depending on the season. 

Gochujang-jjigae(고추장찌개) : It is a jjigae made by boiling red pepper paste with water and adding meat, green onions, tofu, etc. This is the most common jjigae in Korea.
Soft tofu-jjigae(순두부찌개) : This is a jjigae made by adding seasoning to soft tofu and seasoning it with soy sauce or salt. It is one of the soft and easy-to-digest foods.

The Fame Monster

The Fame Monster is an extra long EP (extended play) recording created by American artist Lady Gaga in 2009. "The Fame Monster" reached the top of the charts in Australia, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Poland and the United Kingdom, while reaching the top ten in other major markets. Lady Gaga did a tour called the Monster Ball that lasted from late 2009 until mid-2011.

Gaga has said that the album represents the darker side of fame, and each song shows a certain fear.

The singles on "The Fame Monster" are "Bad Romance", "Telephone" (featuring R&B singer Beyoncé), and "Alejandro". The album and "Bad Romance" received three Grammy Awards altogether: Best Pop Vocal Album ("The Fame Monster"), Best Pop Vocal Performance ("Bad Romance"), and Best Short Form Music Video ("Bad Romance"). In the UK, the first two singles topped the chart.The main music genres which make up the album are pop, dance-pop, and electropop.

Traffic Cops

Traffic Cops is a British reality TV show narrated by Jamie Theakston. It is about criminals who are seen breaking the law on the road, often in cars. It has been on TV since 2003 and follows police forces in the UK. It is on BBC1 and old shows are on Blighty and Watch.

Fumigation

Fumigation is the making of toxic fumes. It may be done for several reasons. The most common use is to kill insects that hide in various places in a house or other building. There are a few steps to fumigate. First, the house or room is sealed. Then the fumigant (substance making fumes) is placed in the area. Then the fumigant is left to flow through the area. Finally, the fumigant is released before the people move back in. The gases are very toxic and the person fumigating has to make sure no one goes into the fumigation area or they might get poisoned. 


List of oxides

This page is a list of all oxides. Oxides are chemical compounds containing oxygen in an oxidation state of -2.



Exit (system call)

exit in computing means to terminate a task or program. On many computer operating systems, a process is stopped by making a system call, called exit. An exit in a multithreading environment means that a thread of execution has stopped running. The operating system reclaims memory that was used by the process. The process is said to be a "dead process" after it terminates.


Kip Winger

Kip Winger (born Charles Frederick Kip Winger, June 21, 1961, Denver, Colorado) is an American rock musician. He is a member of the band Winger, and a solo artist.

Winger (band)

Winger is an American metal band from in New York City. Winger became popular during the late 1980s and early 1990s from songs like "Seventeen", "Headed for a Heartbreak" and "Miles Away". As the music scene changed in the early to mid-1990s with the popularity of grunge music, the band lost popularity after their third album "Pull".

After the band broke up in 1994, some of the band members began solo careers. The band reunited in 2001 with a new guitarist (John Roth). In 2006, the band's 1993 touring line-up (except for Paul Taylor) re-united to record the band's first studio album in over 13 years, "IV". In 2009 the band released a fifth album, "Karma".

Nadia Petrova

Nadezhda "Nadia" Petrova (); born June 8, 1982 in Moscow, Soviet Union, is a Russian professional tennis player. 

She has won 27 WTA Titles, nine in singles and eighteen in doubles. In singles, Petrova has a career high ranking of World No. 3 in May 2006. She has reached the semi-finals of the French Open in 2003 and 2005. In doubles, she won the Sony Ericsson Championships in 2004 with Meghann Shaughnessy. As of 29 August 2011, Petrova was ranked World No. 30 in singles and World No. 9 in doubles. 


Ipswich, Queensland

Ipswich () is a large city in Queensland, Australia. It has a population of about 155,000 people. Ipswich is the oldest provincial city in Queensland, and has more than 6000 heritage listed houses, shops, public buildings and historic sites. It is also the site of the Amberley Air Base, the Royal Australian Air Force's largest operating base.

Gypsum

Gypsum (CaSO.2HO) is a common sulfate mineral made of calcium sulfate. Gypsum has been used as a building material for a long time, possibly since the neolithic. Today, it is used in drywall, and as an ingredient of plaster of Paris. It can also be used as a fertilizer. It is softer than most minerals, with a value of 2 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness. This mineral can be, somewhat, scratched with your fingernail. A fingernail, with a value of 2.5 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness is in fact higher than the mineral shown above. It is an ingredient of Portland cement. Gypsum was used in ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia by sculptors. It is also used in making surgical and orthopedic cast molds.

Rick Rude

Richard Erwin Rood (October 8, 1980-April 20, 1999), was an American professional wrestler. He is best known by his ring name "Ravishing" Rick Rude and wrestled for the professional wrestling promotions World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from 1987 to 1998. In his wrestling career he was a one-time WWF Intercontinental Champion and won numerous championships in WCW and ECW.


Scholastic Corporation

Scholastic (or Scholastic Inc.) is a global book publishing company known for making educational items for schools, teachers, and parents, and selling and giving them by mail order and via book clubs and book fairs. It also has the all the publishing rights to the "Harry Potter" book series in the United States.


Scholastic has been criticized for bad marketing to children. A large number of titles have strong media tie-ins and are considered short in literary and artistic merit by some people. Consumer groups have also said that Scholastic is selling too many toys and video games to children.


Johnny Bravo

Johnny Bravo is a Cartoon Network television series that started in the year 1997 and ended the year 2004. Several celebrities (like Adam West and Donny Osmond) guest star. The show is now very popular. It was created by Van Partible.

The series premiered July 14, 1997 and ended officially August 27, 2004. The series is a spin-off of World Premiere Toons, also known as the "What a Cartoon! Show".


A video game titled "Johnny Bravo in The Hukka Mega Mighty Ultra Extreme Date-O-Rama!" was released on June 9, 2009 for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation 2. The PlayStation 2 version was released exclusively in Europe and Australia by Blast Entertainment, while the DS version was released in North America by MumboJumbo.

Characters from "Johnny Bravo" are featured in the Cartoon Network games "", "Cartoon Network Racing", "Cartoon Network Speedway", "", and "".

Randy Couture

Randy Duane Couture (born June 22, 1963 in Everett, Washington) is an American mixed martial artist, Greco-Roman wrestler and actor fighting for the UFC. Couture has won the UFC Heavyweight Championship 3 times, the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship 2 times and is a UFC Hall of Famer. Couture also acted in the movie The Expendables as "Toll Road".


Jason Lee

Jason Michael Lee (born April 25, 1970 in Orange, California) is an American professional Skateboarder turned actor. Growing up in Orange, California, he became a skateboarder at age 13. As a professional skateboarder he traveled worldwide and appeared in several skateboard videos. With a friend he founded the companies Stereo Skateboards and Stereo Sounds Clothing. Deciding to get out of skateboarding before he was too old, he began acting in 1993. His first break as a lead actor came in 1995 and the movie "Mallrats" (alongside Jeremy London). He continued to appear in a number of major Hollywood movies. He is known as an indie darling known for playing quirky characters. In 2005, he gambled on accepting the lead in the "My Name is Earl" television series. The sitcom ran for four years. In 2007, he played Dave Seville in "Alvin and the Chipmunks". He played the role again in the 2009 sequel.

<br>

B.J. Penn

Jay Dee "B.J." Penn (born December 13, 1978 in Hilo, Hawaii) is an American mixed martial artist. He fights for the UFC. Penn is a former one-time UFC Lightweight Champion and one-time UFC Welterweight Champion. Penn was also the coach of the 5th season of The Ultimate Fighter against the other coach, Jens Pulver. Penn is also a former one-time "Rumble on the Rock" Lightweight Champion.


Constitutional economics

Constitutional economics is a program of joint study of economics and constitutionalism. It is often described as "the economic analysis of constitutional law." Constitutional economics tries to explain the selection of constitutional rules "limiting the choices and activities of economic and political agencies." This is different from the approach of traditional economics. Also, constitutional economics studies how well economic decisions of the state agree with the existing constitutional economic rights of its citizens." For example, proper distribution of economic and financial resources of the state is a big question for every nation. Constitutional economics tries bringing together constitutional economic rights of the citizens and economic policy of the state.

The term “constitutional economics” was created in 1982 by the U.S. economist Richard McKenzie. Then it was used by another American economist – James M. Buchanan – as a name for a new academic sub-discipline. Buchanan’s work brought him in 1986 the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for his "development of the contractual and constitutional bases for the theory of economic and political decision-making."

Buchanan rejects "any organic conception of the state" as superior in wisdom, to the citizens of this state." This philosophical position forms the basis of constitutional economics. Buchanan believes that every constitution is created for at least several generations of citizens. Therefore, it must be able to balance interests of the state, society, and each individual.

There exists an important opinion that constitutional economics can be regarded as the modern "science of legislation."

The constantly growing public interest in constitutional economics has already brought to life several academic journals, for example, "Constitutional Political Economy" (established in 1990).

The U.S. judge Richard Posner stresses the important role of state constitution in the economic development. He asserts that "effective protection of basic economic rights promotes economic growth."

The Supreme Court of India used practical interpretation of the Indian Constitution to protect the poorest and most oppressed groups of the population in several cases of public interest litigation. This is an example of real life application of the methodology of constitutional economics.

Constitutional economics pays special attention to such topic as proper national wealth distribution. Many countries with changing or developing economic systems still regard their constitutions as abstract legal documents having nothing in common with actual economic policy of the state. Three quarters of all independent states are still living under nearly absolute state control of the national economy. Neither civil society nor individual citizens in these states have any influence on the decisions taken in the process of national wealth distribution. Therefore, constitutional economics is especially important for the countries whose political and economic systems are in transition and where the state rarely respects constitutional economic rights of its citizens.



FIA Super Licence

The FIA Super Licence is a qualification allowing the licence (license) holder to take part in Formula One Grands Prix as a driver. The licence is issued by the FIA upon request.

There are several requirements to qualify for an FIA Super Licence. The driver requesting the licence must already have a Grade A competition licence. They must also meet the requirements of the FIA International Sporting Code, Appendix L. Appendix L lists other racing experience required. One of the following is required:

In rare and special cases, Appendix L allows the FIA to award a Super Licence to a driver who does not meet the normal requirements. A yes vote by all the members is required. The driver must also completed 300 kilometres of testing at racing speeds in a current car.

The nationality that appears on the racing licence is the same one that appears on the driver's passport. This does not need to be the same as the country issuing the racing licence. A Frenchman living in Germany can race with a German licence, but the nationality displayed would still be French. In order to race as German, the driver would need to have German nationality as well. For drivers with multiple citizenships, the driver chooses which country to drive for.


Kijiji

Kijiji ( ; , Swahili for "village") is a centralized network of online groups of people for writing local online classified advertisements. It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005. Kijiji is currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany. Further Kijiji countries are France, Italy, Canada, China, India, Taiwan, Belgium, Switzerland, Austria, and Japan. Kijiji was made available to selected cities in the United States on June 29, 2007, under the name of "eBay Classifieds".

Kijiji offers similar services and is seen as a competitor to Craigslist with the biggest exception being that Kijiji has quite an extensive pets section. Kijiji's owner eBay is also a minority shareholder in Craigslist. In April 2008 eBay launched a lawsuit against Craigslist claiming that their executives were attempting to weaken eBay's investment, while in May of the same year, Craigslist filed a countersuit claiming Kijiji had stolen trade secrets and that eBay used misleading tactics to promote the service.

In November 2004, eBay acquired Marktplaats.nl, which offers a similar classifieds service in the Netherlands, holding an 80% market share.

At that time, Marktplaats.nl had set out into Spain, Germany, Turkey and Canada under the name of Intoko. Intoko Spain merged with Loquo, Intoko Germany merged with Kijiji Germany and Intoko Canada merged with Kijiji Canada. Intoko Turkey transferred to the Kijiji platform and is currently operating as "intoko.kijiji.com.tr".

In May 2005, eBay bought Gumtree, which offers a similar service for cities in the UK, Ireland, Poland, Hong Kong, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand, as well as the Spanish company Loquo. One month later, it acquired OpusForum.org, another website offering online classifieds in Germany. In July 2006, Klaus Gapp, the founder of OpusForum, noted that, after its acquisition, it had "merged with its new Kijiji classifieds business in the German speaking markets of Austria, Germany and Switzerland." In August 2008, Kijiji re-branded their India site to Quikr.com.

The Kijiji Germany website has changed its name to eBay Kleinanzeigen.

In March 2010, eBay unveiled a new classifieds site, called eBay Classifieds, to replace its old site, Kijiji, in the United States.

Struggle for existence

The struggle for existence is a natural history [metaphor]. It refers to the competition between living things to survive. This, and the similar phrase "struggle for life", were used over 40 times by Charles Darwin in the "Origin of Species", and the phrase is the title of chapter 3 of the "Origin".
Darwin got the idea from his reading of the 6th edition of Thomas Malthus' "Essay on the principle of population", and Alfred Russel Wallace also used the phrase regularly.

The idea is actually much older, and many natural historians have noted the competition between animals. Generally speaking, they have been interested in the competition between species. Malthus was probably the first to think about the struggle for resources between members of one species – humans.

Darwin first heard about Malthus in letters from his sister Fanny, while he was voyaging on HMS "Beagle". Fanny told him Malthus' ideas were being promoted by Harriet Martineau, an early feminist writer. Later on, back in London, Darwin met Martineau over dinner, and put a lot of thought into the ideas of Malthus. The number of humans could double in 25 years. If they did not, it was because of competition for resources, such as food, or because wars and disease became more common.

Darwin began to realize that every species of living thing has the potential to increase geometrically (2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, ...), yet this pattern of population growth does not happen in practice. Darwin explains why organisms do not increase geometrically. His reasons were the competition between animals, the limited amount of food, the climate, and epidemics. All organisms are bound together in the struggle for existence by complex relationships between each other. Also, the struggle for existence is greatest between organisms of the same species.

Later, he combined these ideas with two more. One was the idea that, in the struggle, some would be better suited than others to succeed. The other idea was heredity: that the characteristics must be at least partly inherited. This led to his idea of evolution by means of natural selection. Wallace independently came to the same conclusion.

Darwin used the phrase 'struggle for existence' as the title of the third chapter of his "Origin of Species" in 1859. The old idea was now fitted into a complete theory.

Darwin says: "I first thought of selection owing to struggle July 15th 1838".
By the 1850s he had it all worked out in his manuscript "big book" (which was not published until 1975).

While recovering from malaria in the East Indies, Wallace sent an essay to Darwin in 1858. It contained the phrase: "The life of wild animals is a struggle for existence". Wallace had not known much about Darwin's ideas, and reached the idea from exactly the same source: one of the later editions of Malthus' "Essay on population". The arrival of this essay led to the joint publication of the idea of evolution by natural selection in 1958.


Chris Huhne

Christopher Murray-Paul Huhne, commonly known as Chris Huhne (born 2 July 1954) is a British politician. He was born in London and was a member of the Liberal Democrats until 2013.

In the 1980s he tried in vain to become an MP on behalf of the Social Democratic Party. He was the Member of Parliament for Eastleigh from May 2005 until February 2013. He was the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change from May 2010 until February 2012. When he was in that job, he decided on the most efficient ways of having electricity and other important resources in Britain. There was an article in the newspaper that said Huhne wanted to have more nuclear power stations. A lot of people think this is wrong.

Huhne was married to Greek economist Vicky Pryce (born 1952) from 1984 until they separated in 2010 and divorced in 2011. Huhne and Pryce had three children together.

Malcolm in the Middle

Malcolm in the Middle is an American sitcom. It was shown on Fox. It ran from January 9, 2000 to May 14, 2006. "Malcolm in the Middle" won 9 Emmy Awards, 1 Peabody Award and 1 Grammy Award.


The pilot was initially developed for UPN with Regency Television for the 1998–99 television season but when UPN's enthusiasm for the project waned, Gail Berman managed to rescue the pilot by bringing the project to Fox. The show was then moved to the 1999–2000 cycle where it was picked up by Fox.

The show's opening title features short clips from cult films or television shows, edited together with clips from the pilot and early episodes of the show, set to the song "Boss of Me" by They Might Be Giants.

Much of the filming for "Malcolm in the Middle" was done on location in various parts of the thirty-mile zone around Los Angeles. A privately owned home, located at 12334 Cantura Street in Studio City, California, was rented for upwards of $3,000 a day to film as Malcolm's house. Rebuilt in 2011, the property is no longer recognizable due to its modern two-floor design. However, the house directly to the left of it is nearly identical to what it looked like during filming, still making it a frequent stop for fans of the show. School scenes were filmed at Colfax Charter Elementary School, in North Hollywood, and the Lucky Aide was represented by a Drug Emporium at 6020 Lankershim Boulevard in North Hollywood. In "Stock Car Races", when Hal and the boys are entering a race track, the billboard behind the entrance displays the place as Irwindale Speedway, a real race track in Southern California. The last episode in the first season ("Water Park") was filmed at a water park called Wild Rivers (now closed as of 2011) located in Irvine, California. Though palm trees and desert scenery are seen in shots of the local region and town throughout the show, indicating a location in the Western United States, it is never revealed which state the show is set in (except for Francis's whereabouts in early seasons, such as his military school in Alabama and his job in Alaska).

Studio filming for "Malcolm in the Middle" took place on Stage 21 at CBS Studio Center in Studio City.

Hallmarks of the series' filming and structure, many of which heavily influenced later programs, included the following:


During the final two seasons, Christopher Masterson reduced his on-screen time in favor of writing and directing some episodes.

The show's theme song, "Boss of Me", was written and recorded by the alternative rock group They Might Be Giants. The song won the "Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media" award at the 2002 Grammy Awards. The band also performed nearly all of the incidental music for the show in its first two seasons.

Mood-setting music is sprinkled throughout the series, in lieu of audience laughter, in a way that resembles feature film more than other TV sitcoms. Some examples of this highly varied music include ABBA, Basement Jaxx, Sum 41, Kenny Rogers, Lemon Jelly, Lords of Acid, The Getaway People, En Vogue, Electric Light Orchestra, Fatboy Slim, Phil Collins, Claude Debussy, Tears for Fears, Quiet Riot, Queen, Chaka Khan and Citizen King, whose song "Better Days" is played at the end of both the pilot episode and the series finale. The Southern California pop-punk band Lit have many of their songs featured in several episodes. Lit songs that were never released as singles were also used.

A soundtrack, "Music from Malcolm in the Middle", was released on November 21, 2000.


Shays' Rebellion

Shays' Rebellion was a rebellion in central and western Massachusetts (mainly Springfield) from 1786 to 1787. The rebellion is named after Daniel Shays, a veteran of the American Revolution who led the rebels, also known as "Shaysites" or "Regulators". Most of the rebels were poor farmers angered by their debt and taxes. They could not pay their taxes and were afraid of going to jail or having their homes taken away from them.

They tried to stop the courts from taking property from indebted farmers by forcing the closure of courts in western Massachusetts. The participants in Shays' Rebellion believed they were acting in the spirit of the American Revolution, modeled their tactics after the crowd activities of the 1760s and the 1770s, and used "liberty poles" and "liberty trees" to symbolize their cause. 

Shays' Rebellion started on August 29, 1786, and by January 1787, over 1000 rebels had been arrested. A militia, which had been raised as a private army, defeated an attack on the federal Springfield Armory by the main rebel force on February 3, 1787.

Shays' Rebellion produced fears that the American Revolution’s democratic impulse had gotten out of hand. Over time, the farmers grew into armies, controlled by Shays and his men, as they tried to take back their rights.

Burnout Revenge

Burnout Revenge is a car racing game from the "Burnout" series of video games. There is a game in the game called "Takedown" where the player tries to knock as many players into a wall as possible. It was released on September 13, 2005.


Jarvis Green

Jarvis Green (born January 12, 1979) is an American football player. He is a defensive end for the Denver Broncos. He is 6'3 and weighs 285 pounds. He was born in Thibodaux, Louisana. He is 31 years old. He went to Louisana State University.


Cooking Channel

Cooking Channel is an Anerican television channel It replaced Fine Living Network from May 31, 2010. The channel is owned by Scripps Networks Interactive. It is a spinoff of Food Network which is also owned by SNI. The channel focuses more on instructional programs than "reality style" and competitions that Food Network is now geared towards. The original plan was to make the change in the fall of 2010. It was later announced that the switch would be made on May 31, 2010 to happen with Memorial Day in the United States. Cooking Channel launched a high-definition channel on June 30, 2010. The channel has also announced it eventually will offer an on demand version.

Many of Food Network's top chefs and celebrities had new programs on the channel starting in the fall of 2010. These included - Emeril Lagasse, Rachael Ray and Bobby Flay. Lagasse's program, "Emeril's Fresh Food Fast", showed viewers how fresh food can be prepared in a short amount of time without the lose of authentic taste. Flay's program, "Bruch @ Bobby's" focused on Weekend bruches/ Ray's program, "Week In a Day" showedviewers how to plan a week's menu by cooking them all in a single day. 

The channel also carried the new "post-game" show for "The Next Food Network Star". It also aried replays of programs from cooks in Canada and Great Britain, These include Food Network Canada host David Rocco's "David Rocco's Dolce Vita" and Irish chef Rachel Allen's "". 


Social security

Social Security or social welfare is the name given to programs to provide money for people who need it. Social security systems are often linked to health care.

War pensions are the most ancient type of social security. They are mentioned by Plutarch.

Universal benefits are those where everyone who meets the conditions - such as children under a certain age or people who are ill or disabled - are paid.

In many countries social Security provides support only to people who have paid contributions. Most pension systems are for people who have paid contributions. Contributions are regular payments taken from their pay when they are working. They will be recorded by the government. The right to a pension may include dependent members of the family. Pensions may then be paid to widows and orphans. People may also make regular payments into private pensions. 

Means tested benefits are paid to people who can show that they are poor. There are usually tests both of regular income and of capital. They are usually paid to households. Before government schemes were started in many places charities would help people who were thought to need it. 

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international human rights law make the "right to an adequate standard of living" one of the human rights.

In France from the beginning of the 20th century employers were made to insure their workers against injury, illness, maternity, and death. After 1946 there was more done by the government. Now there are allowances for children - universal after the first child and Family Complement which is means tested. There are extra payments for adopted and disabled children and orphans. There are both contributory and means tested benefits for people over 65. 

Unemployment insurance was started in 1958. It is managed by the employers organization and the trade unions.

There is also a means tested benefit called "Revenu de solidarité active" for unemployed and underemployed workers.

Otto von Bismarck started social security benefits in 1883. This was part of what was called State Socialism. This was the first country to do so. It included health insurance, accident insurance (workman's compensation), disability insurance and an old-age retirement pension. 

Now there is a system of unemployment benefit. People and their employers have to pay when they are working. It lasts for up to 12 months. There is also a welfare system called Hartz IV which is means-tested. This is also for working people on low pay. 

There is a state pension. The retirement age will go up to 66 by 2023. It goes by two months each year, until 2031, when the retirement age will be 67. The amount of pension is based on the pay a person had when they were working and the number of years they paid contributions.

See : Social security in the United Kingdom
In the United States, this refers to a program started in the New Deal. The program first gave money only to a few old people, but is now used by millions of people and is one of the largest and most costly programs in the government. The "Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance" program covers 94% of workers. State and local government workers have pension plans at the state or local level. "Retirement Insurance Benefits" are paid to people over the age of 62. The amount is increased if the person delays their claim.

Social Security in the United States is managed by the Social Security Administration, and a person in the program gets a number and has it forever, mainly because of tax reports.

See also: Social Security (United States)



Yorktown, Virginia

Yorktown is a city in Virginia. It is the county seat of York County, though it only has 220 people living there. It is most known for the Battle of Yorktown, between American/French troops under George Washington and Jean Rochambeau, and British troops under Charles Cornwallis. 

The British lost the battle, and had to surrender. This led to the British giving up the American colonies. A battle in the American Civil War was also fought there and was won by the Confederates. 

Yorktown was named for the city of York in Yorkshire, Northern England. It was founded in 1691.

The Pretty Reckless

The Pretty Reckless is an American rock band from New York City. The band's lead singer is Taylor Momsen, who is also a rhythm guitarist. Mark Damon is the band's bassist, Jamie Perkins is the drummer and Ben Phillips is a guitarist, The band formed (began) in 2008. Their debut single, "Make Me Wanna Die" was release in late May and was #1 on the UK Rock Chart. Their first album "Light Me Up" is set to release on August 31, 2010. The band's influences come from grunge rock such as Nirvana, Soundgarden and Courtney Love who fronted the rock band Hole. Other important influences are Joan Jett and Cherie Currie from The Runaways.

Original Songs by The Pretty Reckless:

Chromium chloride

Chromium chloride may refer to:

Romy Schneider

Romy Schneider (September 23, 1938 - May 29, 1982) was an Austrian actress. She was from Vienna. She had German and French citizenship. She had an international career, but worked mostly in France.

She was born Rosemarie Albach-Retty in Vienna, Austria. Her parents were Wolf Albach-Retty (1906-1967) and Magda Schneider (1909-1996), both famous actors in Austria and Germany. 

After her parents divorced in 1945, she was raised by her mother. With her mother's help, and using her mother's family name, she started acting in 1953. She quickly became very popular through Ernst Marischka's trilogy called "Sissi", about the early life of Empress Elisabeth of Austria.

In 1958, she appeared in the movie "Christine", opposite French actor Alain Delon. They became engaged and she moved to France with him.

Schneider worked with directors such as Luchino Visconti in "Boccacio" (1961), Orson Welles in "The Trial" (1962), and Otto Preminger in "The Cardinal" (1963).

After her breakup with Delon in 1964, she went back to Germany. There she married stage director Harry Meyen. They had a son named David (1966-1981). 

She acted with Delon again in the movie "La piscine" in 1969. The rest of her career was mostly in France. Notable movies included; "Les choses de la vie" (1970), "Max et les ferrailleurs" (1971), "Le trio infernal" (1974), "Le vieux fusil" (1975), "La banquière" (1980), "La passante du Sans-Souci" (1981). 

Her later years were plagued by personal tragedies. She gave birth to a stillborn child in 1976 by her second husband Daniel Biasini. Her first husband Harry Meyen killed himself in 1979. Her son David accidentally died impaled while trying to go over a fence in 1981. That same year she had a kidney operation. 

She was found dead in her Paris apartment at the age of 43, probably from a heart attack, although no autopsy was performed. She left a daughter Sarah Biasini (born 1977, by her second husband), who is an actress.

Angri

Angri is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno, Campania, Italy. It was the hometown of Teresina Raiola, the mother of famous American gangster Al Capone, as well Frank Nitti, another famous gangster. It is also where Alfonso Maria Fusco lived and died.


Palm Island (Miami Beach)

Palm Island is a man-made island in Biscayne Bay in the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States. Palm Island lies just south of Hibiscus Island. It is a residential area, the site of exclusive neighborhoods and multi-million dollar homes. The island is accessible via the MacArthur Causeway. 



The Mystery of Al Capone's Vault

The Mystery of Al Capone's Vault was a one-time live American television special broadcast in April of 1986. It was hosted by Geraldo Rivera. The program was about the opening of a secret vault once owned by Al Capone. The program is best known for the vault being empty except for a few pieces of trash.


Johnny Torrio

John "Papa Johnny" Torrio, also known as "The Fox" (February 1882 – April 16, 1957) was an Italian-American mobster who helped make the criminal empire known as the Chicago Outfit in the 1920s. Torrio would later give the Chicago Outfit to Al Capone. He also thought of the National Crime Syndicate in the 1930s and later became an to the Genovese crime family.

He was shot several times in 1925. He died of a heart attack in Brooklyn in 1957.

John Alcock (bishop)

John Alcock (c. 1430 – 1 October 1500) was an English churchman.

He was born at Beverley in Yorkshire, son of Sir William Alcock, Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge. In 1461 he was made dean of Westminster, and his subsequent promotion was rapid in both church and state. In 1461 he was made "Master of the Rolls", and in 1470 was sent as ambassador to the court of Castile. He became Bishop of Rochester on 15 March, Bishop of Worcester on 15 July 1476 and of Ely on 6 October 1486. He was Lord Chancellor, once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487.

Alcock was one of the leading pre-Reformation churchmen; he was a man of deep learning and also a great architect. He founded a charity at Beverley and a grammar school at Kingston upon Hull. He restored many churches and colleges, but his greatest achievement was the building of Jesus College, Cambridge.

Alcock died on 1 October 1500 and lies buried in the Alcock Chantry in Ely Cathedral.


Lord Chancellor

The Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Chancellor is a senior and important functionary in the government of the United Kingdom. He is the second highest ranking of the Great Officers of State after the Lord High Steward. The Lord Chancellor is appointed by the Sovereign on the advice of the Prime Minister. Before the Union there were separate Lord Chancellors of England and Scotland.

Until Tony Blair became Prime Minister the Lord Chancellor was required to be a member of the House of Lords,was its presiding officer, and was Britain's highest-ranking judge. Blair tried to abolish the position and wound up removing some of its responsibilities and dividing others, and now the holder is usually in the House of Commons. The Lord Chancellor remains responsible for the Great Seal and for the efficient functioning and independence of the courts. The current Lord Chancellor is Alex Chalk,who replaced Dominic Raab in 2023.

Formerly, there were separate Chancellors of England, Scotland and Ireland. When the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland united to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain under the Acts of Union 1707 the offices of the Chancellor of England and the Lord Chancellor of Scotland were combined to form a single office of Lord Chancellor of Great Britain for the new state.


2006 Copiapó mining accident

On January 20, 2006, an explosion occurred in the underground copper mine of Carola-Agustina in Copiapó, Chile, shortly after two trucks collided, covering the only escape route for the miners inside the mine.

The explosion caused two deaths, two injured and 70 miners stayed trapped for 7 hours.

At the nearby mine, "Punta de Cobre", miners constructed a tunnel to allow evacuations in case of emergencies, after the explosion.


Copiapó

Copiapó is a Chilean town in Region of Atacama. It was founded in December 8, 1744. It is also the capital of Region of Atacama and Province of Copiapó.


Glenn Beck

Glenn Edward Lee Beck (born February 10, 1964) is an American conservative radio and television show host. He was born in Everett, Washington. His television show, "The Glenn Beck Program", has been played on Fox News Channel and on CNN's Headline News. However, in April 2011, the Fox News Channel said it would stop showing Beck's show later that year. The show was cancelled in June 2011 and was replaced by "The Five". He now has an online site called TheBlaze (it was called GBTV) where he does shows that people can pay to see.

Over 9 million people listen to his radio show every day. Usually, between 2 and 3 million people watch his television show every day. He has written nine books. Also, he sometimes tells his audience about books he thinks they should read. Several books that Beck recommended became the most popular book on Amazon.com.

Although Beck's show is very popular, not everybody agrees with his views. He has been criticized for calling Barack Obama a racist and for talking about conspiracy theories.

Beck is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (also known as the Mormon church).

Beck has been addicted to drugs and alcohol. He has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. On November 10, 2014, Beck announced on TheBlaze that he had been suffering from a severe neurological disorder for at least the last five years.

Haruki Nakamura

Haruki Robert Nakamura (born April 18, 1986 in Elyria, Ohio) is an Japanese-American former professional football safety. He play for 5 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and Carolina Panthers. Nakamura was drafted out of the University of Cincinnati by the Baltimore Ravens with the 206th pick in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft and played with them from 2008 to 2011. His mother Karen was a fourth degree black belt and his father Ryozo was an eighth degree black belt. Nakamura has two brothers named Mako and Yoshi and a sister named Kimi.

On March 16, 2012, Nakamura signed a three-year contract with the Carolina Panthers. In August 2013, Nakamura suffered a concussion during a preseason game and was forced to retire afterwards. He tried to apply for the Player Retirement Plan from the NFL but was denied. Nakamura sued the insurer Lloyd’s of London for damages.


Thomas Robert Malthus

The Rev. Thomas Robert Malthus FRS (13 February 1766 – 23 December 1834), was a British writer on political economy and population. Malthus popularised the economic theory of rent, and was the first to use the phrase "struggle for existence".

Malthus is famous for his theories about population: its increase or decrease in response to various factors. There were six editions of his "An Essay on the Principle of Population", published from 1798 to 1826. He said that sooner or later population gets checked, by famine, disease, and widespread mortality.

He wrote in opposition to many who saw society as improving, and (in principle) as perfectible. William Godwin and the Marquis de Condorcet, for example, believed in the possibility of almost limitless improvement of society. So, in a more complex way, did Jean-Jacques Rousseau, whose notions centered on the goodness of man and the liberty of citizens bound only by the social contract.

Malthus thought that the dangers of population growth would prevent endless progress towards a utopian society: 
As an Anglican clergyman, Malthus saw this situation as divinely imposed to teach virtuous behaviour. Believing that one could not change human nature, Malthus wrote: 

Malthus placed the longer-term stability of the economy above short-term expediency. He criticised the Poor Laws, and (alone among important contemporary economists) supported the Corn Laws, which introduced a system of taxes on British imports of wheat. He thought these measures would encourage domestic production, and so promote long-term benefits.

Malthus became hugely influential, and controversial, in economic, political, social and scientific thought. Many evolutionary biologists read him, especially Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. For both of them, Malthusianism became a stepping-stone to the idea of natural selection. Malthus is still a writer of great significance and controversy.

Littoral zone

The littoral zone refers to that part of a sea, lake or river which is close to the shore. In coastal environments the littoral zone extends from the high water mark, which is rarely under water, to shoreline areas that are permanently submerged. It always includes this intertidal zone and is often used to mean the same as the intertidal zone. However, the meaning of "littoral zone" can extend well beyond the intertidal zone.

In oceanography and marine biology, the idea of the littoral zone is extended roughly to the edge of the continental shelf.

Collective animal behaviour

Collective animal behaviour describes and analyzes the behaviour of groups of animals. In these groups, the animals are often all of the same species. As an example, a school of fish will be made of mostly the same type of fish and a flock of birds will have the same type of bird. A herd is a large group of hoofed, herbivorous mammals.

Animals tend to behave in such a way because this behaviour offers them a benefit. The group of animals also behaves differently from a single animal. Collective animal behaviour is about finding the rules each animal follows; how it communicates with other members of the group and how a decision to do something is reached in the group.

Full-time colonial animals fall into this category in principle, but in practice the species of interest here are those who form temporary groups. Colonial animals have been researched for many years, and are usually based on some kind of family relationship. Temporary collective behavior is a well-known phenomenon, but little researched until now.

Different functions have been proposed, as follows:

1. "Protection from predators".

2. "Better foraging": A school of fish or a group of animals is better at foraging. 

3. "Easier movement": Groups of animals moving together (such as fish or birds) save energy. Many of the larger birds fly in flocks. Flying in flocks helps in reducing the energy needed. Many large birds fly in a V-formation, which helps individuals save 12–20 % of the energy they would need to fly alone. Red Knots "Calidris canutus" and Dunlins "Calidris alpina" were found in radar studies to fly 5 km per hour faster in flocks than when they were flying alone.

4. "Social interaction": This can be seen with fish, such as herring. If an animal is separated from the group, it will feel stressed.

5. Special factors come into play with migrating birds, or birds which gather in huge flocks, such as starlings. Bird behavior has a larger component of learning than fish. In addition to factors listed above is the possibility that migrating bird flocks are good at teaching first-year birds how to do the migration successfully. The specific routes may be genetically programmed or learned to varying degrees. The routes taken on forward and return migration are often different.
The usual term for insects which are not always in a fixed colony, but move in large numbers is swarm. There are many good examples: army ants for instance. The best researched is the locust.

Locusts are the swarming phase of short-horned grasshoppers of the family Acrididae. These are species that can breed rapidly under suitable conditions. Then they come together in large groups and become migratory. They form bands as nymphs and swarms as adults—both of which can travel great distances, rapidly stripping fields and greatly damaging crops.

There is no taxonomic difference between locust and grasshopper species, and in English the term "locust" is used for grasshopper species that change morphologically and behaviourally on crowding, to form swarms or hopper bands. These changes, or phase polymorphism, were first thought of as separate species. 

Research at Oxford University showed that swarming is a response to overcrowding. Increased tactile stimulation of the hind legs causes an increase in levels of serotonin. This causes the locust to change colour, eat much more, and breed much more easily. The transformation of the locust to the swarming variety is induced by several contacts per minute over a four-hour period. It is estimated that the largest swarms have covered hundreds of square miles and consisted of many billions of locusts. Plagues of locusts appear in both the Bible and the Koran, including one of the Biblical Plagues of Egypt, where locusts ate all the crops of Egypt.

Often, animals in a herd are thought to follow simple rules, such as
Recent studies have shown that an animal only picks five to seven other animals, and aligns with them. This seems to be independent of the distance. Another approach is when all animals within a certain distance are noted for alignment.

Primates are a good example of animals which almost always live in small groups. The groups are based on a family, a group of families, or females 'owned' by a dominant male, together with offspring.


Chromium(II) chloride

Chromium(II) chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CrCl. It is a white crystalline chemical. It dissolves in water to produce a bright blue solution. It is a strong reducing agent. If the water has a little acid in it, hydrogen is produced. If the water has a little base in it, chromium(II) oxide is produced. The water needs to be very pure. 

It is made by reacting chromium(III) chloride and hydrogen at a high temperature. It can also be made by reduction of chromium(III) chloride with zinc. It is used in science research. 


Sodium dichromate

Sodium dichromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaCrO. It consists of sodium and dichromate ions. It is an orange crystalline solid. It is an intermediate in making chromium. It is used to make leather. It is also used in making organic chemical compounds. It is a strong oxidizing agent and a toxic carcinogen.


Chrome

Chrome may refer to:



Chrome plating

Chrome plating is the coating of a metal object with a thin layer of chromium metal, also known as chrome. It is normally plated by electrolysis. It can be used to reduce corrosion or for a decorative effect.


Mount Carmel Cemetery (Hillside, Illinois)

Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery in the Chicago suburb of Hillside, Illinois. The cemetery is near the Eisenhower Expressway (Interstate 290) at Wolf and Roosevelt Roads. It is close to three other cemeteries. They are Queen of Heaven Cemetery, Catholic Cemetery, and Oakridge Glen Oaks Cemetery.

The cemetery is in size. There are over 226,275 people buried at Mount Carmel.

The Bishop's Mausoleum is in Mount Carmel Cemetery. It was designed by William J. Brinkmann. It is the burial place of the Bishops and Archbishops of Chicago. Cardinal Joseph Bernardin was buried there after his 1996 death. Also on the cemetery grounds are the burial places of some organized crime figures. There are over 400 family mausoleums on the cemetery grounds.

Below is a short list of people buried at Mt. Carmel Cemetery.




Mercury(II) chloride

Mercury(II) chloride, also known as mercuric chloride and corrosive sublimate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgCl. It has mercury and chloride ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state. 

It is a white crystalline solid. It is very toxic. It can be made by reacting chlorine with mercury. It is not ionic, like most metal-nonmetal chemical compounds are. For example, it evaporates easily when heated, while ionic compounds like sodium chloride stay solid. It dissolves in water, but much better in hot water than in cold water. It also dissolves in chloride solutions. It is very corrosive and a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with bases to make mercury(II) oxide.

It can be made by reacting mercury(I) chloride or mercury metal with chlorine. It can also be made by reacting mercury(I) nitrate with hydrochloric acid or by reacting mercury(II) sulfate with sodium chloride. 

It is used as a catalyst in making plastics. It is also used to make an amalgam with metals such as aluminum. It was used in the past to preserve various things and as a medicine. It is too toxic to be used as a medicine anymore. It was used in photography. 


Mercury(I) chloride

Mercury(I) chloride, also known as calomel and mercurous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgCl. It has mercury and chloride ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

It is a white to pale yellow crystalline solid. It is toxic, but not as toxic as mercury(II) chloride because it does not dissolve in water. It turns back into mercury and mercury(II) chloride when reacted with ammonia or exposed to ultraviolet light. The black color that came from the reaction with ammonia gave its name "calomel" (beautiful black). It is a weak reducing agent. It is the most common mercury(I) compound.

Calomel is sometimes found as a mineral, but it is quite rare.

It is made by reacting mercury with mercury(II) chloride. It can also be made by reacting mercury(I) nitrate with sources of chloride, such as sodium chloride. 

It is used in electrochemistry as a reference electrode. Reference electrodes are used to find the electrode potentials (ability to be oxidized and reduced) of other chemical substances. Since it decomposes when light is shined on it, it is used to see how many photons are in a light beam. It was used as medicine in the past, although it was toxic.


Mercury(I) nitrate

Mercury(I) nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Hg(NO). It has mercury and nitrate ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

It is a white solid. It is a weak reducing agent in air. It oxidizes to mercury(II) oxide and mercury(II) nitrate. It reacts slowly with water when it is dissolved in water. This makes a basic mercury(I) nitrate and some nitric acid. The basic mercury(I) nitrate is yellow. Mercury(I) nitrate can kill you if you eat or inhale it.

It is made by reacting mercury with a dilute solution of nitric acid. A concentrated solution of nitric acid makes mercury(II) nitrate. 


Amalgam

An amalgam is a solution of a metal in mercury. It is a type of alloy. Many metals can dissolve in mercury. Amalgams are used in tooth fillings. Platinum and iron cannot form amalgams. Gold can dissolve in mercury, which is used to separate gold from its ore. Aluminum forms an amalgam which can react with water because the thin oxide coating on the aluminum is dissolved.


Mercury(II) nitrate

Mercury(II) nitrate, also known as mercuric nitrate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Hg(NO). It contains mercury and nitrate ions. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state. 

Mercury(II) nitrate is a white crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. 

It is made by reacting mercury with concentrated nitric acid; dilute nitric acid would make mercury(I) nitrate.

It was used to make felt from fur. People would get poisoned when using it to make hats, making the term "mad hatter".


Mercury(II) iodide

Mercury(II) iodide, also known as mercuric iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgI. It has mercury and iodide ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is a red crystalline compound. It turns yellow when heated and turns red again when it is cooled. It is insoluble in water. It is highly toxic like all mercury compounds.

Mercury(II) iodide is made by reacting a mercury(II) salt such as mercury(II) chloride with a source of iodide ions. This makes a bright red precipitate.

It is found as the very rare mineral coccinite.

It was used as a medicine, but it poisoned people who took the medicine. It is also used to demonstrate how some things change color when heated and change back when cooled. It can be used to test for ammonia and as a semiconductor. 


Mercury chloride

Mercury chloride can refer to either of the following chemical compounds:


Mercury nitrate

Mercury nitrate can refer to either of the following chemical compounds:


Mercury iodide

Mercury iodide can mean either of the following chemical compounds:


Mercury(I) iodide

Mercury(I) iodide, also known as mercurous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgI. It has mercury and iodide ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

It is a yellow solid. When light is shined on it, it breaks down (by disproportionation) to mercury(II) iodide and iodine. It is toxic, as are all mercury compounds.

It is made by reacting mercury and iodine. It was once used as a medicine.


Stroopwafel

A stroopwafel () (English translation: syrup waffle or treacle waffle) is a waffle made from two thin, round layers of baked batter with a sweet caramel-like syrup filling in between. They're often eaten with coffee or tea and can be warmed up on top of a hot drink. Stroopwafels are often found freshly made and served at markets and by street vendors in the Netherlands, or packaged in supermarkets in over 70 countries across the world. 

Stroopwafels were first made in the city of Gouda in the late 18th or early 19th century. Bakers used leftover bread and dough to make them. They sweetened these leftovers with syrup to create a tasty treat. The first known written recipe for stroopwafels dates back to 1840. However, some stories say that a baker named Gerard Kamphuisen may have created them around 1810. 

Stroopwafels come in different sizes, from small (5 cm) to large (25 cm). Occasionally, they have honey or chocolate inside. There are also types made for people with special diets, like a gluten-free diet or a vegan one.

In some places, like Northern France, cookies that are similar to stroopwafels can be found. Other sweets like ice cream and cakes sometimes use stroopwafel flavors too.

Bakers make a thick dough with flour, butter, sugar, yeast, milk, and eggs. They cook this dough in a waffle iron until it is crispy. When the waffle is still warm, they cut it into a round shape and then slice it horizontally into two thin layers. They then spread a mix of syrup, brown sugar, butter, and cinnamon between these layers. As this mix cools, it turns into caramel and sticks the layers together.

Stroopwafels are enjoyed all over the world. In many places, they are known as "coffee toppers" because people like to warm them on their hot drinks. These treats have appeared on cooking shows all over the world and are even served as snacks on some airlines. 

Inline-four engine

The Inline-four engine or Straight-four is an internal combustion engine with all four cylinders. All four cylinders are mounted in a straight line along one crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel and natural gas.

The single bank of cylinders may be in a vertical direction (straight up), or at an angle. When the cylinders are mounted at an angle, it is sometimes called a slant-four. When listed as an abbreviation, an inline-four engine is listed either as I4 or L4 (for "longitudinal"). L4 is often used to avoid confusion between the digit 1 and the letter I.

The inline-four layout is a mechanically simple engine. It has a natural basic engine balance. It is smoother than one, two, and three cylinder engines. This makes it popular for economy cars. It does have a problem with secondary engine balance. This causes minor vibrations in smaller engines. These vibrations become worse as engine size and power increase. The more powerful engines used in larger cars use different an engine layout to avoid this problem.

This inline-four gasoline configuration is the most common in cars with a displacement (engine size) up to 2.4 L. Porsche used a 3.0 L four in its 944 S2 and 968 sports cars. Antique vehicles tended to have larger displacements to develop horsepower and torque. The Model A Ford was built with a 3.3 L inline-four engine.

Four-cylinder diesel engines are lower revving than gasoline engines. They often exceed 3.0 L. Toyota made a 4.1 L diesel engine that was used in the Toyota Mega Cruiser. Larger four-cylinder engines are used in industrial applications, are often made with displacements up to about 4.6 L.

Displacement can also be very small. Some cars sold in Japan have engines that are only 660 cc.

The 1913 Indianapolis 500 was won by Jules Goux driving a Peugeot. This car was powered by an inline-four engine designed by Ernest Henry. This design was big influence for racing engines. It was the first to use dual overhead camshafts (DOHC) and four valves per cylinder. This became the standard design for racing inline-four engines.

This Peugeot was sold to the American driver "Wild Bob" Burman. Burman broke the engine in 1915. Because of World War I, Peugeot could not deliver a new engine. Burman asked Harry Arminius Miller to build a new engine. With John Edward and Fred Offenhauser, Miller created a new engine. Its design was based on the Peugeot inline-four engine. This was the first version of the engine that would dominate the Indianapolis 500 until 1976. At first, the engine was named Miller. Later it became known as Offenhauser. The Offenhauser engines won five straight races at Indianapolis from 1971 to 1976. It was not until 1981 that engines such as the Cosworth V8 engine eliminated them.

Many cars produced for the pre-WWII voiturette Grand Prix motor racing used inline-four engine designs. These cars were rebuilt and reused after the war. They formed the beginnings of what is now Formula One.

Modern inline-four motorcycle engines first gained their popularity with Honda's single overhead camshaft CB750 in the 1970s. The inline-four has become one of the most common engine configurations in street bikes The inline-four is common because of its relatively high performance-to-cost ratio. All of the Japanese motorcycle manufacturers offer motorcycles with inline-four engines.


Anthony Rolfe Johnson

Anthony Rolfe Johnson, CBE (born 5 November 1940; died 21 July 2010) was an English operatic tenor. He was especially famous for singing the music of Monteverdi, Mozart and Benjamin Britten. He sang many of the operatic roles which Britten had written for Peter Pears to sing.

Anthony Rolfe Johnson was born in Tackley in Oxfordshire. When he was a child he enjoyed singing, but did not think of taking it up as a career. He started to work in farm management. Then, in his late twenties, he decided to study singing at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He started his singing career by singing in operas in the chorus and in small roles at the Glyndebourne Festival between 1972 and 1976. His first big operatic part was Vaudémont in Tchaikovsky’s "Iolanthe" in 1973 with the English Opera Group. Then he sang the part of Albert Herring in Britten’s opera.

In 1978, he joined English National Opera. He sang several roles in Mozart and Monteverdi operas, then he sang the Male Chorus (a solo part) in Britten’s "The Rape of Lucretia" and Aschenbach in "Death in Venice". Later he sang the title role in "Peter Grimes". He sang in opera houses all over the world, including including the English National Opera, Royal Opera House, La Monnaie in Brussels, La Scala, Milan, the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, the Vienna State Opera, and the Paris Opera.

Rolfe Johnson sang other music besides operas. He sang in several oratorios, and he sang the role of Evangelist in J. S. Bach's "St John Passion" and "St Matthew Passion", as well as in Britten’s "War Requiem". He also sang on the concert platform, and he gave recitals of Lieder. He helped find a group called “The Songmakers’ Almanac” who sang classical songs. .

He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1992. 

He died of Alzheimer's disease on 21 July 2010.


Guildhall School of Music and Drama

Guildhall School of Music and Drama is a school for music and drama in London, England. It was founded in 1880. Students can study Music, Opera, Drama, Stage Management and Technical Theatre.

The first Guildhall School was in an old warehouse, but it was soon too small. A new building was especially built and opened in 1886. Before 1935 it was known as the Guildhall School of Music. Since 1977 it has been next to the Barbican Arts Centre in the Barbican Complex.

The Guildhall School does not just teach students at the school. They also organize music examinations in the whole of Britain for anyone learning musical instruments. In 2004 these examinations joined with those of Trinity College London to form Trinity Guildhall Examinations. Today, Trinity Guildhall offers qualifications in performing and teaching in music, speech and drama, and dance to external students (students who are not studying at the school).

Today the school has a 308-seat drama and opera theatre, concert hall, lecture / recital hall and a small studio theatre. The students of the school regularly perform all over London. In 2008 work began on a large extension to the School. It will cost about £90 million.

Famous musicians who studied there include the trumpeter Alison Balsom, the composer Thomas Adès, the flautist Sir James Galway, the pianist Paul Lewis, the violinist Tasmin Little and the singers Kate Royal and Bryn Terfel.


Mercury-vapor lamp

A mercury-vapor lamp is a kind of gas discharge lamp. It makes light from mercury. The mercury atoms release ultraviolet and visible light. In some bulbs, the ultraviolet light shines on phosphors which make white light from it, although not all mercury-vapor lamps use phosphors. The EU wants to ban them because they contain large amounts of mercury and are not efficient like fluorescent bulbs. They last much longer though.

They are the bluish streetlights. Depending on the quality of the bulb, age of the bulb, phosphor used, and other chemicals added to the mercury, the color of the light can vary from blue-white to green-white, to almost pure white. A green tint usually indicates an older bulb, although it doesn't necessarily mean that the bulb is about to burn out. The metal halide lamp is an improved version of the mercury vapor lamp that contains a metal halide (usually sodium iodide) in addition to the mercury. The metal halide produces orange light, which combines with the blue-white light from the mercury to produce a very pure white light.


Sodium vapor lamp

A sodium vapor lamp is a kind of gas discharge lamp. Streetlights are a major use. There are two types; the high pressure lamp and the low pressure lamp. The older low pressure one gives yellow light. It is still used where the ability to show different colors is not very important. The newer high pressure sodium vapor light emits a broader spectrum, often appearing orange but letting people see different colors. 

These lights contain sodium metal in them. They operate by a spark through a tube that contains the sodium. The sodium emits a yellow color, which produces the light. Because the lamp contains highly flammable sodium as well as toxic mercury, it should not be placed in the trash and must be disposed of properly at the end of its life.


Streetlight

A streetlight is a light bulb on a pole used for lighting streets. Streets can be lit for safety or visibility reasons, so people can see where they are walking at night. Streetlights are normally either orange or blue. The blue ones are mercury-vapor lamps. They are older and last longer. The orange ones are sodium vapor lamps. They are newer and more efficient.


Aluminium oxide

Aluminium oxide, also known as aluminum oxide, is a chemical compound made from aluminium and oxygen. Its chemical formula is AlO. It is a normally white, powdery solid. It does not exist in a particular form. It can dissolve in acids and bases. It is used as an abrasive (sandpaper is an abrasive). It comes in bauxite and corundum. It does not melt easily. It is dissolved in a cryolite melt and electrolyzed to make aluminium.

Corundum is the most common naturally occurring crystalline form of aluminium oxide. Rubies and sapphires are types of corundum. The reason why they have different colors is because there are other elements in it.

AlO is an electrical insulator but it has a high thermal conductivity (). Aluminium oxide is insoluble in water. Its most common occurring crystalline form, called corundum or α-aluminium oxide.

Aluminium oxide is the reason why aluminium cannot corrode. When aluminium reacts with atmospheric oxygen, a thin layer of aluminium oxide (4 nm thickness) forms on any exposed aluminium surface. This layer protects the metal from more oxidation.

Aluminium oxide is an amphoteric substance, meaning it can react with both acids and bases, such as hydrofluoric acid and sodium hydroxide.


Abrasive

An abrasive is something that is very hard. It is also rough. It is used to rub things so they get smooth. When abrasives are glued to paper, it makes sandpaper. Aluminium oxide is a common abrasive. Abrasives are used to make the ends of wood pieces smooth and to smooth the cut ends of metal. The hardest natural abrasive is diamond. Diamond is commonly used in saw blades designed to cut tile or stone.

Sandpaper

Sandpaper is a piece of paper with an abrasive glued to it. Sandpapers come in various types. Some are very rough, while others are very smooth. They are used to clean wood and metal and make them smooth. Some sandpaper is made to go on a machine that rubs very fast, while other sandpaper is used by hand.

Corundum

Corundum is a mineral. It is very hard, with a Mohs hardness of 9 (diamond is 10). It is usually clear. Its chemical formula is aluminium oxide, AlO. Sometimes some of the aluminium atoms get replaced with chromium atoms. It then becomes a ruby. Other impurities can make a sapphire.


Aluminium chloride

Aluminium chloride (AlCl), is a chemical compound. It is a white or yellow crystalline solid. It melts at a low temperature. It is made by reacting aluminium oxide with hydrochloric acid. The anhydrous (without water) form may be made by reacting aluminium and chlorine. It is used in the making of chemicals. It is also used in deodorants. It can cause slight irritation.


The Salt Lake Tribune

The Salt Lake Tribune is a newspaper based in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was founded in 1871 and was known as "Mormon Tribune" by some former LDS Church members William Godbe, Elias L.T. Harrison and John Tullidge.


Joey Ramone

Joey Ramone (born Jeffery Hyman, May 19, 1951 – April 15, 2001) was an American punk musician and founder member of the Ramones, in which he was lead singer, along with Dee Dee Ramone, Tommy Ramone, and Johnny Ramone.

Joey Ramone's mother encouraged both his and his brothers' interests in music. He was a fan of The Beatles, The Who, Iggy and The Stooges and David Bowie, among other bands. He was a fan of Phil Spector. He started playing the drums at 13 and played throughout his teen years. He idolized Pete Townshend of the Who.

Joey Ramone died at the age of 49 on April 15, 2001 of lymphoma.

Rashad Evans

Rashad Anton Evans (born September 25, 1979 in Niagara Falls, New York) is an American mixed martial artist. He currently fights for the UFC and fights out of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Evans is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and was the winner of The Ultimate Fight season 2 in the heavyweight division. Evans holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Gaidojutsu


Georges St-Pierre

Georges St-Pierre (born May 19, 1981 in Saint-Isidore, Quebec) (often called GSP for short) is a semi-retired Canadian mixed martial artist that fights for the UFC and fights out of Montreal, Quebec. St-Pierre has won the UFC Welterweight Championship 3 times. St-Pierre is a 3rd degree black belt in Kyokushin, a black belt in Gaidojutsu and a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. On December 13, 2013, he announced that he was vacating the championship and was taking time off from MMA.


Trish Stratus

Patricia Anne Stratigias (born December 18, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler, fitness model, and fitness guru, actress and television personality. She is best known for her time with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E) where she wrestled under the ring name, Trish Stratus. Stratus is a former one-time WWE Hardcore Champion, seven-time WWF/E Women's Champion and was named Babe of the Year from 2001 to 2004 and was also named Diva of the Decade. She returned to the WWE on February 20, 2011 after she made a surpise appearance at the 2011 Elimination Chamber pay-per-view. She will also be a trainer on the 2011 revival of Tough Enough.

She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Stephanie McMahon in 2013. The next year, Stratus inducted Lita in the Hall of Fame.


Alberto Del Rio

José Alberto Rodríguez (born May 25, 1977) is a Mexican professional wrestler, former mixed martial artist and luchador enmascarado. He has wrestled in the WWE under the ring name Alberto Del Rio. He has also wrestled for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Ring of Honor (ROH) and Lucha Underground (LU). He competeed in AAA under the ring name El Patrón Alberto ("The Boss Alberto") and in ROH and LU under the name Alberto el Patrón.

In 2006 Pro Wrestling Illustrated ranked Alberto Del Rio #45 of the 500 best singles wrestlers of the PWI 500. On January 30, 2011, Del Rio won the 2010 Royal Rumble by last eliminating Santino Marella.

On August 7, 2014, it was announced that Del Rio had been fired from the WWE after he slapped an employee who allegedly made a racist joke.

On August 17 at Triplemanía XXII, El Patrón and his father Dos Caras returned to AAA. He spoke about returning to AAA and he addressed the WWE, claiming that they were racist. They were interrupted by the Los Perros del Mal stable.

On December 11, 2014, Ring of Honor (ROH) announced that they had signed Rodríguez and that he would make his debut for them on January 3, 2015. In his debut match, he defeated Christopher Daniels.

On January 17, 2015, Lucha Underground announced that they had signed Rodríguez. He debuted for them at their television tapings in Los Angeles, California later that same day.

On October 25, 2015, Del Rio made a surprise return to the WWE at Hell in a Cell with Zeb Colter as his manager. At Hell in a Cell, Del Rio answered John Cena's United States Open Challenge. He defeated Cena to win the United States Championship.


Chris Masters

Christopher Todd Mordetzky (born January 8, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. As of 2023, he was signed to National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) under the ring name Chris Adonis. He is a former two-time National Champion in NWA. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), under the ring name Chris Masters. He is also known for his time in Impact Wrestling, under the ring name Chris Adonis. For Qatar Pro Wrestling, he is a former QPW Tag Team Champion with Carlito.

After being trained in Ultimate Pro Wrestling, Mordetzky signed with WWE. He was sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling for training. In 2005, he wrestled for the first time as "The Masterpiece" Chris Masters. He was a wrestler in a great body shape. Massters used "The Masterlock" as finishing move. It was a full nelson hold. During his career in WWE, the Masterlock was a submission no one could break. The Masterlock Challenge storyline ended after Bobby Lashley broke the hold on March 20, 2007. Masters was released in 2007. He worked on the independent circuit for two years before returning to WWE in 2009. Masters was released again in 2011. Since then, he has worked on the independent circuit. He has had notable stints in Global Force Wrestling (GFW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

Starling

The starlings are a family of small to medium-sized birds, the Sturnidae. This family are passerine songbirds, whose best-known species is "Sternus", the common starling.

Starlings occur naturally in the Old World, from Europe, Asia and Africa. Species (usually the common starling) have been introduced to North America, Hawaii and New Zealand. In these new areas they compete for habitat with native birds, and are considered as invasive species.

Starlings have strong feet, their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious (social). Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They are omnivores. They eat insects and fruit. Several species live around humans. Many species search for food by opening the bill after probing it into dense vegetation; this behavior is called 'open-bill probing'. Plumage is usually dark with a metallic sheen and white flecks (spots). Most species nest in holes, laying blue or white eggs.

Many Asian species, particularly the larger ones, are called mynas, and many African species are known as glossy starlings because of their iridescent plumage.

Starlings have varied and complex songs, and may copy sounds from their surroundings, including car alarms, and human speech. The birds can recognize particular individuals by their calls.

North-East European starlings migrate, but in southern and western Europe the birds are resident. Starlings are generally a highly social family. Most species associate in flocks of varying sizes throughout the year. These flocks may include other species of starlings and sometimes species from other families. This social activity is obvious in their roosting behaviour. In the non-breeding season some roosts can number thousands of birds. Flocks in Britain used to number millions of birds, though numbers are now fewer than they used to be.

"Sternus vulgaris" is a highly gregarious species in autumn and winter. Flock size is variable: huge flocks are a spectacular sight and sound. These flocks often attract birds of prey such as sparrowhawks. Flocks form a tight sphere-like formation in flight, frequently expanding and contracting and changing shape, seemingly without any leader.

Very large roosts, sometimes up to 1.5 million birds, can form in city centers, woodlands, or reedbeds, causing problems with their droppings.
Huge flocks of more than a million starlings are observed just before sunset in spring in southwestern Jutland, Denmark. There they gather in March until they leave for their breeding ranges by mid-April. Their flocking creates complex shapes against the sky, a phenomenon known locally as "Black Sun". To witness this spectacle, the best place are the seaward marshlands of Tønder and Esbjerg .
Flocks of anything from five to fifty thousand starlings form in areas of the UK just before sundown during mid winter. These flocks are commonly called a murmeration, sometimes a Starling "Moot".(meaning "meeting" or "council")


Although there are approximately 200 million starlings in North America, they are all descendants of 60 birds released in 1890 (and 40 more in 1891) in Central Park, New York, by Eugene Schieffelin. He was a member of the Acclimation Society of North America, which tried to introduce to North America every bird species mentioned in the works of William Shakespeare.

As an introduced species, European starlings are not protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. Starlings are considered a nuisance species in North America. The birds, which travel in enormous flocks, often pose dangers to air travel, disrupt cattle operations, chase off native birds, and roost on city blocks. They leave behind corrosive droppings and hundreds of millions of dollars of damage every year. In 2008, U.S. government agents poisoned, shot and trapped 1.7 million starlings, more than any other nuisance species.
The starling family includes a lot of birds which look different to the common starling. One large group is called the mynas, which genetic analysis shows is not a natural group.

Mirko Filipović

Mirko Filipović (born 10 September 1974 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian mixed martial artist who currently fights for the UFC. He is known by his nickname Mirko Cro Cop, which he gained when he was in the Lučko Anti-Terrorist Unit. Filipović also fought for the Pride Fighting Championships where he won a PrideFC 2006 Openweight Grand Prix Tournament. 

Giancarlo Volpe

Giancarlo Volpe (born 31 July 1974 in Tacoma, Washington) is an Italian American animator and director. He graduated from the School of Visual Arts in 1997. He started his career at Humongous Entertainment.




Paramount Parks

Paramount Parks was an operator of theme parks and attractions. In 1994, the Paramount Parks became a part of Paramount Pictures.


Burbank, California

Burbank is a city in the southeastern end of the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles County, California. Located just 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Downtown Los Angeles, Burbank is well known for being home to Walt Disney Studios and Warner Bros Studios, as well as having the largest IKEA in the United States. The population at the 2020 census was 107,337.


ABC Family

Disney Channel


NHS Alliance

The NHS Alliance was a National Health Service group, which is made up of doctors, hospital managers and others working in health care in England, Scotland and Wales in the United Kingdom. It is not a part of the government or a political party. It held an annual conference. Dr Michael Dixon was Chairman of NHS Alliance since 1998, with Michael Sobanja as its Chief Executive.


Cryolite

Cryolite is a rare mineral that consists of sodium fluoride and aluminium fluoride bonded. It is used in the production of aluminium. It is first melted and then aluminium oxide is dissolved in it. Then the solution is electrolyzed. If it is immersed in water, it becomes invisible although it does not dissolve. It used to be found in large quantities in Greenland, but it has been all used up. Now it is made from fluorite artificially. 


Aluminium fluoride

Aluminium fluoride, also known as aluminum fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AlF. It is used to process aluminium. It can be made by reacting aluminium with hydrofluoric acid. It is also made by reacting hexafluorosilicic acid with aluminium oxide.


Hydrofluoric acid

Hydrofluoric acid (HF) is a solution of hydrogen fluoride in water. Its chemical formula is HF. It is a very dangerous acid, being very corrosive and extremely toxic. It can dissolve glass to make hexafluorosilicic acid. If it gets on the skin, it can kill you. It is made by reacting fluorite with sulfuric acid. It is used in the processing of petroleum. It is also used to make various other chemicals containing fluorine, such as teflon (the coating in a frying pan), freon (the cooling agent in an air conditioner), and fluorocarbons (used as propellants in aerosol cans). It is used to clean metals. It is very toxic because it bonds with calcium ions in the body and makes them so they cannot be used. As an acid, it can be deprotonated to produce fluorides, which are also the salts of hydrofluoric acid.

If someone gets hydrofluoric acid on them, medical attention is needed, as just small amounts are very toxic.



DR Movie

DR Movie is a Korean animation studio. It was organised in Seoul in 1990. It often works with Japanese companies on anime titles. 


New York Comic Con

The New York Comic Con is a festival that takes place in New York City for fans of comics, graphic novels, anime, manga, video games, toys, movies, and television.


Hexafluorosilicic acid

Hexafluorosilicic acid is a chemical compound that is an acid. Its chemical formula is HSiF. It is made by the reaction of hydrofluoric acid with silicon dioxide when the hydrofluoric acid is produced. It can be reacted with bases such as sodium hydroxide to produce a fluorosilicate salt such as sodium fluorosilicate. It is used to make artificial cryolite. It releases hydrogen fluoride when it is heated, so it is toxic like hydrofluoric acid. It is used in fluoridation of water. 


San Diego Comic-Con

San Diego Comic-Con International, also known as Comic-Con International: San Diego (as given on its website), and as Comic-Con or the San Diego Comic-Con, was created in 1970 by Shel Dorf and a group of San Diegans. It was set up to celebrate comic books and for fans to meet creators, experts and other fans.


Hydrogen fluoride

Hydrogen fluoride is a chemical compound. It is a highly toxic colorless gas. Its chemical formula is HF. It dissolves in water to produce hydrofluoric acid, a strongly toxic corrosive acid. It is used to make fluorine. It is used as a catalyst. It is much more easily liquified (made into liquid) than any other hydrogen halide.


Hydrogen halide

Hydrogen halides (or hydrohalic acids) are inorganic compounds that contain a hydrogen ion and a halide ion. The halogens are fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine. Astatine does not make a stable hydrogen halide, so it is not included.

The hydrogen halides are diatomic molecules with no tendency to ionize in the gas phase. Chemists therefore distinguish hydrogen chloride from hydrochloric acid. The former is a gas at room temperature that reacts with water to give the acid. Once the acid has formed, the diatomic molecule can not easily be regenerated.

Hydrobromic acid

Hydrobromic acid is an acid. Its chemical formula is HBr. It is a very strong acid. It is used to make bromides by reaction with metals or metal oxides. 

It can be made by reacting bromine, sulfur dioxide, and water. This reaction makes hydrobromic acid and sulfuric acid. It is made by dissolving hydrogen bromide in water. It can also be made by reacting bromine with sulfur and phosphorus. It can also be made by electrolysis of a bromide solution. It can be made by reacting bromides with non-oxidizing acids, because oxidizing acids would turn the bromides into bromine.


Hydrogen bromide

Hydrogen bromide is a chemical compound. It dissolves in water to produce hydrobromic acid. Its chemical formula is HBr. It is a stinky colorless gas. It is used to make other bromides. It is made by reacting hot hydrogen and bromine with a catalyst. It can be made by reacting bromides with non-oxidizing acids, such as phosphoric acid. Bromine can be reduced by phosphorous acid to make hydrogen bromide. 


Hydrogen iodide

Hydrogen iodide () is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HI. It is a colorless odorous gas. It reacts with oxygen to make iodine and water. It can be made by reducing iodine with hydrazine. It can also be made by reacting iodides with non-oxidizing acids such as phosphoric acid. It can also be made by reacting hydrogen sulfide with iodine. Very pure hydrogen iodide can be made by combining hydrogen and iodine, but this is very slow. It will break down if exposed to air. It can be used to make illegal drugs and various chemical compounds of iodine. It dissolves in water to produce hydroiodic acid. Hydroiodic acid is a strong acid that is used to make iodides.



Seal script

Seal script (Chinese: Simplified: 篆书 ;Traditional: 篆書; pinyin: zhuànshū) is an ancient style of Chinese calligraphy.



Clerical script

The clerical script (; pinyin: "lìshū"; Japanese: 隷書体, "Reishotai";) is an archaic style of Chinese calligraphy.

Guzheng

The guzheng, also spelled gu zheng or gu-zheng (, with "gu" 古 meaning "ancient"; and also called zheng 箏) is a Chinese plucked zither.


Pipa

The pipa () is a four-stringed Chinese musical instrument, belonging to the plucked category of instruments (弹拨乐器/彈撥樂器).



Royal charter

A royal charter is a legal document issued by the monarchy which gives certain rights to an organization.

When an organization, for example: a university, is founded there has to be an official document which lists the basic laws (the constitution) of the organization. If this document is given to the organization by the king or queen it is called a Royal charter.

In Europe Royal charters have been used to create towns ever since the Middle Ages. The date when the charter was made is thought of as the date when the town was founded (started), even if there had been people living there many years before.

Many groups such as the British East India Company were formed by Royal charter. Most British university operate under Royal Charters. This gives them the right to give degrees to the students at the end of their studies. 

The BBC operates under a Royal Charter which lasts for a limited period of ten years, after which it is renewed.

Charities may also have Royal charters. They do not need to have one, but they are likely to be more successful if they have a Royal charter.

Aluminium sulfate

Aluminium sulfate, sometimes spelled aluminum or sulphate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Al(SO). It is a white crystalline solid. It can be made by dissolving aluminium oxide in sulfuric acid. It is used to remove particles from water when it is processed for drinking. It is also used in making paper. It is used in baking powder, deodorants, slug killer, and to make garden soils more acidic.


George Grove

Sir George Grove (born Clapham in South London, 13 August 1820; died Sydenham on 28 May 1900) was an English engineer and musician. 

He wrote books about classical composers and is particularly famous for his big musical dictionary "Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians". This dictionary continued to be updated and published after his death. It has now gone through seven editions. The latest edition is available online.

George Grove was born in Clapham in South London. His father sold fish. His mother was into musicals. He learned to be an engineer and was sent out to Jamaica to help to build a lighthouse. 

He worked on the building of the Britannia tubular bridge over the Menai Strait. He married the daughter of a clergyman. He became secretary of the Society of Arts and he wrote many articles for a Dictionary of the Bible. He spent seven years doing this. It gave him the idea of doing something similar for music.

Grove went to many concerts. He bought sheet music and studied it. He wrote programme notes for concerts, writing about the music that was being played. He wrote about a lot of music by Beethoven, Schubert, Mendelssohn and Schumann. 

He wrote detailed essays about the symphonies of Beethoven and was a good friend of Clara Schumann. He travelled with the composer Arthur Sullivan to Vienna where he met many great musicians including Brahms and discovered some music by Schubert that had been forgotten. He spent several years writing his "Dictionary of Music" which was published in four volumes.

Grove worked very hard to get enough money to found the Royal College of Music which was opened in 1883 by the Prince of Wales. Grove got many great musicians to come and teach there, including the world-famous singer Jenny Lind who was already retired, and Hubert Parry, Charles Villiers Stanford and others. 

The prime minister William Gladstone gave him a knighthood for what he had done for music. The new students included many who were to become famous. 

These include Hamish MacCunn and Charles Wood. He became very fond of the student Edith Oldham and had an emotional attachment to her for the rest of his life. His wife was not interested in his work. He called his students his "children" and persuaded them to have a broad education. 

He wanted them to read a lot. He was director of the RCM for eleven years, retiring in 1894, just after the RCM moved into a new building which is situated on the south side of the Royal Albert Hall. The RCM is still there today.

George Grove was a very influential man for English music. Although he was not trained as a musician he became extremely knowledgeable and was an excellent musicologist. The RCM setup a George Grove Memorial Scholarship in his memory.


Thurston Dart

Thurston Dart (born 3 September 1921 - died 6 March 1971), was a British musicologist, conductor and keyboard player. He is particularly remembered for his books in which he wrote about how music from earlier centuries should be performed.

Dart studied keyboard instruments at the Royal College of Music in London from 1938 to 1939, and also studied mathematics at University College, Exeter, graduating in 1942. He became a music lecturer and later professor at the University of Cambridge. During his time at Cambridge, Dart did a lot of work for the early music revival. Musicians were becoming interested in playing music from the Baroque, Renaissance and even Middle Ages. He formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London. In 1964 he became King Edward Professor of Music in the University of London (King's College).

Thurston Dart played the harpsichord in many concerts and made several gramophone recordings. He wrote a book "The Interpretation of Music" (London, 1954), which became very widely read. He wrote many articles in journals about music.

Dart taught many students, included some who later became famous: the composer Michael Nyman, conductor Sir John Eliot Gardiner and conductor/musicologist Christopher Hogwood. He was one of the first musicians to make a recording of Bach's "Brandenburg Concertos" using historical instruments.

Lend-Lease

Lend-Lease was a program of the United States government put into place right before World War II. The United States was still trying to be neutral in the War, but wanted to give supplies to the Allied Powers (Great Britain, France and the Soviet Union). The U.S. gave the Allies several billion dollars of weapons. The Allies gave the United States rights to air and naval bases around the world, as well as billions in future monies. This money was not fully given until 2006. 

Huey Long

Huey Long (August 30, 1893 – September 10, 1935) was an American politician. He was Governor and Senator in Louisiana in the 1930s. As governor he gave out free school books, built new schools, hospitals, roads, and even a new capitol building. He was a critic of big companies and the rich. As Senator, he came up with the idea of "Share Our Wealth" clubs, which promoted wealth redistribution. Long was very popular among the American people. 

On September 10, 1935, Long was shot to death at age of 42 by Carl Weiss, a physician from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. At the time of his death, he was saying that Franklin D. Roosevelt's policies did not go far enough. There were rumors Long would run for president. Long was buried on the grounds of the Louisiana Capitol. The movie "All the King's Men" is based on the life of Huey Long.

His son, Russell would also become a U.S. Senator.

During Long's lifetime, he visited various places in Europe as part of the "Global Reach" projects that he was part of. The most prominent of these visits in the public eye was in Robertsbridge, East Sussex.

Teapot Dome

Teapot Dome was a political scandal that took place in 1921 to 1922. The name comes from an oil reserve near Teapot Rock, Wyoming. President Warren G. Harding let the reserve and another reserve in California, be under the control of the Department of the Interior. The Secretary of the Interior, Albert Fall, who had taken $100,000 from oil companies, then let oil companies use the land. The United States Senate looked into the matter and found Fall had committed conspiracy. It is thought to be one of the biggest political scandals in American history. The scandal caused a large amount of damage to the legacy of former President Harding.

In 1924, Democrats tried to use Teapot Dome to their advantage in that year´s presidential election by reminding people about it. The tactic failed and Republicans handily won.

Air door

An air door or air curtain is a machine used for separating two spaces from each other. The machine is mainly used at doors into buildings. The most common setup for air curtains is a downward-facing blower fan placed over an opening. Normally this opening is a door to a building. The fan stops outside air from entering the building to keep the building warm or cool. The air curtain also keeps insects out by making turbulence. The fan must be powerful enough to generate a jet of air that can reach the floor. They can also be heated or cooled as well to provide space heating or space cooling to an area.

Phosphor

A phosphor is a chemical compound that emits light when it is exposed to light of a different wavelength (i.e. color). Phosphors do not contain the chemical element Phosphorus, which can be made to glow a different way. This sometimes causes confusion. Phosphors are used in many types of lighting, including fluorescent bulbs where they change the ultraviolet light produced by excited mercury vapor into visible light. 

The chemistry of phosphors varies greatly depending on what the phosphor is to be used for. Phosphors include 'glow in the dark' materials that can be found in novelties, toys, and emergency safety lighting for buildings. They are used in the screens of older style cathode ray tube televisions to make visible light from an electron beam. They can also be used to visibly detect ionizing radiation. Light-emitting diodes are devices that often use phosphors to obtain a particular color or color temperature.


Neon lamp

A neon lamp is a light bulb that can make many colors when Noble gasses are inside of the bulb. For example, helium would give a light yellow color and neon would make a red or orange color when an electric current is run in the tube. It is normally used to make letters for signs. Different gases make different colors. Neon Lamps are used to make neon signs.

From left to right: Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, and Xenon.
A neon glow lamp is a little orange light bulb. There is an electric current that flows between the two electrodes.


Turbocharger

A turbocharger, or turbo, is a gas compressor. It is used to force air into an internal combustion engine. A turbocharger is a form of forced induction. It increases the amount of air entering the engine to create more power. A turbocharger has the compressor powered by a turbine. The turbine is driven by the exhaust gas from the engine. It does not use a direct mechanical drive. This helps to improve the performance of the turbocharger.

Early builders of turbochargers called them as "turbosuperchargers". A supercharger is an air compressor used for forcing air into an engine. They thought that by adding a turbine to turn the supercharger, it would yield a "turbosupercharger". The term was soon shortened to "turbocharger". This can now create some confusion. The term "turbosupercharged" is sometimes used to refer to an engine that uses both a crankshaft-driven supercharger and an exhaust-driven turbocharger. This is also called twincharging.

Some companies such as Teledyne Continental Motors still use the term "turbosupercharger" to refer to their turbochargers.

An engine creates power by burning a mixture of air and fuel. The air and fuel are put into the cylinders to burn. When they burn, they push the piston down. The piston turns the crankshaft and creates power. For car engines, this is measured "horsepower".

An engine that does not use a turbocharger or a supercharger is called a "naturally aspirated" or "normally aspirated" engine. Normally, when engine specifications are listed, a note is only made if the engine uses a turbocharger or supercharger. Most car engines are naturally aspirated. The power they can create is limited by the amount of air the pistons can pull into the cylinders.

A turbocharger is a small fan pump that spins around a shaft. The pump is driven by the pressure of the exhaust gas. A turbocharger consists of a turbine and a compressor. They are both mounted on the same shaft. The turbine is a heat engine. It converts exhaust heat and pressure to rotation. This rotation is used to turn the compressor. The compressor takes in the draws in the outside air. It squeezes or compresses the air. It then sends the air to the engine. Because the air pressure has been increased, more air and fuel may be put into the cylinders. This is sometimes called "boost pressure".With more fuel to burn, the engine can create more power. This increases the "horsepower" of the engine.

The engine can be damaged if the air pressure in the cylinders gets too high. If there is too much exhaust gas sent to the turbine, the compressor can create too much pressure. To stop this from happening, a "wastegate" is used. The wastegate will limit amount of exhaust gas sent to the turbine.

The turbocharger was invented by Swiss engineer Alfred Büchi. His patent was applied for use in 1905. Diesel ships and locomotives with turbochargers began appearing in the 1920s.

During the First World War French engineer Auguste Rateau fitted turbochargers to Renault engines powering various French fighters with some success.

In 1918, General Electric engineer Sanford Moss attached a turbocharger to a "Liberty" aircraft engine. The engine was tested at Pikes Peak in Colorado at . The test was to show that the turbo could add the power airplanes lose at high altitude. Internal combustion engines lose power because at high altitude, the outside air pressure is low. Less air and fuel can be drawn into the engine.

Turbochargers were first used in production aircraft engines in the 1930s. 

The first turbocharged diesel truck was built by the "Swiss Machine Works Saurer" in 1938. The first production turbocharged automobile engines came from General Motors in 1962. The Oldsmobile Cutlass Jetfire was fitted with a turbocharger and the Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder with a TRW turbocharger. 

In 1974, at Paris Auto Show, Porsche displayed the 911Turbo. This was during the height of the oil crisis. The 911Turbo was the first production sports car with exhaust turbocharger and pressure regulator. The pressure regulator was the wastegate.
The first production turbo diesel automobiles were the Mercedes 300SD with a Garrett turbocharger, and the Peugeot 604. Both were introduced in 1978. Today, most automotive diesels are turbocharged.

The first successful turbocharged racing engine appears to have been in 1952. Fred Agabashian in a diesel-powered Cummins Special qualified for the pole position at the Indianapolis 500. He led for . Then the turbo was damaged by tire debris. Offenhauser's turbocharged engines first came to Indianapolis in 1966. Their first victory came in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger. Turbocharged cars dominated the 24 Hours of Le Mans between 1976 and 1988, and then from 2000-2007.
Formula One had a "Turbo Era" from until . Engines with a capacity of 1500 cc could produce as much as 1500 hp (1119 kW). In 1977, Renault was the first to use turbocharged engines F1. The performance made up for the high cost. Other engine manufacturers started building turbos. The turbocharged engines took over the F1 field. They ended the Ford Cosworth DFV era in the mid 1980s. the FIA decided that turbochargers were making the sport too dangerous and expensive. In 1987, the FIA decided to limit the maximum boost of the turbos. In 1989, turbochargers were banned completely.

World Rally Car racers have long preferred turbocharged engines. They offer a very high power-to-weight ratios. Turbo power started to rise to the levels of F1 cars. The FIA did not ban turbos. They restrict the turbo power by limiting the inlet diameter.

Some engines use two turbochargers. They will both be the same size. They are normally smaller than used on single-turbos engines. They are often used on V-type engines, such as V6s and V8s. Each turbo is powered by a separate exhaust pipe from the engine. Because they are smaller, they reach their optimal boost more quickly. This setup of turbos is normally called a parallel twin-turbo system. The first production car with parallel twin turbochargers was the Maserati Biturbo of the early 1980s. 

Some car builders avoid turbo lag (below) by using two small turbos. The normal setup is to have one turbo working all the time. The seconds turbo will only start working at higher RPM. Because the turbos are smaller, they do not have as much turbo lag. The second turbo will be able get to full speed before it is required. This setup is normally called a sequential twin-turbo. Porsche first used this technology in 1985 in the Porsche 959.

Turbocharging is very common on diesel engines in automobiles, trucks, locomotives, ships, and heavy machinery. Diesels are particularly suitable for turbochargers for several reasons:

Using turbochargers to increase performance was very appealing to the Japanese builders in the 1980s. The first example of a turbocharged motorcycle is the 1978 Kawasaki Z1R TC. It used a Rayjay ATP turbo kit to build 0.35 bar (5 lb) of boost. This raised the power up from to . It was only slightly faster than the standard model. Several other motorcycles were built with turbos. Turbo applications for motorcycles increased their price. The small gains in performance were not worth the extra cost. Since the mid 1980s, no manufacturers have produced turbocharged motorcycles.

A natural use of the turbocharger is with aircraft engines. As an aircraft climbs to higher altitudes, the pressure of the surrounding air quickly decreases. A turbocharger fixes this problem by compressing the air to higher pressures.

Compressing the air increases its temperature. This causes several problems. Increased temperatures can lead to engine knock because of increased cylinder head temperatures. Hot air cannot burn as much fuel as cold air. This will decrease the power produced. 

The common method of dealing with the hotter air is to cool it. The most common way is to use an inter-cooler or after-cooler. These coolers reduce the temperature of the air before it enters the engine. 

Modern turbocharged aircraft usually do not need to cool the incoming air. Their turbochargers are generally small and the pressures created are not very high. Thus, the air temperature is not increased very much.

To run a supercharger, it needs to take away some power from the engine. The power it adds is more than the power it uses. A turbocharger uses the exhaust gases. This is heat energy that would be wasted. 

Turbochargers can be damaged by dirty or poor oil. Most manufacturers recommend more frequent oil changes for turbocharged engines. The turbocharger will heat when running. Many recommend letting the engine idle for several minutes before shutting the engine off. This gives the turbo time to cool down. This will increase the life of the turbo.

The time required for the turbo to build up the needed pressure is called "turbo lag". This is noticed as a hesitation in engine response. This is caused by the time taken for the exhaust system to speed up the turbine. The directly-driven compressor in a supercharger does not have this problem. 

Lag can be reduced by using lighter parts. This allows the turbine to start faster. Other mechanical changes can reduce turbo lag, but at an increase in cost.


Lee Beom-seok (prime minister)

Lee Beon-Seok (hangul: , October 20 1900 – May 11 1972) was a Korean politician and independence activist. He was South Koreas first National Defense Minister, first Prime Minister, eighth home minister, and Ambassador Embassy of Taiwan. 



Sanat Naft F.C.

Sanat Naft Football Club () is an Iranian football club based in Abadan, Iran. They currently play in the Azadegan League. The team is sponsored by Iran's national petroleum industry and is part of the sports club "Sanat Naft Athletic Club".

Irreducible Mind

Irreducible Mind: Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 parapsychology book. The book talks about ideas proposed by Frederic William Henry Myers. "Irreducible Mind" says that the mind is separate from the brain or body. The book says that the mind continues on after death.

The authors come from various fields of psychology, science studies, and psychical research. Lead author Edward F. Kelly is Professor of Research in the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia.

The book has been criticized for endorsing paranormal claims and pseudoscience. In a review, clinical neurologist Sebastian Dieguez said the book is "painstakingly redundant, astoundingly arrogant in its claims and intents". Dieguez wrote that the authors of "Irreducible Mind" took reports of paranormal phenomena and wild claims at face value, talked "quantum babble" and formed an ignorant "soul of the gaps" argument.


Aluminium Hormozgan F.C.

Aluminum Hormozgan F.C. is an Iranian football club based in Bandar Abbas, Iran. They currently compete in the Azadegan League.

Steel Azin F.C.

Steel Azin Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran.


Saipa F.C.

Saipa Karaj Football Club is a football team based in Karaj, Iran. The team is owned by SAIPA, an Iranian automobile manufacturer.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Saipa in various competitions since 1993.



Persepolis F.C.

Persepolis Football Club (, pronounced Perspolis) is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran. While the original name of the club is Persepolis, it is also called "Piroozi" (meaning victory) in Iran.

Persian Gulf Pro League

The Persian Gulf Pro League () formerly known as Iran Pro League (IPL) () is the highest level of professional football in Iran.

Since the 2001-2002 season, IPL/Persian Gulf Cup has had nine seasons completed. The table below shows the all-time statistics of all teams attended in the 9 seasons held.



Esteghlal F.C.

Esteghlal Cultural and Athletic Club is an Iranian sports club most widely known for its professional football team based in Tehran. It was founded as Taj (), meaning 'Crown' in Persian and renamed after the Islamic Revoloution in 1979.

Esteghlal have been Asian Champions AFC Champions League twice and have also won Nine National Championship titles. Esteghlal together with Al-Hilal Riadh of Saudi Arabia are the second most successful clubs in Asian Champion's League, after Pohang Steelers of South Korea, with two champions titles and two runner up.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Esteghlal in various competitions since 1945.

Disney Mickey's Magix

Disney Mickey's Magix was a breakfast cereal made by Kellogg's and Disney. The cereal turned the milk in the bowl the color blue and the box had the theme of the "Sorcerer's Apprentice" segment from the movie "Fantasia". The cereal had toasted oats with marshmallows.


Country Store

Country Store is a breakfast cereal made by Kellogg's. Country Store is made in the United Kingdom and was first introduced in 1974.


Budweiser

The word Budweiser has several uses.

Alum

Alum is both a specific chemical compound and a class of chemical compounds.


Examples:

Words like "alum" and "potash" were used before modern chemistry developed. The word 'alumen' occurs in Pliny's "Natural History" (2379 AD). In the 52nd chapter of his 35th book, he gives a detailed description. Different substances were distinguished by the name of 'alumen', but they were all astringents, and were all used in dyeing and medicine.

Budweiser Budvar

Budweiser Budvar (Czech: Budějovický Budvar) is a brand of beer (and a brewery) that is made in the city of České Budějovice in Southern Bohemia, Czech Republic.

In the European Union they sell it under the name Budweiser Budvar but in the United States and Canada they sell it under the name Czechvar.

Song thrush

The song thrush (usually thrush, "Turdus philomelos") is a member of the passerine songbird family Turdidae. It breeds across much of Eurasia. It is also known in English dialects as throstle or mavis. The song thrush has brown upperparts and black-spotted cream or buff underparts, and has three recognised subspecies. Its distinctive song, which has repeated musical phrases, has frequently been referred to in poetry.

The song thrush breeds in forests, gardens and parks, and is partially migratory with many birds wintering in southern Europe, North Africa and the Middle East; it has also been introduced into New Zealand and Australia. Although it is not threatened globally, there have been serious population declines in parts of Europe, probably due to changes in farming practices.

The thrush builds a neat mud-lined cup nest in a bush or tree and lays four or five dark-spotted blue eggs. It is omnivorous and has the habit of using a favourite stone as an "anvil" on which to smash snails. Like other perching birds (passerines), it is affected by external and internal parasites and is vulnerable to predation by cats and birds of prey.

The female song thrush builds a neat cup-shaped nest lined with mud and dry grass in a bush, tree or creeper, or, in the case of the Hebridean subspecies, on the ground. She lays four or five bright glossy blue eggs which are lightly spotted with black or purple. Two or three broods in a year is normal, although only one may be raised in the north of the range. On average, 54.6% of British juveniles survive the first year of life, and the adult annual survival rate is 62.2%. The typical lifespan is three years, but the maximum recorded age is 10 years 8 months.

The thrush is occasionally a host of parasitic cuckoos, but this is rare because the thrush usually recognizes the cuckoo's eggs. However, the thrush does not act with the same aggression towards the adult cuckoo as does the blackbird. The introduced birds in New Zealand, where the cuckoo does not occur, still have the ability to recognise and reject non-mimetic eggs.

The song thrush is omnivorous, eating a wide range of invertebrates, especially earthworms and snails, as well as soft fruit and berries. Like its relative, the blackbird, the thrush finds prey by sight, has a run-and-stop hunting technique on open ground, and will rummage through leaf-litter seeking food.

Snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food. The thrush often uses a favourite stone as an "anvil" on which to smash the snail before extracting the soft body and invariably wiping it on the ground before eating it. Young birds initially flick objects and attempt to play with them until they learn to use anvils as tools to smash snails. The nestlings are mainly fed on animal food such as worms, slugs, snails and insect larvae.

Potassium aluminium sulfate

Potassium aluminium sulfate, or potash alum, or potassium alum, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KAl(SO). It contains potassium, aluminium, and sulfate ions. Crystals of it are transparent, and it is white when made into a powder.

It is a acidic solid at room temperature. It does not have a colour; its crystals are transparent, and its powder is white. It reacts with sodium bicarbonate to make carbon dioxide gas. It exists naturally, and can be found as a mineral.

It is made by reacting aluminium sulfate with potassium sulfate.

It is used to purify water. It is also used in deodorants. It is an antiseptic. It had several uses in the past, such as in dyeing clothes.
Crystals can be grown from a solution of potassium aluminium sulfate.


Ray Adduono

Ray Adduono (born January 21, 1947 in Fort William, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 221 games in the World Hockey Association. He played for the Indianapolis Racers, Cleveland Crusaders, Minnesota Fighting Saints, and San Diego Mariners.

Turmeric

Turmeric ("Curcuma longa") is a spice, widely used in Asian cooking. It is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial plant, in the ginger family, Zingiberaceae.

Turmeric plants are widely grown in tropical areas of India, where over 70,000 acres are cultivated every year. The plant has long leaves, surrounding spikes where small flowers form. However the root, or ‘rhizome’ of the turmeric plant is harvested, in much the same way as ginger. The turmeric rhizome takes about 10 months to grow before it can be harvested; it is then boiled, cleaned and dried in the sun. Most of the harvested turmeric is ground up and sold in jars for use in cooking, however the fresh root turmeric can also be used. 

Turmeric is one of the main ingredients of curry powder, and is used to give it the characteristic yellow color. It is also delicious added to rice dishes, seafood, and mustards and pickles. 
Turmeric is also more widely used as a colorant for textiles and food products. It is sometimes substituted for saffron as it is much less expensive, but produces the same yellow color. Turmeric has also been used as an alternative to medicine and can be made into a drink.

Peter Bakovic

Peter George "Pete" Bakovic (born January 31, 1965 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left wing who played briefly in the National Hockey League in the late 1980s for the Vancouver Canucks.

Bakovic played his junior hockey for the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League but was never drafted. After a strong final year of junior, he was signed as a free agent by the Calgary Flames in 1985. A tough player who fought often, Bakovic spent three seasons playing minor pro in the Flames' system without seeing an NHL game. In two years with the Moncton Golden Flames of the AHL, he lead the team in penalty minutes both years, but also posted good offensive totals, notching 54 and 51 points. In his only year with the Salt Lake Golden Eagles, Bakovic posted 43 points in 39 games along with 221 PIM.

Late in the 1987–88 season, he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks. Vancouver immediately promoted him to their NHL team, and he played 10 games for the Canucks, recording 2 goals and 48 PIM. However, injuries struck the next year and he found himself back in the IHL with the Milwaukee Admirals. Bakovic would play three more seasons in Milwaukee without seeing another NHL game before retiring in 1991.

Following his retirement, Bakovic stayed in Milwaukee and remained with the Admirals organization as an assistant coach until 1998. He continues to live in Milwaukee and coaches high school hockey.

Chrome alum

Chrome alum, also known as chromium potassium sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KCr(SO). It contains chromium, potassium, and sulfate ions. The chromium is in its +3 oxidation state.

It is a dark purple solid. It is normally attached to extra water molecules. It dissolves in water.

It is made by reducing potassium dichromate with sulfur dioxide.

It was used in making leather; now chromium(III) sulfate is used instead. 


Chromium(III) sulfate

Chromium(III) sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Cr(SO). It is a colored compound. It is made by dissolving chromium or chromium(III) oxide in sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reduction of chromates by sulfur dioxide. It turns green when heated. It is used to make leather. Chrome alum was used in the past. It's an irritant.


Gustavo Dudamel

Gustavo Dudamel (born January 26, 1981 in Barquisimeto, Lara, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan conductor and violinist. He became famous as the conductor of the Venezuelan youth orchestra Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar. Today he is the principal conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony in Gothenburg, Sweden, and music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic in Los Angeles, California. Dudamel is also the artistic director of the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar in Caracas, Venezuela.

Dudamel was born in Barquisimeto, Venezuela. His father played the trombone. He studied music when he was quite young, and learned the violin when he was ten. He also studied composition. He became involved with El Sistema, an organization in Venezuela to help children from poorer families to learn musical instruments. He went to the Jacinto Lara Conservatory and then the Latin-American Violin Academy, learning the violin.

He began to study conducting in 1995. In 1999, he became music director of the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar, the national youth orchestra of Venezuela, and toured several countries.

Dudamel won many prizes for conducting. He soon became well-known and conducted the Philharmonia, the Israel Philharmonic, and the Los Angeles Philharmonic. He signed a recording contract with Deutsche Grammophon. He conducted "Don Giovanni" at La Scala, Milan, in November 2006. On September 10, 2007, he conducted the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for the first time at the Lucerne Festival. In March 2008, he first conducted the San Francisco Symphony. 

In 2005, Gustavo Dudamel conducted at the BBC Proms when Neeme Järvi was ill. He became Principal Conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony. He still conducts the Simón Bolívar National Youth Orchestra

Dudamel first conducted in the U.S. with the Los Angeles Philharmonic at the Hollywood Bowl in 2005. In 2009 he became their Musical Director.

On April 16, 2007, Gustavo Dudamel conducted the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra in a concert to celebrate the 80th birthday of Pope Benedict XVI, with Hilary Hahn as solo violinist. The Pope was at the concert.

A documentary film "Tocar y Luchar" was made about Dudamel and El Sistema.

Dudamel is married to Eloísa Maturén, a Venezuelan ballet dancer and journalist.


William James

William James (1842–1910) was an American psychologist and philosopher. He was an original thinker in physiology, psychology and philosophy. His major work was a twelve-hundred page book which gave us such ideas as the "stream of thought". William was the brother of the novelist Henry James.

James was a pragmatist. He defined true beliefs as those that prove useful to the believer. Truth is verifiable (can be tested) when thoughts and statements correspond with actual things, and also "hang together," or cohere, as pieces of a puzzle might fit together. These 'truths' are confirmed by the observed results putting them into practice.

James held a world view in line with pragmatism, declaring that the value of any truth depended on its use to the person who held it. The world is a mosaic of diverse experiences that can only be understood through "radical empiricism". Radical empiricism, not related to the everyday scientific empiricism, asserts that the world and experience can never be halted for an entirely objective analysis. The mind of the observer and simple act of observation will affect the outcome of any empirical approach to truth. The mind, its experiences and nature, cannot be separated. James's emphasis on diversity as the default human condition has kept a strong influence in American culture, especially among liberals. James's description of the mind-world connection, which he described as a "stream of consciousness", had a direct and significant effect on avant-garde and modernist literature and art.

In "What pragmatism means", James writes that the central point of his own doctrine of truth is, in brief, that "Truths emerge from facts, but they dip forward into facts again and add to them; which facts again create or reveal new truth (the word is indifferent) and so on indefinitely. The 'facts' themselves meanwhile are not true. They simply "are"</u/l>. Truth is the function of the beliefs that start and terminate among them".

Headlamp

A headlamp is a light bulb mounted on the front of a machine. Normally it is mounted on a car. It shines forward. It can be turned on and off. It is used to see ahead of the machine so it wouldn't drive into trees or telephone poles. Incandescent bulbs and a variant known as halogen bulbs are the most common types. They are normally bright.


Shawn Horcoff

Shawn Horcoff (born September 17, 1978 in Trail, British Columbia, Canada) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL) and is the captain of the team. He also played for the Dallas Stars and Anaheim Ducks.

Horcoff played college hockey at Michigan State University where he drafted by the Edmonton Oilers in the 1998 NHL Draft.

Brouwer also played in the AHL with the Hamilton Bulldogs and also played in the Swedish Elite League with the "Mora IK" team.

Dan Hamhuis

Daniel Hamhuis (born December 13, 1982 in Smithers, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Nashville Predators, Vancouver Canucks, and Dallas Stars. 

Hamhuis played in the WHL for the Prince George Cougars for 4 seasons and played for the Milwaukee Admirals in the AHL. Hamhuis won a gold medal with Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics.

On August 13, 2020, Hamhuis announced his retirement from the NHL.

V6 engine

A V6 engine, often just called a V6, is an internal combustion engine with six cylinders. The engine has three cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V" shaped angle. In most engines, the two banks are at a right angle (90°) or less to each other. All six pistons turn a common crankshaft. It is the second most common engine design in modern cars after the inline four. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel, natural gas and alcohol.

The V6 is a very compact engine design. It is shorter than the straight-4. Many V6 engines are narrower than the V8 engine. They work well and are well suited to the popular transverse engine front-wheel drive cars. It has largely replaced the inline-6, which is too long to fit in many modern cars. It is more complicated and not as smooth as the inline-6. The V6 is more compact, and more rigid, but also more prone to vibrations. It is also becoming a high performance engine. It has high power and torque output like the classic V8, but has good fuel economy.

Some of the first V6-cars were built in 1905 by the Marmon Motor Car Company.

Delahaye's design-engineer Amadee Varlet came up with a twin-cam V6, that went into series production as the Type 44, in 1911. It was not successful enough to remain in production after 1914, when the first World war interrupted French automobile manufacturing. (Information obtained through Club Delahaye, the recognized global authority and permanent holder of the registered Delahaye trademark).

The first series production V6 was introduced by Lancia in 1950. Other builders soon started using V6 engines. In 1959, General Motors built a heavy-duty 305 in (5 L) 60° V6 for use in their pickup trucks and Chevrolet Suburban. The engine was later enlarged to 478 in (7.8 L) for heavy truck and bus use.

In 1962, the Buick Special offered a 90° V6 with uneven firing intervals. Consumers did not like this engine because of the vibration.

Due to the odd number of cylinders in each bank, V6 designs are unbalanced, whatever V-angle they use. Each bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons. The V6 has an end-to-end rocking motion. Counterweights on the crankshaft and a counter rotating balancer shaft compensate for some of the rocking motion. 

The Lancia V6 in 1950 used a 60° angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft, to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120°. This still has some balance and secondary vibration problems. The first Buick V6 was a 90°, based on their 90° V8. This produced a rough-running design. This was unacceptable to many customers. Later designs have improved the engine and made it reasonably smooth.

The most efficient cylinder bank angle for a V6 is 60 degrees. This makes the smallest size engine and reduces vibration. 60° V6 engines are not as well balanced. Modern design has reduced most of the vibration. 60 degree V6 engines do not need balance shafts. This design works well in larger cars where four-cylinder engines do not have enough power.

Some 90° V6 engines are built. They are usually based on V8 engines. It takes little work to change a V8 into a V6 engine. The problem is these engines are wider and have more vibration than a 60° V6. More modern 90° V6 engine designs avoid vibration problems by changing the crankshaft's design and firing timing. Balancing shafts are often used to remove the remaining vibration. 

120° could be thought of as the "natural" angle for a V6. Each cylinder fires a power stroke every 120° of crankshaft rotation. This allows pairs of pistons to share crank pins (a connection on the crankshaft). Unlike the V8, there is no way to arrange a V6 to balance the piston forces. Because of the odd number of cylinders in each bank, a balance shaft is needed.

The 120° design also creates a very wide engine. It is too wide for most cars. It is often used in race cars. Race cars are designed around the engine, and vibration is not as important.

The flat-6 "boxer" engine (180°) is only slightly wider than the 120° V6, and it is fully balanced.

When the fuel in a cylinder is burned, it pushes the piston down and creates power. This is often referred to as "firing". 

Many early V6 engines were based on V8 engine designs. This made a firing pattern with groups of two cylinders with an "odd-firing" order. This resulting in rough-running engines with unpleasant vibrations at certain engine speeds.

More modern 90° V6 engines avoid this problem. They use a split crank pin where the piston connects to the crankshaft. This makes an even 120° firing pattern. A 'split' crank pin is weaker than a straight one. Modern metallurgical techniques can produce a crankshaft that is strong enough to not break.

The V6 engine was introduced into racing by Lancia in the early 1950s. They had some good results. Then Ferrari built the Dino V6. Alfredo Ferrari, the son of Enzo Ferrari, was nicknamed Dino. He suggested building a 1.5 litre V6 engine for Formula Two racing. The Dino V6 was updated several times, and increased to a 2.4 litre engine. The Dino V6 was used in the Ferrari 246 Formula One car in 1958.

Laverda showed a 996 cc V6-engined motorcycle at the 1977 Milan show. The motorcycle was raced in the 1978 Bol d'Or 24 hour race.



Valtteri Filppula

Valtteri Filppula (born March 20, 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey centre and left winger. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played in the NHL for the Detroit Red Wings and for Jokerit of the SM-liiga. His brother Ilari Filppula plays hockey for HC CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Filppula played two seasons with Jokerit of the SM-liiga. He was drafted with the 95th overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Filppula won the Stanley Cup with the Detroit Red Wings in 2008 when they beat the Pittsburgh Penguins 4 games to 2.

On July 5, 2013, he signed a five-year, $25 million contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Filppula won a bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics with team Finland.


Foolad F.C.

Foolad Khuzestan Football Club is an Iranian football club, based in Ahvaz, Khuzestan. 

The table below chronicles the achievements of Foolad in various competitions since 1997.
<br>
<br>


Rah Ahan F.C.

Rah Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shahr-e-Rey. They currently play in the IPL.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Rah Ahan every season, from 2002 to the present day.

Saba Qom F.C.

Saba Qom F.C or Saba Qom Football Club () is a football team based in Qom, Iran.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Saba Battery every season, from 2002 to the present day.


Sepahan S.C.

Sepahan Esfahan is an Iranian football club based in Isfahan, Iran. Sepahan is the last champion of the IPL in 2009-10 season.




Top Goal Scorer in the Iranian Premier League

The following list of clubs are affiliated with Sepahan:

Mes Kerman F.C.

Sanat Mes Kerman Football Club () is an Iranian football team based in Kerman, Iran. The team is named after and sponsored by Kerman's copper industries.

as of August 27, 2010

Cam Neely

Cameron Michael Neely (born June 6, 1965 in Comox, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played for the Vancouver Canucks for 3 seasons and the Boston Bruins for 10 seasons. Neely was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2005. He was named President of the Boston Bruins on June 16, 2010. His jersey number #8 was retired by the Boston Bruins.

Neely joined the 50 goals in 50 games club when he scored 50 goals in 44 games in 1993–94.

Both of Neely's parents died of cancer. He set up the "Cam Neely Foundation". He helps cancer patients live at the "Neely House" while having cancer treatments.

Notochord

The notochord is a flexible, rod-shaped body found in embryos of all chordates. It forms the axis of the embryo. In some chordates, it persists throughout life as the main support down the length of the body. In most vertebrates it is replaced by the vertebral column. The notochord is found ventral (underneath) the neural tube (future spinal cord). 

Notochords were the first "backbones" in chordates. Notochords were advantageous to primitive fish-ancestors: they were a rigid structure for muscle attachment, but flexible enough to allow movement. Embryos of vertebrates have notochords, and develop the vertebral column later. 

Hurricane Diana

Hurricane Diana struck Mexico in August of 1990 Atlantic hurricane season. Although the hurricane had winds speeding at only 100 miles an hour, the storm still killed more than 130 people. This hurricane also caused more than $100 million in damage (1990 USD). The name Diana was later retired in Spring of 1991 and then replaced by Dolly.


Hurricane Erin (1995)

Hurricane Erin struck Florida twice: the eastern side and the Panhandle Region in the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm also struck Alabama. It was not a very severe storm, though the damage caused by Erin was over $700 million. Despite the damage, the name Erin did not get retired.

Tropical Storm Alberto (1994)

Tropical Storm Alberto was a catastrophic storm in the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season. The cyclone was responsible for between 22 and 38 deaths and between $500 million and $1 billion in destruction (1994 USD). The storm struck Northwest Florida, southwest Georgia and Alabama. In spite of the destruction, the name "Alberto" was not retired.

Menai Strait

The Menai Strait (, the "River Menai") is a narrow stretch of water which separates the island of Anglesey from the mainland of Wales. It is in the northwest corner of Wales. The straight is about 25km long. The water is not very deep. There are two bridges over the strait. The A5 road (which goes all the way to central London), goes across by the Menai Suspension Bridge. There is also the Britannia Tubular Bridge. 

Zob Ahan Isfahan FC

Zob Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Esfahan, Iran.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Zob Ahan since 1973.

<br>
<br>

Paykan F.C.

Paykan Football Club , is a football team based in Qazvin, Iran. 

List of Team Umizoomi episodes

This is a list of Nick Jr.'s original series, "Team Umizoomi" episodes. "Team Umizoomi" is an animated mystery fantasy musical series with a focus on preschool mathematics. It has been made available on iTunes. It first broadcast on January 25, 2010 to the final broadcast on April 24, 2015.

The episode list is in broadcast order.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

Hamish MacCunn

Hamish MacCunn (22 March 1868 – 2 August 1916), was a Scottish composer and conductor who lived in the later part of the romantic period.

He was born in Greenock. His father was a shipowner. He soon showed a great talent for music. In 1883 he got a scholarship to study at the Royal College of Music, which had only just been founded. His teachers there included Sir Hubert Parry and Sir Charles Villiers Stanford.
MacCunn became a professor of harmony at the Royal Academy of Music from 1888-1894. He also taught at the Guildhall School of Music.

MacCunn composed several orchestral works as well as operas, but he had to spend more and more time conducting in order to earn money. For a time he conducted the Carl Rosa Opera Company. He conducted Wagner’s opera "Siegfried " and the first performance in English " of "Tristan and Isolde".

In 1887 he conducted his overture "The Land of the Mountain and the Flood" at the Crystal Palace. This was a very successful piece, and it remains the only composition of his which is still often performed. The music has a Scottish feeling and sounds quite similar to the music of Mendelssohn. Although he composed other pieces which were similar in mood, none of them were as successful as this one.

In 1888, he married Alison Pettie, daughter of the painter John Pettie who had painted MacCunn's portrait several times. They had one son. John Pettie liked music and helped MacCunn in his career by organizing concerts of his music.

He died aged only 48.



List of herbs

This is a list of herbs.

The Yogi Bear Show

Yogi Bear is a kids' TV show made by Hanna-Barbera in the early 1960s.



REN21

REN21, the Renewable Energy Policy Network for the 21st Century, is an organization which provides a forum for international leadership in renewable energy policy, in order to promote the rapid growth of renewable energy technologies in developing countries and industrialised economies.

The network was launched in June 2005 as a result of discussion held the previous year at the International Conference for Renewable Energies in Bonn, Germany. Its secretariat operates from offices in Paris, France, and is provided by the United Nations Environment Programme and the "Deutsche Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit" (German Technical Cooperation), in collaboration with the International Energy Agency. 

REN21 has produced a number of internationally recognised reports on renewable energy policy and the development of the renewables marketplace. Since 2005 REN21 has produced an annual "Renewables Global Status Report", with Eric Martinot and Janet Sawin as lead authors.

Transverse engine

A transverse engine is an engine mounted in a vehicle so that the engine's crankshaft is at a right angle (90°) to the vehicle. Many modern front wheel drive vehicles use a transverse engine mounting design. The majority of rear wheel drive vehicles use a longitudinal engine design, where the engine's crankshaft axis is parallel to the vehicle.

The first car known to use such an arrangement was a 1911 front-wheel drive car. It had a clutch at each end of the engine, driving the front wheels directly. The first successful transverse-engine cars were the two-cylinder DKW "Front" series of cars. These first appeared in 1931. After the World War II, SAAB used the configuration in their first model, the Saab 92, in 1947.

Engines may be placed in two main positions within the motor car:

Longitudinal engine

A longitudinal engine is an engine mounted in a vehicle so that the engine's crankshaft is parallel with the vehicle, front to back. The majority of rear wheel drive vehicles use a longitudinal engine design. where the engine's crankshaft axis is parallel to the vehicle. Many modern front wheel drive vehicles use a transverse engine mounting design. 

Engines may be placed in three main positions within the car:

Stawki (Toruń)

Stawki is a district of Toruń.



Orange County, Florida

Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed in 1824 when it was originally called "Mosquito County". As of 2020, 1,429,908 people lived there. Its county seat is Orlando.

Monroe County, Florida

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on July 3, 1823. As of 2020, the population is 82,874. Its county seat is Key West.

Monroe County includes a part of the Florida mainland, and many small islands called the Florida Keys. Almost nobody lives in the mainland of the county. It is all wetland, part of the Everglades. Nearly everybody in the county lives on the islands.

Indian River County, Florida

Indian River County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on May 30, 1925. As of 2020, 159,788 people lived there. Its county seat is Vero Beach.

Gilchrist County, Florida

Gilchrist County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 4, 1925. As of 2020, 17,864 people lived there. Its county seat is Trenton.

Santa Rosa County, Florida

Santa Rosa County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on February 18, 1842. As of 2020, 188,000 people lived there. Its county seat is Milton.

Escambia County, Florida

Escambia County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on July 21, 1821. As of 2020, 321,905 people lived there. Escambia County's seat is Pensacola.


Kauai County, Hawaii

Kauai County is a county in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It was formed in 1905. As of 2020, 73,298 people live there. It's county seat is Lihue.

Dimethylmercury

Dimethylmercury, sometimes called dimethyl mercury, is a chemical compound. It contains methyl and mercury ions. Its chemical formula is (CH)Hg. 

It is a colorless liquid. It evaporates very fast. It is a very strong toxin to the nervous system. It doesn't react with water like other similar chemicals. It contains mercury in its +2 oxidation state. It can react with mercury(II) chloride to make a crystalline chemical compound.

It is made by reacting a sodium amalgam with methyl iodide. 

It has almost no uses. It is rarely used to test instruments that are used to detect mercury.

It is extremely toxic. If just a drip gets placed on human skin, it will poison the person. It gets into the brain easily when it goes through the skin. The poisoning does not happen quickly, though. It sometimes can take months before the poisoning effects show.


Ken Watanabe

On February 9, 2016, it was revealed Watanabe, a leukemia survivor, had been diagnosed with stomach cancer.

Methyl

Methyl is an ion. It is made by removing one of the hydrogen atoms from an atom of methane. It is an organic ion. Its chemical formula is CH. It bonds with other ions, such as hydroxide, to make chemical compounds. The bonding with hydroxide makes methanol. If it bonds with mercury, it makes dimethylmercury.

Methyl groups added to cytosine are the basis of epigenetics. They change the way genes act, and so explain how (for example) identical twins may turn out differently later in life. Or, they help understand how a mother's nutrition may have long-lasting effects on her offspring.


Inception

Inception is a 2010 British-American science fiction action heist movie written and directed by Christopher Nolan, who also produced the movie with his wife, Emma Thomas. The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets. He is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious. The ensemble cast includes Ken Watanabe, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion Cotillard, Elliot Page, Tom Hardy, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, and Michael Caine.

The idea behind "Inception" was first developed over nine years before it was released. But, there is also another anime film just like it called Paprika (2006 film). After the 2002 completion of "Insomnia", Nolan wrote an 80-page treatment for a horror movie envisioning "dream-stealers", presenting the idea to Warner Bros. based on ideas of lucid dreaming and dream incubation. 
Deciding he needed more experience before tackling a production of this magnitude and complexity, Nolan shelved the project and instead worked on 2005's "Batman Begins", 2006's "The Prestige", and "The Dark Knight" in 2008. He spent six months polishing up the script for "Inception" before Warner Bros. purchased it in February 2009. Filming spanned in six countries, beginning in Tokyo on June 19 and finishing in Canada in November 22. It was officially budgeted at $160 million, a cost which was shared between Warner Bros. and Legendary. Nolan's success with "The Dark Knight" helped gain the movie $100 million to spend on advertising.

"Inception" was first screened in London on July 8, 2010 and was shown in standard and IMAX theatres on July 16, 2010. "Inception" grossed over $828 million worldwide, becoming the fourth-highest-grossing movie of 2010. Considered one of the best movies of the 2010s, "Inception" received critical praise for its screenplay, direction, themes, action sequences, visual effects, musical score, and ensemble cast. It won four Academy Awards (Best Cinematography, Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects) and was nominated for four more: Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Art Direction, and Best Original Score.

Methyl iodide

Methyl iodide is a chemical compound. It is made of methyl and iodide ions. Its chemical formula is CHI.

It is a liquid that evaporates easily. When it is exposed to light, it turns purple because of iodine. This can be stopped by keeping it with copper. It breaks down when heated to make carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and hydrogen iodide. 

It is made by reacting iodine, red phosphorus, and methanol all at the same time. Phosphorus(III) iodide is formed during the reaction. Another way to make it is to react methanol with potassium iodide and some sulfuric acid. 

It is used to add methyl to some organic compounds. It can also be used as a pesticide. It is used to make dimethylmercury and other chemicals.

It causes nausea and dizziness when breathed. It can cause burns when put on skin.


Phosphorus(III) iodide

Phosphorus(III) iodide, also known as phosphorus triiodide, is a chemical compound. It is made of phosphorus and iodide ions. It contains phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is PI.

It is a red solid. It is very unstable and a powerful reducing agent. It reacts violently with water. The reaction with water makes phosphorous acid and hydrogen iodide. It is used in making chemicals. Some think that it is too unstable to be stored, but it can be stored and can be bought. 

Phosphorus(III) iodide is made by reacting iodine with white phosphorus dissolved in carbon disulfide. It is dissolved in carbon disulfide because it does not dissolve in water. It can also be made by reacting phosphorus(III) chloride with hydrogen iodide or some other iodide.

It reacts with alcohols such as methanol to make "alkyl iodides" such as methyl iodide. Many times phosphorus(III) iodide is made in the reaction. The alkyl iodides are used in many chemical reactions.


Carbon disulfide

Carbon disulfide, also known as carbon bisulfide, is a chemical compound. It consists of carbon and sulfide ions. It contains carbon in its +4 oxidation state and sulfur in its -2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CS.

It is similar to carbon dioxide, although much more reactive. Sulfide is a much more powerful reducing agent than oxide. It burns very easily and catches fire at 90°C. It smells sweet but is often contaminated other chemicals that smell bad. 

It used to be made by reacting carbon and sulfur at a very high temperature. Now it is made by "burning" methane in sulfur (instead of oxygen). It is much harder to burn methane in sulfur. The waste product (carbon disulfide) is also much more reactive than carbon dioxide, the normal waste product.

It is used to make carbon tetrachloride. It is also used in making organic chemicals. It is used to dissolve things like phosphorus and iodine and to kill insects. 

Carbon disulfide is very flammable and is also toxic in large amounts when breathed in.


Nick Jr. (block)

Nick Jr. (sometimes disambiguated as Nick Jr. on Nickelodeon or Nick Jr. on Nick) is a programming block that aired on Nickelodeon from January 4, 1988.

Donovan Patton

Donovan Patton (born March 1, 1978) is an American host, actor, voice actor, and singer. Patton graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy and acted in Shakespeare plays such as "Much Ado About Nothing" and "Romeo and Juliet" before he replaced Steve Burns as Joe, the second host of Nickelodeon's children's television program "Blue's Clues" in 2002. Series co-creator Angela Santomero stated that Patton brought Joe, his character, closer to the preschool viewer, as Joe was more willing to "jump into a problem rather than figure it out first like Steve". After "Blue's Clues" ended Patton voiced Bot on Nickelodeon's "Team Umizoomi", for his work on children's television series, Patton has been described as a "household name" and an "unqualified star to the 5-and-under set and their parents".

Although most of his career has been in children's television, Patton has also appeared in independent films, such as "Awake" and "Lies I Told My Little Sister", and in television shows.

He also appeared in video games, such as "Grand Theft Auto V", "Lego Jurassic World", "" and "".

Donovan Patton graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy in northwest Michigan. His first acting roles were in Shakespeare plays such as "Much Ado About Nothing" and "Romeo and Juliet".

Patton's "big break" came in 2002, when he was cast to replace Steve Burns as Joe, the second host of the Nickelodeon children's television program "Blue's Clues". He was up for a part in "" at the time, but considered the role as Joe "a happy accident". Patton became a "household name" and has been called "an unqualified star to the 5-and-under set and their parents". He was subjected to "the same kind of scrutiny" as Burns, who was involved in Patton's selection and helped train him, to earn the role. Patton was selected out of 1,500 auditions. He had never seen the show before his audition, but like Burns was the favorite with preschool test audiences. He said, "I am convinced that I got that part because of a Christopher Walken impression I sometimes do. There's a tape out there, somewhere, with both Steve Burns and myself doing a "Blue's Clues" scene both as Christopher Walken, which we did at the screen test. I haven't seen the tape, but I know somewhere it still exists". Beginning in September 2000, Burns trained Patton to take over the host spot and advised him not to "think of [the show] as children's TV", but rather as "acting and telling the truth".

According to Traci Paige Johnson, one of the producers and creators of "Blue's Clues", Patton's character was more like a preschooler and more innocent than Steve. Angela Santomero, another producer and creator, stated that Patton's characterization as Joe brought him closer to the preschool viewer as Joe was more willing to "jump into a problem rather than figure it out first like Steve". Patton liked working on "Blue's Clues" because, as he stated, "I got to go be a kid for twelve hours a day". He called the show's crew "a real fun little family" and a "well-oiled machine" by the time he joined the show. Patton remained on the show for 50 episodes, until it ended its run in 2006, and also appeared in its spin-off, "Blue's Room", which premiered in 2004. Several years later, Patton said he had not yet grasped the enormity of replacing Burns, even after he became a parent and witnessed the show's effect on his own children. He admitted that he preferred when his two-year-old daughter watched the Steve episodes.

In 2012, Patton appeared in the short films "Awake" and "Pharmboy", the latter of which was directed by his longtime friend Lawrence Feeney. Mark Finguerra, the director of "Awake", was able to look past the potential typecasting of Patton's role in "Blue's Clues" to cast him in a darker role. Patton had impressed him in an audition for an earlier feature film. Finguerra called Patton a "complete professional [and a] tremendous actor", and enjoyable on set. He appeared in the soap opera "One Life to Live", in which he played, in a departure of his previous roles, "a very angry man". In 2014, he appeared in a small movie shot mostly in New Jersey, entitled "Lies I Told My Little Sister", directed by William Stribling and starring Lucy Walters.

Patton called his career, with its mixture of children's television and darker roles in independent films, "an odd experience" and told a reporter that he had spent half his life at Nickelodeon. In 2009, he was cast as Bot, the robot superhero, on the children's show "Team Umizoomi" through the relationships he had made at Nickelodeon on "Blue's Clues". He found working on "Team Umizoomi" "comforting" because many of the same crew, producers, and creators had also worked on "Blue's Clues". It was the first time he had worked as a voice-over artist, unlike on "Blue's Clues", when he was able to be more physical acting in front of a blue screen. He said, about "Team Umizoomi", "the work the animators have done on it has been superlative". He stated that he enjoyed working on "Team Umizoomi" because it gave him the opportunity to participate in a show from its inception, which he had missed with "Blue's Clues". Patton said his voice performance of Bot, which he modeled on Brent Spiner's performance as the android Data on "" and was influenced by Mel Blanc's work in the classic Warner Bros. cartoons, "ended up sounding more like my natural voice, with a teeny bit of superhero in there". Despite both roles in "Blue's Clues" and "Team Umizoomi" requiring him to sing, he did not consider himself a natural singer and felt that he had to work hard at it. He said, about being cast as Bot, "I get to be a superhero. Who doesn't want to be a superhero"?.

Patton is married and has two children. He is active in several charities in the New York City area, including Literacy Inc., the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, a large children's hospital.

Gilded Age

The Gilded Age is a time in the in history of the USA. It lasted from the end of the American Civil War, and up to the late 19th century. It corresponds to the latter part of the British Victorian era. 

The name Gilded Age was first used by writer Mark Twain in "" (1873). The time saw rapid progress in technology and railroad expansions and industrialization. Immigrants came in the millions. The intense political partisanship of the day included disputes over currency, tariffs, political corruption and patronage, railroads and business trusts.


Chemiluminescence

Chemiluminescence (or Chemoluminescence) is a kind of luminescence. It is a process of making light from a chemical reaction. Chemiluminescence in biological systems is called bioluminescence. 

The light made in chemiluminiscence is not directly related to heat. A simple two step example of a reaction of A, and B, that produces; C, D, and light.
C is an excited state of C. 

This reaction is simpler than most chemiluminesence reactions. The excited state happens when electrons are pushed into a higher orbit by the energy of a chemical reaction. The excited state is less stable than the ground state. The electrons in the excited state fall to the ground state (lower energy), emitting light. 

The amount of measurable light made is called "radiant intensity": I (photons emitted per second). 

The device needed to measure the light made is simple. It needs something to hold the sample, and a photomultiplier tube. There are three ways for this to be used in chemical measurements. 

The method measures small amounts of atmospheric pollutants. A common method measures the amount of nitrogen monoxide by reacting it with ozone. The light made has a wavelength range of 600 to 2800 nm.

Luminol is the most well known type of compound used for chemiluminescence in liquids. 

Ca(calcium) inside of different parts of cells like the mitochondria can make light when it reacts with a protein from jellyfish named aequorin. Nitric oxide(NO) is in cells and is a way for cells to talk to each other, this can be measured with the compound luminol. 



Thilo Sarrazin

Thilo Sarrazin (born 12 February 1945) is a German economist and former politician of the SPD. In 2000 and 2001, Sarrazin worked for the "Deutsche Bahn". In 2002, he became the senator for finance in the German state of Berlin. In May 2009, he has become a member of the executive board of the "Deutsche Bundesbank".

Sarrazin published the book "Deutschland schafft sich ab" ("Germany Abolishes Itself") with controversial comments about the German immigration system. The book was published on 30 August 2010. His book led the executive board members of the Bundesbank to ask to dismiss Thilo Sarrazin from his office. This must be done by the German "Bundespräsident" Christian Wulff. After an agreement with the "German Bundesbank", Thilo Sarrazin will leave his post at the end of September.

Sarrazin is also known for statements such as the following:

Sarrazin was born in Gera, Germany. His father was a doctor and the mother a daughter of a West Prussian landowner. His paternal family, a French Huguenot family, is originally from Burgundy. His grandmother was English-Italian. He has explained that his name means Saracen (i.e. Muslim) and is common in Southern France. It comes from the Arab pirates that were called “Saracens” in the Middle Ages. His mother has a Polish origin. He has referred to himself as "a European mongrel".

He grew up in Recklinghausen. At age seven, he went to an orphanage in Bavaria. He graduated from the local gymnasium and then served in the military from 1967 to 1971. Then, he studied Economics at the University of Bonn, earning his doctorate. From November 1973 to December 1974 he worked for the Friedrich Ebert Foundation and became active in the SPD.

In 1975 Sarrazin started to work in the Federal Ministry of Finance. Until 1981 he served as Head of Unit in the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs. In 1981, he returned to the Federal Ministry of Finance. In October 1981, he started to work as bureau chief and was a close collaborator of Federal Finance Minister Hans Matthöfer and his successor Manfred Lahnstein. Even after the end of the socialist-liberal coalition in October 1982, Sarrazin remained in the Finance Ministry. There he was director of several units, including (from 1989 to 1990) the "Innerdeutsche Beziehungen", which the German monetary, economic and social union prepared. During his time as Head of the Federal Ministry of Finance, he was partly responsible for German railways.

From 1990 to 1991, Sarrazin worked for the Treuhand. Then he was up to 1997 State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance in Rhineland-Palatinate.

Sarrazin is married to Ursula Sarrazin ("née" Breit) and has two sons.

The Turn of the Screw (opera)

The Turn of the Screw is an opera by Benjamin Britten. It is a chamber opera (an opera for a small number of characters and very small orchestra). The story is based on a story with the same title by Henry James. The libretto (the words of the opera) were written by Myfanwy Piper. The story of the opera is almost exactly the same as in Henry James’s book. Britten was asked by the Venice Biennale to write the opera. It was first performed on 14 September, 1954, at the Teatro La Fenice, Venice. Its first performance in Britain took place a month later on 6 October 1954 at Sadler’s Wells Opera in London.

The opera is divided into two acts. It is further divided into a prologue and sixteen scenes. Before each scene starts we hear a variation on the 'Screw' theme. This theme is based on twelve notes which are all the 12 notes in the octave. This is called twelve-tone row, but it is tonally based (the music is in traditional keys, unlike the music of Schoenberg). There are only 13 players in the orchestra.

The prologue is just for a solo singer (tenor) and piano. He tells us about a young governess he once knew who looked after two children at Bly House. The children’s parents were dead, and they were supposed to be cared for by their uncle. The uncle, who lived in London, was far too busy to care for them, and he hired a governess for them. He told the governess (who is just called “the governess” in the opera) that she must never write to him about the children. She must make any decisions about them herself. She must never ask him about the history of Bly House, and she must always continue to care for the children.

The Governess wonders what the children will be like. The children wonder what their new governess will be like. When the Governess arrives at Bly House she is greeted by the housekeeper, Mrs. Grose, and the children who (bow and curtsey). She thinks that the boy, Miles, looks strangely familiar. Miles goes to a boarding school, but he has come home for the holidays. A letter from his school arrives saying that he has been expelled because he had been threatening other children. The Governess is sure that Miles, like his sister Flora, is too kind and innocent to have done such terrible things. Mrs Grose also thinks the same thing. The Governess decides not to take any notice of the letter.

The Governess sings about her wonderful position at the house and the beautiful children she has in her care. But at night she hears strange footsteps and a cry outside her door. Suddenly, she sees a pale-faced man sitting on a tower of the house. When the man disappears, she becomes frightened and wonders if she has seen a ghost. But then she is comforted when she hears the children singing the nursery rhyme "Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son". The Governess doubts that she saw anything, but decides to tell Mrs. Grose. The housekeeper tells the Governess about Peter Quint, who used to be a servant at Bly House. What Mrs. Grose says seems to suggest that Quint had done nasty things to Miles. At that time Miles had a governess called Miss Jessel. Mrs. Grose suggests that Quint had a sexual relationship with Miss Jessell, and that they both had sexual relations with the children. The housekeeper said she could do nothing about it, as Quint cleverly found any letters that came for her and he threatened her with physical harm. But when Miss Jessel became pregnant and people found out how bad she was, she abandoned the children and ran away. Soon afterwards she died. Shortly after that Quint died a mysterious death on an icy road near Bly House.

The next morning, the Governess is teaching Miles Latin when he goes into a trance-like state and sings a song which shows that Quint had abused him.

Later that day, the Governess sits by the side of a lake with Flora. Flora names the seas of the world, finishing with the Dead Sea. Flora compares the Dead Sea (where nothing can live) to Bly House. This worries the Governess. As Flora plays on the shore with her doll, the Governess suddenly sees a strange woman across the lake who seems to be watching Flora. It is the ghost of Miss Jessel, who has returned to get Flora. The Governess hurries Flora home to safety.

That night, Miles and Flora slip out into the woods to meet Miss Jessel and Peter Quint. The children fantasize about a world where dreams come true. The Governess and Mrs. Grose arrive as the children are about to be possessed, and the spirits depart. Miles sings a song about how he has been a bad boy.

The ghosts of Peter Quint and Miss Jessel reappear. They argue about who harmed whom first when they were alive, and accuse one another of not acting quickly enough to possess the children. In her room, the Governess worries about the evil she feels in the house.

The next morning, the family goes to church. The children sing a song which sounds like a song praising God. Mrs. Grose does not realize the meaning of the song until the Governess tells her they are singing about horrors. The Governess runs off and goes to her room. She can feel the presence of Miss Jessel and sees her sitting at her desk. The Governess now knows that she cannot abandon the children. She writes to the children’s uncles saying that she must see him.

When the Governess asks Miles what happened at school Quint’s voice is heard. Miles shrieks and the candle goes out. Miles is tempted by Quint to pick up the letter. He steals it and rushes off. Miles distracts the grown-up’s attention by playing the piano, so they do not notice Flora going off to the lake. Mrs Grose and the Governess find Flora by the lake. The Governess tries to make Flora say that she can see Mrs Jessel, but she shouts that she can’t see anybody. Mrs Grose takes her home.

In the last scene Flora has become mad. Mrs Grose tells the Governess that her letter to the uncle must have been stolen. She asks Miles whether he stole it. He denies it, but all the time he can see Peter Quint who is telling him he must not tell them the truth about him. In the end Miles screams: “Peter Quint! You devil!” and then dies. The Governess is left holding the dead boy in her arms.

The instruments used in the orchestra are: 2 violins, viola, cello, double bass, flute/alto flute/piccolo, clarinet/bass clarinet, harp, oboe/cor anglais, piano, celesta and percussion.


Demonic possession

Demonic possession is a term used to describe a situation when a demon (a devil) controls a human being. In many cultures and religions people often used to believe that a devil could enter the body of a person and control them. They often thought this was happening when a person seemed to be mad, or when they had a fit, or when they fainted. 


PAS Hamedan F.C.

PAS Hamedan Football Club () is an Iranian football club based in Hamedan, Iran.

Malavan F.C.

Malavan Bandar Anzali Football Club () is an Iranian football club based in Bandar-e Anzali, Iran.







Cosworth

Cosworth is a high performance engineering company. It was founded in London in 1958. It builds engines and electronics for automobile racing, mainstream automotive and defence industries. Cosworth is based in Northampton, England. It has North American facilities in Torrance, California; Indianapolis, Indiana; and Mooresville, North Carolina. It also has a facility in Pune, India.

Cosworth has had a long and well respected career in Formula One, beginning in 1963. Cosworth stepped away from Formula One for three years when no team decided to use their engines for . Cosworth returned to F1 in , suppling engines to Williams, HRT, Lotus, and Virgin. The first Formula One engines shipped in January. Cosworth's 176 wins make it the second most successful engine manufacturers in F1, after Ferrari.

The company was founded as a British racing internal combustion engine maker in 1958 by Mike Costin and Keith Duckworth (1933-2005) The name Cosworth came by combining their last names. (COStin and duckWORTH). Even thought it was an independent company, it was supported by the Ford Motor Company for many years. Most of the Cosworth engines were named Ford engines.

The company went through a several ownership changes. The business was growing. Keith Duckworth did not want to run the day-to-day business.

Cosworth was sold to United Engineering Industries (UEI) in 1980. Duckworth remained as president for life, and technical involvement with Cosworth. He became a UEI board director. UEI was a group of small to medium-sized technology companies.

UEI was taken over by Carlton Communications in 1988. Carlton wanted some of the audio-visual companies that were part of UEI. Cosworth was a poor fit, so Carlton sold the Cosworth part off.

In 1990, Cosworth was sold to Vickers, a British engineering company.

In 1998, Cosworth was sold to Audi, which is a part of Volkswagen. Hours later, Audi sold the Cosworth Racing division to Ford.

In September, 2004 Ford announced that it was selling Cosworth, along with Cosworth Racing Ltd and its Jaguar Formula One team. On 15 November 2004, the sale of Cosworth was completed to Champ Car World Series owners Gerald Forsythe and Kevin Kalkhoven They are the current owners of the Cosworth Group.

The road car engine division of Cosworth was renamed Cosworth Technology. It was sold to MAHLE in 2005. Cosworth Technology was then renamed as MAHLE Powertrain on 1 July 2005.

Cosworth has had a long relationship with the Ford Motor Company. This started when Cosworth started building racing engines in 1959. These engines were modified versions of the Inline-four Ford Kent engine for Formula Junior. Cosworth built a engine for the Lotus 7. and engines were built use in Formula B, sports car racing, and the Lotus Cortina. The final version of the Cosworth-Kent, in 1965, was the MAE. It was used in Formula 3 when engines were allowed. This was the dominate engine.

The Cortina engine was also the basis for the FVA, a Formula Two engine introduced in 1966. This engine featured dual overhead camshafts with 16 valves. It produced at least at 9000 rpm. This engine dominated the category until 1971. It was also used in sports car racing as the FVC. The FVA was part of the same Ford contract that gave rise to the DFV.

A larger engine was built for endurance racing in the mid 1970s. The FVC displaced . The FVC produced only .

In 1966, Colin Chapman of Lotus Cars was the founder and principal of Team Lotus. He got Ford to finance Keith Duckworth's design for a new lightweight 3.0 litre Formula One engine. Cosworth received the order along with £100,000 from Ford. The contract told Duckworth to build a four-cylinder Ford-based F2 engine to prove it would work (see the FVA above). After that, a pure Cosworth V8 would be built. The DFV design used a similar cylinder head to the one on the FVA engine with custom cylinder block and crankcase. This created the legendary DFV - literally meaning "Double Four Valve". This engine, and its version were used for a quarter of a century. It was the most successful engine in the history of Formula One / Grand Prix motor racing. With 167 winning races it put Cosworth Engineering on the map. Although designed for Formula One, the engine has been modified for use in many other areas.

The DFV won on its first outing, at the 1967 Dutch Grand Prix. Jim Clark drove a Lotus 49 with the DFV engine. Starting in 1968, any F1 team could purchase the engine. During the 1970s, it was common for almost the entire field to use one of the DFV engines. Ferrari never used a Cosworth engine. Most teams just built a car around a Cosworth DFV and a Hewland gearbox. It won a record 155 World Championship races. The last was the Detroit Grand Prix in 1983 in a Tyrrell driven by Michele Alboreto.

The DFV with 410 horsepower did not produce as much power as some of its rival 12-cylinder engines. It was lighter, resulting in a better power to weight ratio. It was also a structural part of the car.

The DFY, introduced in 1982 was upgrade of the DFV for Formula One with 520 horsepower. While it produced more power, it no match for the turbocharged cars of the day. It was the advent of turbocharged engines which ended the use of the DFY. In 1986 Cosworth returned to the lower levels of racing. They modified the DFV for the newly created Formula 3000. The DFV remained in F3000 until 1992.

In Formula One, a new DFV-based design was introduced for the new rules in . 3.5 litre normally-aspirated (non-turbocharded) engines were allowed. In 1988 Cosworth built the DFR, which was used in F1 by the smaller teams until 1991. It scored its last points in 1990.

The DFV is still being used in Classic F1 racing. The FIA given them World Championship status in 2004.

One of the most successful and longest-lived projects of Cosworth has been its CART / Champ Car engine program. In 1975, Cosworth developed the DFX engine. A turbocharged 2.65 litre engine, the DFX became the standard engine to run in IndyCar racing. It ending the reign of the Offenhauser, and maintaining that position until the late 1980s.

While designed as an F1 engine, the DFV was also used as in endurance racing. Its design led to vibrations putting stress on devices surrounding the engine. It was hard on the exhaust system. The first sports car to use a DFV failed to finish a single race because of repeated breakdowns. The DFV did win the 24 hours of Le Mans twice in its original 3.0 litre form. A special endurance version, the DFL, was then developed. The 3.3 litre was reliable. The 4.0 litre was largely remembered as a failure.

A variant of the Ford Essex engine was developed for the Ford Capris. The Capris were raced in Group 2 in the early 1970s. This engine had a displacement of 3.4 L. The GA was also used in the last few years of Formula 5000 in Europe.

The FBA and FBC engines were found in the Ford Granada and Ford Scorpio Ultima. The FBA came first in 1991, and was also known as the 'BOA'. It was based on the Ford Cologne V6. It was a twin overhead camshaft with 24 valves, and produced 192 horsepower. In 1995, it was updated to produce 201 horsepower. This engine was known as the 'BOB'.

A racing version was also available for a short time. The FBE had individual throttle butterflies for each cylinder. The FBB and FBD engines were developed but never released.

Cosworth increased its work with Ford in 1969. Cosworth developed a double overhead camshaft (DOHC) 16-valve inline four cylinder engine for road use in the European Ford Escort. Working from the Kent block, Cosworth created a 1.6 Litre engine for homologation (standarding) purposes. The camshafts were driven by a toothed timing belt. The name BDA, came from "Belt Drive, A type". Running in Group 2 and Group 4 on either rallying or touring car racing, this engine could be enlarged to 2.0 litres. The standard 1.6 L engine could be used in cars competing overall wins, not just first in class.

In 1970, the BDC version received fuel injection. In 1972, the 1.8 L BDA series was being used in Formula 2. In 1973, it went to 1.98 L as the BDG engine. The BDG also had an aluminum engine block.

Other versions of the engine were made for Formula Atlantic in 1970, and SCCA club racing and sports car racing. A 1.7 L BDR version was built in the 1980s. A 1.8 L BDT was built for the Escort RS1700T and the Ford RS2000.

A 2.14 L version was developed by Brian Hart just as Group B was canceled by the FIA. The Hart 420R owes much to the BDA series. It is basically an aluminum block version with similar cylinder heads.

In 1970, Ford asked Weslake and Co to build the BDA Engine for them, and by the end of 1970 the production line had been installed at Rye and production was under way.

The YB series of 2.0 L engines are based on the older Pinto engine block. They were introduced in the road-going Ford Sierra RS Cosworth in 1986 with 201 horsepower. Racing versions could develop about 400 horsepower. A limited edition version was introduced in 1987. The RS500 could produce 550 horsepower in full racing setup.

The YB series engine was replace in 1997, with the Zetec engine design.

Cosworth tested turbocharged BD version. They finally built an all-new turbocharged 1.5 L V6 engine. This engine was badged (named) the Ford TEC. Inside Cosworth, it was known as the GB-series. This engine had a long development history. It only raced only for a short time. In was used by the Haas Lola team in and the Benetton Formula team in .

The final replacement for the DFV/DFZ/DFR series was the 3.5 L HB V8 engine. It was used by the Benetton team midway through 1989. It won the Japanese Grand Prix that year. This engine had a narrower v-angle than the DFV.

As the works (factory supported) team, Benetton was the only team to use this model through the rest of and . In , customer units became available. The customer engines did not have all the updates the works engines did. In 1991, these engines were supplied to the new Jordan Grand Prix team. In 1992, they went to Team Lotus. 1993 saw McLaren added to the customer engine deal. McLaren won five Grands Prix with Ayrton Senna that year. A new Cosworth unit, badged as a Ford Zetec-R was built in 1994. That year, Michael Schumacher won the Drivers World Championship with Benetton. This was the last Ford powered F1 title.

A Jaguar-badged version of the HB was used for a short time in sports car racing with the Jaguar XJR-14. Cosworth also developed a 72° V10 engine for the Sauber Formula One team. It was baged as a Ford engine.

Cosworth has made several 3.0 L V10 engines for other Formula One teams. The Stewart Grand Prix team basically became the Ford works team. They used Cosworth CR-1 engines from their first season in 1997. Stewart became Jaguar Racing which became Red Bull Racing. They used Cosworth V10 engines until 2006. Minardi also used re-badged Cosworth engines until 2005.

Williams began using the new CA2006 Cosworth V8 engines for the 2006 season. In the same year, Scuderia Toro Rosso used detuned V10 engines based on the 2005 units.

In 2007, Williams and Scuderia Torro Rosso both switched to other engines. This left Cosworth out of Formula one for three years. Honda left F1 in December 2008. This led to Cosworth being selected to provide a standard engine to any interested team. Teams could purchase entire engines, or build their own from the Cosworth designs.

In 2010 Cosworth returned as the engine supplier for Williams. They also supplied three new teams; Hispania Racing, Lotus Racing and Virgin Racing. The CA2010 is the same 2.4 litre V8 base of the CA2006 used by Williams. It has been re-tuned from 20,000 rpm to the current 18,000 rpm limit required on all engines. The first engines were shipped to teams in mid-January, 2 weeks prior to first track testing for the year.

Cosworth needed to replace the DFS engines used in IndyCar and Champ Car racing. Cosworth designed the X-series, beginning in 1992 with the XB. The XF was built for the 2000 season to replace the XD. It was picked as the spec engine for the Champ Car World Series in 2003. The most recent version is the 2.65 litre XFE, used through 2007. The Champ Car World Series set a rev limit of 12,000 rpm. The 2004 model of the XFE was rated at 750 horsepower for normal running. It could produce 800 horsepower during the "Push-to-Pass" mode.

In mid 2003, Cosworth provided the 3.5L V8 XG badged as a Chevrolet Gen 4 engine to IRL IndyCar Series teams. The XG finished 2nd in its first race at Michigan on 27 July 2003. Sam Hornish, Jr. went on to win 3 races that season with the new XG. The XG was reduced in size to 3L for 2004 season. It won one race in 2005 during Chevrolet's final season in IRL.

In 2007, the Ford name was removed from the XFE engine. The Champ Car World Series merged into the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series prior to the 2008 season. Cosworth does not currently provide engines to any American open wheel racing series.

These are 300 horsepower 2.3 L inline-four engines based on the Mazda MZR engine. A detuned (reduced power) 250 horsepower version is sold to the consumer market. This version is intended for club racers. Both engines are built by Cosworth in Torrance, California.

Cosworth is best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford. Cosworth is in the vehicle name on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth.
In the United States, Cosworth has also appeared in the name of a road car, the Chevrolet Vega. Only 3,508 1975 and 1976 Cosworth Vegas were built. The engine featured the Vega sleeveless, aluminum-alloy block fitted with forged components. The twin-cam, 16 valve, aluminum cylinder head design was assisted by Cosworth. The engine featured electronic ignition, electronic fuel injection, and stainless steel headers. The final US version produced 110 bhp. Cosworth's EA racing version was not successful due to engine block structural failures. Projected sales of the Cosworth Vega had been 5,000. The 1500 unused hand-built Cosworth Vega engines were simply scrapped for lack of demand.

Cosworth became involved with Mercedes-Benz in the mid-1980s. Mercedes-Benz wanted to create a Group B rally car. They turned to Cosworth to development the engine.

Mercedes wanted a 320 bhp engine based on the 136 bhp Mercedes M102 2.3 litre 4-cylinder engine. The task was given to Mike Hall, who design the famed DFV and BDA engines. Designed around the existing M102 engine, its valves set a 45° angle, rather than the 40° of the BDA. The valves were the biggest that could be fitted into the combustion chamber. Flat top pistons gave a 10.5:1 compression ratio. The new Cosworth WAA engine also was Cosworth’s first one-piece head. The camshaft carrier was cast with the head itself.

Cosworth tried to design a full Formula One Grand Prix car in 1969. The car was designed by Robin Herd. It used a new design of a 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth. This transmission was different from the Ferguson transmission used by all other 4WD F1 cars of the 1960s. It was powered by a version of the DFV engine built out of magnesium. The plan was to drive the car at the British Grand Prix. Cosworth withdrew the car without any explanation. Herd left Cosworth to form March Engineering. The F1 car project was canceled. The external design of the car was Herd's use of Mallite sheeting. Mallite is a product made from layers of wood and aluminum. The Mallite was for the main structural monocoque (car body) sections. This is a procedure he developed on the first McLaren single-seat race cars, including the McLaren M2B of 1966.




Carbon tetrachloride

Carbon tetrachloride, also known as carbon tet for short or tetrachloromethane, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CCl. It contains carbon in its +4 oxidation state and chloride ions. It is a colourless heavy liquid.

It is a colorless liquid. It smells like chloroform. It evaporates quite quickly. It can dissolve fats and oils as well as other substances including iodine. It does not burn, but it does make phosgene when heated to a very high temperature.

It is made by reacting methane with chlorine. This reaction is similar to the burning of methane (reaction of methane with oxygen). Hydrogen chloride, chloromethane, dichloromethane and chloroform are byproducts (left over substances). It used to be made by reacting carbon disulfide with chlorine. This reaction would produce sulfur(I) chloride.

The uses of carbon tetrachloride have diminished lately, because it is known to be damage people's health. People think it might damage the ozone layer. Today, it is rarely used for anything.
Previously, was used in fire extinguishers. It was also used to make freon, used in dry cleaning and as a refrigerant.
Carbon tetrachloride is very poisonous to the liver, the kidneys and the nervous system; it might also cause cancer. Carbon tetrachloride converts to phosgene (an extremely poisonous gas) at very high temperatures like fire conditions. In the days when it was used as a fire extinguisher, this problem was very common and caused deaths. 



Freon

Freon is a word for certain chemical compounds, often used as refrigerants. Thomas Midgley, Jr. invented using Freon as a refrigerant. "Freon" is a registered trademark of DuPont. Freon was first used to describe chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) refrigerants, but it is now used to describe many other kinds of chemicals used as refrigerant. Refrigerants may contain carbon, chlorine, fluorine and sometimes bromine. For example, Freon 10 is carbon tetrachloride. Many kinds of freon are not toxic to animals. They also are cheap and work well. However, most refrigerants can reduce the amount of ozone from the upper atmosphere. Reducing ozone lets more ultraviolet light to come through. Too much ultraviolet light can cause skin cancer and cataracts, and can kill off plankton in the oceans. 

The chlorine part of CFC refrigerants can reduce ozone. Hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) can also damage ozone. Newer Hydrofulorocarbon (HFC) refrigerants do not have chlorine in them and do not reduce ozone in the atmosphere. Most refrigerants also increase global warming because they are powerful greenhouse gasses. These refrigerants increase global warming thousands of times more than carbon dioxide (CO).


Refrigerant

A refrigerant is a chemical substance that is found in an air conditioner, a refrigerator, and in other refrigeration equipment. Refrigerants are chosen for the ease of converting them from liquid to vapor or vice versa, depending on their temperature and pressure. Most refrigerants in their liquid state will evaporate very fast if at atmospheric pressure. They can be classed as CFC, HCFC, HFC, HC, or HFO along with less common types.

In refrigeration equipment, a refrigerant vapor is compressed by a compressor. Compression makes it hot. It enters a condenser, where it condenses into a liquid. The refrigerant then passes through a part called a metering device, or an expansion device (there are several types of this part) where the pressure is reduced to a point where the liquid begins to boil. At this point, the refrigerant is very cold and it enters an evaporator, where it absorbs heat from the air passing over it. By the time the refrigerant leaves the evaporator, it is all a vapor again, and it goes back to the compressor where the cycle begins again. This is called the refrigeration cycle. This is one example of the use of a refrigerant, in a residential air conditioning system.

Older chlorine based refrigerants such as R22 have been phased out due to ozone depletion. The chlorine molecule in them was found to be depleting the ozone molecules in the atmosphere. As a result, the Montreal Protocol has been adopted. The treaty bans the production of CFCs, halons as and other ozone-depleting chemicals such as carbon tetrachloride and trichloroethane.


2010 Canterbury earthquake

The 2010 Canterbury earthquake was a powerful 7.1 magnitude earthquake, which struck the South Island of New Zealand at 4:35 am September 4, 2010 local time (16:35 3 September UTC). 
It was centred 40 km west of Christchurch, near the town of Darfield, at a depth of 10 km. Strong aftershocks were reported, including ones of magnitude 5.3. 
The main quake was felt widely across the South Island, and in the North Island as far north as New Plymouth.

It caused a lot of damage and cut off power and water supply, mainly in the city of Christchurch. Two people were seriously injured. The quake caused damage to historic buildings in Lyttelton, near Christchurch, including a church and parts of a hotel. Businesses in the city centre were closed the day of the quake. The total cost of damages may be as high as NZ$2 billion.

A state of emergency was declared by Civil Defence for Christchurch and the Selwyn District.

New Zealand sits on the boundary between the Australian and Pacific plates. In the South Island, these plates mainly slide past each other horizontally, producing earthquakes along fault lines such as the Alpine fault. The 2010 earthquake was centred about 80–90 km to the southeast of the plate boundary through the island, probably on one of a network of smaller faults linked to the main faults that mark the plate boundary itself.

William Langland

William Langland (c. 1332 – c. 1386) was an English poet. He wrote a long and complicated poem called Piers Plowman. The poem is an allegory about the difficulty of leading a good Christian life when the institution of the Church is often corrupt.

We do not know for sure that this poem was written by Langland. The strongest evidence we have is one manuscript which says that the poem was written by 'Willielmi de Langlond', son of 'Stacy de Rokayle, who died in Shipton-under-Wichwood, a tenant of the Lord Spenser in the county of Oxfordshire'. Other manuscripts also name the author as 'Robert or William langland', or 'Wilhelmus W.' (probably an abbreviation for 'William of Wichwood', since Wychwood is the village he probably came from). Another piece of evidence is within the poem itself. At one stage the narrator says: 'I have lyved in londe...my name is longe wille'. Scholars agree that this is a code for the poet's name: Longe-Land, and Wille meaning Will, short for William. This may seem unlikely, but this method of hiding the poet's name within a poem was used in Roman times, and was quite common in late-medieval literature.

Alexandra David-Néel

Alexandra David-Néel (full name Louise Eugénie Alexandrine Marie David) born in Saint-Mandé, Val-de-Marne on 24 October 1868, and died in Digne-les-Bains, on 8 September 1969. She was a Belgian-French explorer.




Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford

Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral of the diocese of Oxford, which includes the City of Oxford and the surrounding countryside as far north as Banbury. It is also, uniquely, the chapel of Christ Church, the largest college of the University of Oxford.

The cathedral was originally the church of St Frideswide's Priory. 
In 1522, the priory was surrendered to Cardinal Wolsey, who chose it as the site for his proposed college. However, in 1529 it was taken over by King Henry VIII. Work stopped, but in June 1532 the college was refounded by the King. In 1546, Henry VIII transferred to it from Osney Abbey to the see of Oxford. The cathedral has the name of "Ecclesia Christi Cathedralis Oxoniensis", given to it by King Henry VIII's foundation charter.

The nave, choir, central tower, and transepts (as far as the roofs) are late Norman, and were probably erected during the lifetime of Canutus, the second prior, in the 12th century. As a whole the cathedral contains examples of the various styles from late Norman to Perpendicular.

Once this was the smallest cathedral in England. But according to their website, this has changed:

Cathedral (or Christ Church) Time is traditionally five minutes behind Greenwich Mean Time. This dates back to the days before the railways when each region of the country kept to its own local time. Hence what is now called Cathedral Time is a survival of old Oxford Time. 


Tattva

Tattva is a Sanskrit word that means 'thatness', 'principle', 'reality' or 'truth'. According to many Indian schools of philosophy, a tattva is an element or aspect of reality conceived as an aspect of deity.



Mahābhūta

Mahābhūta is Sanskrit and Pāli for "great element." In Buddhism, the "four great elements" (Pali: cattāro mahābhūtāni) are earth, water, fire and air. Hinduism adds a fifth "great" or "gross" element: ether.


Cyma Zarghami

Cyma Zarghami is an Iranian-American cable television executive and the current president of the TV channel Nickelodeon and the MTV Networks' Kids & Family Group.


Coccyx

The coccyx is a set of bones that are fused together (joined up). It is found at the base of the vertebral column. This collection of bones is often called the tailbone. At birth, these bones are separate. These bones do not contain cartilage between them.

Småland

Småland is a historical province ("landskap") in southern Sweden.

Småland borders the provinces Blekinge, Scania or Skåne, Halland, Västergötland, Östergötland and the island Öland in the Baltic Sea. The name Småland literally means "Small lands". The latinized form "Smolandia" has been used in other languages. The highest summit in Småland is Tomtabacken with its 377 m.

Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren comes from Småland, and many of her stories are also set there. Famous Swedish expresseions are "Mörkaste Småland" ("Darkest Småland") and "För allt smör i Småland" ("For All Butter in Småland").

Åryd, Växjö Municipality

Åryd is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 684 people lived there. Swedish singer and Melodifestivalen 1995 contestant Jessica G. Pilnäs was born in Åryd.

Typhoon Kompasu (2010)

Typhoon Kompasu was noticed on August 28, the United States Air Force base in Okinawa, Japan, began preparing for what was then Tropical Storm 08W. Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness (TCCOR) level three was issued the following morning. By August 30, forecasts showed that a strengthening storm would strike the area, possibly bringing winds in excess of . Following this, the TCCOR level was increased to two. For the first time in over three years, TCCOR level one was declared on August 31. Military personnel and residents across the island were urged to complete their preparations and remain indoors for the duration of the typhoon. During the storm's passage on August 31, the highest warning level, TCCOR One-E (emergency) was declared. Following Kompasu's passage, the emergency warning was changed to recovery as conditions improved.

Throughout Okinawa, Kompasu brought strong winds and heavy rains, leaving an estimated 32,000 residences without power. The highest rainfall total was measured in Motobu at . Winds in excess of felled a 300-year-old tree. The Sion Pine Tree was the last of its kind on the island and was once the symbol of the northern Okinawa Region. The Okuma Recreation Facility sustained substantial damage and was closed to the public for at least a week. According to United States Air Force captain Adam Vaccarezza, concrete towers fell during the storm. Although Kompasu was a strong typhoon when it passed over Okinawa, no loss of life took place; however, five people were injured. Some homes sustained roof damage across the region, prompting a few evacuations. Additionally, Kompasu resulted in the cancellation of 432 flights to and from the island chain, stranding 57,126 people.

Yu Myung-hwan

Yu Myung-hwan (born April 8, 1946) is a South Korean diplomat, he was Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade from February 2008 to September.4 2010. His resigntation was caused when his daughter was givent a job in his department . He has previously held posts including Ambassador to Israel, Japan and the Philippines. Yu is a graduate of Seoul National University.


Kosovo national football team

Kosovo national football team is the national football team of Kosovo.

Greenland national football team

Greenland national football team is the national football team of Greenland.

Gibraltar national football team

Gibraltar national football team is the national football team of Gibraltar. The team joined UEFA in May of 2013 and played their first match against Slovakia on 19 November 2013. They were also accepted into FIFA on 13 May 2016. So far, they have not qualified for any major tournament.

The Vicar of Dibley

The Vicar of Dibley is a British sitcom that was shown on BBC One between 1994 and 2007. It starred Dawn French as Geraldine Granger, the new female vicar of Dibley, Oxfordshire.

Alphaville

Alphaville is a German synthpop group which gained popularity in the 1980s. The founding members were Marian Gold (real name "Hartwig Schierbaum", born 26 May 1954 in Herford), Bernhard Lloyd (real name "Bernhard Gößling", born 6 June 1960 in Enger, North Rhine-Westphalia), and Frank Mertens (real name "Frank Sorgatz", born 26 October 1961 in Enger, North Rhine-Westphalia). 

The band was at first named Forever Young before changing to Alphaville. They are best known for their two biggest hits, "Big in Japan" and "Forever Young".

Emerald Coast

The Emerald Coast is an area in the US state of Florida on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, roughly bounded by Pensacola, Florida on the west and Port St. Joe, Florida on the east.

List of people from Florida

This List of people from Florida includes notable people who were born, raised or lived in the state of Florida for a significant part of their lives.

Latina

Latina may refer to:


Iberian Cup

The Iberian Cup was a football game between the champions teams of Spain and Portugal. 

Chula Vista, California

Chula Vista (; , due to its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area as well as the 7th largest city in Southern California. In 2020, 275,487 people lived in Chula Vista.



According to the City's 2008 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the city are:

Local area freeways in within the city of Chula Vista include

East-West arterials

North-South arterials





Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious

Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious () is an English word, with 34 letters, that was a song with the same title in the Disney musical movie "Mary Poppins". The song was written by the Sherman Brothers, and sung by Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. It also appears in the stage show version of Mary Poppins.

The writers of the "Oxford English Dictionary" think that the word "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" was first used in the 1940s. The word is a compound word, and said by Richard Lederer in his book "Crazy English" to be made up of these words: super- "above", cali- "beauty", fragilistic- "delicate", expiali- "to atone", and -docious "educable", with all of these parts combined meaning "Atoning for educability through delicate beauty." According to the movie, in which the word became widely used, the word is "something to say when you have nothing to say". However, a lot of people think the word means "extraordinarily good" or "wonderful" because all mentions of the word in the movie can be thought of as good.


Nogales, Arizona

Nogales is a city in Santa Cruz County, Arizona, United States. The population was 19,770 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Santa Cruz County.



Mount Olivet Cemetery (Chicago)

Mount Olivet Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery in Chicago, Illinois. The cemetery is at 2755 West 111th St.

There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery. The cemetery is 93 acres in size. It became one of the first major area cemeteries to become full before more land was purchased on its east side.

Mount Olivet was the first burial place of Al Capone, who was put between the graves of his father and brother. A few years after his mother's death, the remains of all three men were moved to Mount Carmel Cemetery in Hillside, Illinois.


Cemeteries in Chicago:


Dominici

Dominici is a progressive metal band that started in 2005 by former Dream Theater vocalist, Charlie Dominici. Their only published works are the three albums that make up the .

Dominici also opened for three Dream Theater concerts, during Dream Theater's "Chaos in Motion Tour."



Pinball

Pinball is a type of arcade game. In pinball, the player tries to score points by manipulating one or more metal balls on a playfield inside a glass-covered case called a pinball machine. The main objective of the game is to score as many points as the player can. Other objectives are to play as long as possible (by earning "extra balls" and keeping the ball in play as long as possible) and to earn free games (known as "replays").

From the 1940s through the 1970s pinball was banned in many American cities because it was thought to be a game of chance and therefore was considered gambling. The ban stopped in New York City in 1976, when Roger Sharpe, a player renowned for his talent, played so well in front of the City Council that he convinced them that pinball was indeed a game of skill, not just of luck. 

Avebury

Avebury is the site of the largest ancient monument in Great Britain. It consists of a large henge, several stone circles, stone avenues and barrows. The main henge and stone circle surrounds the village of Avebury in the English county of Wiltshire.

Avebury is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe, about 5,000 years old. Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south, the two monuments were made by people of the same culture.

At , Avebury is roughly midway between the towns of Marlborough and Calne, just off the main A4 road. Avebury is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, a World Heritage Site, and a National Trust property.

On the World Heritage list, Avebury and Stonehenge are listed together as 'Avebury, Stonehenge and Associated Sites'. However, Stonehenge is really a different site built at a different time.

Most of the surviving structure is composed of earthworks, known as the dykes, consisting of a massive ditch and external bank henge. Although the henge is not perfectly circular, it has a diameter of about . The only known comparable sites of similar date are only a quarter of the size of Avebury. The ditch alone was 21 metres (69 ft) wide and 11 metres (36 ft) deep, with a sample from its primary fill carbon dated to 3300 - 2630 BC (4300+/-90).

Within the henge is a great outer circle. This is one of Europe's largest stone circles, with a diameter of , Britain's largest stone circle. It was either contemporary with, or built around four or five centuries after the earthworks. There were originally 98 sarsen standing stones, some weighing over 40 tons. The stones varied in height from 3.6 to 4.2 m, as exemplified at the north and south entrances. The fill from two of the stoneholes has been carbon dated to between 2900 and 2600 BC (3870+/-90, 4130+/-90)
Nearer the middle of the monument are two additional, separate stone circles. The northern inner ring is in diameter, but only two of its four standing stones remain upright. A cove of three stones stood in the middle, its entrance facing northeast. The southern inner ring was in diameter before its destruction in the eighteenth century. The remaining sections of its arc now lie beneath the village buildings. A single large monolith, high, stood in the centre along with an alignment of smaller stones.

The West Kennet Avenue, an avenue of paired stones, leads from the southeastern entrance of the henge; and traces of a second, the Beckhampton Avenue, lead out from the western entrance.

Findings of archaeological geophysics suggests that a timber circle of two concentric rings stood in the northeast sector of the outer circle. This has not yet been confirmed by excavation. A ploughed barrow is visible from the air in the northwestern quadrant.

The henge had four opposing entrances, two on a north by northwest and south by southeast line, and two on an east by northeast and west by southwest line.



Henge

A henge is a Neolithic earthwork. Henges are typical of the British Isles (for example Stonehenge), but there are a few similar structures in continental Europe.

Henges have a ring bank and ditch. They are not thought to be primarily defensive, because their ditch is inside the wall or rampart. For defence, it would seem better to have the ditch outside the bank. That way, attackers would need to climb up further. Their function is thought to be mainly ceremonial. This is discussed often in relation to Stonehenge.

Henges are divided into three types:


Carnac stones

The Carnac stones are the largest collection of megalithic standing stones in the world. The more than 3,000 prehistoric standing stones were cut from local rock and erected by the pre-Celtic people of Brittany.

The stones were erected at some stage during the Neolithic period, probably around 3300 BC, but some may be as old as 4500 BC. The stones occur in a number of Neolithic sites around the French village of Carnac, in Brittany. They include rows of stones (alignments), dolmens, tumuli and single menhirs.

In recent centuries, many of the sites have been neglected, with reports of dolmens being used as sheep shelters, chicken sheds or even ovens. Stones have been removed to make way for roads, or used as building materials. The management of the sites is a controversial topic.

There are three major groups of stone rows — "Ménec", "Kermario" and "Kerlescan" — which may have once formed a single group, but have been split up as stones were removed for other purposes.

Eleven converging rows of menhirs stretching for . There is what may be the remains of stone circles at either end. According to the tourist office there is a "cromlech containing 71 stone blocks" at the western end and a very ruined cromlech at the eastern end. The largest stones, around high, are at the wider, western end; the stones then become as small as 0.6m high along the length of the alignment before growing in height again toward the extreme eastern end.

This fan-like layout recurs a little further along to the east in the "Kermario" alignment. It consists of 1029 stones in ten columns, about in length. A stone circle to the east end, where the stones are shorter, was revealed by aerial photography.

A smaller group of 555 stones, further to the east of the other two sites. It is composed of 13 lines with a total length of about , ranging in height from to . At the extreme west, where the stones are tallest, there is a stone circle which has 39 stones. There may also be another stone circle to the north.

A much smaller group, further east again of Kerlescan, falling within the commune of La Trinité-sur-Mer. These are now set in woods, and most are covered with moss and ivy.

There are several tumuli, mounds of earth built up over a grave. In this area, they generally feature a passage leading to a central chamber which once held neolithic artefacts.
The tumulus of Saint-Michel was constructed between 5000 BC and 3400 BC. At its base it is , and is high. It required of stone and earth. Its function was the same as that of the pyramids of Egypt: a tomb for the members of the ruling class. It contained various funerary objects, such as 15 stone chests, pottery, jewellery, most of which are currently held by the Museum of Prehistory of Carnac. It was excavated in 1862 by René Galles with a series of vertical pits, digging down . Le Rouzic also excavated it between 1900 and 1907 discovering the tomb and the stone chests.

A chapel was built on top in 1663 but was rebuilt in 1813, before being destroyed in 1923. The current building is an identical reconstruction of the 1663 chapel, built in 1926. 

Also known as "Er Mané", it is a chamber tomb long, wide, and high. It has a dolmen at the west end, and two tombs at the east end. A small menhir, approximately high, is nearby. 
There are several dolmens scattered around the area. These dolmens are generally considered to have been tombs, however the acidic soil of Brittany has eroded away the bones. They were constructed with several large stones supporting a "capstone", then buried under a mound of earth. In many cases, the mound is no longer present, sometimes due to archeological excavation, and only the large stones remain, in various states of ruin.


There are some individual menhirs and at least one other formation which do not fit into the above categories.

An arrangement of stones to form the perimeter of a large rectangle. Originally a "tertre tumulus" with a central mound, it is long, and aligned to east of northeast. The quadrilateral is wide to the east, but only wide at the west.

Near the quadrilateral is a single massive menhir, now known as the "Giant". Over tall, it was re-erected around 1900 by Zacharie Le Rouzic, and overlooks the nearby Kerlescan alignment. 

Mike Douglas

Mike Douglas, born Michael Delaney Dowd, Jr. (August 11, 1920 – August 11, 2006) was an American entertainer.

Douglas was born in Chicago, Illinois, and began singing as a choirboy. He was singing on a Lake Michigan dinner cruise ship when he was a teenager. After being in the United States Navy for a short time, he moved to Los Angeles. He was on the Ginny Simms radio show. Then, he became a singer in the big band of Kay Kyser. 

In 1950, he was the singing voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney's "Cinderella".

In the 1950s Douglas, who was living in Burbank, California, tried to keep his singing job going. He did not change to rock and roll, which shortened his chances of being a singer as big band music was becoming less popular. In the hardest years, he and his wife got by "flipping" their Los Angeles homes.

He next showed up in 1961 in Cleveland, where a Chicago friend hired him for $400 a week as an afternoon television host at WKYC-TV. "The Mike Douglas Show" quickly got popular and had national broadcasting in August 1963.

Many famous people were on the show. For example, Truman Capote, The Rolling Stones,Herman's Hermits and Kiss were on the show. The show helped show entertainers for the first time, like Barbra Streisand and Aretha Franklin. After the move to Philadelphia, Douglas tried to sing again, but it did not work work well.

By 1967, "The Mike Douglas Show" had 6,000,000 viewers each day, mostly women. It earned $10.5 million from advertisers. Douglas was paid more than $500,000. In 1967, the program got the first Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Daytime Television from the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Most weeks, Douglas would be joined by a co-host, like John Lennon & Yoko Ono, and Anne Baxter. The show went off the air in 1980.

He came down with prostate cancer in 1990, but after surgery he was cancer-free. Douglas died in August 11, 2006, on his 86th birthday from complications of dehydration.

His wife Genevieve, daughters Kelly and twins Michele and Christine lived after him.

Muckrakers

Muckrakers was a term for the group of people who wrote books and newspaper articles in the United States around 1900. Most of their books were about showing how bad things were in "Gilded Age" in America. Some things they wrote about were the power of big business, unclean practices in factories, and the condition of poor people. The books the Muckrakers wrote led to changes in America during the Progressive Era, such as the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 and the breakup of the Standard Oil company.

The following people were among the Muckrakers:


Renata Tebaldi

Renata Tebaldi (February 1, 1922 - December 19, 2004) was an Italian operatic soprano and one of the leading lyric-dramatic sopranos of the postwar period. She possessed a voice of great beauty and considerable power which she used with unfailing musicianship and style. 

Born in Pesaro, Italy, she studied first at the Parma Conservatory with Branducci and Campogaliani, and at the Pesaro Conservatory with Carmen Melis and Giuseppe Pais. She made her debut in Rovigno in 1944, as Elena in "Mefistofele".

She was chosen by conductor Arturo Toscanini to sing at the reopening of La Scala in Milan in 1946, where she sang until 1954. She also appeared at all the major opera houses of Italy. 

She then began singing abroad and made her debut at the Royal Opera House in 1950, at the Paris Opéra in 1951, and at the Metropolitan Opera in 1955, where she was to sing regularly until 1973. She also appeared in San Francisco, Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro, etc.

She was particularly admired in operas like Verdi's "La forza del destino", "Aida", "Otello", Puccini's "Manon Lescaut", "La bohème", "Tosca", "Madama Butterfly", Ponchielli's "La Gioconda", Boito's "Mefistofele", Giordano's "Andrea Chénier", Cilea's "Adriana Lecouvreur", Catalini's "La Wally".

Renata Tebaldi retired from the stage in 1977. She died at her home in San Marino, at the age of 82. 

The so-called rivalry between Tebaldi and soprano Maria Callas was mostly fueled by admirers of these two singers and by the press.


Lincoln Heights Jail

Lincoln Heights Jail was a jail building in Lincoln Heights. It closed in 1954. It is said to be haunted. The jail is sometimes used as a movie set. It was used to make parts of the music video for "Telephone" by Lady Gaga.


Br'er Rabbit

Br'er Rabbit (also spelled Bre'r Rabbit or Brer Rabbit or Bruh Rabbit, with the title "Br'er" ) is an important character in the Uncle Remus stories in the Southern United States. He is a tricky character, and usually wins or escapes because he is clever, not because he is strong.

Br'er Rabbit came from both African and Cherokee cultures. Disney later used the character for their "The Song of the South".

In a Cherokee story, "the fox and the wolf throw the trickster rabbit into a thicket from which the rabbit quickly escapes." There was a "melding (mixing) of the Cherokee rabbit-trickster ... into the culture of African slaves." "In fact, most of the Br'er Rabbit stories originated in (came from) Cherokee myths."


Madison County, Florida

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on December 26, 1827. As of 2020, 17,968 people lived there. Its county seat is Madison.

Flag of Sweden

The flag of Sweden is a yellow cross on a blue background. It was adopted on June 22, 1906. 

Hisingen

Hisingen is an island on the west coast of Sweden. It has an area of . It is Sweden's fourth biggest island, but its most populated island. It is north of Gothenburg. Göteborg City Airport is there.

Göteborg City Airport

Gothenburg City Airport or Göteborg City Airport is an airport on Hisingen above Gothenburg, Sweden. It was opened in 1940. It is the eighth biggest airport in Sweden, after Luleå Airport.

Nebraska Cornhuskers football

The Nebraska Cornhuskers are the athletic football team of The University of Nebraska and they play in the Big 12 Conference. They will play in the Big Ten Conference at the beginning of the 2011-2012 season. The current head coach of Cornhuskers is Bo Pelini and he is in his 3rd year with them. The Cornhuskers play at Memorial Stadium, Lincoln which seats about 81,067. The Cornhuskers have won 24 bowl games. The Cornhuskers have two retired jersey numbers #60 for Tom Novak and #64 for Bob Brown.


Over-the-counter drug

Over-the-counter drugs (OTC) are drugs that do not need a prescription to be bought. When they are properly used, these drugs do not put the health of the patient in danger. Many OTC drug ingredients which were prescription drugs are now considered safe enough for use without a prescription. In many countries, there are special government agencies that regulate OTC drugs, such as the Food and Drug Administration and the Drug Enforcement Administration in the United States. Certain drugs are classified as over-the counter drugs, but may only be given by a pharmacist. This is often the case with emergency contraception medicine. It may also be the case that a small packet of a certain drug is available over the counter, but that larger packets require a prescription.


Fabian Washington

Fabian Washington (born June 9, 1983 in Bradenton, Florida) is an American former professional football cornerback. He played a total of 6 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders and Baltimore Ravens. Washington was drafted out of the University of Nebraska by the Baltimore Ravens with the 23rd pick in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft. 

On July 31, 2011, he signed a contract with the New Orleans Saints. On September 1, 2011, Washington suffered a hamstring injury and was placed on injured reserve. He was released from the New Orleans Saints practice squad on September 13, 2011.


Heart of Neolithic Orkney

Heart of Neolithic Orkney refers to a group of Neolithic monuments found on Mainland, one of the islands of Orkney, Scotland. The name was adopted by UNESCO when it proclaimed these sites as a World Heritage Site in 1999.

There are five sites on Mainland:


Acrostic

An acrostic is a poem or other form of writing. In an acrostic, the first letter, syllable, or word of every line, paragraph, or other feature spells out a word or a message. It can be used to remember things. For example, Edgar Allan Poe wrote an acrostic poem in English:

<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Elizabeth it is in vain you say
"Love not" — thou sayest it in so sweet a way:
In vain those words from thee or L.E.L.
Zantippe's talents had enforced so well:
Ah! if that language from thy heart arise,
Breath it less gently forth — and veil thine eyes.
Endymion, recollect, when Luna tried
To cure his love — was cured of all beside —
His follie — pride — and passion — for he died.
</poem>

The first letters of each line (E, L, I, Z, A, B, E, T, H) spell out "Elizabeth".

