State of Vietnam

State of Vietnam was a former autonomous state controlled by France. It was established in 1949. It was an associated state and a constitutent territory of the French Indochina until 1954. From 1954, it became fully independent from France since this country lost the First Indochina War. It was replaced by Republic of Vietnam in 1955. It proclaimed its sovereignty over all of Vietnam's territories, but in fact, it only controlled small parts of its proclaimed territories. Most of its territories was controlled by Viet Minh and Democratic Republic of Vietnam. Only French-occupied territories in Vietnam was controlled by the State of Vietnam. From 1954, the 1954 Geneva Accords divided Vietnam into two countries: North Vietnam and State of Vietnam. North Vietnam's territory is from Quang Binh Province to the North. The State of Vietnam's territory is from Quang Tri Province to the South. Its area was 173,809 km from 1954.

State of Vietnam was established in 1949. It was preceded by the Provisional Central Government of Vietnam. It was established in 1948. In 1950, it was recognised by France, United Kingdom and United States with the capital of Saigon and the chief of state of Bao Dai. In 1954, France lost the First Indochina War. That led to the 1954 Geneva Accords. It divided Vietnam into two countries. State of Vietnam and France gathered their troops in Southern Vietnam. On 26 October, it was replaced by Republic of Vietnam.
Following the signing of the 1949 Élysée Accords in Paris, Bao Dai was able to create a National Army for defense purposes.

It fought under the State of Vietnam's banner and leadership and was commanded by General Nguyen Van Hinh.


Empire of Vietnam

The Empire of Vietnam () was a puppet state controlled by Japan. It was formed on 17 March 1945 and ended on 30 August 1945. This was towards the end of World War II. The capital city was Huế. The emperor was Bảo Đại, the prime minister was Trần Trọng Kim.

Gingalain

Gingalain () is a knight from the Arthurian legend of the Round Table. He is the in "Le Bel Inconnu", a poem written by Renaut de Beaujeu (1180s–1230). He is also in the (destroyed) 12th-century manuscript, "Gliglois". It is uncertain if the Gliglois of the medieval manuscript refers to Gawain's son or some other character in the "Fair Unknown" cycle.


Childfree

The term childfree means people who choose not to have children. It includes people who have had sterilisation (surgery such as a vasectomy) to make themselves unable to have children.

The most common reasons for being childfree are:


People may also choose not to have children for ethical reasons, such as antinatalism. By choosing not to have their own children, childfree people have choices of saving large amounts of money. They can also focus on themselves. They usually benefit society more by being childless rather than having children. Research has found no significant evidence that older child-free adults experience more life regret than older parents, challenging the stereotype that child-free individuals might be less satisfied with their life choices compared to their counterparts with children.

Being childless was considered unusual in the 1950s. Since then, the number of adults without children has increased. Many researchers say childfree adults are more educated, less likely to be religious and more likely to live around cities. In the late 2000s to early 2010s, the rate of women in the United States becoming pregnant dropped almost 9%. The birth rate between 2010 and 2013 was the lowest in the country's history.


Childlessness

Childlessness is not having a child. Since the 1970s, there are more childless people. There are two kinds of childlessness, voluntary and involuntary.

Voluntary childlessness is when people choose to not have children. People do this for several reasons, which include:
Voluntary childlessness is sometimes called childfree.

There are also several reason for involuntary childlessness, including:

Sometimes a couple can have a child through artificial insemination, when a sperm is place in a woman's uterus immediately after ovulation. Another option is in vitro fertilization (or IVF). In this process, a sperm and an egg are placed together until fertilization happens, then the egg is put into the uterus.

Teemu Selänne

Teemu Ilmari Selänne (born 3 July 1970) is a Finnish retired ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 21 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Winnipeg Jets, Anaheim Ducks, San Jose Sharks, and Colorado Avalanche. He is nicknamed "The Finnish Flash". He is the highest scoring Finn in NHL history, and one of the highest overall. Before he retired, he was the 11th all-time with 684 goals and 15th with 1,457 points. He is also the holder of many team scoring records for both the Winnipeg/Arizona franchise and the Anaheim Ducks.

He also played for the Finland men's national ice hockey team. He won a bronze medal with them at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, a silver medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy, and a bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Before playing in the NHL, Selänne played three seasons in the SM-liiga with Jokerit. He was drafted by the Winnipeg Jets with the 10th overall pick in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft. He played four seasons with the Jets. He was traded along with Marc Chouinard and a fourth-round draft pick on February 6, 1996 to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. He was exchanged for first-round draft picks Chad Kilger and Oleg Tverdovsky, along with a third round selection at the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He was partnered with Paul Kariya. They helped the Mighty Ducks reach their first playoff appearance in 1997. They defeated the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round, but were defeated by the Detroit Red Wings in the second round.

In March 2001, Anaheim sat last place in the Western Conference. On March 5, they traded Selänne to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for Jeff Friesen, Steve Shields, and a second-round selection in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Later on, the Sharks became unable to qualify for the playoffs. They were trying to make changes and the New Jersey Devils were interested in a trade for Selänne. However, Selänne's contract said that he could not be traded, so they were unable to make a deal. He would later sign a $5.8 million contract for one year with the Colorado Avalanche. There, he was joined by former teammate Paul Kariya.

After a year, he struggled with knee problems and had to have surgery. There was a labour dispute and the 2004-05 NHL season was cancelled. He used the time to recover from his surgery. He returned to the NHL during the 2005-06 NHL season. He was not signed to any team when the season started. He decided to sign a contract with the Anaheim Ducks and return to Anaheim. The Ducks were able to defeat the Ottawa Senators in five games during the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals to win the Stanley Cup.

Selänne announced that the 2013–14 NHL season would be the last season of his NHL career.

On May 16, 2014, he played his final NHL game as the Ducks were eliminated from the 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs by the Los Angeles Kings. After the game, he took a final lap around the rink and was saluted by fans, teammates and opponents.



Michael Shermer

Michael Brant Shermer (born September 8, 1954) is an American science writer. 

He was a fundamentalist Christian. During graduate school he stopped believing in God. He started The Skeptics Society and Skeptic (U.S. magazine) in 1992. The society has over 55,000 members.

The Browning Version

The Browning Version is a British drama movie from 1994. The movie is about a teacher, Andrew, having a failed life. People hate him and do not respect him. His wife, Laura, is not faithful. Andrew is forced to retire, and may not even receive a pension. Greta Scacchi plays Laura. Albert Finney plays Andrew. The runtime is almost 97 minutes.

This was released 8 June 1994.

The Birds II: Land's End

The Birds II: Land's End is a television movie from 1994. It is a horror movie, and the sequel to "The Birds" (1963). It is about birds attacking people in a house. The movie was rated R due to horror and violence.

The reviews on the movie were negative.

The Client

The Client is a 1994 American melodramatic legal crime drama movie. It was directed by Joel Schumacher. It is based on the novel of the same name. This is about murder, suicide and Mafia activities in New Orleans. Brad Renfro plays Mark Sway. Tommy Lee Jones plays Reverend Foltrigg. Susan Sarandon plays Regina Love. Mary-Louise Parker plays Dianne.

The movie was released on July 20, 1994. It got positive reviews from most critics. It made a lot of money.

Clear and Present Danger

Clear and Present Danger is a 1994 American spy movie. The movie is about agents in the CIA, FBI and murder around Washington, D.C. and Colombia involving the Cali drug cartel and corrupt powerful American politicians and bureaucrats. Harrison Ford plays Jack Ryan, who has become the Director of the CIA. Anne Archer plays his wife Cathy Ryan. Thora Birch plays his daughter Sally Ryan. Other actors who play in the movie include James Earl Jones, Willem Dafoe, Harris Yulin and James Cromwell.

This movie was released August 3, 1994. The run time is 141 minutes. Its reviews were excellent. It made a lot of money at the box office.

It is the sequel of the 1992 movie "Patriot Games".


Shannon Tweed

Shannon Tweed (born March 10, 1957) is a Canadian actress and model. She acts mostly in erotic thriller movies. In "Detroit Rock City", she played Amanda Finch.

Tweed was born in St. John's, Newfoundland.

Erotic thriller

An erotic thriller is a form of the thriller genre that involves sexuality. Many people liked this from around 1984-85 until the early 1990s. After that, not as many people liked it. It is, however, still popular.

An erotic thriller can be a book, a movie, or a television program. Examples of erotic thriller movies are "Basic Instinct", "Color of Night", "Single White Female" (1992), "Body of Evidence", "Crash" (1996) and "Basic Instinct 2" (2006).

Zimbabwe Rhodesia

Zimbabwe Rhodesia () was an unrecognized state in southern Africa. It replaced the Republic of Rhodesia from 1 June 1979 to 12 December 1979. It was replaced by the re-established British colony of Southern Rhodesia for three months before being replaced by the present day Republic of Zimbabwe.

The Simpsons: Tapped Out

The Simpsons: Tapped Out is a mobile game based on The Simpsons released in 2012 published and developed by Electronic Arts for Twentieth Century Fox and Gracie Films. Homer destroyed the entire city of Springfield. He sat and played The Happy Little Elves Game during working hours while Springfield's nuclear power plant suffered a meltdown. Homer begins then with the help of Lisa build a new Springfield. The game was released on 17 February 2012 for iOS and one for Android was released later in 2012. On 3 March 2012 the game was taken away from App Store one for a short period, when it was discovered that app had some bugs. The game features voice dialogue from the actor for the TV series. The script for the game is written by the authors of the series.

The player's task is to place the buildings and other objects in Springfield and give residents in the town of tasks to do. Every time something starts to be built or a task is started, it takes some time for the task to be completed. After it is finished the player receives a reward XP points and money, sometimes also added new features to the game. There are two currencies in the game, dollars and donuts. Donuts are game premium currency and given only occasionally free, otherwise they cost real money. Some things in the game costing dollars, while others donuts. The player can visit other players' versions of Springfield to get more points and dollars. The total friends player can have is 100 friends.

Seasonal updates are released, which have special content and events.

slidetoplay.com gave the game the highest rating, and like references to the Simpsons in the game and how fun and addictive it is. They do not like, however, that some popular stuff is premium content. CNET have compared the game with Sim City while IGN compared the game with Farmville and did not like 300 donuts cost 20 real dollars when there are games for iOS for 1-3 dollars so it makes no sense to pay over 10 dollars for a building. Macworld in Australia thought it was irritating that the player can only see the game from one angle but says that the replica characters cause much laughter.


Komla Dumor

Komla Afeke Dumor (3 October 1972 – 18 January 2014) was a Ghanaian journalist. He was born in Accra, Ghana. His grandfather was Philip Gbeho, composer of the Ghanaian national anthem. As of June 2012, Dumor was the main presenter of the BBC World News programme "Focus on Africa".

Dumor died suddenly on 18 January 2014, in London after suffering cardiac arrest.


Death and funeral of Néstor Kirchner

Néstor Kirchner was the former President of Argentina and the first Secretary General of the Union of South American Nations. He died of heart failure on the morning of 27 October 2010. He was aged 60. His wife, President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, was with him when he died. He had been expected to run for president in 2011.

Kirchner's funeral began on 28 October. His body was put on display in his coffin at the Casa Rosada. Over more than 24 hours, hundreds of thousands of people came to see him. Many Argentine politicians and eight South American leaders attended the funeral. In the afternoon the next day, his body was moved to the metropolitan airport. A procession of many people walked with his coffin from Casa Rosada. From the airport of Río Gallegos, Kirchner's body was taken to the cemetery.


Death and funeral of Margaret Thatcher

Margaret Thatcher was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990. She died of a stroke in London on 8 April 2013. She was aged 87. A ceremonial funeral was held on 17 April. It included a formal procession and then a service at St Paul's Cathedral. Her body was cremated. Her ashes were buried next to those of her husband Denis Thatcher at the Royal Hospital Chelsea in London on 28 September 2013. This was what she had wanted. She had refused a state funeral.

At the event, the crowds were peaceful. Thousands of supporters cheered and applauded. A few hundred people came to protest at Ludgate Circus, with other protesters scattered along the route. Police reported only one incident, and no arrests.

Division of Watson

The Division of Watson is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It was set up for the 1993 election to replace the abolished Division of St George. It is named after Chris Watson, the first Labor Prime Minister of Australia. 

The division is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney, including Belfield, Belmore, Burwood Heights, Campsie, Chullora, Clemton Park, Enfield, Greenacre, Lakemba, Mount Lewis, Roselands, Strathfield South and Wiley Park and parts of Ashbury, Bankstown, Beverly Hills, Burwood, Canterbury, Croydon, Croydon Park, Earlwood, Kingsgrove, Narwee, Punchbowl, Riverwood and Strathfield.

There was an earlier Division of Watson (1934-69). It was in the south-eastern suburbs of Sydney, however that Division is not connected to this one except in name.

Leo McLeay was Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives.


The Ant and the Aardvark

The Ant and the Aardvark is a series of 17 theatrical short cartoons produced at DePatie–Freleng Enterprises and released by United Artists between March 5, 1969 and June 16, 1971.

The cartoons follow attempts of a blue aardvark named Aardvark (voiced by John Byner impersonating comedian Jackie Mason), to catch and eat a red ant named Charlie (also voiced by John Byner, but impersonating Dean Martin. Aardvark does this by inhaling with a loud vacuum cleaner sound. In the episode "Rough Brunch", he claims that his name is simply "Aardvark." Charlie Ant gives his several names as sly terms of endearment (Ol' Sam, Ol' Ben, Ol' Blue, Claude, Pal, Buddy, Daddy-O). In several bumper sequences of "The Pink Panther Show", he is called "Blue Aardvark."

All the voices were provided by John Byner unless otherwise noted.

"The Ant and the Aardvark" series was originally released by United Artists. Seventeen theatrical shorts were produced in the original series, and were subsequently featured in various television syndication packages, usually shown with DFE's other characters such as the Pink Panther and The Inspector. Most of the 17 entries appear in their television syndication form (complete with an audible laugh track added by NBC-TV) on the video on demand service Amazon Video.

When "The Ant and the Aardvark" first appeared on "The New Pink Panther Show" in the fall of 1971, the series became wildly popular, so much in fact that the duo became a featured part of the NBC series. Even though the 17 entries remained popular throughout the broadcast run of "The Pink Panther Show", no new entries were produced.

The series used several unique production techniques for the period. The aardvark's body was solid blue: his only clothes—a pair of blue shorts and matching T-shirt—were a matching blue. Similarly, Charlie Ant was solid red, and did not sport any clothing. As such, the character's solid colors allowed them to stand out clearly against the multi-colored backgrounds featured prominently in the series. Charlie also sported half-closed eyes, as a sign of a bon viveur.

Musical director Doug Goodwin was responsible for the jazzy music score. Goodwin assembled an established group of jazz session musicians to perform the series' theme music and musical cues. For the first time in animated cartoons, all six musicians—Ray Brown, Billy Byers, Pete Candoli, Shelly Manne, Jimmy Rowles, and Tommy Tedesco—received on-screen credit.

Art Leonardi was responsible for the main title graphic for all DePatie-Freleng entries. For "The Ant and the Aardvark "series, Leonardi expanded on a technique first introduced for the first Pink Panther cartoon, "The Pink Phink". This entailed tearing paper into the forms of objects and characters to form stylized images.

There were additional minor characters in the series. Among them were the following:











In the German-dubbed versions of the cartoon, the male aardvark is transformed into a female anteater named Elise (Eliza). Charlie (voiced by Fred Maire) remains male; Elise is voiced by Marianne Wischmann. The cartoons are known under the title "Die blaue Elise" ("Blue Eliza").


The first revival featured the characters as part on the 1993 incarnation of "The Pink Panther". The characters remained unchanged, though unlike the original 1969-1971 cartoons, they do not appear in their own segments but rather are included in segments featuring the Pink Panther (now voiced by Matt Frewer). John Byner returned to voice both Charlie Ant and the Aardvark.

The second revival occurred in 2010 as part of "Pink Panther and Pals". Eddie Garvar voices the Aardvark, who retains his previous characterization. Kel Mitchell, using his natural voice, voices the Ant.

The complete series was digitally remastered and issued on its own single-disc DVD collection by MGM Home Entertainment/20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in 2007 as "Pink Panther and Friends, Volume 5: The Ant and the Aardvark".

The complete series reappeared in January 2009 as part of the DVD collection "Pink Panther & Friends Classic Cartoon Collection" by MGM Home Entertainment, a 9-disc DVD set containing all "Pink Panther", "Ant and the Aardvark", "Inspector" and (for the first time on DVD) "Roland and Rattfink" cartoons.

"The Ant and the Aardvark" was released onto Region 1/A Blu-ray and DVD on 27 April 2016.

Aminomethyl propanol

Aminomethyl propanol is a clear, colored liquid that neutralizes acids to create salts and water. It is used for the preparation of buffer solutions. It does not dissolve in water. It has about the same density as water.


Death and funeral of Lech Kaczyński and Maria Kaczyńska

Lech Kaczyński, the fourth President of the Republic of Poland, died on 10 April 2010. He died in a plane crash outside of Smolensk, Russia. The plane was a Tu-154 belonging to the Polish Air Force. The crash killed all 96 on board. His wife, Maria Kaczyńska, was also among those killed.

The speaker of parliament, Bronisław Komorowski, soon became Acting President by law.

After the death of Kaczyński was announced, Komorowski declared a week of mourning. It went from 11 to 18 April. A state funeral for Lech and Maria was held on the last day. Several countries observed a day of national mourning on the day of the funeral. Afterwards, the couple were buried together in a crypt in the Wawel Cathedral in Kraków.

President of the United States Barack Obama cancelled his plans. He made a public statement. He spoke of his sadness and blamed the volcanic ash that was disrupting air travel over Europe at the time.

André Gide

André Paul Guillaume Gide (22 November 1869 – 19 February 1951) was a French writer. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1947. 

Gide was born in Paris into a middle class Protestant family. During a trip to Alegeria Gide realized that he was gay. His first novel "The Notebooks of Andre Walter" was published in 1891. Gide met Oscar Wilde in 1894. In October 1895 Gide married his cousin Madeleine. When Gide was 47 15-year-old Marc Allégret became his lover.

Gide also opposed colonialism and exploitation of slavery in Africa and was interested in communism and visited Soviet Union, but he expressed critical idea on the totalitarian regime.

Death and funeral of Hugo Chávez

Hugo Chávez, the President of Venezuela, died on 5 March 2013. He was 58 years old. Because of his death, the Venezuelan constitution required an election for a new president to be held within 30 days. Vice President Nicolás Maduro became temporary president. On 14 April, he was officially elected.

Chávez' funeral was held on 8 March. Maduro originally said that Chávez' body would be embalmed and permanently displayed in a glass coffin at a military museum. However, on 13 March Maduro announced that this would not happen. This was because the government could not get prepared in the short time that had passed. Maduro extended the National Mourning for four days more, to eleven days. By the end of this, Chávez' body was moved to the Museum of the Revolution at Fort Montana. This had been where Chávez had tried to overthrow the government in 1992.

Chávez's body was never embalmed. He was buried at a cemetery in Venezuela.

Battle of Pea Ridge

The Battle of Pea Ridge was a battle which happened during the American Civil War. It was fought on March 7th and 8th, 1862 in Arkansas. The Confederates lost the battle.

Battle of Bentonville

The Battle of Bentonville was a battle which happened during the American Civil War. It was fought from March 19th to March 21st, 1865 in North Carolina. It was one of the last battles of the war. The Confederates lost the battle.

Reykjavík Summit

The Reykjavík Summit was a meeting between U.S. President Ronald Reagan and General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev.

It was held in Höfði in Reykjavík, the capital city of Iceland, on October 11–12, 1986. This was during the Cold War. The talks focused on peace between the United States and the Soviet Union. 

The talks failed near the end of the meeting. However, the progress that had been made eventually led to the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty between the two countries.

Mr. Lordi

Mr. Lordi (born 15 February 1974) is a Finnish musician, painter and graphic designer. He is the singer and songwriter for the hard rock band Lordi. He also makes all the costumes for the band. His real name is Tomi Petteri Putaansuu.

Putaansuu was born in Rovaniemi, Finland. He studied filmmaking in Tornio. While there, he created Lordi's first music video, "Inferno". He formed the band Lordi in 1992. All publicity photographs of Mr. Lordi have his face hidden behind his mask and stage makeup. He does not talk about his private life or his real name for the media.

Anti-balaka

Anti-balaka is a name for a group of Christian militias in the Central African Republic. They are the main militias fighting the Seleka rebels. Anti-balaka means "anti- machete" or "anti-sword" in the local Sango and Mandja languages.

In September 2021, Eugène Ngaïkosset, anti-balaka leader and former member of President François Bozizé's close guard, was arrested. Eugène Ngaïkosset is accused of numerous crimes in the CAR.

Bruce Dern

Bruce MacLeish Dern (born June 4, 1936) is an American actor. He was nominated for two Academy Awards, including Best Supporting Actor for "Coming Home" and Best Actor for "Nebraska".


June Squibb

June Louise Squibb (born November 6, 1929) is an American actress. She has played supporting roles in movies like "Alice", "Scent of a Woman", "The Age of Innocence", "In & Out", and "Far from Heaven". She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Nebraska" in 2013.


Rich Whitney

Rich Whitney (born April 21, 1955) is an American politician and civil rights attorney. He was the Illinois Green Party's nominee for Governor of Illinois in the elections of 2006 and 2010.


Mona Lisa (actress)

Gloria Lerma Yatco (June 22, 1922 – August 25, 2019), better known as Mona Lisa, was a Filipino movie actress. She was one of the most popular Filipino actresses of the 1940s. She resumed her movie career in the 1970s retiring for 20 years and remained in her 80s.

Her best known roles were "Insiang", "Giliw Ko", and "Cain at Abel".

Lisa died on August 25, 2019 at her home in Manila from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 97.

Janakkala

Janakkala is a municipality in Finland. 16,881 people lived there in 2013. Population centers: Turenki, Tervakoski, Leppäkoski and a village called Tarinmaa.

Neighbour municipalities, in south: Hausjärvi, Loppi and Riihimäki. Hämeenlinna is on the north.

It was founded in 1866.

Janakkalas coat of arms has been designed by Onni Oja in 1950.

26 villages:



Iberian Union

The Iberian Union was a state that governed the Iberian peninsula between 1580 and 1640. After the young king of Portugal and his uncle died, three of their relatives fought the War of the Portuguese Succession. Philip II of Spain won, thus linking the monarchies of Portugal and the Spanish branch of the House of Habsburg. This dynastic union joined the crowns of Castile, Portugal and Aragon along with their respective colonial possessions, under the rule of the Hispanic monarchy. The institutions, government and legal traditions of each kingdom remained independent of each other; they merely had the same king of Habsburg Spain. The alien laws (Leyes de extranjeria) determined that the national of one kingdom was a foreigner in all the other Iberian kingdoms. The term "Iberian union" was not used at the time, it is a creation of modern historians.

The monarchs had long wanted to unify the peninsula: They had the visigothic monarchy in mind. Sancho III of Navarre and Alfonso VII of León and Castile both took the title "Imperator totius Hispaniae", meaning "Emperor of All Hispania" centuries before. If Miguel da Paz (1498–1500), Prince of Portugal and Asturias had become king, the union could have been achieved earlier. However, he died early in his childhood.

The history of Portugal from the dynastic crisis in 1578 to the first House of Braganza monarchs was a period of transition. The Portuguese Empire's spice trade was peaking at the start of this period. Vasco da Gama had finally reached the East by sailing around Africa in 1497–98, completing the exploratory efforts started by Henry the Navigator. This opened an oceanic route for the profitable spice trade into Europe that bypassed the Middle East.

Throughout the 17th century, the increasing predations and surrounding of Portuguese trading posts in the East by the Dutch, English and French, and their rapidly growing intrusion into the Atlantic slave trade, undermined Portugal's near monopoly on the lucrative oceanic spice and slave trades. This sent the Portuguese spice trade into a long decline. To a lesser extent the diversion of wealth from Portugal by the Habsburg monarchy to help support the Catholic side of the Thirty Years' War, also created strains within the union, although Portugal did benefit from Spanish military power in helping to retain Brazil and in disrupting Dutch trade. These events, and those that occurred at the end of Aviz dynasty and the period of Iberian Union, led Portugal to a state of dependency on its colonies, first India and then Brazil.

Roberta Cowell

Roberta Elizabeth Marshall Cowell (8 April 1918 – 11 October 2011) was a British racing driver and World War II fighter pilot. She was born in Croydon, Surrey. She was also the first known British transsexual woman to undergo sex reassignment surgery.

She died on 11 October 2011 in Hampton, London. Her funeral was attended by only six people and (on her instructions) was unpublicised - her death was not publicly reported until two years later, when a profile of her was printed in "The Independent" newspaper in October 2013.

Cyclomatic complexity

Cyclomatic complexity is a measurement to see how difficult a computer program is to understand. The measurement was developed by Thomas J. McCabe, Sr. in 1976. It looks at the program's source code and measures the number of independent paths through the source code. The concept is similar to the general text complexity, which is measured by the Flesch-Kincaid Readability Test.

Cyclomatic complexity is computed using the control flow graph of the program: the nodes of the graph correspond to indivisible groups of commands of a program, and a directed edge connects two nodes if the second command might be executed immediately after the first command. Cyclomatic complexity may also be applied to individual functions, modules, methods or classes within a program.

One testing strategy, called Basis path testing by McCabe who first proposed it, is to test each linearly independent path through the program; in this case, the number of test cases will equal the cyclomatic complexity of the program.

April Ashley

April Ashley, MBE (born; 29 April 1935 – 27 December 2021) was an English model and restaurant hostess. She was one the first British people to be outed as a transsexual, this was done by the "Sunday People" in 1961.

She was also known as one of the first British people to undergo sex reassignment surgery, after racing driver and World War II fighter pilot Roberta Cowell, and the ninth in the world to have the surgery.

Ashley died on 27 December 2021 in London, at the age of 86.


Jane Kean

Jane Kean (April 10, 1923 – November 26, 2013) was an American actress, writer, and singer. Her most famous roles were as Trixie Norton on "The Honeymooners" with Jackie Gleason, and as the voice of Belle in "Mister Magoo's Christmas Carol".

Kean died on November 26, 2013 at age 90, at Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, California of complications from a fall.


Tom Laughlin

Thomas Robert "Tom" Laughlin (August 10, 1931 – December 12, 2013) was an American actor, director, screenwriter, author, educator and political activist. He was known for his role as Billy Jack on the television series "Billy Jack". He ran for President of the United States in 1992, 2004, and 2008 for the Democratic Party.

Laughlin died of complications from pneumonia on December 12, 2013 at Los Robles Hospital and Medical Center in Thousand Oaks, California.


Riihimäki

Riihimäki is a town in Finland. It locates 70 km from Helsinki to north. As of 31 August 2013, almost 30,000 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Janakkala, Hausjärvi, Hyvinkää, and Loppi.

Riihimäki's population center grew around railwaystation. Riihimäki railway station is one of the 1862 opened Helsinki-Hämeenlinna railways stations. Story tolds that this not dense populated area was simply named by the kiln what was upon a hill.


Nguyen Van Troi

Nguyen Van Troi (1947–1964) was a Vietnamese assassin. He was arrested and sentenced to death because he tried to kill United States Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while he was visiting South Vietnam. He was glorified as a national hero.

Nowadays, many streets in Vietnam are named after him. 

Internet café

An Internet café (also called a Cybercafé) is a type of café. It is a business that provides Internet access to the public, usually for a fee. It also sells coffee and food. Internet cafés were introduced in the 1990s. The spread of modern-style cafés to many places, urban and rural, went hand in hand with computers. Many Internet cafés offer wireless Internet or have computers customers can use. They also offer telephones and newspapers. Internet café users need to be aware they have less security than most private networks. They are also more exposed to malicious software, also called 'malware'.

Black Point

Jonás Joaquín Ortiz Alberto (born in 1989), is better known by his stage name Black Point (sometimes El Negro or Black Jonas Point). He is a Dominican rapper, songwriter and producer. Ortiz, along with Del Patio and Pitbull, wrote and performed the song "Watagatapitusberry". This song reached number 30 in the US Billboard Latin Songs chart and number 13 in the US Billboard Tropical Songs chart.

Black Point was born in Santo Domingo, in the Dominican Republic. He was only 8 when he started to get interested in hip hop music and start writing rap songs. His manager, Big W One, was the person that produced and record his debut song of rap on the 2000. On 2008 Black Point arrives to the Dominican Republic's radio stations gaining so much fame with themes like ""Mi mujer no era mala"", ""Amigo"" and the famous collaboration of hip hop Dominican culture, ""Capea El Dough: All Stars"".


X-DuckX

X-DuckX is a French and Canadian animated television series. The program was directed by François Reczulski in 2001. It was made by Alphanim, France 3, YTV, Super Écran and Tooncan. The series has 78 episodes.

The series tells the story of two wacky and dangerous ducks, Slax and Geextah. They are fans of extreme sports . In France, the series was first broadcast on France 3 in 2002 before being broadcast on Jetix (formerly Fox Kids) from 2004 to 2006. In Canada, "X-DuckX" was broadcast on Super Écran and YTV.

Michael Jackson (writer)

Michael Jackson (March 27, 1942 – August 30, 2007) nicknamed "Beer Hunter" was a famous British writer. He was known for being an expert about beer.

It was revealed in December 2006 that Michael Jackson "is and has been suffering for at least a decade from Parkinson's Disease." He also suffered from diabetes. Michael Jackson died of a heart attack in his home the morning of 30 August 2007 at the age of 65 in London.


Deterrence (legal)

In law, the term deterrence is used to describe the situation where punishment or threat is used to keep people from committing a crime. Both the person who committed a crime, as well as other people should be kept from committing that kind of crime. 


Magnesium sulfate

Magnesium sulfate is a chemical compound that contains magnesium, sulfur and oxygen. Its formula is MgSO.

Magnesium sulfate is used as a brewing salt in beer.

Magnesium sulfate is soluble in water.


The War of the Worlds

The War of the Worlds is an 1898 science fiction book by H. G. Wells. It is about Martians attacking Earth. A 1938 radio broadcast version by Orson Welles frightened many people, who thought it was real even though there was a warning at the start telling people it was fiction.

The book is set in Britain at the turn of the 19th century and is told by a first-person narrator. The Martians are jealous of Earth’s more livable environment and launch themselves to Earth in capsules fired from cannons. They easily defeat the human military with their giant war machines, aircraft, poison gas, and heat rays. The narrator travels through the now ruined Britain and encounters invasive alien plants, Martian robots, and the Martians themselves-- who are strange slug-like beings with tentacles who feed on human blood. Eventually, the Martian invasion is stopped when the Martians become infected by Earth germs that they have no immunity to and die.

Bert Williams

Bert Frederick Williams MBE (31 January 1920 – 19 January 2014) was an English international football goalkeeper. Nicknamed "The Cat", he spent the majority of his playing career at Wolverhampton Wanderers where he won the League Championship and FA Cup. At the time of his death Williams was the oldest living England international.


Pete Burns

Pete Burns (5 August 1959 – 23 October 2016) was an English singer. He started the band Dead or Alive in 1980. Their 1985 single "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" was number one. He has since become known for having had a lot of cosmetic surgery. He also became known for being on Celebrity Big Brother in 2006.

Burns was born on the Wirral in England to a German mother, Eva. He started school when he was seven.

In 1979 Burns was the singer of Nightmares on Wax. In 1980 he started Dead or Alive. In April 1984 Dead or Alive released their first album "Sophisticated Boom Boom". Dead or alive's second album "Youthquake" was released in May 1985. It reached number nine in the UK Albums Chart. 

In 2004 Burns released a single with the Pet Shop Boys. In 2006 "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" was released as a single for the fourth time. It reached number five in the UK Singles Chart.

In 2011 Burns was on "Celebrity Come Dine with Me".

Burns used to have "really bad depression". In 2006 he was arrested for attacking his fiancee. In 2007 Burns married Michael Simpson. Burns died in London following a sudden cardiac arrest on 23 October 2016, at the age of 57.

Aletia

Aletia is a genus of moths. It is part of the Noctuidae family.



Lamborghini Aventador

The Lamborghini Aventador LP 700-4 is a supercar made by Lamborghini. It replaced the Lamborghini Murciélago. The name Aventador comes from a fighting bull. The Aventador is also the base of the Lamborghini Veneno, a limited production hypercar.

As with the Murciélago model, the Maternal company Audi used the bullfight concept. In the advertising materials of Lamborghini, it was said that Aventador is a bull who became famous after one of the most bloody battles in Zaragoza, for which he received a ""Trofeo de la Peña La Madroñera"" which was prestigious award for courage in the arena. "LP 700-4" means technical equipment of the car, where 700 is power in hp, and 4 is a full drive.

Audi R8

The Audi R8 is a V10 sports car produced by the German company Audi, for the first time introduced in 2006 at the Paris Motor Show.

Model R8, as well as a number of other Audi auto models, is manufactured at the Quattro GmbH plant which is a subsidiary of the German company for the production of Audi AG cars, which is part of the Volkswagen AG concern. The enterprise is based in Neckculum, near Stuttgart.

The design of the car was developed by the Italian automobile designer Valter de Valva and his design team. 

Audi R8 is available to have two people inside.

The new Audi R8 of the second generation was shown on March 3, 2015 at the Geneva Motor Show.

In 2020, the Audi R8 received an updated engine line.

Azaria Alon

Azaria Alon (November 15, 1918 – January 19, 2014) was an Israeli environmentalist. He was the co-founder of the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel (SPNI). 

Alon received an Israel Prize for lifetime achievement in 2012. He had previously been cited for the Israel Prize when the SPNI won it in 1980.

Alon died on January 19, 2014 from natural causes, aged 95.

Yakuza

, known also as , are members of transnational organized crime syndicates in Japan. 

Yakuza call themselves ninkyō dantai (chivalrous organizations) which the Japanese media and police call them bōryokudan (violence group). They are the world's largest criminal organization and have about 103,000 members. The three biggest Yakuza families are Yamaguchi-gumi, Sumiyoshi-kai, and Inagawa-kai. During the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, they opened their offices to help refugees and sent dozens of trucks with supplies to affected areas.


Christopher Chataway

Sir Christopher John Chataway, PC (31 January 1931 – 19 January 2014) was a British middle- and long-distance runner, television news broadcaster, and Conservative politician. His stepson is the Conservative MP Charles Walker and his brother-in-law the former Conservative MP Peter Hordern.

He suffered from cancer for the last two and a half years of his life. He died aged 82 at St John's Hospice in north west London.


Ancel Keys

Ancel Benjamin Keys (January 26, 1904 – November 20, 2004) was an American scientist. He is known for researching human nutrition. Keys died when he was 100 years old. Keys was the cover of the January 13, 1961 issue of "Time" magazine.

He showed studies that saturated fats is the reason why heart disease is rising despite getting the results by cherrypicking the data. He has criticized some work against sugars, one example in which:It is clear that Yudkin has no theoretical basis or experimental evidence to support his claim for a major influence of dietary sucrose in the etiology of CHD; his claim that men who have CHD are excessive sugar eaters is nowhere confirmed but is disproved by many studies superior in methodology and/or magnitude to his own; and his "evidence" from population statistics and time trends will not bear up under the most elementary critical examination. But the propaganda keeps on reverberating ...

Multiple studies already proved him wrong.

Steven Fromholz

Steven Fromholz (June 8, 1945 – January 19, 2014) was an American entertainer, poet, singer and songwriter. He was the Poet Laureate of Texas in 2007.

Fromholz was born in Temple, Texas on June 8, 1945. Fromholz began performing while he was serving in the United States Navy during the 1960s. After leaving the Navy, he teamed with Dan McCrimmon to create the group Frummox. 

Fromholz died on January 19, 2014 in a hunting accident when a rifle fell and discharged in El Dorado, Houston, Texas. He was 68 years old.



General Mills

General Mills Inc. is an American corporation, focused on food products. The company's headquarters are in Golden Valley, Minnesota. It markets many well-known North American brands. Its most well-known products are cereals, such as Cheerios, Trix, and Lucky Charms. The company makes more than 100 of the leading U.S. brands.

Division of Wentworth

The Division of Wentworth is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It was one of the 75 divisions set up in 1901 for the first federal election. The division is named after William Charles Wentworth (1790–1872), an Australian explorer and politician. In 1813 he crossed the Blue Mountains with Blaxland and Lawson.

The Division, in terms of area, is the smallest in Australia. It includes the suburbs of Bellevue Hill, Bondi, Bondi Beach, Bondi Junction, Bronte, Centennial Park, Clovelly, Darlinghurst, Darling Point, Dover Heights, Double Bay, East Sydney, Edgecliff, Elizabeth Bay, Kings Cross, North Bondi, Paddington, Point Piper, Potts Point, Queens Park, Rose Bay, Vaucluse, Watsons Bay, Waverley, Woollahra and Woolloomooloo; and parts of Randwick.

Eric Harrison was a minister in the governments of Joseph Lyons and Robert Menzies. He was also deputy Leader of the Liberal Party. He resign in 1956 and became Australian High Commissioner in London. Bob Ellicott was Attorney-General from 1975–1977. He also served as Minister for Home Affairs, Minister for Capital Territory. He resigned in 1981 to become a judge on the Federal Court of Australia. John Hewson and Malcolm Turnbull both served as Leaders of the Opposition, and Turnbull served as Prime Minister from 2015 to 2018. Peter King lost Liberal Party support, and decided to become an independent. He was banned from the Liberal Party for 10 years.

After Malcolm Turnbull was removed as Prime Minister by the Liberal Party he resigned from the Parliament. A by-election was held for the seat which was one by an independent candidate, Kerryn Phelps.


Caspar Weinberger

Caspar Willard "Cap" Weinberger, GBE (August 18, 1917March 28, 2006), was an American politician and businessman. As a prominent Republican he served in a variety of prominent state and federal positions for three decades, including Chairman of the California Republican Party, 1962-68. Most notably he was appointed Secretary of Defense under Republican President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1987.
He was awarded both the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1987 and an honorary British knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II.

Weinberger was born in San Francisco, California on August 18, 1917. He studied at Harvard College and at Harvard Law School. Weinberger married Jane Weinberger in 1942. Their marriage would last until Weinberger's death. They had two children.

Weinberger was treated for and died from complications of pneumonia at Eastern Maine Medical Center in Bangor, Maine, aged 88.

Weinberger was born in San Francisco, California in 1917. His parents had been Jewish but by the time Weinberger was born they were not members of any synagoge or church. Weinberger later joined the Episcopalian Church. He had health problems as a boy, but did well in high school and was accepted to Harvard University. While in college, he edited the "Harvard Crimson", the university's student newspaper. He graduated with a Juris Doctor degree in 1941.

Soon after he graduated from Harvard, Weinberger joined the United States Army. When Japan attacked the US Navy at Pearl Harbor in December of that year, Weinberger went to war in the Pacific Theatre of World War II. By the end of the war he served in intelligence, and became interested in politics. He came to admire Winston Churchill, who was a personal hero of Weinberger. After he left the army he went back to his hometown of San Francisco where he worked as a law clerk and a lawyer.

In 1952 he ran for the California state assembly. Here he was well known for being a major supporter water infrastructure projects and for trying to stop a freeway from being built through downtown San Francisco (the freeway was built, but it was torn down in 1989). He ran for Attorney General. Although he lost, he became the chairman of the California Republican Party. He served in a number of jobs in California before running the Federal Trade Commission, where he became known for enforced laws meant to protect consumers.

President Richard Nixon appointed Weinberger as the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was nicknamed "Cap the Knife" because he was good at cutting wasteful spending. When Ronald Reagan was elected President in 1980, Weinberger was appointed Secretary of Defense, the job responsible for military affairs. While at this job he saw a military buildup meant to be a force against Soviet aggression. He felt that if the United States had a stronger military it could better deal with the Soviet Union.

Weinberger was Secretary of Defense during the Iran Contra scandal, which involved selling guns to Iran to give money to a group of rebels in Nicaragua called the Contras, who were fighting the socialist dictatorship there. Weinberger didn't want to do this but he did not prevent it from happening. In the early 1990s he was investigated for it, but wasn't charged with a crime.

In 1987, Weinberger retired from the defense department. He is often given credit for helping to end the Cold War peacefully by increasing pressure on the Soviets with military spending. Some histories criticize him for not stopping the Iran Contra deal. He was awarded the Medal of Freedom by the US and was a knighted as a Member of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II of England.

In 1989, Weinberger joined Forbes magazine as an editor. He wrote a book in 1990 called Fighting for Peace. Along with his wife Jane (who helped start him in politics), Weinberger retired to Mount Desert Island in Maine, near Acadia National Park. He died in 2006 at the age of 88 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery


National University of La Plata

The National University of La Plata (, UNLP) is one of the national universities in the Argentine city of La Plata. The university was founded in 1905 by Dr. Joaquín Víctor González.




Brackenheim

With an area of of vineyards, it is the biggest grape-growing municipality in Württemberg.


University of Chile

The University of Chile is a institution of higher education in the city of Santiago de Chile.


Lucky Charms

Lucky Charms is an American brand of cereal made by General Mills. It first appeared in stores in 1964. Its two main ingredients are toasted oat pieces and colored marshmallows.

Oats (Whole grain), Ayse (flour), marshmallows (sugar, modified starch/modified corn starch, corn syrup, dextrose, gelatin, calcium carbonate, yellow 5 & yellow 6, blue 1, red 40), artificial flavor, sugar, corn syrup, corn starch, salt, calcium carbonate, food coloring/artificial color, trisodium phosphate, zinc, and iron.

In 2005, another form of the cereal was made, Chocolate Charms. Then later being followed by Lucky Charm Treats. After these changes proved to increase sales, General Mills decided to make changes to the cereal periodically.

Battle of the Winwaed

The Battle of the Winwaed () was fought on 15 November 655 between the forces of Kings Penda of Mercia and Oswiu of Bernicia. The outcome of the battle was a major victory for Oswiu and a restoration of Northumbrian dominance of Anglo-Saxon England.

Several events led to the battle of the Winwaed. King Oswald of Northumbria was considered the or overlord over the other Anglo-Saxon kingdoms in England. Penda of Mercia defeated and killed Oswald of Northumbria in 642 at the battle of Maserfield. This left Penda the most powerful king in England. Penda did not claim to be the overlord, however. When his brother Oswald was killed, Oswiu of Northumbria claimed the throne of Bernicia but was not able to rule Deira. It was a year before Oswiu felt it was safe enough to recover his brother's body from the battlefield where he was killed. To appease Penda Oswiu gave his daughter in marriage to Penda's son Peada. Also Oswiu agreed to the marriage of his son Alfrith and Penda's daughter Cyneburh. Still, Penda was not satisfied. He was determined to destroy Oswiu. In 654 Penda raised a large army of some thirty 'legions'. Then, about 653, Penda began raiding into Bernicia.

In a series of battles fought all across Northumbria, Oswiu kept being pushed back until he reached the far north of his kingdom. When Osiwu wanted peace, Penda took Oswiu's son Ecgfrith as a hostage. Oswiu also made an offer of tribute to Penda if he would bring an end to the hostilities. According to Nennius, Oswiu gave Penda all the treasure he had which Penda gave to his Briton allies. But Bede claims Penda turned down the offer of treasure as tribute. Penda took his army and left Bernicia. It was at this point, according to Bede, that Oswiu with a much smaller force attacked Penda's army. He caught up with Penda on the banks of the flooded Winwaed river. Some of Penda's allies deserted him and decided not to fight. But probably catching Penda's main force by surprise Oswiu's army fell upon the Mercians without mercy. Penda and most of the leaders of his 'thirty legions' were killed. Also killed with Penda was king Aethelhere of East Anglia. One of those who also withdrew and did not engage in the battle was Oswiu's nephew, King Athelwald of Deira. He had guided Penda through Northumbria and been his ally against his to dominance had a major impact in 7th century England. Athelwald was either killed or went into exile. From this time Oswiu became the or overlord over all the southern English people including Mercia. Mercia was then divided. North of the River Trent was controlled directly by Oswiu. He made Peada of Mercia, Penda's son, king over the part of Mercia south of the Trent. Peada had married Oswiu's daughter, Alflaed. Peada was murdered five months later by Alflaed, possibly on Oswiu's orders. Mercians rebelled against Oswiu and Peada's brother Wulfhere became king of Mercia.


Miyazawa Kenji

Miyazawa's first collection of children's stories and fairy tales was "The Restaurant of Many Orders" (, '). Another famous work of his was "Night on the Galactic Railroad" (, ').

Hanamaki, Iwate

Hanamaki is a city in the Iwate Prefecture of Japan. Hanamaki is famous as the birth place of poet Kenji Miyazawa. There are many places and museums related to Kenji Miyazawa in the city.

Kitakami, Iwate

Kitakami city is in the southwest of Iwate prefecture on the main island of Japan. Kitakami has a population of more than 93,000. The city is famous for the sakura that bloom in Tenshochi Park, which is regarded as one of the hundred best places in Japan to view cherry blossoms.

Hideyo Noguchi

He was born in Inawashiro, Fukushima. He worked at the Institute of Infectious Diseases as a doctor. When he was 24, he went to the United States. In 1928, he moved to Ecuador, where there were many cases of yellow fever. He went to find the bacteria that caused it. After arriving there, he was able to identify the bacteria as yellow fever, and developed a vaccine. This quickly reduced the number of people dying of yellow fever in South America.
In 1928, while researching yellow fever in Accra, he was infected by yellow fever and died.

William F. Buckley Jr.

William Frank Buckley, Jr. (November 24, 1925 – February 27, 2008) was an American conservative author and commentator. He founded the political magazine "National Review" in 1955, which had a big impact on the American conservative movement. He supported Barry M. Goldwater and Ronald Reagan. 

He hosted 1,429 episodes of the television show "Firing Line" from 1966 until 1999, where he became known for his transatlantic accent and wide vocabulary. He also wrote a nationally syndicated newspaper column, and wrote many spy novels.

Buckley was born November 24, 1925, in New York City. He was of Irish descent. As a child he lived in Mexico and learned Spanish. He studied in France and England and learned their languages. In 1950, Buckley married Patricia Buckley. They had a son, Christopher.

Buckley died at his home in Stamford, Connecticut, on February 27, 2008. Initially, it was reported that he was found dead at his desk in his study, a converted garage. At the time of his death, he had been suffering from emphysema and diabetes. His cause of death was soon ruled as emphysema.


Agnotology

Agnotology is a branch of pseudo-science which looks at the ways in which doubt or ignorance about certain subjects is created. A very good example of how this happens is the publication of scientific studies that rely on data that is inaccurate, misleading or intentionally ignored for commercial schemes. More generally, the term also highlights the increasingly common condition where more knowledge of a subject leaves one more uncertain than before due to religious brainwashing limitation. A private schools, willfully ignorant deception and special pleading psychotic reactionary pseudo-science scam entrails called a science erroneously for the sake of criminals.

The neologism was coined by Robert N. Proctor,
a Stanford University professor specializing in the history of science and technology. Proctor cites the tobacco industry's conspiracy to manufacture doubt about the cancer risks of tobacco use as a very good example of how this can be done. Under the banner of science, the industry produced research about everything except tobacco hazards to exploit public uncertainty.

The way in which media attention works can be exploited to produce ignorance. Other factors that influence it are that corporations or governments do not reveal certain facts. At times, they force these facts to be removed if they have been revealed. The methods they use include censorship, destroying documents, putting the weight of certain facts differently, or being inattentive or forgetful.

Agnotology also focuses on how and why diverse forms of knowledge do not "come to be," or are ignored or delayed. For example, knowledge about plate tectonics was censored and delayed for at least a decade because key evidence was classified military information related to underseas warfare.

Neologism

Neologism is a word that is new (15 to 20 years or less) but older and used more than a protologism. Neologisms are often directly attributable to a specific person, publication, period, or event. (Greek: a "new word", or the act of creating a new word) is a synonym for it. The term "neologism" was first used in English in 1772, borrowed from French "néologisme" (1734).

Using an existing word or phrase in a new context is also called "neologism". The process of using a word in such a new context is sometimes called a semantic extension. A new word that has not been used by anyone but the inventer is a "protologism".

In psychiatry, the term "neologism" is used to describe the use of words that have meaning only to the person who uses them, independent of their common meaning. This tendency is considered normal in children. In adults, it can be a symptom of psychopathy or a thought disorder, such as a psychotic mental illness, for example schizophrenia. People with autism may also create neologisms. Additionally, use of neologisms may be related to aphasia acquired after brain damage resulting from a stroke or head injury.

In theology, a neologism is a relatively new doctrine (for example, Transcendentalism). In this sense, a neologist is one who proposes either a new doctrine or a new interpretation of source material such as religious texts.


Gross (unit)

1 gross is a unit of measurement, for countable items. It is equal to 12 dozen, or 144 pieces. In the same manner, a dozen gross, or 1728 items is called great gross. Small gross or great hundred is used to refer to ten dozen items. If a shop is advertizing to sell a product" en gros", this means that it will sell larger quantities.

Corn starch

Corn starch (or cornflour, sometimes also called maizena) is the starch taken from corn grain. It is used in many ways, mainly in the making of corn syrup, other sugars, snack foods, sweets and beer. Like starch from other sources, it is also used for starching laundry and for industrial uses.

Acorn Stores

Acorn Stores were a chain of clothing shops in the United States. The company closed in until 2008. The stores were originally part of the Michael L. Wallace Inc, until they were bought by Christopher & Banks in November 2004.

Nucleus (brain)

A nucleus in anatomy is a brain structure (plural = nuclei). It is a compact cluster of neurons. Each cluster is doing a job for the brain. 

Nuclei are one of the two common forms of nerve cell organization. The other is the layered structures such as the cerebral cortex or the cerebellar cortex. The same kind of cell cluster in the peripheral nervous system is called a ganglion. Some of the traditional names for brain nuclei also use that word.

In anatomical sections, a nucleus usually shows up as a region of grey matter, often bordered by white matter. The vertebrate brain contains "hundreds" of nuclei, which vary in shape and size. A nucleus may have a complex internal structure, with several types of neurons arranged in clumps (subnuclei) or layers.

We have the impression of our brain working as "one thing". Actually, that's a mirage. All the parts work together so that we don't notice the way it is done. We just see a "picture of the world", and we think almost without thinking.


Open world

An open world, sometimes called a sandbox world, is a video game design point. It describes the game as free-form, or allows the player to do quests or jobs with no relation to the plot of the game.
Some examples include the "Grand Theft Auto" games, "Arma 3", or "".

Moominpappa

Moominpappa ("Muminpappan", i.e. "The Moomin Dad") - is a character in the Moomin series of books by Finnish author Tove Jansson.

Moominpappa was an orphan. He left the orphanage to see the world. But now he has settled down. Moominpappa wants to be a responsible father to his family: his wife Moominmamma and their son Moomintroll. He attracted to the sea but does not know why. He is almost always wearing his black . Inside the hat is painted: "M.P. from your M.M." to make it different from all the other top hats in the world. Moominpappa also lived on a ship with three Hattifatteners for a few days. He wanted to watch their behaviour.

According to his family, he writes down all of his adventures in a book called "Memoirs". He once said that because so many adventures happen to him, he might never finish the book.

According to Moomintroll, he can fix anything if he is able to get around to it.

Industrial park

An industrial park is an area made for industrial development. It is similar to a business park or an office park. An industrial park can have factories, oil refineries, and warehouses. They can also have other industrial buildings.

Industrial parks are normally built away from places where people live. They can usually be accessed in more than one way. The most common ways are by road and train. 

Artemisia Gentileschi

Artemisia Gentileschi (July 8, 1593 – c. 1656) was an Italian Baroque painter. 

Gentileschi was born in Rome in 1593. This was at the start of Baroque painting. She was the first child of the Tuscan painter Orazio Gentileschi. Artemisia trained in his workshop for a number of years before making works herself. She was influenced by the painter Caravaggio. 

Gentileschi's first signed and dated painting was "Susanna and the Elders". It was dated 1610, which was when she was 17. In 1616, Gentileschi became the first woman member of the "Accademia del Disegno" (the Florentine Academy of Art). 

Her most well-known painting is "Judith Beheading Holofernes". 

Gentileschi moved to Naples in 1630 and visited London, England in 1639. Gentileschi died in Naples, but the exact date is unknown. It was some time after 1654.

Gentileschi was not included in the history of 17th-century art after her death. Many of her paintings were thought to have been made by her father or students of Caravaggio. Scholars started paying attention to her work in the early 1900's. In the 1970s she became a champion of second wave feminist art historians. Artist Judy Chicago included a place setting for Gentileschi in the 1979 art installation "The Dinner Party".

In 2020, the National Gallery, London held a retrospective of Gentileschi's work entitled "Artemisia".

Gentileschi's work is in museums including the Museo del Prado in Madrid, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, the Uffizi in Florence, Italy, and the National Gallery, London.



Siedah Garrett

Siedah Garrett (born June 24, 1958) is an American singer. She sung a song with Michael Jackson called "I Just Can't Stop Loving You". She also wrote "Man in the Mirror" with Glen Ballard. She won the 2008 Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.

Garrett was born Debra Christine in Los Angeles.

She announced that she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis when performing at the "Race To Erase MS" event in 2017.



Battle of Maserfield

The Battle of Maserfield () was fought on 5 August 642. It was mainly between the armies of the Christian king Oswald of Northumbria and the pagan King Penda of Mercia. The battle ended in Oswald's death and his army's defeat. The site of the battle is reported to be at Oswestry in Shropshire.

King Oswald's uncle, King Edwin of Northumbria, was killed at the Battle of Hatfield Chase in 633 by Penda and his ally Cadwallon ap Cadfan. After the battle Cadwallon and Penda began slaughtering the people of Northumbria. This included men, women and children. Northumbria fell apart and was divided into its two former kingdoms of Deira and Bernicia. Oswald defeated and killed Cadwallon ap Cadfan at the Battle of Heavenfield in 634. After that Oswald reunited Northumbria into a single kingdom. Oswald was considered a "" by Bede, the fourth such overlord over the other Anglo-Saxon kings. Penda remained a constant threat but was kept busy fighting the East Angles and making new alliances with the Welsh. Oswald also created several similar alliances in an effort to contain Penda. About 638 he won a battle against Owen Map Bili, the king of Strathclyde near Edinburgh. In 640 Oswald recovered the kingdom of Lindsey from Penda.

There is no record of what led to this battle or why this place. As a pagan, Penda would not have been happy over Oswald bringing monks from Iona to Lindisfarne, further expanding Christianity in the north. The conquest of the Gododdin at Din Eidyn (Edinburgh) in 638 removed the last stronghold of the Britons in the north. Domnall Brecc, King of Dal Riata defeated them and was a close ally of Oswald. Northumbrians may have been there also. It would have angered the Welsh, Britons themselves, against Oswald. In 642 the armies of Northumbria and Mercia (with his Welsh allies) met at a place called Maserfield (probably in Shropshire). Oswald was killed in the battle. For a year after the battle his head and hands were fastened to stakes. Oswald's brother Oswiu finally recovered Oswald's body. Oswiu succeeded Oswald as king of Northumbria.

The battle of Maserfield left Penda "the most formidable king in England." Following the battle, Deira, in the southern part of Northumbria, chose a king of its own, Oswine. Bernicia in the north was ruled by Oswald's brother Oswiu. The immediate effect of the battle was to weaken and divide Northumbria. The long term effect was that Oswiu restored Northumbrian power over the next 13 years. He finally defeated and killed Penda at the Battle of Winwaed in 655.


Rockjumper

Rockjumpers are a genus ("Chaetops") and family (Chaetopidae) of small birds. They are found in southern Africa, around the Lesotho highlands and South Africa. The birds are omnivorous, meaning that they eat both plants and animals.

There are two species: the Cape Rockjumper and the Drakensberg Rockjumper. The two species have very similar appearances. They are mostly brown and red with plumage. They also have long white and black tails, black throats, orange bellies, and grey and black patterned backs and wings. The closest relative to the birds, although being very different in appearance are the Picathartes.

Southern Lebanon

Southern Lebanon is an area of Lebanon. It includes the South Governorate and the Nabatiye Governorate. These two governorates were separated from the same province in the early 1990s. The Rashaya and Western Beqaa Districts, the southernmost districts of the Beqaa Governorate, in Southern Lebanon are sometimes included in this area. The main cities of the region are Sidon, Tyre, Jezzine and Nabatiyeh.

Most of the people in the cazas of Bint Jbeil, Tyre, and Nabatieh in Southern Lebanon are Shi'a Muslims. Some Christians live there also. The people in Sidon are mostly Sunnis. In the rest of the caza of Sidon, the people are mostly Shi'a Muslim. There are also many Christians. The Christians are mainly Greek Catholics. The people in the cazas of Jezzine and Marjeyoun are mainly Christians. There are also some Shia Muslims. In the villages of Ain Ebel, Debel, Qaouzah, and Rmaich there are only Christian Maronites. In the caza of Hasbaya most of the people are Druzes.


Binyavanga Wainaina

Binyavanga Wainaina (18 January 1971 – 21 May 2019) was a Kenyan writer. In July 2002 he won the Caine Prize For African Writing for his short story "Discovering Home". He started "Kwani?" magazine. His first book, "One Day I Will Write About This Place", was published in 2011.

Wainaina was born in Nakuru.

In 2014 he tweeted that he is gay. In 2016, he was diagnosed with HIV.

Wainaina died after a stroke in Nairobi on 21 May 2019, aged 48. 

Shonda Rhimes

Shonda Rhimes (born January 13, 1970) is an American screenwriter and producer. She is best known for making "Grey's Anatomy" and "Private Practice". Rhimes was born in Chicago, Illinois. Her first book will be published in 2015.

Oswestry

Oswestry (), is one of the United Kingdom's oldest border towns. It is the largest market town and civil parish in Shropshire, England, close to the Welsh border. Oswestry is the third largest town in Shropshire, following Telford and Shrewsbury. The 2001 Census recorded the population of the civil parish as 15,613, and the urban area as 16,660. In 2008 the latter figure was estimated to have increased to 17,116. The town is five miles (8 km) from the Welsh border, Oswestry has a mixed Welsh and English heritage. It is the home of the Shropshire libraries' Welsh Collection. 

The Battle of Maserfield is thought to have been fought here in 642 between Penda of Mercia and Oswald of Northumbria. Oswald was killed in this battle. According to legend, one of his arms was carried to an ash tree by a raven. Miracles were then attributed to the tree (as Oswald was considered a saint). The Welsh who held this area at the time called it "Croes-Oswellt" (meaning Oswald's cross). During the Anglo-Saxon period the town was called Oswald's Tree. Later this became Oswestry.

Mike Patton

Michael Allan "Mike" Patton (born January 27, 1968) is an American singer. He is best known for being the singer of Faith No More. 

In 1984 when he was 15 years old he started Mr. Bungle. In 1989 he became the singer of Faith No More. Patton wrote all the lyrics for the band's third album, "The Real Thing". In 1991 Mr. Bungle released their first album, "Mr Bungle.".

In 1995 Patton released three albums. Faith No More's fifth album "King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime" was released on March 28, 1995.

Mr Bungle released their second album "Disco Volante" on October 10, 1995. 

Faith No More broke up in 1998. Patton started a noise band called Fantômas with Buzz Osborne and Dave Lombardo. In 1999 Patton started Tomahawk. He also started a record label called Ipecac Recordings with Greg Werckman. Mr Bungle released their last album "California" on June 13, 1999.

Patton started the band Peeping Tom in 2000. He also joined Lovage. In 2001 Tomahawk released their first album. Patton sang on The Dillinger Escape Plan's third EP, "Irony Is a Dead Scene". He sung on Handsome Boy Modeling School's 2004 album "White People". In 2005 he released an album with Melt-Banana called "Animali In Calore Surriscaldati Con Ipertermia Genitale/Cat in Red". In 2006 Patton joined John Zorn's Moonchild Trio. Peeping Tom released their first album "Peeping Tom". In 2009 Faith No More got back together. Patton made most of the soundtrack for the 2009 movie "Crank: High Voltage".

On May 4 2010 Patton's third solo album "Mondo Cane" was released. Patton made the album with a forty-member orchestra and fifteen-piece backing band.

Ehlers–Danlos syndromes

Ehlers–Danlos syndrome (EDS) is a rare genetic connective tissue disorder. There is no cure. The symptoms include unusually stretchy skin, double-jointedness, flat feet, joint pain, as well as early onset arthritis. More rare and severe forms of the condition also affect the veins (Vascular EDS) and in very rare cases the major organs are affected. There are six main types of EDS. They are:

Miuccia Prada

Miuccia Prada (born Maria Bianchi; 10 May 1949) is an Italian fashion designer. She designs for Prada. In 1992 she started a second fashion label, Miu Miu. Prada is the youngest granddaughter of Mario Prada. She was born in Milan.

She met Patrizio Bertelli in 1977, and married him a year later.


Vern Benson

Vernon Adair Benson (September 19, 1924 – January 20, 2014) was an American baseball player. He was an infielder/outfielder, coach, scout and interim manager in American Major League Baseball. 

Benson died on January 20, 2014 in Granite Quarry, North Carolina from natural causes at the age of 89.


Georgi Slavkov

Georgi Slavkov (; April 11, 1958 – January 21, 2014) was a Bulgarian football player.

Slavkov scored 61 goals in 112 games for Trakia between 1976 and 1982.

With CSKA Sofia he played between 1982 and 1986, scoring 48 goals. Then he was transferred to the French club AS Saint-Étienne. He finished his career in Portugal in 1992.

Between 1978 and 1983, he won 37 caps for Bulgaria and scored 11 goals.

Georgi Slavkov died suddenly on Jan 21, 2014 in Plovdiv after suffering a heart attack at the age of 55.


Akkineni Nageswara Rao

Akkineni Nageswara Rao (20 September 1923 – 22 January 2014) was an Indian movie actor and producer. He worked in the Telugu cinema. He became a famous stage artiste. He was known for playing female characters because women at that time were prohibited from acting.

Rao died on 22 January 2014 in Hyderabad from cancer aged 90. 


Roy Dotrice

Roy Dotrice, OBE (26 May 1923 – 16 October 2017) was a British actor. He was known for his Tony Award-winning Broadway performance in the revival of "A Moon for the Misbegotten".

Dotrice was born in Guernsey on 26 May 1923. One of his daughters, Michele, was famous for playing the role of Betty, the wife of Frank Spencer in the BBC sitcom Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em.

Dotrice recorded audiobooks for each book in George R. R. Martin's series "A Song of Ice and Fire". He earned a place in the Guinness World Records in 2004 for the highest number of character voices by a single actor for the first book in the series, "A Game of Thrones" (in which he voiced a total of 224 characters).

Dotrice died on 16 October 2017 in London at the age of 94.


Ara Parseghian

Ara Raoul Parseghian (; May 21, 1923 – August 2, 2017) was an American-Armenian football player and coach. Parseghian guided the University of Notre Dame to NCAA Division I national championships in 1966 and 1973. He was thought of being one of the best coaches in Notre Dame history.

Parseghian died at his home in Granger, Indiana on the morning of August 2, 2017 from an infection caused after having hip surgery at the age of 94.



Lou Holtz

Louis Leo "Lou" Holtz (born January 6, 1937) is a retired American football coach, and active sportscaster, author, and motivational speaker. 

He served as the head football coach at The College of William & Mary (1969–1971), North Carolina State University (1972–1975), the University of Arkansas (1977–1983), the University of Minnesota (1984–1985), the University of Notre Dame (1986–1996), and the University of South Carolina (1999–2004).

Holtz was born in Follansbee, West Virginia on January 6, 1937. He grew up in East Liverpool, Ohio. Holtz studied at Kent State University.


Mr. Peabody &amp; Sherman

Mr. Peabody & Sherman is a 2014 American-British 3D-computer animated comedy adventure movie directed by Rob Minkoff. It stars Ty Burrell, Ariel Winter, Max Charles, Stephen Colbert, and Leslie Mann. It has been released on February 7, 2014 in the United Kingdom and on March 7, 2014 in the United States.


Ty Burrell

Tyler Gerald "Ty" Burrell (born August 22, 1967) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Phil Dunphy in the ABC comedy "Modern Family". He has won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series twice, in 2011 and 2014, and has been nominated another three times (in 2010, 2012 and 2013) for his role as Phil Dunphy.

Burrell was born on Grants Pass, Oregon on August 22, 1967.


Sabbath

A sabbath is a day reserved for rest or prayer, usually each week. The word "Sabbath" comes from the Hebrew word "Shabbat" (). This word is built from the Hebrew root "Sh-B-T," meaning rest. 

In the Hebrew Bible, or "Tanakh," the root "Sh-B-T" is used to describe God resting on the seventh day. This is the day after He finished creating the universe. In the Bible, the idea of "Shabbat," or "Sabbath," as a holy day of rest starts there.

Remembering and keeping Sabbath is also one of the Ten Commandments. From that, the Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Christianity and Islam) all have a tradition of a holy day of rest or prayer set aside every week. These days are now very different from each other, including which day of the week they fall on.


In addition:


Melville Island

Melville Island is the name of several islands:


Melville Island (Australia)

Melville Island is an island in the eastern Timor Sea. It is part of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is located off the coast of Arnhem Land and north of Darwin. The island is called Yermalner in the native Tiwi language. Melville is about in size. It is the second-largest island in Australia, after Tasmania.

The name Melville is for Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville, first lord of the Admiralty. The much larger Melville Island in northern Canada was also named after him.

Melville Island and nearby Bathurst Island are together called the Tiwi Islands. The Tiwi are the indigenous people that live on the islands. Their creation stories suggest that Indigenous Australians have lived on the Tiwi Islands for at least 7,000 years.

The largest community on the island is Milikapiti. About 559 people live in Milikapiti. The second village is Pirlangimpi, 27 kilometres west of Milipakpiti. About 440 people live here. About 30 more people live in five family outstations.


Epiglottis

The epiglottis is a thin flap in the oesophagus. It is the top part of the larynx. It closes to stop food from going down the trachea. It opens to allow breathing.

Aberdeen, Hong Kong

Aberdeen is a town and area in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.

Aberdeen usually refers to the town but it can also be used to refer to the areas Wong Chuk Hang, Ap Lei Chau and Tin Wan. The population of Aberdeen was 163,459 in 2011. Aberdeen Harbour is the harbor between the town and Ap Lei Chau. It is a popular tourist spot and is one of the nine harbors in Hong Kong. Aberdeen is also known for its floating village which has around 600 junks and 6,000 people living there. The town was named after George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen; the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1852 to 1855.

Aberdeen attracts many tourists because it is close to Ocean Park. It also attracts many tourists because of its floating village and floating restaurants on the water. There are some people that live on boats in the harbour. 

United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change

The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change is an international treaty, that was signed on 9 May 1993 and entered into force on 21 March 1994. It wants to slow the speed at which the climate of the earth changes. It also wants to avert the risk of a climate change that is harmful to mankind. 154 countries signed the treaty in 1992 in New York. Today, 197 countries are member of the treaty. These countries meet once a year to agree on politics against global warming. first had its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. In 1996, they moved to Bonn, Germany. The agreement officially started working in 1994. The UNFCCC also refers to the organization that helps run the agreement, and they have offices in Bonn, Germany.


Peter Capaldi

Peter Dougan Capaldi (born 14 April 1958) is a Scottish actor, director and writer. He portrayed the 12th Doctor in "Doctor Who". He won an Academy Award for best Live Action Short Film for writing and directing the movie "Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life" in 1995. He has been in various movies and television programs in the United Kingdom, including "In the Loop", "The Fifth Estate", "The Thick of It" and "The Musketeers". 

He also portrayed one of the professors in "World War Z". He starred as Rabbit in the 2018 Disney movie "Christopher Robin".

Capaldi was born on 14 April 1958 in Glasgow, Scotland, the son of Nancy Soutar and Gerald John Capaldi. His mother's side of the family was Scottish and Irish. His father's side was Italian. 

Abu Nidal

Abu Nidal () (May 1937 – 16 August 2002), born Sabri Khalil al-Banna (), was the founder of Fatah – The Revolutionary Council (), a militant Palestinian separatist group also known as the Abu Nidal Organization (ANO). At the height of his power in the 1970s and 1980s, Abu Nidal was mostly known as the most merciless of the Palestinian political leaders. He told "Der Spiegel" in a rare interview in 1985: "I am the evil spirit which moves around only at night causing ... nightmares."

Duke of Orléans

The title Duke of Orléans is an old French Dukedom that was highly regarded whilst the country was a monarchy. The title was usually used by a younger son of a reigning King and was passed from father to son. During the reign of Louis XIV of France the title was used by his only broth Philippe who as a "Son of France" was known simply as "Monsieur". At the death of Philippe in 1701 the Dukes only held the rank of Prince of the blood but maintained their rank due to being descended from a son of a previous king. The holder of the title was entitled to be addressed as Your Serene Highness but this was used in writing only. The present day House of Orléans is descended from this line and takes its name from the prestigious title. 

As princes of the blood they ranked above that of the Princes of Condé the Princes of Conti as well as the Count of Soissons. 

The Dukes main seat was the Palais Royal in Paris and the lavish Château de Saint Cloud outside the capital as well as countless other residences. The Duke and his wife were also entitled to their own apartment in the Palace of Versailles.


Grey matter

Grey matter (or gray matter) is a main component of the central nervous system. It is composed of neurons (that is, the cells usually called 'brain cells') and glial cells. By contrast, the white matter is composed of long-range myelinated axon tracts (nerve fibres) and glial cells.

The colour difference arises mainly from the whiteness of myelin. In living tissue, grey matter actually has a very light grey colour with yellowish or pinkish hues, which come from capillary blood vessels and neuronal cell bodies.

Glial cell

Glial cells are support cells for the nervous system. In Greek, Glia means "glue". Glia are said to be the glue of the nervous system. Glia occur in both grey matter and white matter.

Glia are thought to have four main functions:

Glia may have more functions than just these four.

A type of glial cell are thought to play a role in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS or motor neurone disease), Alzheimer's disease (a type of dementia) and Parkinson's disease.

The microglia are the macrophages of the nervous system. In these neurodegenerative disorders, it is thought that the microglia digest healthy brain cells, causing the degeneration of brain function. This is especially true for Parkinson's disease, where the Glia break down dopaminergic cells, causing the symptoms associated with Parkinson's.

Tommy Robinson

Stephen Yaxley-Lennon (born 27 November 1982), known as Tommy Robinson, is an English anti-Islam campaigner, and convicted criminal. 

He is the former leader of the European Defence League and English Defence League. In October 2013, he left the far-right group after four years. In January 2014, he was sentenced to 18 months in prison.

Robinson was born on 27 November 1982 in Luton, Bedfordshire. He is a strong supporter of free speech. He opposes internet censorship. He is best known for his far-right politics and has received criticism about islamophobia.

He has been in prison for different crimes, for example a violent crime and because he travelled using another person's passport.
In May 2018, he was arrested. This was because he was making a video outside a trial of hebephilic groomers in Leeds, West Yorkshire. Despite the defendants calling for a misstrial due to his actions, the judge is quoted saying that nothing Tommy Robinson said on the live stream could have influenced the jury as the verdict had already been reached.

Riz Ortolani

Riziero "Riz" Ortolani (25 March 192623 January 2014) was an Italian movie composer. He composed many movies such as "Africa Addio" (1966), "" (2003), "" (2004), "Drive" (2011) and "Django Unchained" (2012).

Kaye Ballard

Kaye Ballard (born Catherine Gloria Balotta; November 20, 1925 – January 21, 2019) was an American musical theatre, television actress, comedienne, and singer.

She was known for her role as Kaye Buell on the NBC sitcom "The Mothers-in-Law".

Ballard died of heart failure at her home in Rancho Mirage, California on January 21, 2019 at the age of 93.


Darren Hayes

Darren Stanley Hayes (born 8 May 1972) is an Australian singer-songwriter. He was born in Brisbane. He was the singer of Savage Garden. Savage Garden released two albums before they broke up in 2001. In January 2002 Hayes released his first solo single "Insatiable". His first solo album, "Spin", was released in April 2002. It has sold over 5 million copies.

In 1993 Hayes joined Savage Garden. In 1997 the band released "Savage Garden". Eight singles were released from the album. In 1999 Savage Garden's second and last studio album, "Affirmation", was released. In 2002 Hayes' first solo album "Spin" was released. In 2004 "The Tension and the Spark" was released. In 2007 Hayes released his third album "This Delicate Thing We've Made" on his own record label, Powdered Sugar. In 2009 he released his fourth album "We Are Smug". In 2011 "Secret Codes and Battleships" was released.

In 2006 Hayes came out as gay.


Rob Ford

Robert Bruce "Rob" Ford (May 28, 1969 – March 22, 2016) was a Canadian politician and businessman. He was the sixty-fourth Mayor of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Before he was elected mayor, Ford was a city councilor. He was first elected to Toronto City Council in the 2000 Toronto municipal election. He was re-elected to his council seat twice. Ford was elected mayor in the 2010 mayoral election and he took office in December 2010.

On September 10, 2014, Ford was taken to the Humble River Hospital in North York, Ontario, Canada. Ford suffered severe stomach pains for 3 months before. It was revealed that Ford suffered an abdominal tumor. After being rushed to the hospital, Ford announced he would not be running for Mayor, but for his old seat in the City Council. Ford's term as mayor ended when John Tory succeeded Ford as mayor on December 1, 2014.

On September 17, 2014, it was announced that Ford had liposarcoma.

Ford served as a Toronto City Councillor for Etobicoke North (Ward 2) from December 1, 2014 until his death.

Rob Ford was born in Etobicoke, Ontario in 1969. He is the youngest son of Doug Ford, Sr. (1933-2006) and his wife Diane. Ford attended the public Scarlett Heights high school in Etobicoke. There he played center for the school's football team. Ford wanted to play professional football. His father treated him to summer football camps with the Washington Redskins and the University of Notre Dame. After graduating from high school, Ford went to Carleton University in Ottawa to study political science. Ford made the football squad, but did not play in any games. Ford started a sales job after Carleton at Deco Labels and Tags, the family business.

Ford served three terms as City Councillor from 2000 until October 2010. Ford was elected mayor in 2012 with 383,501 votes (47%). Among his accomplishments Ford arranged an agreement with the city's largest union to outsource garbage collection west of Yonge Street to a private . This was done with no work stoppage.

When he ran for mayor Ford proposed to make the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) an 'essential service'. Under Ontario law, an essential service prevents its workers from going on strike. The Toronto City Council approved of the decision in January 2011. The Government of Ontario introduced "The Toronto Transit Commission Labour Disputes Resolution Act" in February 2011 and it became law in March 2011. Another campaign promise was to cancel the annual $60 personal vehicle registration tax. The council approved and it went into effect on January 1, 2011.

His first budget (2011) was balanced with no increase in taxes. A planned TTC hike was cancelled after Ford objected to it. In 2013, the city budget increased to $9.4 billion for and $2.27 billion for capital projects. The 2013 budget did not use surplus monies to balance the budget. Before the 2014 budget, Ford's office staff was shrunk and his responsibilities and committee controls were reduced.

In September 12, 2014, it was announced that Ford would not run for mayor because of health issues. He was succeeded by John Tory on December 1, 2014. Ford served as a Toronto City Councillor for Etobicoke North (Ward 2) from December 1, 2014 until his death.

In 2000, Ford married Renata Brejniak. Ford lived with Renata, their daughter Stephanie and son Doug in Etobicoke. After Doug Ford Sr.'s death in 2006, the Ford family retained ownership of the firm through the Doug Ford Holdings corporation. Ford, along with his brothers and his mother were directors of the company. Renata became the candidate for Etobicoke North for the 2019 federal election. She will represent the People's Party of Canada.

A week after being hospitalized for an abdominal tumor, Ford was diagnosed with liposarcoma, a type of cancer. In late 2015, the cancer spread to his bladder. In March 2016, staffers said that Ford's cancer was not responding to chemotherapy treatments.

On March 21, 2016, Ford's family said that he was put in palliative care. The day after, on March 22, 2016, Ford died from the disease at a hospital in Toronto. He was aged 46.


Click beetle

Click beetle is the common name for beetles in the family Elateridae. They are also called elaters, snapping beetles, spring beetles or skipjacks. 

These beetles can be found almost anywhere on Earth. They have the unusual ability to flick themselves into the air. When they do this, they make a "clicking" (or snapping) sound. The beetle does this by flexing the joint between sections of the thorax, where there is a spine on one side of the joint and a groove on the other. The peg is snapped into the groove. This makes a "click" that flicks the beetle into the air. If it lands on its back, then it repeats the click until it lands on its legs. Clicking is mainly used to escape from predators. The click can make it jump between 15 and 30 centimetres into the air.

The Elateridae family was defined in 1815. There are about 9,300 known species. This includes 965 species in North America.

Some species are large and colorful, but most are under two centimeters long and dull in colour. They usually look for food during the night, and are usually not active during the day.

The oldest known species come from the Triassic period. There are only about 9,000 species known.

Wireworms are the larvae of this beetle. They usually spend three or four years living under the soil. Here they feed on rotting plants and roots. They can cause damage to crops and gardens. When this happens, they can be very difficult to kill off.

Their famiily, the Elateridae, is known for its effects on agriculture, where they are notable pests.




PAX AM Days

PAX AM Days is an EP released by American rock band Fall Out Boy. They released it on October 15, 2013. Allmusic gave it 3 stars out of 5. It has been described by the band as being more of an "old school" punk style, as opposed to their normal style of more melodic and lyrical punk.


Norm Kelly

Norman "Norm" Kelly (born August 11, 1941) is a retired Canadian politician. Kelly was a city councillor in Toronto, Ontario representing one of two municipal wards that make up the jurisdiction of Scarborough—Agincourt. 

He served as deputy mayor of Toronto under mayor Rob Ford. He succeeded Doug Holyday in 2013 after the latter resigned from council to contest a by-election for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. He was succeeded by Denzil Minnan-Wong on November 30, 2014. In 2018 Kelly lost his seat on Toronto City Council to Jim Karygiannis.

Ordinary Love (U2 song)

"Ordinary Love" is a song by rock band U2. It was written dedicated to Nelson Mandela. It was also created to be included in the biography movie "".

The song will be given a limited 10" vinyl release on Record Store Day. "Ordinary Love" is the first song by U2 since 2010. The song was released on 29 November 2013, less than a week before Mandela died.

"Ordinary Love" was at number one on the Top Digital Download chart in Italy. U2 won the 2014 Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and in January 2014 was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song.


The Fox and the Grapes

The Fox and the Grapes is a fable by Aesop. It is about a fox who sees some grapes hanging high on a vine. He tries to reach the grapes, but he can't. Since he can't get them, he tells himself that the grapes are probably sour anyway.

This fable shows the idea of cognitive dissonance. The English expression "sour grapes" comes from this fable.

Reagan (disambiguation)

Ronald Reagan was the 40th President of the United States. 

Reagan might also mean:




Mandela (disambiguation)

Nelson Mandela was an anti-apartheid activist and democratically elected President of South Africa.
Mandela might also mean:





Free Nelson Mandela

"Nelson Mandela" (known in some versions as "Free Nelson Mandela") is a song written by British musician Jerry Dammers and performed by band The Special A.K.A. - with lead vocal by Stan Campbell. It was released on the single "Nelson Mandela / Break Down The Door" in 1984. It was created as a protest against the imprisonment of Nelson Mandela by the apartheid South African government.

Reagan Gomez-Preston

Reagan Gomez-Preston (born April 24, 1980 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American television, voice, and movie actress.

She is best known for playing Zaria Peterson, Robert and Jerri Peterson's oldest daughter on The WB sitcom The Parent 'Hood, which was her first acting role. She also makes the voice of Roberta Tubbs on "The Cleveland Show".

Jason Sudeikis

Daniel Jason Sudeikis ( ; born September 18, 1975) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is known for creating and playing the lead role in the Apple TV+ series "Ted Lasso". It won him an Emmy Award in 2021, two Golden Globe Awards and a SAG Award in 2020.

In 2003, he was hired as a sketch writer for "Saturday Night Live" and became a cast member from 2005 to 2013. He has appeared on television in "30 Rock", "The Cleveland Show", "Eastbound & Down", and other shows. 

In 2009, he was part of the legendary and last episode of "Joe Buck Live" when Artie Lange, high on Vicodin and whisky, called Jason a " Lucky Pierre" and verbally fought with Joe Buck live on air. This resulted in the cancellation of "Joe Buck Live". 

He played "Schmitty" on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". He is also known for his roles in the movies "Hall Pass", "Horrible Bosses", "Epic", and "We're the Millers".

Sudeikis was born on September 18, 1975 in Fairfax, Virginia.

In June 2004, he married American screenwriter Kay Cannon. They separated in 2008 and divorced in February 2010.

In 2011, Sudeikis began dating American actress Olivia Wilde. They became engaged in January 2013. They have a son, Otis and a daughter, Daisy. Sudeikis and Wilde's relationship ended in November 2020.

Charlie Day

Charles Peckham "Charlie" Day (born February 9, 1976) is an American actor, musician, screenwriter and television producer. He is best known for portraying Charlie Kelly on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", as well as for his roles in the movies "Horrible Bosses" (2011) and "Pacific Rim" (2013).

Horrible Bosses 2

Horrible Bosses 2 is an American comedy movie. It is the sequel to 2011's "Horrible Bosses". It stars Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, Charlie Day, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Chris Pine, Jamie Foxx, and Christoph Waltz. The script of the movie was written by Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein. The movie was released on November 26, 2014 and was. It was produced by New Line Cinema and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. 


I, Frankenstein

I, Frankenstein is a 2014 Australian-American fantasy action movie written and directed by Stuart Beattie. It is based on the graphic novel and original screenplay by Kevin Grevioux. It stars Aaron Eckhart, Bill Nighy, Yvonne Strahovski, Miranda Otto, Socratis Otto, Jai Courtney and Kevin Grevioux. It was released on January 24, 2014.

The Best of Pink Floyd: A Foot in the Door

The Best of Pink Floyd: A Foot in the Door is a greatest hits album released in 2011. It was part of Why Pink Floyd...?.

Earphones

Earphones or earbuds are a small type of headphones and audio devices that people wear in their outer ear. Earphones are lighter and more portable than headphones. They let people listen to music on a walkman, MP3 player, mobile phone or computer. 

Earphones that are worn inside the ear canal are called In-ear headphones or In-ear monitors. They typically have better sound quality.

Earphones often use a small plug for connection.

Suthep Thaugsuban

Suthep Thaugsuban (; born 7 July 1949) is a Thai politician. He is the leader of People's Alliance for Democracy. In 2013, he organized a protest in Bangkok against the government. He led protesters in "Occupying Bangkok". In 2014 he became a Buddhist monk.

Greg Whyte

Greg Whyte, OBE (born 21 June 1967) is a former Olympian and a sports scientist. He won a World Championship silver medal and a European bronze medal. Whyte also competed in two Olympic Games, representing Great Britain in the Modern Pentathlon.

Whyte has been involved in Comic Relief. 
His role has been to train and coach celebrities who do challenges for charity, such as comedian David Walliams, John Bishop, James Cracknell, Cheryl Cole, Gary Barlow, and Eddie Izzard. His charity work for Comic Relief and Sports Relief projects has so far raised over £17 million.

Whyte is a Professor in Applied Sport & Exercise Science at Liverpool John Moores University. He is also an authority in the UK on exercise physiology, sports performance and .

Greg was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2014 New Year Honours for his services to sport, sport science and charity.

Finn the Human

Finn Campbell Mertens (also known as Finn and Finn the Human) is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the American animated television series "Adventure Time" created by Pendleton Ward. He is voiced by Jeremy Shada in most appearances. 

The character first appeared in the original pilot, where he was named Pen and voiced by Zack Shada, Jeremy's older brother.

The character has been met with largely positive critical reception.

Finn's enthusiastic nature becomes more serious as the series progresses, meaning he is both maturing and developing as a character as he ages. As shown in "Memories of Boom Boom Mountain", Finn appears to have been abandoned in the woods when he was a baby.

Shulem Deen

Shulem Deen (born 1974) is the author of a memoir, "All Who Go Do Not Return" (2015), and the editor of "Unpious.com", an online journal for voices critical of Hasidic lifestyle and beliefs.

Deen first became known as the author of the blog, "Hasidic Rebel," which he wrote from 2003 until 2012, and which was the subject of a 2003 feature article in the "Village Voice". Deen's blog was the first widely read website by a practicing Hasid casting doubt on his religious faith. His memoir chronicles his often painful change from a devout member of the Skverer Hasidic community in New Square, New York to a secular Jew.

In 2010, Deen launched the Unpious website along with "Shtreimel," another ex-Hasidic blogger, and has served as its editor throughout. He has also written several pieces for other publications on the intersection of Hasidic and secular lives, including articles in the "Jewish Daily Forward", "Tablet Magazine", "Salon", and "Zeek".

He currently serves as a Board member at Footsteps, a New York City organization that assists formerly ultra-Orthodox Jews with transitioning to life outside the Orthodox world. 

Deen spent his early life among Satmar Hasidim in Borough Park, Brooklyn, and joined the Skverer sect when he was a teenager, moving to the town of New Square, to settle after marriage. He was married in 1993, and has five children.

In 2005, Deen was expelled from New Square by its leaders for holding heretical views, and several years later divorced his wife and left the Hasidic lifestyle entirely. He currently lives in Brooklyn New York He is mostly estranged from his children, who have remained among the Skverer Hasidim in New Square, N.Y.

Jaffna College

Jaffna College (JC) is a private school in Vaddukoddai, Sri Lanka.

Vaddukoddai

Vaddukoddai (also spelled "Vattukkottai", "Vatukotai", or "Vattukotai"; ) is a town in northern Sri Lanka. It is a small but important town located on the Jaffna peninsula. This part of the country is dominated by Tamil people.

John W. North High School

John W. North High School is a high school in Southern California, in the United States of America. It is named after the founder of Riverside, John W. North.

Shulamit Aloni

Shulamit Aloni (; November 29, 1928 – January 24, 2014) was an Israeli lawyer and politician. She founded the Ratz party. She was the leader of the Meretz party, and served as Minister of Education from 1992 to 1993. In 2000, she won the Israel Prize.

Aloni died on January 24, 2014 at her home in Tel Aviv, aged 85.


François Deguelt

François Deguelt (born Louis Deghelt, 4 December 1932 – 22 January 2014) was a French singer. He was best known for his performance on behalf of Monaco in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1960 and 1962.

Deguelt died on 22 January 2014 in Var, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France from heart failure, age 81.


Movable Ink

Movable Ink is a technology company that allows marketers to change emails after they have been sent out. The technology can change emails based on the moment of engagement, the user's current location, social cues, fast-moving inventory, and it works across all email clients. Movable Ink has been called "The Harry Potter of Email" because it includes parts of code into an email's HTML that makes the content come to life and update in real-time. 

Movable Ink's technology allows email marketers to pull real-time content from their websites and embed that information into emails. When recipients open the emails, they contain the most up-to-date information as well as contextual data based on a person’s location, time of day, or the device they’re viewing the email on. The company also offers advanced email tracking reports and real-time metrics. Companies using Movable Ink include Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, American Eagle Outfitters and Verizon,
Movable Ink was founded by Vivek Sharma and Michael Nutt in New York City in November 2010.

In October 2011, Movable Ink received $1.3 million dollars in funding, led by Contour Ventures, Metamorphic Ventures, ff Ventures, and Kima Ventures, as well as angels Joshua Baer, Bob Pittman, Andy Russell, and Alan Laifer. In May 2013, Movable Ink received $11 million in funding led by Intel Capital, with participation from its previous investors. 

San Luis Obispo, California

San Luis Obispo is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is about halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco. It was founded in 1772 by Junípero Serra.

San Luis Obispo is one of California's oldest settlements. It is the county seat of San Luis Obispo County. At the 2020 census, 47,063 people lived there. California Polytechnic State University is in San Luis Obispo.

Northern Province, Sri Lanka

The Northern Province ( '; ') is one of the nine provinces of Sri Lanka. The capital of the province is Jaffna. The Sri Lankan Civil War began in this province. It where most of the Tamil people in Sri Lanka live.

Provinces in Sri Lanka were created in the 19th century. Provincial councils were created in 1987 by a change to the Constitution. Between 1988 and 2006 the Northern Province and the Eastern Province were temporarily put together to make the North Eastern Province.




Jaffna

Jaffna (, ', ') is the capital city of the Northern Province of Sri Lanka. The population of Jaffna is 88,138. Jaffna is Sri Lanka's 12th largest city.The biggest of all in Jaffna is the Jaffna Fort and Nallur Kandasamy temple. The statue made out of gold was the man who was the person who put Sinhala people and Tamil people together.



Computation

Computation is the act of determining (working out) something by processing information. It involves using specific rules, either mathematical or logical. It may or may not involve using numbers; the computation of numbers and arithmetic is generally called "calculation". The study of computation is called computer science.

The theory of computation involves determining whether a certain problem can be solved by computation.


Colombo District

Colombo District (; "") is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second-level administrative divisions of the country.

Colombo District is in the south west of Sri Lanka. It has an area of .


Calculus of variations

The calculus of variations is a field of mathematical analysis. It usually deals with functions defined on the real numbers, and with finding minima and maxima of such functions. When finding a minimum or maximum, there are often additional conditions that need to be satisfied. In the 18th century, mathematicians such as Leonhard Euler and Joseph-Louis Lagrange made this kind of calculus popular. 

Other people who influenced it include Adrien-Marie Legendre, Alfred Clebsch, Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi and Karl Weierstraß. Today, calculus of variations is used in different fields of science, such as geodesy, theoretical physics, classical mechanics and quantum mechanics.

Hattula

Hattula is a municipality in Finland. As of 31 October 2013, 9,704 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Hämeenlinna, Pälkäne and Valkeakoski.


Collective noun

A collective noun is a noun that describes a group of things. In the examples, the word in italics is the collective term.

Examples are:

Law of sines

The sine rule or law of sines, is a theorem in mathematics. It says that, if you have a triangle like the one in the picture, the equation below is true.

This is another version, which is also true.

D is equal to the diameter of the triangle's circumcircle. 

The law of sines is used to find the remaining sides of a triangle when two angles and a side are known. This is known as triangulation. The law of sines can also be used when two sides and one of the angles not enclosed by the two sides are known. In some such cases, the formula gives two possible values for the enclosed angle. This is called an "ambiguous case".

The law of sines is one of two trigonometric equations which is used to find lengths and angles in scalene triangles. The other is the law of cosines.

The area formula_3 of any triangle can be written as one half of its base times its height (drawn from the vertex not on the base). Depending on which side one chooses to be the base, the area can be given by
Multiplying these by formula_5 gives

Swell Radio

Swell Radio is a mobile radio streaming application. It learns what kind of radio stations the user likes based on listening to behaviour, community filtering and an algorithm. It was originally designed for use while going to and coming from work. The service focuses on delivering spoken-word audio content to users.

The app is available on iOS devices worldwide but content is customized to the United States and Canada. The application does not have any advertisements.

Concept.io, creator of Swell Radio, raised $5.4 million in Series A Funding led by venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson. The application originally launched the application on the iOS platform in Canada in early 2013 and officially launched in the United States on June 27, 2013. 

Catbells

Catbells is a fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria. It has a modest height of . It is one of the most popular fells in the area. It is on the western shore of Derwent Water within of the busy tourist town of Keswick. Its distinctive shape catches the attention of many visitors to the Lakes who like to climb to the top. There is a view of this mountain from Friars Crag on the opposite side of Derwent Water. The fell's unusual name may have come from a distortion of "Cat Bields" meaning shelter of the wildcat. But this is not certain. The fell's name is sometimes written as "Cat Bells".

Jean-Pierre Thiollet

Jean-Pierre Thiollet (born 9 December 1956 in Poitiers) is a French author and journalist.

In 2017, he creates the Cercle InterHallier, in tribute to Jean-Edern Hallier.

In October 2016, after dedicating a book about Jean-Edern Hallier to "the youth native from Euroland, zone F, victim of an old criminal political ruling class", he denounces in an interview "the French crime, committed by a political class, from the left as from the right".

From 2009 to 2012, he worked as one of the "France-Soir" editors-in-chief.

In 2010, he was among the petition's signatures for Roman Polanski when the film director was temporarily arrested by Swiss police at the request of U.S authorities.

Since 2007, he has been a member of the World Grand Family of Lebanon (RJ Lebanon Club).

He was, with Alain Decaux, Frédéric Beigbeder and Richard Millet, one of the guest writers at the 2005 Beirut Book Fair (BIEL) for "Je m'appelle Byblos" (My Name Is Byblos).

In 1994, he was the author allowed to interview Gérard Mulliez, one of the wealthiest and powerful people in France, for the book "The Customer Driven Company — Moving from Talk to Action" (translated in French as "La Dynamique du client") by Richard C. Whiteley.

From 1988 to 1994, he was editor-in-chief for "Le Quotidien de Paris" (Daily Press Group).


Welfare economics

Welfare economics is a field of economics that looks at the problem of allocating resources. It uses techniques from microeconomics to assess general well-being. From this assessment, it tries to find an allocation of productive factors as to desirability and economic efficiency within an economy, often relative to competitive general equilibrium. It analyzes "social welfare" in terms of economic activities of the individuals that compose the theoretical society considered. Individuals and their economic activities are the basic units for aggregating to social welfare. The aggregation may focus on a group of people, a community, or a society. There is no "social welfare" apart from the "welfare" associated with its individual units.

Welfare economics typically takes individual preferences as given and tries to improve welfare in terms of Pareto efficiency. As an example, social state B is "better" than social state A, if at least one person prefers "B" and no one else opposes it. Another aspect of welfare treats income/goods distribution, including equality, as a further dimension of welfare.

Social welfare refers to the overall welfare of society. With sufficiently strong assumptions, it can be defined as the sum of the welfare of all the individuals in the society. Welfare may be measured either cardinally in terms of "utils" or dollars, or measured ordinarily in terms of Pareto efficiency. The cardinal method in "utils" is rarely used in pure theory today. Its main problem is that different kinds of "utility" cannot easily be summed up without losing the meaning of the measurement. In applied welfare economics money-value estimates are often used. One example of applied welfare economics is cost-benefit analysis. Money-value estimates are a useful form of measurement where income-distribution effects are factored into the analysis or seem unlikely to change the analysis.

The capabilities approach to welfare argues that freedom - what people are free to do or be - should be included in welfare assessments, and the approach has been particularly influential in development policy circles where the emphasis on multi-dimensionality and freedom has shaped the evolution of the Human Development Index.

Other classifying terms in welfare economics include externalities, equity, justice, inequality, and altruism.

American Motors

American Motors (AMC) was an American car company. It was formed in 1954 when Nash-Kelvinator Corporation and Hudson Motor Car Company became one company. It is famous for its Javelin and AMX muscle cars. AMC bought the Jeep car company in 1970. In 1987, Chrysler bought AMC for US $1.5 billion. 

Jaffna District

Jaffna District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second level of administrative division of the country. The capital of the district is the city of Jaffna.

Jaffna District is divided into 15 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 435 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).


Districts of Sri Lanka

In Sri Lanka, districts (, ) are the second-level administrative divisions. The first level are the provinces. Each province contains a number of districts. There are 25 districts in the country. They are organized into 9 provinces. Each district is administered under a District Secretary. Secretaries are appointed by the central government.

All population numbers are from the most recent census of Sri Lanka, in 2012. Population density has been calculated using the land area rather than the total area (total area would have included the area of rivers and lakes).

Kilinochchi District

Kilinochchi District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. These districts are the second level of administrative divisions in the country; the first level are the provinces. Kilinochchi District is part of the Northern Province. The capital of the district is the town of Kilinochchi.

Kilinochchi District is in the north of Sri Lanka in the Northern Province. It has an area of .

Kilinochchi District is divided into 4 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 95 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).


Nanjing University

Nanjing University is one of the oldest universities in China. It is in Nanjing. It started in 258 CE. In 1902, it became a new-type school when the Qing Dynasty ended. Nanjing University has two campuses. They are the Gulou campus, which is in the center of Nanjing City; and Xianlin, in the northeast of Nanjing.

Mannar District

Mannar District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second-level administrative divisions of the country. The capital of the district is the town of Mannar.

Mannar District is in the north west of Sri Lanka. It is part of the Northern Province. It has an area of .


Vavuniya District

Vavuniya District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second-level administrative divisions of the country. The capital of the district is the city of Vavuniya.

Vavuniya District is in the north of Sri Lanka. It is part of the Northern Province. It has an area of .

Vavuniya District is divided into 4 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 102 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).


Valkeakoski

Valkeakoski is a city in Finland. It is known for its paper industry. Nearby municipalities are Akaa, Hattula, Hämeenlinna, Kangasala, Lempäälä and Pälkäne. In 1973, Sääksmäki was merged with Valkeakoski.

Vavuniya

Vavuniya (, ) is a large town in the Northern Province of Sri Lanka. It is governed by an Urban Council. It is also the main town of Vavuniya District.

Mullaitivu District

Mullaitivu District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second level administrative divisions of the country. The capital of the district is the town of Mullaitivu.

Mullaitivu District is in the north east of Sri Lanka. It is part of the Northern Province. It has an area of .


Eastern Province, Sri Lanka

The Eastern Province ( '; ') is one of the nine provinces of Sri Lanka. The capital of the province is Trincomalee.

Provinces are the first level administrative division of the country. Provinces in Sri Lanka were created in the 19th century. Provincial councils were created in 1987 by a change to the Constitution. Between 1988 and 2006 the Northern Province and the Eastern Province were temporarily put together to make the North Eastern Province.

The Eastern Province has an area of .


Central Province, Sri Lanka

The Central Province ( ', ') is one of the nine provinces of Sri Lanka. It is located in the central mountainous area of the island. It is the sixth largest province by area. About 2.5 million people live here. The border of this province are North Central Province on the North, Uva Province on the East, North Western Province on the West and Sabaragamuwa Province on the South and West. The province's capital is Kandy.




North Central Province, Sri Lanka

North Central Province ( ', ') is a province of Sri Lanka. Its capital city is Anuradhapura. The province is not densely populated. It has a weak economy.

Anuradhapura is the only major city. It is governed by a Municipal Council. Other towns in the province are:



Sagittarius A*

Sagittarius A* (Sgr A*) is a bright astronomical radio source at the center of the Milky Way. It is in the direction of the constellations Sagittarius and Scorpius. 

The radio source is part of a larger astronomical feature known as Sagittarius A. Sagittarius A* is thought to be a supermassive black hole, like those that are at the centers of most spiral and elliptical galaxies. Observations of the star S2 in orbit around Sagittarius A* were used to show the presence of the Milky Way's central supermassive black hole. This led to the conclusion that Sagittarius A* is the site of that black hole.


Pope Linus

Pope Linus was the second Pope of the Catholic Church, (the official title is Bishop of Rome). He was pope from 67 to 76 C.E.

Linus came from Volterra, Tuscany. He became a follower of Peter. Peter was pleased with Linus and introduced him to the teachings of Christianity. After a time He was conscrated by Peter as a Bishop. He formed a Christian community in Ruvo, Apulia. The location where the community of Linus met is now known as the Crypt of San Cleto. He was also sent to Besancon and brought many people to Christianity.

When Peter was put into prison, Linus became the next leader of the Church. He served at a very dangerous time during the reign of Nero. He converted to Christianity the daughter of a Roman official named Saturinus and was for that reason put into prison and beheaded. He was buried near Peter.

Linus is one of the three popes mentioned by name in the New Testament along with Peter and Clement. He is recognized as a saint. His feast day is 23 September, the same day as his death.

North Western Province, Sri Lanka

North Western Province ( ', ') is a province of Sri Lanka. The districts of Kurunegala and Puttalam are in North Western Province. Its capital city is Kurunegala.

The only higher educational institute in the province is the Wayamba University of Sri Lanka.

North Western Province is divided into 2 districts:





Uva Province

Uva ( "Uva", "Uva") is a province of Sri Lanka. It was created in 1896. The capital city of the province is Badulla. There are about 1,259,880 people living in Uva Province. It is the second least populated province in the country.

Uva consists of two districts: Badulla and Moneragala. Eastern, Southern and Central provinces form the border of Uva.

Its major tourist attractions are Dunhinda Falls, Diyaluma Falls, Rawana Falls, the Yala National Park (lying partly in the Southern and Eastern Provinces) and Gal Oya National Park (lying partly in the Eastern Province). The Gal Oya hills and the Central mountains are the main highlands. The Mahaweli and Menik rivers and the huge Senanayake Samudraya and Maduru Oya Reservoirs are the major waterways.

Uva is divided into 2 districts:

Badulla is the only major city in the province. It is governed by a Municipal Council.




Trincomalee District

Trincomalee District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second-level administrative divisions of the country. The capital of the district is the city of Trincomalee.

Trincomalee District is in the east of Sri Lanka. It is part of the Eastern Province. It has an area of .


Batticaloa District

Batticaloa District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. It is part of the Eastern Province. The capital of the district is the city of Batticaloa.

Ampara District was separated from the southern part of Batticaloa District in April 1961.

Batticaloa District is in the east of Sri Lanka. It is part of the Eastern Province. It has an area of .


Ampara District

Ampara District ( ""; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second-level administrative divisions of the country. Ampara District is part of the Eastern Province. The capital of the district is the town of Ampara.

The district was separated from the southern part of Batticaloa District in April 1961.

The Ampara District is in the southeast part of Sri Lanka in the Eastern Province. It has an area of .


Fell

A fell (from Old Norse "fell", "fjall", "mountain") is a high and barren landscape feature, such as a mountain range or moor-covered hills. The term is most often employed in Scandinavia, the Isle of Man, parts of northern England, and Scotland.

The English word "fell" comes from Old Norse "fell", "fjall" (both forms existed). It is from the same root word as the Icelandic "fjall"/"fell". Also the Swedish "fjäll", and Norwegian "fjell". These all refer to mountains rising above the alpine tree line.


Lamar Alexander

Andrew Lamar Alexander, Jr. (born July 3, 1940) is an American politician. He was a United States senator from Tennessee from 2003 to 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party. Alexander was conference chair of the Republican Party in the US Senate from 2007 to 2012.

He unsuccessfully ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 1996 and 2000.

In December 2018, Alexander announced his retirement from the Senate by not running in the 2020 election.


Warren Christopher

Warren Minor Christopher (October 27, 1925 – March 18, 2011) was an American lawyer, diplomat and politician.

Christopher was born in Scranton, North Dakota on October 27, 1925. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Christopher studied at the University of Southern California and at Stanford Law School.

Christopher served as the 63rd Secretary of State under Bill Clinton's presidency. He also served as Deputy Attorney General in the Lyndon B. Johnson administration, and as Deputy Secretary of State in the Jimmy Carter administration.

At the time of his death, he was a Senior Partner at O'Melveny & Myers in the firm's Century City, California, office. He also served as a professor in the College Honors Program at the University of California, Los Angeles. At the behest of Al Gore, Christopher oversaw the Vice President's Florida recount effort in the aftermath of the disputed United States presidential election, 2000.

He married Joan Workman during the 1940s. They had two children. They soon filed for a divorce. Christopher soon remarried in 1956. They had two children. Their marriage would last until his death in 2011. Christopher lived in Los Angeles and in Century City, California.

Christopher died at his home in Los Angeles, California on March 18, 2011, from complications of kidney and bladder cancer. He was 85 years old.

Lawrence Eagleburger

Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (August 1, 1930 – June 4, 2011) was an American statesman and diplomat.

Eagleburger was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on August 1, 1930. He was raised in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. Eagleburger studied at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point and at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Eagleburger served briefly as the Secretary of State under President George H. W. Bush. Previously, he had served in lesser capacities under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and as Deputy Secretary of State under George H. W. Bush.

Eagleburger is the only career Foreign Service Officer to have served as Secretary of State.

Eagleburger married Marlene Ann Heinemann in 1966. They had three sons, Lawrence Scott, Lawrence Andrew, and Lawrence Jason. Their marriage would last until Eagleburger's death in 2011.

Eagleburger died of pneumonia at the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville, Virginia. He was 80 years old.


Alvey A. Adee

Alvey Augustus Adee (November 27, 1842 – July 4, 1924) was an American politicians and diplomat. He was a long-time official with the United States Department of State. He served as the acting Secretary of State in 1898 during the Spanish-American War.


Cyrus Vance

Cyrus Roberts Vance (March 27, 1917 – January 12, 2002) was an American lawyer, politician, and diplomat.

Vance was born on March 27, 1917 in Clarksburg, West Virginia. He was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Vance studied at Kent School, Yale University, and at Yale Law School.

Vance was United States Secretary of State under President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1980. Before that, he was the Secretary of the Army and the Deputy Secretary of Defense.

As Secretary of State, Vance approached foreign policy with an emphasis on negotiation over conflict. He was very interested in arms reduction. In April 1980, Vance resigned in protest of Operation Eagle Claw, the secret mission to rescue American hostages in Iran. Edmund Muskie replaced him.

Vance married Grace Elsie Sloane in 1947. They had four daughters and a son. Vance lived in New York City during his final years. He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1995.

Vance died at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City on January 12, 2002 of pneumonia. His death was a complication from Alzheimer's disease. He was buried at the Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.


John McHugh

John Michael McHugh (born September 29, 1948) is an American politician and diplomat. He is the 21st United States Secretary of the Army. He was a former New York representative in the United States House of Representatives.

On June 2, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated him to the position of United States Secretary of the Army. The United States Senate confirmed McHugh in a voice vote on September 16, 2009. He was sworn in as the 21st Secretary of the Army at a Pentagon ceremony on September 21, 2009. He resigned on November 1, 2015.


Dave Strack

Dave Strack (c. 1923 – January 25, 2014) was an American basketball coach and player. He was the former university athletic director for the University of Arizona and head basketball coach of the University of Michigan. He is an inductee of the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame.

Strack died on January 25, 2014 in Ann Arbor, Michigan from natural causes, aged 90.


Norman Quijano

Norman Noel Quijano Gonzalez (born November 2, 1946) is an Salvadoran politician. He was the mayor of San Salvador from May 2009 through August 2013. He was the President of the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador from May 2018 to November 2019.

Quijano was born Norman Noel Quijano Gonzalez on November 2, 1946 in Santa Ana, El Salvador.

In 2008 he was appointed as the candidate of the Nationalist Republican Alliance for mayor of San Salvador. He won the elections on January 18, 2009. He defeated the incumbent mayor Violeta Menjívar. He was inaugurated as mayor on May 1, 2009. He was reelected as mayor in 2012. 

In August 20 2012, he was appointed as ARENA's presidential candidate for 2014 elections. On August 15, 2013, Quijano resigned his office as mayor, so that he can run for president. He was succeeded by Gloria Calderón de Oñate.


Happy (Pharrell Williams song)

"Happy" is a 2013 song performed by American singer and producer Pharrell Williams. It was released as a soundtrack for the animated movie "Despicable Me 2."

It was released for the album . It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and is nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. It was ranked at number one at the Ireland musical charts.

"Happy" was written and produced by Pharrell Williams. Williams is the lead vocalist throughout the song, while the backing vocals are performed by Rhea Dummett, Trevon Henderson, Shamika Hightower, Ashley L. Lee, Jasmine Murray and Terrence Rolle. The song was recorded at Circle House Studios in Miami, Florida in 2013 and later mixed at Music Box Studios in Atlanta, Georgia.

"Happy" is 3 minutes and 53 seconds long and has a tempo of 160 beats per minute.

In October 2013, a month prior to its release, "Happy" reached the number-one spot on the Dutch Top 40 chart in the Netherlands, partially as a result of radio station 3FM airplay and online downloads, as well as featuring in a Transavia commercial.

"Happy" reached the top of the US "Billboard" Hot 100 for the week ending March 1, 2014. This became the fourth song featuring Pharrell Williams to top this chart, however it is the first song with Williams as the lead vocalist to do so. By March 2014, more than 3 million units of the song were sold in the United States.

In the United Kingdom, "Happy" debuted outside the Top 70 of the UK Singles Chart on 1 December 2013 and eventually reached the number-one position on 29 December. It was the third song featuring Pharrell Williams to chart at number one in 2013, making Williams the first artist to have three number-one singles in the United Kingdom since 2009.

In Australia, "Happy" reached the number-one position on the ARIA Singles Chart on 6 January 2014 and spent 12 non-consecutive weeks at that position.

In New Zealand, "Happy" reached the number-one position on the NZ Top 40 Singles Chart on 6 January 2014 and has spent 15 non-consecutive weeks at that position. On 28 April 2014, its 15th week at the number-one position, it became the song with the most weeks at the number-one position in the chart's history.

Other countries in which "Happy" has reached the number-one position on a national singles chart include Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Lebanon, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and Venezuela.

Applause (Lady Gaga song)

"Applause" is a 2013 song performed by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released for her album "Artpop". It was released on August 12, 2013, a week ahead of its original release date, because it was leaked.

"Applause" is an electropop and Eurodance song. It is about being famous and applauded by fans.
"Applause" reached the top five in the United States, Canada, and the UK, while reaching the top ten in several other countries. It was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on May 29, 2015, for sales and streams equal to three million copies across the United States.

SMT

SMT may refer to:


Varistor

A varistor, VDR, "(voltage dependent resistor)" is a type of resistor. It controls the current depending on the voltage.

In these devices resistance drops sharply at a certain threshold voltage. Once the voltage across the device reaches the threshold, there is a breakdown of the electrical structure in the vicinity of the grain boundaries, which results in its electrical resistance dropping from several megohms down to a few hundred ohms. The major advantage of these is that they can dissipate a lot of energy, and they self reset–after the voltage across the device drops below the threshold, its resistance returns to being high. 

This makes them ideal for surge-protection applications. As there is control over the threshold voltage and energy tolerance, they find use in all sorts of applications. The best demonstration of their ability can be found in electrical substations, where they are employed to protect the infrastructure from lightning strikes. They have rapid response, are low maintenance, and do not appreciably degrade from use, making them virtually ideal devices for this application.

They can be used to protect electronics from voltages that could damage components.

Wheathampstead

Wheathampstead is a village and civil parish north of St Albans. It is part of the City and District of St Albans, in Hertfordshire. Its parliamentary constituency is Hitchin and Harpenden. The village is on the River Lea (or Lee), a tributary of the Thames.

The population of Wheathampstead at the time of the 2001 census was 6,058.

Settlements in this area were made about 50 BC by Belgic invaders. They moved up the rivers Thames and Lea from what is now Belgium. Evidence for them was found in Devil's Dyke, at the eastern side of Wheathampstead.

The Devil's Dyke earthworks are remains of an ancient settlement of the Catuvellauni. It is thought to have been the tribe's original capital. The capital was moved to Verlamion, later the Roman Verulamium. This became the modern St Albans.

The Devil's Dyke is reputedly where Julius Caesar defeated Cassivellaunus in 54 BC, although this claim is disputed. The Dyke may have been part of the same defensive rampart as nearby Beech Bottom Dyke. If correct, this would make the area one of the largest and most important British Iron Age settlements.

Later, the village is recorded in the Domesday Book under name "Watamestede". It appears that a church existed at Wheathampstead before the Norman Conquest, as Wheathampstead was given by Edward the Confessor to Westminster Abbey. The original structure was demolished in the reign of Henry III, and the oldest part of the present church dates to about 1280. The main doorways to the church (in the chancel section) and the windows are Early English pointed arches.

Dieter Borst

Dieter Borst (born 12 May 1950) is a German painter and sculptor of 20th century art.

Borst was born on 12 May 1950 in Schramberg, Germany. As a painter, he specialized in informal painting. The basic element in his paintings is the line, which is carried through colored segments.

In 1969 he studied at the American School of Art in Munich. In 1972 he took a half year study trip to West Africa.
In 1973 he started painting. In 1997 he moved to Gran Canaria. In 2007 his atelier burned in an island fire on Gran Canaria. Hundreds of paintings of all phases of his working life were destroyed.

Borst's works were exhibited in New York, Fort Lauderdale / Miami, Cologne and Gran Canaria.





Tupou VI

Tupou VI (Tongan: ʻAhoʻeitu ʻUnuakiʻotonga Tukuʻaho; born 12 July 1959) is the king of Tonga. He was chosen as the inheritor of the throne by his elder brother, Tupou V, in 2006. After Tupou V died in 2012, he inherited the throne and was given the name "Tupou VI".

Stuttgarter Zeitung

The Stuttgarter Zeitung is a German-language daily newspaper (except Sundays). It is edited in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It sells about 200,000 copies daily.

George S. Patton slapping incidents

The George S. Patton slapping incidents refer to two events that involved an American general, George S. Patton. These happened during the World War II Allied campaign in Sicily. General Patton slapped two soldiers he thought were cowards who were in hospitals for . The general lost his command. He was sent back to England and played no part in the D-Day landing in Normandy.

George Patton believed it was part of a general's work to visit his wounded soldiers in hospitals. He did this more than other generals, even though he personally found it hard to do. His usual visit included talking to the soldiers and telling them how much he appreciated their courage. His aides followed him, pinning medals on soldiers as they went. General Omar Bradley, who knew Patton well, said that when it came to his men Patton was in spite of his manner. 

Growing up, Patton had serious doubts about himself. He came from a long line of military heroes and one of his greatest fears was that he might be a coward in battle. Through his own strength of will, he conquered his fear. He expected the same from all the men he commanded. Any display of fear reminded him of his own earlier problems with fear.

On 3 August 1943, Patton was visiting the 15th Evacuation Hospital. He found a soldier sitting on a supply box. The General asked him what he was there for. The soldier, Private Charles H. Kuhl, said "I guess I just can't take it." The general was immediately angry: he swore at the soldier and slapped him with his gloves. The soldier had malaria and dysentery. 

A week later, at the 93rd Evacuation Hospital, the general came upon Private Paul G. Bennet lying on a bed. In reply to Patton's usual question of what was wrong with him, the soldier replied "it's my nerves." The general yelled "What did you say?" Bennet repeated himself. Then Patton angrily swore at the soldier, calling him a coward. He hit the soldier and told him he had to return to the front lines. He even reached for his pistol. Patton was still yelling when he left the hospital tent.

When Patton and his army entered Messina (16 August 1943), General Eisenhower wrote him, saying he had received word of the slapping incidents. Eisenhower told Patton there was no excuse for losing his temper in front of his soldiers. He said there was no excuse for brutality of the sick and injured. He ordered Patton to publicly apologize to their divisions and to the two men personally. Patton wrote Eisenhower a note of apology, then he proceeded to address his troops as he was ordered. On 30 August, he was giving his public apology for the third and last time to the 3rd Division: Patton was giving his short speech when his troops sensed he was about to apologize. They started chanting "No general, no, no; General, no, no." They cut him off from his apology and would not let him give it. Overcome with emotion Patton left the stage.

The incidents were considered handled by Eisenhower and Army Chief of Staff George Marshall and news reporters were told not to file any stories on the incidents. In November 1943, however, one American columnist, Drew Pearson, filed the story anyway, accusing the Army of a cover-up. The American people, however, still mostly were behind Patton. The Germans were amused at the story and at the Americans: they saw nothing wrong with a general slapping a soldier. But Patton was too valuable to dismiss, so in early January 1944, Eisenhower sent him back to England. There he was placed in command of the First United States Army Group. It was an army that did not exist and was only intended to fool the Germans. The Germans thought Patton would lead the invasion of Europe, whenever it came. For the next six months, Patton was on his good behavior. After the D-Day landings, he was given command of the US 3rd Army in Normandy.


Radioactive waste

Radioactive waste is a term used for certain substances that are radioactive and that are no longer useful. Most radioactive waste is a by-product of operating nuclear power plants. Certain treatments in hospitals use radioactive substances. Scientists doing certain kinds of research use radioactive substances. Nuclear weapons also produce radioactive waste. Low-level radioactive wastes are radioactive gases, solids, or liquids that give off small amounts of ionizing radiation. High-level radioactive wastes give off large amounts of ionizing radiation. 

Radioactive waste is dangerous to the environment, and there are many regulations about transporting it, handling it, and processing it in such a way that the dangers are reduced. They can contaminate water and affect the living organisms. Storage of radioactive waste must be guaranteed for thousands of years, until it decays sufficiently to be safe to the environment and its inhabitants. Radioactive waste can be stored by deep geological burial or by dry cask storage. Dry Cask Storage is large cylinders of concrete and steel that are used to hold 10 or more metric tons of high-level radioactive waste. The U.S. currently has no long-term radioactive waste storage site. In 1987 Yucca Mountain, Nevada was a candidate for radioactive waste storage, but was shut down.

KV42

KV42 is a tomb in Egypt's Valley of the Kings. 

The tomb was constructed for Hatshepsut-Meryetre, the wife of Thutmose III. She was not buried in the tomb. It was reused by Sennefer, a mayor of Thebes.

Emblem3

Emblem 3 is a band from Huntington Beach, California. Current members include Wesley and Keaton Stromberg, who are brothers, and Drew Chadwick, Wesley's best friend. Their debut album is titled "Nothing to Lose", with tracks including "Chloe", and "Sunset Boulevard". They competed on The X Factor, finishing in fourth place.




Shiprock

Shiprock is the remains of an extinct volcano in the U.S. state of New Mexico. 

Shiprock is composed of fractured volcanic breccia and black dikes of igneous rock. It is the erosional remnant of the throat of a volcano. The exposed rock was probably formed 2,500–3000 feet (750–1,000 meters) below the Earth's surface, but exposed after millions of years of erosion. 

Radiometric dating of the rock shows that the volcanic rocks solidified about 27 million years ago. Shiprock is in the northeastern part of the Navajo Volcanic Field. El Capitan in Monument Valley is another prominent volcanic neck in this field. 

South African Navy

The South African Navy is the navy of the South African National Defence Force. The role of the South African Navy is to conduct naval operations in defence of the Republic of South Africa.

The current organisation of the South African Navy dates back to 1 April 1922, when the South African Naval Service (SANS) was created. (However, colonial naval volunteer units date back as far as 1861.) The South African Naval Service was later expanded and renamed to the South African Naval Forces (SANF). In 1951, the South African Naval Forces was renamed to the South African Navy and the ship title HMSAS (His Majesty's South African Ship) was changed to SAS (South African Ship) one year later.

The South African Navy has a strength of 6,104 active military personnel. The navy is divided into a Combat Fleet and a Support Fleet. The Combat Fleet is made up of five Valour-class frigates, three Heroine-class submarines, three Warrior-class patrol vessels, three T-class patrol vessels, three River-class mine countermeasures vessels, and twenty-one Namacurra-class harbour patrol boats. The Support Fleet is made up of one replenishment vessel, one Hecla-class survey vessel, and three tugboats. The navy also includes an infantry-trained special forces unit called the Maritime Reaction Squadron (MRS).

South African National Defence Force

The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) is the military of South Africa.

The SANDF is made up of four branches: the South African Army, the South African Navy, the South African Air Force, and the South African Military Health Service (formerly the South African Medical Service).

The Commander-in-Chief of the military is the President of South Africa, currently Cyril Ramaphosa. The Ministry of Defence and Military Veterans, currently headed by Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula, is in charge of political leadership. Military command is in the hands of the General Staff, headed by the Chief of the South African National Defence Force, who is General Solly Shoke.

The history of the SANDF can be traced back to 1912, with the establishment of the Union Defence Force (UDF). In 1957, the Union Defence Force was renamed to the South African Defence Force (SADF). The SADF fought a bloody guerrilla war against the South West African People's Organisation (SWAPO) and the African National Congress in South West Africa (now Namibia). SADF forces were also involved in the Angolan Civil War. In 1994, the South African Defence Force was combined with the ANC's Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK), the PAC's Azanian People's Liberation Army (APLA), several Bantustan defence forces, and the self protection units of the Inkatha Freedom Party to form the South African National Defence Force.

Since 1994, South Africa has been trying to develop its military into a professional, well trained and mobile military. The SANDF currently plays a role in peacekeeping in the African continent, in countries such as the DRC and Burundi.

Mercedes-Benz Citaro

The Mercedes-Benz Citaro (or O530) is a single-decker low-floor bus for public transport.

It was made in 1997, and built in Germany, France and Spain.

Central Luzon

Central Luzon (; designated as Region III or Region 3), is central part of Luzon, The region has the largest plain in the country and produces most of the country's rice supply. Its provinces are Aurora, Bataan, Bulacan, Nueva Ecija, Pampanga, Tarlac, and Zambales. 

Central Luzon Region is north of Manila, the nation's capital. To the north are Ilocos, Cordillera Administrative Region and Cagayan Valley. To the south are the National Capital Region, CALABARZON and Manila Bay. To the west is the South China Sea. To the east is the Philippine Sea. 

There are fourteen cities which include: Balanga in Bataan; Malolos, Meycauayan and San Jose del Monte in Bulacan; Cabanatuan, Gapan, Muñoz, Palayan and San Jose in Nueva Ecija; Angeles, Mabalacat and San Fernando in Pampanga; Tarlac in Tarlac; and Olongapo in Zambales. Central Luzon produces the most rice in the whole country. Excess rice is delivered and imported to other provinces of the Philippines. 

The City of San Fernando, in Pampanga, is the regional center.

Aurora was transferred from Region IV by Executive Order No. 103.

In 2000, 86.9% of the population of Central Luzon was Roman Catholic. Other religions include Iglesia Ni Cristo, Aglipayan, Evangelicals, United Methodist, Jehovah's Witnesses, Seventh-day Adventist and United Church of Christ in the Philippines. In addition there are smaller numbers of other religions.

Central Luzon has 7 provinces, 14 cities, 116 municipalities, and 3,102 barangays.

Central Luzon has fourteen cities. San Jose del Monte is the city with the most population. Meycauayan is the most densely populated city in the region. Tarlac City is the largest based on land area.


José Emilio Pacheco

José Emilio Pacheco Berny (June 30, 1939 – January 26, 2014) was a Mexican poet, essayist, historian, novelist and short story writer. He is thought as one of the major Mexican poets of the second half of the 20th century. The Berlin International Literature Festival has praised him as "one of the most significant contemporary Latin American poets".

Pacheco died from cardiac arrest in Mexico City, Mexico on January 26, 2014, aged 74.


Ellen Vogel

Ellen Marie Elze Anthing Vogel (January 26, 1922 – August 5, 2015) was a Dutch television, movie, and stage actress.

Vogel was born on January 26, 1922 in The Hague, Netherlands. She was raised in Amsterdam.

Vogel married Hans Jürgen Tobi in 1942. They divorced in 1949. She was in a relationship with Fons Rademakers from 1950 to 1955. Vogel then married James Münninghoff in 1976. Their marriage lasted until his death in 2012. Vogel had a son with Hans, Peter Paul.

Vogel died in Amsterdam at the age of 93.

Valley of the Kings

The Valley of the Kings ( ) is a valley in Egypt. From the 16th to 11th centuries BC, tombs were built there for the Pharaohs and powerful nobles.

The valley is on the west bank of the Nile across from Luxor. Some of the people buried there are:

The valley is one of the most famous archaeological sites in the world. In 1979 it became a World Heritage Site, with the rest of the Theban Necropolis. Exploration, excavation and conservation continues in the valley, and a new tourist centre has recently been opened.

There is little year-round rain in this part of Egypt, but there are rare flash floods that hit the valley. These tons of debris into the open tombs.


Oberlin College

Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college in Oberlin, Ohio. It was the first college in the United States to accept African-American students as well as female students. It is also known for the Oberlin Conservatory of Music. Oberlin is a member of the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the Five Colleges of Ohio consortium.

Oberlin College and the town of Oberlin were started together in 1833. In 1837, the college began a program of ; admitting female students. In 1835, the college began a policy of education. The Board of Trustees voted to allow black students at a time when there was only one black person living in the county. The first black student was a former slave, James Bradley from Cincinnati. The first building was Tappan Hall, named for Arthur Tappan of New York City. It was both a dormitory and classroom. In 1903 Memorial Arch was constructed. It was to honor those from Oberlin college who were killed in the Boxer Rebellion in China.

In 1865, Oberlin started its music program. A music conservatory is on the college campus. Students benefit from over 500 performances yearly, most free of charge, with concerts and recitals almost daily. The Conservatory was one of the recipients of the 2009 National Medal of Arts.

The Allen Memorial Art Museum is on the college campus. It holds an art collection showing the history of Art that has 12,000 pieces. It also has a unique art rental program. At the beginning of every semester, students camp out in front of the north gate to get first pick of artwork by artists including Renoir, Dalí, and Picasso.

Chulipuram

Chulipuram is a village in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. Its area is .

Saraiki language

Saraiki (sometimes spelled Siraiki and Seraiki) is a Punjabi variety or group of dialects, spoken in southern regions of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It belongs to the Lahnda (Western Punjabi) group. Saraiki is native to southern Punjab, while it is also spoken in parts of northern Sindh, Balochistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan; as well as by partition migrants and their descendants in India.

It is sometimes claimed to be a language, although it lacks certain traits to be referred to as a distinct language, and is widely recognized as a variety of Punjabi.

The major forms of dialects of the variety include Multani, Bahawalpuri (Riasti) and Derawali.

The word Saraiki is probably derived from the Sindhi word Siraiki for its own dialect, which means dialect of Sero/Siro (Sauvīra) region in ancient Sindh. today the name of Siraiki dialect of Sindhi is changed to Siroli/Sireli to not create confusion.

Ypäjä

Ypäjä is a municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. About 2,485 people lived there in 2013. The municipalities next to it are Jokioinen, Somero, Loimaa and Humppila.

Ypäjä was established in 1876. It is famous for its horses.




Infamous: Second Son

Infamous: Second Son is a PlayStation 4 open world action-adventure game made by Sucker Punch Productions and Sony. It is the third game of the "Infamous" series.

A Seattle graffiti artist discovers he has superhuman powers. He protects the population from the enemy terrorist organization called the Department of Unified Protection. The game is based on the continuing storyline carried out through previous ones.

Killzone: Shadow Fall

Killzone: Shadow Fall is a first-person shooter video game. It is developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the sixth game to be released for the "Killzone" series and the fourth game in the series for gaming consoles. The game was released on 15 November 2013 as a launch title for the PlayStation 4.

Knack

Knack is a platform video game. It is published by Sony Computer Entertainment and developed by Japan Studio working with game director Mark Cerny. The game was made for the PlayStation 4, and was released as a launch title for that video game console. It was officially announced by Cerny on February 20, 2013 during PlayStation Meeting 2013 in New York City. The game was released on November 15, 2013 in North America and November 29, 2013 in Europe. It was released in Japan on February 22, 2014. The game received generally low scores from most reviewers like IGN, but received an eight-out-of-ten from Destructiod.

Knack discovers that he has a skill ("knack") that allows him to incorporate ice, metal and other substances into his body, giving him new abilities. He then uses these powers to try to end the war between the humans and goblins.

Thief (2014 video game)

Thief is a stealth video game. It was developed by Eidos Montreal. It was published by Square Enix. It is a remake of the "Thief" series. The game is the fourth game in its collection. It was released for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One consoles on February 25, 2014. The game was first announced in 2009 under the working title of "Thief 4", but was revealed again in March 2013 as just "Thief".

Pope Anacletus

Pope Anacletus, also sometimes referred to as Pope Cletus, was the third Pope of the Catholic Church, (the official title is Bishop of Rome). He served from 76-88 C.E. He established a Christian community in Ruvo, Apulia, where he baptized Christian followers in secret.

After the death of the second Pope, Linus, Anacletus returned to Rome. He divided the area into what would today be called parishes or small groups. He established a small chapel near the burial sites of Peter and Linus which is the site of today's Basilica of St. Peter.

He was killed during the reign of the Emperor Domitian for being a Christian leader. He was also buried near Peter and Linus.

Daylight (video game)

Daylight is an upcoming survival horror video game for the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows. It was developed by Zombie Studios. It is powered by Unreal Engine 4. It was released in North America on April 29, 2014. It was released in the PAL region on April 30, 2014. It was released in Japan on August 28, 2014.

The story is centered around a woman who regains consciousness in an abandoned hospital. She has no memory of how she got there. With her mobile phone as her only source of light, she must explore the haunted hospital and its criminal past in order to escape. The terrain outside the hospital is randomly generated, so that every time you play it is different.

John Berryman

John Berryman (October 25, 1914 – January 7, 1972) was an important American poet in the second part of the 1900s. He was born in McAlester, Oklahoma on October 25, 1914. He was seen as one of the chief poets of confessional poetry.

When John Berryman was born in Oklahoma, his name was John Allyn Smith, Jr.. His father was a banker named John Allyn Smith. His mother was a schoolteacher named Martha. When he was ten years old his family moved to Tampa, Florida. In 1926, when he was twelve years old, his father shot and killed himself. This haunted the poet for the rest of his life.

After his father died, his mother married another banker named John. His last name was Berryman. The poet took his father's name, so he ended up with the same last name as his stepfather. They moved to New York City. John was sent to a private boarding school in Connecticut. He went on to graduate from Columbia College.

The book "Five Young American Poets" had some of his earliest poems alongside other poets like Randall Jarrell. The publisher of this book also published Berryman's first book, "Poems". His next book, "The Dispossessed", was more mature but received mostly bad reviews. When Jarrell reviewed Berryman's book, he wrote that Berryman's poems sounded too much like William Butler Yeats. Berryman later said, "I didn't want to be "like" Yeats; I wanted to "be" Yeats."

In 1947 John Berryman started seeing a married woman while he was married to his first wife. He wrote many sonnets about her, but they were not published until 1967.

In 1950 he wrote a biography of the writer Stephen Crane, who he admired. He also published a book of poems called "Homage to Mistress Bradstreet." This book also featured drawings by the artist Ben Shahn. It was his first book to get attention from people all across the United States of America.

Even though "Homage to Mistress Bradstreet" was successful, Berryman's biggest breakthrough came with "77 Dream Songs" in 1964. This book won the Pulitzer Prize in 1965. Berryman wrote a much longer sequel, "His Toy, HIs Dream, His Rest". This book was just as successful. He later combined the two into one book, "The Dream Songs".

On January 7, 1972, John Berryman killed himself by jumping off the Washington Avenue Bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Berryman wrote about shame, like mental illness and lust. He said that he was not writing about himself but about made-up people. Despite this remark, many critics believe Berryman did write about himself. John Berryman's best-known poems were called Dream Songs. He put out the 385 Dream Songs in two books: "77 Dream Songs" and "His Toy, His Dream, His Rest." Later he put them into one book: "The Dream Songs".


Destiny (video game)

Destiny is a first-person shooter video game. It uses an open world setting. It is developed by Bungie and published by Activision as part of a ten-year publishing deal. The game was released on the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One video game consoles on September 9, 2014. Bungie demonstrated live gameplay footage of "Destiny" at Sony's E3 conference in 2013.

The player plays a guardian. The traveller is dying and it is the guardian's job to save it by defeating its one enemy, the darkness. The guardian goes to Earth, Moon, Mars and Venus. The character completes quests for the vanguard committee to save the traveller. The darkness is made up of 4 enemies: The Hive, Cabal, Vex and The Fallen.

Don't Starve

Don't Starve is an action-adventure game. It uses features of a survival horror, set in an open world environment. It is developed and published by Klei Entertainment. The game was released on Microsoft Windows, OS X and Linux through Steam on April 23, 2013. It was released on the PlayStation 4 on January 7, 2014.

Wilson starts with nothing.
Wilson gets tricked by Maxwell, and gets taken into the world of Don't Starve.

Willow starts with a Lighter, and a teddy bear. Willow is usually used by trolls.
Willow came from an orphanage that mysteriously burnt down.

The teddy bear is named Bernie. Bernie will attract shadow creatures, has 2,000 health, and does 50 dmg per hit.

The lighter will, as expected, light things on fire.

Wolfgang grows mighty when on a full belly, and is a very strong character. He has double damage when on a full stomach.

Dragon Age: Inquisition

Dragon Age: Inquisition is an upcoming action video game. It is developed by BioWare and published by Electronic Arts. It is a sequel to "" and "Dragon Age II". It is the third major game in the "Dragon Age" series.

Driveclub

Driveclub is a racing video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was developed by "Evolution Studios" for the PlayStation 4. "Driveclub" was officially announced during the PlayStation 4 press conference on 20 February 2013. The game was released on 7 October 2014.

Mad Max (2015 video game)

Mad Max is an upcoming video game. It is set in an open world environment after civilization has been destroyed. It is based on the "Mad Max" film series. It is published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and developed by Avalanche Studios.

The game was officially revealed at "E3" on June 10, 2013 during a Sony press conference. It is set to be released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One in 2015.

Pope Clement I

Pope Clement was the fourth Pope of the Catholic Church, (the official title is Bishop of Rome). He served the early Catholic Church from 8897 C.E. He was born in Velletri, Latium and came from a very important family. He was the son of a Roman senator, Faustinus, and the cousin of Roman consul Tiberius Flavius Clemens.

He was recognized as a great historian and recorded many important events in his time such as the martyrdom of his predecessors and the settling of disputes among Christians. During a time of trouble within the Christian community, Clement wrote to the church in Corinth, asking them to end their dispute with their fellow Christians, which they did. This established the precedent of Popes being the final person to decide the rules within the Church. He either established, or continued the practice of recording the laws and customs of the Church.

Clement's persecution began with Emperor Trajan who sent him to do hard labor in a mine. He used that time to teach his fellow Christians and it was said that during that time he even taughted some pagans in Christianity. He is also credited with performing a miracle during that time. He is know as the "Pope of Convicts".

His martyrdom was described as being tied to an anchor and dragged out to sea.

His relics and the anchor were retrieved and preserved in a church that was submerged in the Black Sea. During part of the year, it can still be seen and entered into today.

Clement is one of the three popes mentioned by name in the New Testament along with Peter and Linus.

This pope has been very highly regarded through the centuries and is still honored today by the Russian Orthodox Catholics in Ukraine and by all Catholics in their ceremonial liturgy. He is considered a Saint of the church and his feast day is November 23. 

Fantasia

Fantasia can mean several things:



Bourbon

Bourbon can mean several things:


Romance (love)

Romance or romantic love is a feeling of excitement and mystery associated with love. In relationships, it involves a strong emotional attraction towards the other person. A romantic relationship focuses on feelings, rather than sex. Romantic love is different from platonic love.

Romance is often strongest at the beginning of relationships. It comes with uncertainty and anxiety that the love may not be returned.

The modern concept of romantic love comes from the medieval ideals of chivalry, as set out in its chivalric romance literature, andwas made popular in Western culture by the concept of courtly love. Knights were often said to have had intimate relationships with the noble ladies they served. Those relationships were usually not physical. Since marriage was commonly just a formal arrangement without love, courtly love allowed women to be emotionally intimate with a man.

Romance is a major theme found in art, particularly literature and fiction. It is often found in fairy tales, women's fiction and the writings of people like William Shakespeare.


2010–11 Chicago Blackhawks season

The 2010–11 Chicago Blackhawks season was the team's 85th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The team suffered from salary cap restrictions and lost several players due to it. They also had to recover from winning their first Stanley Cup in 40 years. The team was defeated in the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs by the Presidents' Trophy-winning Vancouver Canucks.

Alexander Varshavsky

Alexander Jacob Varshavsky (; born November 8, 1946) is a Russian-American biochemist, noted for his discovery of the N-end rule of ubiquitination. A native of Moscow, he is currently researching at Caltech.

In 2014 he was awarded the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work.


Hugo Stiglitz

Hugo Stiglitz (born August 28, 1940) is an Mexican actor who has appeared in over 100 movies. 

He was known for his roles in "Tintorera" and "La Noche de los mil gatos". He is known in the United States for his roles in "Under the Volcano". Quentin Tarantino named a character "Hugo Stiglitz" (played by actor Til Schweiger) in the movie "Inglourious Basterds" in his honor.

In 2013, Stiglitz played Juan "Johnny" Bravo in Eugenio Derbez comedy movie "Instructions Not Included".

Stiglitz was born on August 27, 1940 in Mexico City, Mexico.


Guilt (emotion)

Guilt is a feeling that a person has when they realise or believe that they have done something wrong. This usually depends on that person's own conscience, their understanding of right and wrong. Guilt is usually related to remorse ("feeling sorry"). The American Psychological Association (APA) defines "guilt" as a “self-conscious emotion” denoted by a “painful appraisal of having done (or thought) something that is wrong.” It also notes that such emotion can inspire people to reverse or compensate for perceived wrongdoing.

The origins of guilt as a human emotion are widely debated and theorized within many different disciplines. Examples of avenues through which guilt may be derived include society, culture, religion, and family.

According to Carolyn Zahn-Waxler, professor of psychology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and Grazyna Kochanska, professor of developmental psychology at the University of Iowa, people first experience guilt during conscious development in childhood. Because guilt is complex and empathetic, many professionals characterize it as a defining emotion that distinguishes humans from other animals.

Guilt can sometimes cause anxiety. A person may react to their guilt in either a peaceful or violent way. A person might begin blaming the victim of their own actions. Guilt contributes to many psychological conditions and to psychopathy. For example, some researchers suggest that sociopaths have little or no regard for others and therefore feel little guilt. Conversely, people who have schizophrenia or depression feel too much guilt and may find themselves projecting guilt onto hallucinations or ruminating on past mistakes. Additionally, people who experience anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), may become preoccupied with guilt about their thoughts or actions.

Carmen Salinas

Carmen Salinas Lozano (October 5, 1939 – December 9, 2021) was a Mexican actress, impressionist, comedian, politician and theatre entrepreneur. She was thought to be one of the first actress' in Mexico. She has appeared in over 100 movies.

She was known for her roles in "María Mercedes", "Hombre en llamas", "La rose de Guadalupe", "La familia P. Luche", "Mujeres Asesinas 2", and in "Parodiando". Salinas is known for her movie role in "Abrázame muy fuerte".

Salinas was born on October 5, 1939 in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico.

In an interview conducted with "El Universal" in March 2015, Salinas declared that she "had been a "priísta" ever since [she] had the use of reason".

In 2015, the PRI placed Salinas on its proportional representation list for election from the fourth electoral region, winning her a seat in the Chamber of Deputies for the LXIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress; Salinas served on the Gender Equality, Radio and Television, and Health Commissions. Salinas, who only completed primary school, had the lowest educational level of all the deputies in the legislature.

Salinas had a stroke caused by hypertension on November 11, 2021 in Mexico City and was hospitalized while in a coma. She died a month later on December 9, 2021 at the age of 82.

On November 11, 2021, Salinas suffered a cerebral hemorrhage, brought upon by hypertension, which caused her to lapse into a coma. Salinas never regained consciousness and died on December 9, 2021, at the age of 82 in Mexico City.


Through the Wormhole

Through the Wormhole is an American science documentary television series. It is narrated and hosted by Morgan Freeman. It has different episodes explaining about the wormhole, the universe, and mysteries about life. It's musical score is composed by Hans Zimmer. It's first episode was broadcasted on June 9, 2010.

Patricia Reyes Spíndola

Patricia Verónica Núñez Reyes Spíndola (born July 11, 1953) is a Mexican actress, television director and producer. She has appeared in over 150 movies since her career began in 1974. Her first movie role was in "La otra virginidad". She twice appeared in the Mexican crime series "Mujeres Asesinas". Spíndola appeared in the 2002 movie "Frida".

Spíndola was born on July 11, 1953 in Oaxaca, Mexico.


Edmond Classen

Edmond Alphons Antoine Marie Classen (May 16, 1938 – January 27, 2014) was an Dutch movie, stage, and television actor. Classen appeared on many movies and over 50 television shows since his career began in 1975. His first role was in "Amsterdam 700". His last role was in the 2012 movie "Black Out".

Classen was born on May 16, 1938 in Arnhem, Netherlands. His daughter, Kiki Classen, is also a Dutch actress. Classen died on January 27, 2014 in his home in Arnhem, Netherlands from heart failure, aged 75.


Pope Evaristus

Pope Evaristus is the fifth Pope of the Catholic Church, (the official title is Bishop of Rome). There is very little information about him. He served in Christianity during the years 97-105 C.E.

Author Charles A. Coulombe states that he was a Jew and came from a Jewish family from Antioch, Turkey.

Pope Evaristus is noted for further developing the parishes of the Catholic Church, a work started by Pope Anacletus. He is also credited with ordering that all Churches be consecrated (blessed) by special ceremonies. He created a method of choosing future bishops by the creation of a group which is now known as the College of Cardinals.

He was martyred during the reign of Emperor Hadrian. His feast day is celebrated on October 26.

Li Na

Li Na or Na Li may refer to:


Li Na (tennis)

Li Na (born February 26, 1982) is a Chinese retired professional tennis player. As of January 2014, Li has won 9 WTA and 19 ITF singles titles.

On September 19, 2014, Li announced that she was retiring from tennis after she had missed the US Open Series because of a left knee injury.


Einstein's Cross

Einstein's Cross is an image of a quasar which is 8,000,000,000 light years (ly) or 2,500,000,000 parsecs (pc) away.

The quasar sits directly behind ZW 2237+030, Huchra's lens, the lensing galaxy. Four images of the same distant quasar appear around this foreground galaxy due to strong gravitational lensing.

According to its redshift, the quasar is about 8 billion light years from Earth, while the lensing galaxy is only 400 million light years away.

Amateur astronomers are able to see some of the cross using telescopes but it requires extremely dark skies and telescope mirrors with diameters of 18 inches or greater.

Asa Akira

Asa Akira (born January 3, 1986) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress and model. Akira has appeared in over 505 adult films as of May 2016.

San Fernando, Pampanga

San Fernando is a city in the Philippine province of Pampanga. It is the capital of that province. It is north of Manila, east of Subic Bay in the Zambales province, and south of Clark Air Base in Angeles City.

The city is named after Fernando VI of Spain. Its patron saint is Saint Ferdinand III of Castile and León. It is known as the "Christmas Capital of the Philippines". The city holds the annual Giant Lantern Festival every December where large lanterns are displayed in competition.

The City of San Fernando has 35 barangays.




Jorge Obeid

Jorge Alberto Obeid (24 November 1947 – 28 January 2014) was an Argentine Justicialist Party (PJ) politician, currently an Argentine Chamber of Deputies and former governor of Santa Fe Province until 2007.

Obeid was born in Diamante, Entre Ríos on 24 November 1947. He died on 28 January 2014 of a pulmonary embolism.


Hans Georg Dehmelt

Hans Georg Dehmelt (9 September 1922 – 7 March 2017) was a German-born American physicist. He was awarded Nobel Prize in Physics in 1989, for co-developing the ion trap technique with Wolfgang Paul. They shared one-half of the prize (the other half of the Prize in that year was awarded to Norman Foster Ramsey). Their technique was used for high precision measurement of the electron g-factor.

Dehmelt died on 7 March 2017 in the Seattle, Washington from natural causes, aged 94.


Norman Foster Ramsey Jr.

Norman Foster Ramsey, Jr. (August 27, 1915 – November 4, 2011) was an American physicist. He was awarded the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physics with Hans Georg Dehmelt.

Ramsay was born on August 27, 1915 in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Columbia University and at the University of Cambridge.

He was a physics professor at Harvard University for most of his career, Ramsey also held several posts with such government and international agencies as NATO and the United States Atomic Energy Commission. Among his other accomplishments are helping to found the United States Department of Energy's Brookhaven National Laboratory and Fermilab.

Ramsay was a Democrat. Ramsay died on November 4, 2011 in Wayland, Massachusetts from natural causes, aged 96.



Leo Esaki

Reona Esaki (江崎 玲於奈 "Esaki Reona", born March 12, 1925), also known as Leo Esaki, is a Japanese physicist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 with Ivar Giaever and Brian David Josephson. He won the prize for his discovery of the phenomenon of electron tunneling. 

He is known for his invention of the Esaki diode, which exploited that phenomenon. This research was done when he was with Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo (now known as Sony). He has also contributed in being a pioneer of the semiconductor superlattice while he was with IBM.

Esaki was born on March 12, 1925 in Osaka, Japan. He studied at the University of Tokyo.


HMS Beagle

HMS "Beagle" was a "Cherokee"-class ship of the Royal Navy. It was launched on 11 May 1820 from the Woolwich Dockyard on the River Thames. It is best known for a voyage that carried Charles Darwin.

On 22 May 1826, "Beagle" left to survey bodies of water in Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego. One of the bodies of water found was named the Beagle Channel after the ship. During the voyage, Captain Pringle Stokes became depressed and shot himself. He died ten days later. Robert FitzRoy became the new captain. Beagle returned to England on 14 October 1830.

On 27 December 1831, the "Beagle" began her second voyage.

Captain FitzRoy did not want to have the stress and loneliness that led to the suicide of the first captain. He looked for someone to go on the voyage to keep him company. The person found was Charles Darwin.

On this voyage, the crew did surveys in South America. "Beagle" returned to Falmouth, Cornwall, England on 2 October 1836.

Darwin kept a diary of the things he saw and did on this voyage. He rewrote it as the book called "Journal and Remarks". The book was published in 1839 as the third volume of the official account of the expedition. It was very popular. It was reprinted many times with different titles. It eventually became known as "The Voyage of the Beagle".

In 1837, "Beagle" went to survey the coast of Australia. Commander John Clements Wickham was in charge. They started with the western coast between the Swan River (modern Perth, Australia) and the Fitzroy River. They then surveyed both shores of the Bass Strait. In May 1839 they sailed north to survey the shores of the Arafura Sea opposite Timor. This voyage ended in 1843.

Many places around the coast were named on this voyage. Many of the places were named for important people or members of the crew. Wickham named Port Darwin in honour of Charles Darwin. A settlement there became the town of Palmerston in 1869, and was renamed Darwin in 1911.

During this survey, the Beagle Gulf was named after the ship.


Footscray

Footscray is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is 5 kilometres from Melbourne's centre. About 13,000 people live in Footscray.

Footscray is built largely on the traditional lands of the Kulin nation. Footscray has been home to the Aboriginal Woiwurrung and Boonwurrung tribes of the Kulin nation for over 40,000 years.

The suburbs around Footscray are Seddon, West Footscray, Braybrook, Flemington, Maidstone,Yarraville, Kingsville and West Melbourne.

Footscray is famous as a multicultural meeting point. Footscray's 1300 people come from 135 different countries. It is at the centre of cultural life in Melbourne's west and the centre for new arrivals to Melbourne's west since the 1950s. The shopping areas around Footscray Station represent the diversity of migration to Australia. There are many Vietnamese, Ethiopian, Filipino, Indian, Somali, Afghani, Chinese, Burmese, South Sudanese restaurants and businesses as well as many others. Try T. Cavallaro & Sons which have been making Melbourne's best cannoli in Footscray for more than 50 years.

Footscray is home to two fresh food markets. There is the Footscray Market that is opposite the Footscray Train
Station. This market is open from Tuesdays to Saturdays. Footscray Market has
many butchers and fishmongers as well as some fresh fruit and vegetables. Go to
Footscray Market near closing time for bargains! There is also the Little
Saigon Market on Byron Street which is open everyday. Little Saigon is a wet
market where you can get fruits and vegetables at the cheapest prices in
Melbourne. Its noisy, busy and you can always try everything before you buy.


Goebel Brewing Company

The Goebel Brewing Company was a brewing company in Detroit, Michigan. It was started by August Goebel. It later expanded to produce Goebel Private Stock 22 in Muskegon, Michigan and Oakland, California. From 1950 to 1959, it outsold all other beers in Michigan.

The company sponsored the Detroit Lions football team, the Detroit Tigers baseball team, and the Detroit Red Wings hockey team.

In 1961, their head brewmaster died. They hired a new brewmaster from Germany and sales fell. In 1964, they sold out to another Detroit brewery, The Stroh Brewing Company. After 150 years, the Goebel Brewing Company was out of business.

Stroh produced a cheap beer under the Goebel Beer name for a few years before selling out themselves.

Persian Empire

The Persian Empire, or Iranian Empire (Persian: شاهنشاهی ایران, Šâhanšâhi-ye Irân), refers to the dynastic-states of Persian origin that ruled Iran from the Medes to the Pahlavi period. "Persia" was the term used by outsiders; its people called the country "Iran".



Companion planting

In gardening and farming, companion planting is the planting of different crops next to each other. It is done to help the crops grow and to use the space available as much as possible.

Depending on the crops chosen, companion planting may encourage processes that help the plants, such as pollination. Some companion plants may help stop pests, such as caterpillars or fungi, from damaging the crop. Some of these, called "trap crops" attract pests away from the crop. Other plants may serve as shelter for the crops.

Many of the basic principles of companion planting were used thousands of years ago in Mesoamerica. From about 8,000 years ago, Native American peoples grew squash, maize and common beans together. The stalk of the corn were there for the beans to climb, and the beans fixed nitrogen, helping the maize.


Russo-Turkish war

Russo-Turkish War refers to one of these wars between the Russian and Ottoman Empires:


2nd century BC

The 2nd century BC was a century that started on the first day of 200 BC and ended on the last day of 101 BC. It is considered part of the Classical period of history.

After having won the Second Punic War, the Roman Republic continued expanding by conquering neighbouring territories. It eventually made Greece part of its empire. It also took the coast of North Africa after destroying the city of Carthage at the end of the Third Punic War. In the east, the Seleucid Empire was forced to make concessions to Rome in order to avoid war. Rome came to dominate the Mediterranean Sea during this period. By the end of the century, its army changed from conscription to a voluntary professional force. These changes were known as the Marian Reforms.

In East Asia, China became very successful under the Han Dynasty. Its empire extended from Korea in the east to Vietnam in the South and, to the borders of what is today Kazakhstan in the west. The Han also try to get help in fighting the Xiongnu from the Yuezhi people in the west. It is also during this century that the first paper was made in China.

In 101 BC, the Cimbri create a taste for Italian extra fancy things. Signs, counting the unconstrained development of the sacrosanct shields. Marius joins up with the armed force of Catulus. Marius and Catulus destroy the Cimbri at Campi Raudii, close Vercellae. News of the fight of Vercellae marvelously comes to Rome on the same day. Marius awards Roman citizenship to officers from Camerinum. Aquillius routs the remaining revolt slaves and closes their revolt.   

The triumph of Marius and Catullus. The passing of Ruler Cleopatra, supposedly killed by her child, Ptolemaeus Alexander.Elections for unused tribunes: A.Nunnius, one of the candidates, is killed by supporters of Saturninus. The aediles L.Crassus and Q.Scaevola hold wonderful games.  Publicius Malleolus is indicted of matricide. Glaucia passes a law on extortion. Catullus devotes a sanctuary to Fortuna Huiusce Diei, and employments the booty from the war against the Cimbri to construct a colonnade.

John Newman

John Newman (born 16 June 1990) is an English singer. He was the youngest English singer to enter world top charts in first position with "Love Me Again" and in the Top 40 awards with "Love Me Again" and "Cheating" in 2013. His first single, "Feel The Love", was released in 2012. He lives in London but he is from Settle (Yorkshire). He worked with Rudimental two times. In 2013 he presented his album "Tribute". The songs in this album are "Tribute", "Love Me Again", "Losing Sleep", "Easy", "Try", "Out Of My Head", "Cheating", "Running", "Gold Dust", "Goodnight Goodbye", and "All I Need Is You". The genres he sings are soul, pop and breakbeat. He has been nominated for two Brit Awards in 2013 and 2014.

Nuclease

A nuclease is an enzyme which cuts the bonds between the nucleotide subunits of nucleic acids, which are the building blocks of DNA and RNA. These enzymes act like molecular scissors, cutting the phosphodiester bonds that hold nucleotides together in these genetic molecules. Nucleases are essential in various cellular processes, including DNA repair, replication, and gene regulation. Well known nucleases are deoxyribonuclease and ribonuclease.

Nucleases may have the prefix "endo" or "exo" added to the name. Endonucleases break nucleic acid chains somewhere in the middle of the molecule. Exonucleases remove nucleotides from the ends of DNA molecules.

A restriction endonuclease does a specific job. It scans the length of a DNA molecule. Once it finds a particular sequence, it binds to the DNA molecule and makes a cut in each of the two sugar-phosphate backbones.

Different endonucleases cut in different places, but one endonuclease will always cut a particular base sequence the same way, no matter what DNA molecule it is acting on. Once the cuts have been made, the DNA molecule breaks into fragments. In fact, more than 900 restriction enzymes, some sequence specific and some not, have been isolated from over 230 strains of bacteria since their discovery.

These enzymatic tools were important to scientists who were gathering the tools needed to "cut and paste" DNA molecules. They needed a tool to cut DNA at specific sites, rather than at random sites along the length of the molecule. This way they could cut DNA molecules in a predictable way.

This whole field of research started many years ago with the Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment.

Aretino Records

Aretino was an American record label. It was in business from about 1907 to 1914. Aretino was started by Arthur J. O’Neill. He started many record and phonograph businesses in the Chicago area. O’Neill named this company in honor of Guido Aretino, an 11th-century Italian monk.

Aretino is an odd type of record because the hole in the center is very large compared to the normal size. It is the largest ever for a record that was made for people to use in their houses. Like many of O'Neill's other companies, Aretino was run as a premium scheme. A phonograph (record player) was offered for not much money. However, this record player could only play Aretino records because it came with a 3-inch spindle. O’Neill also offered adapters for Aretino discs. These allowed the discs to be played on record players that had normal spindles, or even on a Busy Bee machine (another O’Neill brand) which had two spindles instead of one.

Aretino did not make any of its own recordings: it borrowed masters from other companies. The first series of Aretino records had music on only one side of the disc. They were each given a catalog number beginning with the letter A. The music was recorded on them by Leeds & Catlin. Leeds and Catlin also made a group of records for Aretino with catalog numbers starting with the letter D. These records have a recording on both sides. They are very hard to find now. Leeds & Catlin was later shut down by court order for patent infringement. After that, Aretino records were made for a short time by two record companies named Hawthorne & Sheble and Zonophone. These companies kept making records which only had music on one side of the record. They also kept using catalog numbers beginning with "A".

It was not long after this that Columbia became the maker of these records. No other companies made records for Aretino after Columbia began to make them. These records have a catalog number that begins with the letter "D" and then numbers that are larger than 500. They have music on both sides. Of all Aretino records, these are the most common. Most records from this time period have a diameter of 10 inches. Columbia also made a group of records for Aretino that are 12 inches in diameter. These are very hard to find. They have catalog numbers with the letter "A" at the beginning. Aretino stopped making anything after the year 1914.
The music on the Aretino label was like most music from those years. Some artists on Aretino are Henry Burr, William F. Denny, Byron G. Harlan, Ada Jones, Billy Murray, Vess Ossman, Steve Porter, Cal Stewart, and Bert Williams.

Shotgun Sports

Shotgun Sports is a competitive shooting sport involving shotguns. Shotgun Sports include several different events, each with different rules. The general goal of a shotgun event is to break a clay target, but the targets are thrown in different manners depending on the game.

In sporting clays, a shooter will walk through a course generally consisting of ten stations. Each station will have two targets that are thrown as a true pair or as a report pair(one thrown on pull command and one thrown on gun fire). Sporting clay courses are generally scored out of a 100.

Trap is another clay target event. A game of trap is scored out of 25, and a full trap event generally consists of 4 trap games, or 100 targets. In this event, a team of 5 shooters lines up behind a trap house. Inside the trap house is a pivoting arm that throws a clay out at a random direction when 'pull' is called. To vary the difficulty of this game, shooters can stand farther back from the house.

In the skeet shooting event, a shooter moves around a field in a semi circle. Skeet, like Trap, is also a 25 target game, with skeet events generally consisting of four games. There are 8 stations on the field. On one end of a field is a high house, and on the other end of the field, there is a low house. On station 1, 2, 6, and 7 a high single, low single, and double are shot. On stations 3, 4, and 5 a high single and low single are shot. Station 8 is in between the high and low house. At this station, the shooter faces the high house, shoots a high single, then turns and faces the low house to shoot a low single. This totals 24 targets. The last target, to make 25, comes from what is referred to as the option. The option is a target that is shot after the first target that is missed. If the shooter misses the high bird on station 1, the high bird is shot again. If the shooter makes it all the way around the field without missing a bird, a second low single is shot on station 8, totaling a perfect 25. 


Vince Carter

Vincent Lamar Carter (born January 26, 1977) is an American professional basketball player. He plays as a shooting guard or small forward for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Toronto Raptors, New Jersey Nets, Orlando Magic, Memphis Grizzlies, Phoenix Suns, and Dallas Mavericks.

After being drafted in 1998 as the fifth overall pick, Carter quickly emerged as a league star.

Carter is an eight-time NBA all-star. In 1999, he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award. In 2000, he won the famous Slam Dunk Contest at the NBA All-star Weekend.

His talent for slam-dunks earned him nicknames such as "Vinsanity," "Air Canada," and "Half-Man, Half-Amazing.". Vince led his first team, the Toronto Raptors to their first three playoff appearances. Despite his notability as an exceptional basketball player, he has yet to win a championship.

Chr

In computing, chr is a type of file format commonly used for graphics (i.e. 3D Max Characters and Homebrew NES Dev Graphics) and character sets.

chr files are used to draw 8x8 tiles for homebrew NES development. To draw graphics for the NES such as backgrounds or sprites, they must be pieced together using 8x8 pixel tiles constrained to 4 colors.
The contents of a chr file can be summed up as multiple lines of bit strings. For example, take the first line of the chr file for the game Super Mario Bros.
000000000011000011110001111100010000000011110001110000100100001000000110011001100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000111110000001111110011111101111111
When reading the file, it is interpreted as 2 equal length bit strings, such as
String 1 = 0000000000110000111100011111000100000000111100011100001001000010011001100110
String 2 = 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000011111001111110011111101111111
The position of these 2 bit strings represent a pixel in an 8x8 tile, going in row-column order. The color of the pixel can be found out using a simple formula:

The color is irrelevant because it is chosen through the code by the programmer with the attribute table, so it is the bit combination that is significant and there is no storage of color values

Organotroph

An organotroph is an organism that lives off organic compounds. It is a word used in microbiology to describe organisms based on how they get electrons for respiration (breathing). Some organotrophs are also heterotrophs. Organotrophs may or may not need oxygen in order to grow.

Lars Andreas Larssen

Lars Andreas Larssen (27 March 1935 – 29 January 2014) was a Norwegian stage, movie and television actor. His career began in 1957 when he starred in the movie "Nine Lives". In 1959, Larssen starred in a bigger role in the movie "The Master and His Servants".

Larssen was born on 27 March 1935 in Hadsel, Norway. He studied acting at the Folketeatret. Larssen was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2003 and was forced to retire due to his illness. He lived in Oslo during his last years with his wife Monna Tandberg. Larssen died on 29 January 2014 in Oslo from the disease, aged 78.


Bohuslav Sobotka

Bohuslav Sobotka (born October 23, 1971 in Telnice) is a Czech politician. He served as chairman of the Czech Social Democratic Party (ČSSD) since 2011. He was nominated to be the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic on 17 January 2014 by President Miloš Zeman. He was soon chosen as Prime Minister on 29 January 2014. His term ended on 6 December 2017

Juan Orlando Hernández

Juan Orlando Hernández Alvarado, often written as JOH, (born 28 October 1968) is a Honduran politician and businessman and drug trafficker. He became the President of Honduras following his victory in the 2013 Honduran presidential election. He was inaugurated on January 27, 2014.

On 7 February 2022, Hernández was being investigated for corruption and drug trafficking. The U.S. government requested an extradition against him for his involvement with narcotics on 14 February. After issuing an extradition warrant, Hernández decided to surrender to US authorities on February 15, 2022. A day later, Hernández was arrested at his home in Tegucigalpa. On 21 April 2022, Hernández was extradited to the United States. On 8 March 2024, Hernández was convicted of three counts of drug trafficking and weapons conspiracy and faces mandatory minimum sentence of 40 years in prison.


Ryan Malgarini

Ryan Timothy Malgarini (born June 12, 1992) is an American actor, and comedian. He is known for his role as Harry Coleman in "Freaky Friday".


Monty Hall

Monte Halparin, OC, OM (August 25, 1921 – September 30, 2017), known as Monty Hall, was a Canadian television producer, actor, singer, comedian, and sportscaster. He was best known as host of the television game show "Let's Make a Deal".

Hall was born Monte Halparin in Winnipeg, Manitoba on August 25, 1921. He studied at St. John's High School. 

Since Hall was on "Let's Make a Deal," Hall's name is used in a probability puzzle known as the "Monty Hall problem", which examines the counter-intuitive effect of switching one's choice of doors, one of which hides a prize, if "Monty" reveals an unwanted item behind a door the player did not choose.

Monty married Marilyn Plottel in 1947. They had three children. Plottel died on June 5, 2017.

On September 30, 2017, Hall died from heart failure at his home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 96.


Columbian mammoth

The Columbian mammoth ("Mammuthus columbi"), or Imperial mammoth, was a species of mammoth which lived late in the Pleistocene period. Its remains have been found in Canada, the United States, Nicaragua and Mexico.

The Columbian mammoth went extinct at the end of the ice ages about 11,000 years ago. It shared the fate of many other large mammals, whose extinction is attributed to hunting and climate change.

DNA studies show that the Columbian mammoth was a hybrid between woolly mammoths and another lineage descended from steppe mammoths. This hybridization happened more than 420,000 years ago.

These mammoths did not live in the Arctic regions of Canada, where the woolly mammoth lived. The ranges of the two species may have overlapped, and genetic evidence suggests that they interbred. Several sites have the skeletons of more than one Columbian mammoths. Maybe they died in incidents such as a drought, or perhaps these places were natural traps where individuals tended to die.

Phil Crane

Philip Miller "Phil" Crane (November 3, 1930 – November 8, 2014) was a former American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1969 to 2005. He was representing the 8th District of Illinois in the northwestern suburbs of Chicago. At the time of his defeat in the 2004 election, Crane was the longest-serving Republican member of the House.

Crane was born in Chicago, Illinois on November 3, 1930. Crane died of lung cancer at the home of his daughter, Rebekah, in Jefferson, Maryland on November 8, 2014, aged 84.

Pat Buchanan

Patrick Joseph "Pat" Buchanan (; born November 2, 1938) is an American conservative political commentator, author, columnist, politician, and broadcaster.

Buchanan was a senior advisor to three Presidents of the United States. They were Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, and Ronald Reagan. Buchanan was an original host on CNN's "Crossfire". He ran for president for the Republican presidential nomination in 1992 and 1996. He ran on the Reform Party ticket in the 2000 presidential election.

Buchanan was born in Washington, D.C. on November 2, 1938.



Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania

The Perelman School of Medicine (Penn Med), is the medical school of the University of Pennsylvania. It is an Ivy League school located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Opened in 1765, Penn Med is the first and oldest medical school in the United States. Today, the Perelman School of Medicine is a chief place of biological and medical research and education. It is one of the country's top medical schools. The school ranks among the highest recipients of the National Institutes of Health research awards.

John Morgan earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the College of Philadelphia (now called the University of Pennsylvania. He then earned Doctor of Medicine (MD) from the University of Edinburgh Medical School in Scotland. In 1765, after five years training in Edinburgh and touring Europe, Dr. Morgan returned to Philadelphia. There he opened the United States' first medical school at the University of Pennsylvania. He planned for the school to be one of the best medical schools in the country and the world. Dr. Morgan copied many teaching methods from his medical school.

The School of Medicine's professors were known internationally. Some of these were: Benjamin Rush, Philip Syng Physick, Robert Hare, William pepper, and Joseph Leidy. In 1847, a convention of medical doctors started the American Medical Association. The first President was Nathaniel Chapman, a professor at the School.

Constant function

In mathematics, a constant function is a function whose output value is the same for every input value. For example, the function formula_1 is a constant function because the value of  formula_2  is 4 regardless of the input value formula_3 (see image).

Formally, a constant function "f"("x"):R→R has the form  formula_4. Usually we write formula_5  or just  formula_6. 

Example: The function  formula_7  or just  formula_8  is the specific constant function where the output value is  formula_9. The domain is all real numbers ℝ. The codomain is just {4}. Namely, "y"(0)=4, "y"(−2.7)=4, "y"(π)=4... No matter what value of "x" is input, the output is "4".


In the context where it is defined, the derivative of a function measures the rate of change of function (output) values with respect to change in input values. A constant function does not change, so its derivative is 0. This is often written:  formula_12 .

Example:  formula_13  is a constant function. The derivative of "y" is the identically zero function   formula_14  .

The converse (opposite) is also true. That is, if the derivative of a function is zero everywhere, then the function is a constant function.

Mathematically we write these two statements: 

A function "f" : "A" → "B" is a constant function if "f"("a") = "f"("b") for every "a" and "b" in "A".

Real-world example: A store where every item is sold for 1 euro. The domain of this function is "items in the store". The codomain is "1 euro".

Example: Let "f" : "A" → "B" where "A"={X,Y,Z,W} and "B"={1,2,3} and "f"("a")=3 for every "a"∈"A". Then "f" is a constant function.

Example: "z"("x","y")=2 is the constant function from "A"=ℝ² to "B"=ℝ where every point ("x","y")∈ℝ² is mapped to the value "z"=2. The graph of this constant function is the horizontal plane (parallel to the "x"0"y" plane) in 3-dimensional space that passes through the point (0,0,2).

Example: The polar function "ρ"("φ")=2.5 is the constant function that maps every "angle" φ to the "radius" ρ=2.5. The graph of this function is the circle of radius 2.5 in the plane.

There are other properties of constant functions. See on English Wikipedia


Mixed-breed dog

A mixed-breed dog is a dog that is of more than one breed. For example, a Labradoodle is a dog with genes of both Labrador Retriever and poodle.

Other words for a mixed-breed dog are mongrel or mutt.

Inline skating

Inline skating is a kind of skating. It involves a person moving across land using shoes that have wheels on the bottom. It is similar to roller skating, except that the wheels are smaller and are in a single line. Inline skating is also called rollerblading, after the "Rollerblade" brand of skates. .

Inline skates usually have between 2 and 5 polyurethane wheels. These wheels are arranged in a single line. This allows for faster speeds than roller skates.

The Voyage of the Beagle

The Voyage of the Beagle is the usual title of the book written by Charles Darwin. He first published it in 1839 as his Journal and Remarks.

The title refers to the second survey expedition of the ship HMS "Beagle". The ship set sail from Plymouth Sound on 27 December 1831 under the command of Captain Robert FitzRoy R.N.

The expedition was originally planned to last two years, but it lasted almost five. The "Beagle" did not return until 2 October 1836. Darwin spent most of this time exploring on land (three years and three months on land; 18 months at sea). The ship dropped him off at various places and picked him up later.

The book is a vivid and exciting travel memoir as well as a detailed scientific field journal. It includes biology, geology, and anthropology. Darwin's observations were written at a time when Western Europeans were exploring and charting the whole world. Although Darwin revisited some areas during the expedition, for clarity the chapters of the book are ordered by places and locations rather than by date.

Darwin's notes made during the voyage include comments illustrating his thinking. Looking at the plants, animals, rocks and fossils, he ran across questions which he could not answer at the time. On his way back, ideas began in his mind which he developed later as his theory of evolution by natural selection. The second edition of 1845 includes some suggestion of this.

Later, he realised he had made a big mistake in not noting which islands some specimens from the Galapagos Islands were found on. He knew this was a mistake because he had sensed how islands were rather like the higher parts of mountains, which also have many unique species. The idea we now know as geographical speciation was beginning to form in his mind. Darwin opened his secret 'transmutation' notebook (Notebook 'B') in July 1837, less than a year after the "Beagle" returned to England.



Palm oil

Palm oil is a vegetable oil. Natural palm oil is red, but the red part is usually removed before the oil is used. It is made from the fruit of the African Oil Palm tree. Some comes from the American Oil Palm. Palm oil is used in many different products, like ice cream, toothpaste, chocolate, and candy. Most palm oil is made in West Africa and Southeast Asia on plantations.Palm oil is criticised for being one of the leading causes of deforestation, and for the use of slavery by many plantation owners to extract palm oil and profit off of it.

Candy floss

Candy floss is sugar that is spun with air. It is also called cotton candy or fairy floss. It is spun in machines. When spun, a small amount of sugar creates a much larger serving of candy floss. This is because it is mostly air. It is usually served on a stick or in a bag. Food colouring is sometimes used to change the natural white colour. Flavour is also sometimes added. Candy floss is often sold at fairs or circuses.

Candy floss was first made in Europe in the 18th century. At that time, spun sugar was expensive. The average person could not afford it. Machines to spin the sugar were invented in 1897 by William Morrison and John C. Wharton. They introduced it at the World's Fair in 1904, under the name "Fairy Floss". It was very successful. They sold 68,655 boxes at 25 cents each box (equivalent to US$6 per box today). In UAE it sold in 5 AED.


Movement (disambiguation)

Movement is the action of changing something's position.

Movement can also mean:


Bed (geology)

In geology a bed is the smallest division of rock or deposit. It is a geologic formation or stratigraphic rock series marked by well-defined divisional planes (bedding planes) separating it from layers above and below. 

A bed is the smallest lithostratigraphic unit. It ranges in thickness from a centimetre to several metres. It can be distinguished from beds above and below it by rock or mineral type and particle size. The term is usually applied to sedimentary strata, but may also be used for volcanic flows or ash layers.

In a quarry, bedding is a term used for a structure occurring in granite and similar rocks which allows them to split in well-defined planes horizontally or parallel to the land surface.

In geotechnical engineering a bedding plane often forms a discontinuity that may have a large influence on the mechanical behaviour (strength, deformation) of soil and rock masses. This is important in, for example, tunnel, foundation, or slope construction.


Poi spinning

Poi is a . Poi means both a style of performing art and the equipment used for engaging in poi performance. As a skill toy poi is an object or theatrical prop. Poi started with the Māori people of New Zealand, where it is still practised today.
Poi spinning involves using a set of weights on strings. Many people use beanbags in long socks. These are called a set of poi. People spin the poi around their body drawing shapes in the air. LED lights or fire are sometimes used to make the poi easier to see and more exciting to watch.

Walk or jump while spinning poi. Do dance moves. Stay in the same place but move the spin image everywhere and in all directions. Move body with poi or arms. If hands go right, move body to right. Spin slow or fast. Straighten your arms. Add difficulty for example stand on 1 leg. Lie down on the ground and spin. 

This can help to make many poi tricks:







Poi can develop rhythm, balance, concentration, coordination, grace, body stretches, grip strength, attention . Some poi tricks like complex atomic tricks can develop skill of solving geometric puzzles. 

Besides increasing abilities, poi can be useful like a physical activity. Physical activity increases when the spinner spins heavy poi, spins fast, and adds body moves.
Poi can be used as art of drawing shapes in the air. This can be done by taking photos on exposure when the spinner uses LED or fire poi.

When a spinner has 2 or more poi in one hand he can have 3 poi or more poi in 2 hands. 

This can be useful in these cases:




Savannah monitor

The savannah monitor (or Bosc's monitor) is a medium-sized monitor lizard from Africa. Its scientific name is "Varanus exanthematicus".

Its range extends throughout sub-Saharan Africa, from Senegal east to Sudan and south almost to the Congo River and Great Rift Valley. It is a ground-dwelling species which shelters in burrows, although it is sometimes found in bushes or low trees. 

Information about the diet of Savannah monitors in the wild has been recorded in Senegal and Ghana. It feeds almost exclusively on arthropods and molluscs.

Primark

Primark is an Irish clothing retailer founded by Arthur Ryan. The company operates in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland (38 stores branded as Penneys), Portugal, Spain, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Italy, and the United States. The company's headquarters are in Dublin. Primark is a subsidiary of British food processing company ABF. Primark first opened in June 1969 in Mary Street (Dublin). All of the company's merchandise is made specifically for the company. Primark has its own brand names. It sells clothing at the budget end of the market.

Toots and the Maytals

Toots and the Maytals, originally called The Maytals, are a Jamaican musical group. They are one of the best known ska and rock steady vocal groups. They were formed in the early 1960s when ska was popular. They had a reputation for having strong, well-blended voices. Front man Hibbert's soulful style led him to be compared to Otis Redding.

Maher El-Beheiry

Maher El-Beheiry () (born March 17, 1943) is an Egyptian judge, and the former Chairman of the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt (SCC). He became Chairman on 1 July 2012.

Dési Bouterse

Desiré Delano "Dési" Bouterse (born 13 October 1945) is a Surinamese politician. He was the President of Suriname from 2010 to 2020. From 1980 to 1987 he was Suriname's "de facto" leader when the country was under military rule.

On February 25, 1980, the government of Suriname underwent a military coup led by Bouterse. Though the Suriname Presidency was retained, Bouterse was the nation's ruler until his resignation in 1988.

Bouterse is held responsible for the numerous human rights violations committed under his dictatorship, such as the murder of 15 people known as the , and the massacre in the village Moiwana.

On July 19, 2010, he was elected as President of Suriname with 36 of 50 parliament votes.

Mog (Judith Kerr)

Mog, is the main character in a series of books for children. The author is Judith Kerr. In the series Mog was well loved by Mr and Mrs Thomas (Mog's owners) and their two children Nicky and Debbie. In the books Mog, a cat, would often get into a difficult situation with a new character or event.

Mog died of old age in the final book, "Goodbye, Mog" and goes to heaven. It was published in 2002. It is not usual for a pet to die in stories for young children just learning to read. Kerr said ""I don't think it was so much about killing off Mog, as rather doing something about dying...and being remembered."

In November 2015, Mog came back as a CGI character for the 2015 Christmas video advert for the supermarket, Sainsbury's. In "Mog's Christmas Calamity" Mog accidentally starts a fire in her house after having a bad dream. She saves her family by calling firefighters by running across the telephone and dialing the emergency number. She is a hero for saving her owners, and is later given an egg as a treat. A special plush Mog and book version of the story were sold at Sainsbury's, with all profits being donated to Save the Children's child literacy work.

Chesterton Community Sports College

Chesterton Community Sports College is a school in Newcastle-under-Lyme. It has received very good GCSE results. There are 5 periods in a day, all one hour each way. Break time is fifteen minutes. Lunch is fifty-five minutes.

Bettringen

Bettringen is a village in southwest Germany. About 9,000 people live there. It is part of the town of Schwäbisch Gmünd. It is near Stuttgart.

The village is about 800 years old. It was founded in 1218. In the 15th century, the names "Oberbettringen" (upper Bettringen) and "Unterbettringen" (lower Bettringen) are found in documents. In 1464, it first became part of Schwäbisch Gmünd. Later it became independent again.

In 1870, more than 500 people lived in Bettringen. Some other villages were part of it.

In 1959, it became part of Schwäbisch Gmünd. That was before the area reforms of Baden-Württemberg.

The city council has eight members of the CDU, four members of the SPD, three members of the Green Party and one seat for the FDP.

Bettringen is mainly Catholic.

The L1160 and L1161 roads pass through the village. The B29 road bypasses the village.

Winfried Kretschmann

Winfried Kretschmann (born May 17, 1948 in Spaichingen) is the Minister-President of the Southwest German federal state of Baden-Württemberg. He is the first Minister-President of the Green Party.

Kretschmann is born to Catholic parents. He went to school in Riedlingen (District of Biberach). His parents wanted him to become a priest. Instead he joined a school for teaching education and became teacher for Biology, Chemistry and Ethics.

Kretschmann started his political career at the Communist League of West Germany in 1973. He later changed his view and is now part of the more conservative Green party.

In 1979/80 he was a co-founder of the Green Party in Baden-Württemberg. He was leader of the Green Party in Baden-Württemberg from 1983 to 1984 and 2002 to 2011. In 2011 he became ninth Minister-President of Baden-Württemberg. He was President of the Bundesrat from 2012 to 2013. 

In the parliamentarian of the Baden-Wuerttemberg state parliament election 2016 he was reelected.

Kretschmann is married and has three children.

Riedlingen

Riedlingen is a town in the German federal state of Baden-Württemberg. About 10,000 people live there. It is near the Danube.

Riedlingen is over 1,000 years old. Its foundation is dated back to the 13th century. Documents mention it as early as 835. In 1806, it became part of the Kingdom of Württemberg. In 1973 it became part of the District of Biberach.

Riedlingen's current mayor is Marcus Schafft (CDU).


François Cavanna

François Cavanna (22 February 1923 – 29 January 2014) was a French author and satirical newspaper editor.
He helped create the "Hara Kiri" and "Charlie Hebdo". He wrote in many of genres including reportage, satire, essays, novels, autobiography and humor. He also translated six books about famous cartoonists.

Cavanna was born on 22 February 1923 in Nogent-sur-Marne. his father was Italian. Cavanna died on 29 January 2014 in Créteil, France from Parkinson's disease, aged 90.

Mamdouh Eldamaty

Mamdouh Mohamed Gad Eldamaty ( born December 6, 1961 in Cairo) is Professor of Egyptology at the Department of Archaeology, Faculty of Arts, Ain Shams University in Cairo. On May 15, 2011, he became Cultural Counselor and Head of Educational Mission at the Embassy of Egypt in Berlin.

He attended high school in Cairo. In 1979, he registered at the Faculty of Archeology, Cairo University. In July 1981, he was looking for a summer job as a student. He went to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo and met with Dr. Mohamed Saleh, the vice director of the museum. He worked there for one month. In summer 1982, he worked at the museum again for a summer student job. He did work that brought him in contact with all departments of the museum. In 1983, he graduated at the Faculty of Archeology, Cairo University.

After his graduation, he worked again for the museum for one month for free. After that, he joined the restoration team of the Coptic Museum for several months. In January 1984, he started his 15 month long conscription service. He worked at the museum again from April 1985 to September 1987. He rejoined his Faculty at Cairo University to resume higher studies. The thesis of his Master's Degree was "St- Meskhnet hall at Dendara Temple, linguistic and cultural study" under supervision of Prof. Abdelhalim Noureldin and partnership of Dr. Ola El-Aguizy.

Through his work at the Museum he became acquainted to many Egyptologists and archaeologists who visited the Museum. Among those was Prof. Erich Winter at Trier University, who with his wife visited Egypt in 1987 and were accompanied by the young Mamdouh Eldamaty during their 3-day visit to Siwa Oasis. This new contact proved to be quite useful as Prof. Winter encouraged him to continue his studies under his supervision at the Department of Egyptology at Trier University.

In October 1988 he worked as a curator at Faculty of Archaeology Museum of Cairo University. During his work he got his Master Degree in April 1989 in Egyptology. Immediately he left Egypt for Germany on leave to prepare his PhD. Trying his luck without any state sponsored scholarship it was rather difficult to get an entry visa to study in Germany. Thanks to the help and support of his Professor and guarantor, Prof. Dr. Mohamed Saleh, an entry visa was issued and he started his German courses at Cologne University. He supported his life by working during summer vacation. While in Cologne he held correspondence with Trier University. He got an acceptance from Trier University, which he joined from winter semester 1989/ 1990. He started his Trier residence by learning German until he acquired the ‘Prüfung zum Nachweis der Deutsch Sprachkenntnis’ that qualified him to regular study at the university. He registered for Egyptology as major subject with classical archaeology and ethnology as minor subject in summer semester 1991.

At the winter semester 1992/ 93 he registered for his PhD with thesis ‘Sokar- Osiris- Kapelle im Tempel von Dendera’ for which he received a study scholarship from Ministry of Culture at Rhineland Palatia that enabled him to finish his study in June 1995. During his stay in Germany, on February 26th 1992 he married Aida Abdelghany Ahmed, who studied sociology at Zagazig University. She accompanied him to Germany where gave birth to their first daughter, Mariam (11.Feb. 1993) in Trier.

He returned to Egypt in September 1995 but kept visiting Trier frequently in the years 1996, 1997, 1999, 2002, 2004 and 2007 in order to follow recent publications and studies on Egyptology. Back in Cairo, where the family got a son and another daughter, he worked for the Faculty’s Museum until January 1996.

Starting from January 1996 he started as lecturer for Egyptology at Faculty of Tourism and Hotels, Cairo University, Fayoum Branch. Upon founding an archaeological department at the Faculty of arts, Ain Shams University in August 1998, he moved to the new department as a lecturer for Egyptology until end of 2001.

At the beginning of 2001 he was appointed Director General of the Egyptian Museum in Cairo, a post that he held until end of January 2004. During his directorship the Museum witnessed several far reaching activities, developing its cellar, restoration of old records of the Museum, preparing for the second chamber for royal mummies and establishing a restoration laboratory for papyrus, in cooperation with Corrado Basile, Director of Istituto Internazionale del Papiro, Siracusa in Italy. In July 2001 he laid a plan for the centennial of the Egyptian Museum in Cairo, which included several projects to promote and develop the old institution. 

He returned to his main work in teaching at the Ain Shams University. There he got the post of associate professor of Egyptology at the Faculty of Arts from 25.03.2001 till 20.08.2006. As of 21.08.2006 he became a full professor of Egyptology and presided over the archaeological Department of Faculty of Arts from 12.09.2006 till 12.09.2009. He was assigned to head the college center for studies, consultations and training from 15.10.2008 till 13.10.2009 when he overtook the post of director of open education center from 22.03.2009 till 15.11.2009. From 13.09.2009 till 14.05.2011 he was the Dean of Faculty of Arts. During his deanship he supervised the project for sustainable development and qualifying for Accreditation. 

He organized the first election process in Egyptian universities to choose his successor as Dean of the Faculty in March 2011, as he left the country on 15.05.2011 in the capacity of cultural counselor at the Egyptian Embassy to Berlin and head of educational mission there. At this post he supervises all Egyptian students in Germany, Netherlands, Poland, Denmark, Sweden, Finland and Norway.






Awards and Honors

Legion of Honor “Cavalier” from the Italian Government (Oct. 10. 2004).

State Award for Excellence in Social Sciences (Jun. 21. 2010)





Editing of


Ralph Hall

Ralph Moody Hall (May 3, 1923 – March 7, 2019) was an American politician. He was a United States representative from Texas from 1981 through 2015.

He was the dean of the Texas congressional delegation. He was also the former chairman of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology from 2011 to 2013.

He is also a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Originally a member of the Democratic Party for more than fifty years, in 2004 he switched to the Republican Party.

He was the last of two World War II veterans serving in Congress, the other being Michigan Congressman John Dingell.

Hall was born on May 3, 1923 in Fate, Texas. He studied at Southern Methodist University. Hall married Mary Ellen in 1944. They had three children. Ellen died in 2008. Hall died at his ranch in Rockwall, Texas, a suburb of Dallas on March 7, 2019 from cardiac arrest, aged 95.


Tlatelolco (Mexico City)

Tlatelolco ("") is an area in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City. It is centered on the Plaza de las Tres Culturas.

Poi

Poi or POI can mean several things:


Solid geometry

Solid geometry is the geometry of three-dimensional Euclidean space. It includes the measurements of volumes of various solid figures (three-dimensional figures). These include pyramids, cylinders, cones, spheres, and prisms.

It is Euclidean geometry, but not plane geometry. Points are defined as a defined position on a sphere. A "staight line" is the shortest path between two points which stays on the surface of the sphere. 

Euclid's account of spherical geometry is in his Elements volumes XIXIII containing solid geometry, and in his lesser-known work the "Phaenomena", which includes 25 geometric propositions. The actual discoveries were often made by others. 

The Pythagoreans dealt with the regular solids, like the cube and the sphere. The pyramid, prism, cone and cylinder were not studied until the Platonists. Eudoxus proved the pyramid and cone have one-third the volume of a prism and cylinder on the same base and of the same height.

The equations for areas and volumes in two and three dimensions was proved by Archimedes. One of Archimedes' works was called "On the sphere and the cylinder". He asked that a carving of the two solid figures be placed on his tomb. He specified a "right circular cylinder with height equal to its circumference" because he had used this in his proof. 

People use solid geometry for many purposes including engineering and the calculation of perspective. 

Not proven

Not proven is a type of verdict in Scottish law. Out of the country, the "not proven" verdict may be referred to as the Scottish verdict, and in Scotland itself it may be referred to colloquially as the bastard verdict, which was a term coined by Sir Walter Scott, who was sheriff in the court of Selkirk.

Scottish law is distinct from English law, and this is one of the differences. Juries may convict with a guilty verdict or they may acquit (see below)). A criminal case jury consists of 15 jurors, and make their decision by a simple majority vote: eight votes are necessary and sufficient for the verdict ""guilty"", which has replaced the older verdict ""proven"".

In Scotland there are two forms of acquittal:

Sacrum

In humans, the sacrum is a large, triangular bone. It is at the bottom of the spine and the upper and back part of the pelvis. 

It fits like a wedge between the two hip bones. Its upper part connects with the last lumbar vertebra, and bottom part with the coccyx (tailbone). During the first half of life these bones gradually fuse together.

The sacrum is concave facing forward, and tilted forward. The sacrum connects with four bones:

Solero

Solero is a ice-cream brand, usually fruit and/or berry flavored, sold under the Heartbrand name by Unilever.

Solero is sold as Splice in Australia and as Salar in Iran.

Dogecoin

Dogecoin is a Bitcoin-based digital currency (cryptocurrency). It was created by Billy Markus and Jackson Palmer on 8 December 2013, and was inspired by the Shiba Inu featured in the "Doge" internet meme. Palmer and Markus launched the coin on Dec. 6, 2013. Two weeks later on Dec. 19, the value of Dogecoin jumped 300%, perhaps due to China forbidding its banks from investing in cryptocurrency. Doge functions based on the Scrypt technology. It has unlimited emission, and fast transaction processing speed.

Users can buy and sell Dogecoin on digital currency exchanges. They can opt to store their Dogecoin on an exchange or in a Dogecoin wallet.

Dogecoin.com promotes the currency as the "fun and friendly Internet currency", referencing its origins as a "joke."

Elon Musk frequently mentions or talks about Dogecoin on his Twitter account, boosting its popularity significantly in recent years. 

Outstanding Eagle Scout Award

The NESA Outstanding Eagle Scout Award (NOESA) is a distinguished service award of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). It is awarded to an Eagle Scout by the for distinguished service to his profession and community. He must be recommended by his local BSA council, NESA committee, Scout executive and council president.

A council may present one NOESA per year plus one award for every 100 Eagle Scout awards above of 200 awards presented to youth the previous year. The Distinguished Eagle Scout Award (DESA) is a similar distinguished award, but requires twenty-five years as an Eagle Scout. NOESA is not required for the DESA award, but DESA recipients may not receive the NOESA.

The award consists of a round gold pendant with the NOESA emblem in silver. It is suspended from a blue ribbon. The NOESA emblem is in the shape of the NESA logo. It is round with a descending knot, with an eagle in flight and the word NOESA. A smaller pin-on version of the NOESA emblem may be worn on the Eagle Scout square knot patch on the Scout uniform. A lapel pin version of the NOESA emblem may be worn on the lapel when not in uniform. The recipient is also presented with a certificate.

The NOESA was introduced during BSA'a 100th Anniversary year with the first 152 awards being made in 2011 by the National Eagle Scout Association. This was on the recommendation of local council NESA Committees. In 2012, an additional 179 were awarded bringing the total to 331. The award was created to recognize notable Eagle Scouts who had either performed their distinguished service closer to home (at the local, state, or regional level) or who were known nationally, but had not yet been an Eagle for 25-years: a requirement for the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award.

For more details: "List of Eagle Scouts"

2013–14 Cambodian protests

Cambodian protests or Anti-government protests, have been going on in Cambodia since July 2013. Demonstrations in Phnom Penh have taken place against the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen. These were because many reasons, including widespread claims of election fraud during the Cambodian general election of 2013. Protesters want the minimum wage raised to $160 a month. There is also resentment over Vietnamese influence in Cambodia. Also, Cambodia is a very poor country and the government is not doing much to address the issues. The main opposition party, CNRP (Cambodia National Rescue Party), refused to participate in parliament after the elections. Major demonstrations took place all through December 2013. The government took action in January 2014. This led to the deaths of 4 people and the clearing of the main protest camp.

Hun Sen has been the prime minister of Cambodia for 28 years. He is the leader of the Cambodian People's Party (CPP). In 2013 he was challenged by Sam Rainsy leader of the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP). On 28 July 2013 general elections were held in Cambodia. The ruling Cambodian People's Party claimed victory by winning 68 seats in Parliament. The Cambodia National Rescue Party won 55 seats. They then rejected the election results and boycotted the opening of parliament. The CNRP claimed there had been irregularities with the voting. The European Union (E.U.) and the United States also expressed concern about possible fraud. The international non-governmental organisation Human Rights Watch called for an 'independent commission' to investigate charges of election fraud.

Security police clashed with Cambodian protesters when the police blocked the two main roads near the Kbal Thnal Bridge leading into Phnom Penh. Police shot and killed one protester wearing a yellow headband with the word, “We demand Justice”. Three others were seriously injured. Ten people were arrested. Police used firearms, tear gas and against the protesters. The protesters smashed a barrier in the middle of a road. They also threw rocks, shoes and other objects at the police. One policeman was injured. This clash happened the day before the scheduled talks between Prime Minister Hun Sen and CRNP leader Sam Rainsy.

A woman was shot and nine others were wounded when clothing workers in Phnom Penh protested . About 100 police blocked some 600 protesters who were airing their complaints over low pay and poor working conditions along Stung Meanchey road. Police fired live bullets and tear gas to rescue fellow officers. Protesters threw rocks at police. When protesters retreated into a pagoda police fired tear gas into the building. Buddhist monks joined in the protests also throwing rocks at police. More than a dozen people including several monks were arrested.

On 27 December striking garment workers and police officers clashed on a road on the outskirts of Phnom Penh. The opposition party organised large protests in Phnom Penh during December, including motorbike rallies. The government called the protests illegal and stated that they were 'inciting anarchy'.

On 3 January at least four people were shot to death and 20 others were injured when police opened fire to break up a protest by garment workers. The workers were demanding their minimum wage be doubled. They had blocked the road with burning tires. Protesters also threw objects at police. By this time most of the workers at Cambodia's 500 factories were on strike. The demand was still for a $160 a month in minimum wage while the government had offered $100. This was the second day of strikes and clashes with police. The opposition party and anti-government protesters have close ties with the labor movement. Unions representing disgruntled garment workers joined the protest with opposition supporters against the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen. They want a re-run of the July election. Sam Rainsy, CNRP leader promised to nearly double wage to $160 if CNRP wins a re-election.

On 4 January a camp occupied by anti-government demonstrators was taken down by Cambodian officials. The camp was in Freedom Park. Hundreds of CNRP supporters started occupying the space on 15 December. It is the only place in Phnom Penh that allowed protests. Protesters fled with their belongings as they saw police approaching. Police did not enter the park, but allowed security guards and city workers to take down the stage and clear the grounds. In spite of the clearing of the park a rally planned for Sunday would go ahead according to Rainsy. At that rally at least eight people injured. On 6 January a protest was led by radio station owner Mam Sonando. They gathered in front of the Cambodia Ministry of Information to demand a license for a television channel. The government rejected the application saying that there was no frequency available. All local TV channels are closely linked to Prime Minister Hun Sen.

Perfume (song)

"Perfume" is a ballad released by Britney Spears in late 2013. It is from her 8th studio album "Britney Jean". It is the second single from the album. It stalled in the bottom 50 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Britney Jean

Britney Jean is the 8th studio album release from Britney Spears. Singles released from the album include "Work Bitch" and "Perfume".

Thomas Young

Thomas Young (13 June 1773 – 10 May 1829) was an English polymath. Young made important scientific contributions to many fields. His most famous work is on the wave theory of light. He also did good work to the fields of vision, solid mechanics, energy, physiology, language, musical harmony, and Egyptology. Among others, William Herschel, Hermann von Helmholtz, James Clerk Maxwell and Albert Einstein have praised Young's work.

Physalis

The Physalis is a genus of plants that is part of the nightshade family. There are between 75 and 90 species. All except one are native to the Americas.

The plants grow small orange fruit encased in a lantern-like husk that comes from the calyx. They are similar to the tomato. Since it has a mild, refreshing acidity similar to the tomato, it can be used in many of the same ways. Many "Physalis" species are called groundcherries.

Michael Silka

Michael Alan Silka (20 August 1958 in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, near Chicago – 19 May 1984 in Alaska) was an American spree killer. It is believed that he killed nine people near a town called Manley Hot Springs in Alaska in May 1984. Silka was killed in a shootout with police after his murders.


Delaware State University

Delaware State University (also called DSU, DESU, or Del State) is a public university in Dover, Delaware. It is a historically black university. That means that it was started to teach African American students.

DSU has campuses in Wilmington, Delaware and Georgetown, Delaware. It has six colleges. It has about 4,500 students, both undergraduate and postgraduate. DSU is the second-largest university in the state (after the University of Delaware).

The school started on May 15, 1891 as the State College for Colored Students. It first gave degrees in 1898. In 1944, it received provisional accreditation. Three years later, it became Delaware State College. The school lost its accreditation in 1949, but got it back in 1957. On July 1, 1993, the school's name changed to Delaware State University.

The main campus in Dover covers . It has thirty buildings. There are seven buildings where students live, four for women and three for men. There are also three apartment-style buildings where upperclassmen live. There are two dining halls.

The university has several research computer laboratories. Almost every building has a computer lab. Every student has their own port for internet access, their own phone, and a campus email address. There is cable television access in all residence hall rooms. Most campus buildings also have wireless connectivity.

DSU owns two farms near Kenton and Smyrna. It has an Airway Science Program based at Delaware Air Park in Cheswold.

Bubblegum pop

Bubblegum pop, is a style of pop music. It derives from synthpop. It is much like its predecessors, although it adds traditional nursery rhymes to a synth background. The Archies created this genre of music. "Sugar, Sugar" is the first song which The Archies made that is bubblegum pop. Bubblegum pop also can be called bubblegum music, or just simply bubblegum.

The Mighty Hannibal

James Timothy Shaw (August 9, 1939 – January 30, 2014), known as The Mighty Hannibal, was an American R&B, soul and funk singer, songwriter and record producer.

Hannibal died on January 30, 2014, at the age of 74.


Abdirizak Haji Hussein

Abdirizak Haji Hussein (; ; December 24, 1924January 31, 2014) was Prime Minister of Somalia from 14 June 1964 to 15 July 1967. From 1975 to 1980, he also served as the country's ambassador to the United Nations. He was a former member of the Somali Youth League. He played an important part in the nation's early civilian administration.

Hussein died from pneumonia on January 31, 2014 in Minneapolis, Minnesota after being hospitalized for a week.


Miklós Jancsó

Miklós Jancsó (27 September 192131 January 2014) was a Hungarian movie director and screenwriter.

Jancsó became famous during the mid-1960s. His famous works were "The Round Up" ("Szegénylegények", 1965), "The Red and the White" ("Csillagosok, katonák", 1967) and "Red Psalm" ("Még kér a nép", 1971).

Jancsó died on 31 January 2014, aged 92.


Christopher Jones (actor)

William Frank Jones, better known as Christopher Jones (August 18, 1941 – January 31, 2014), was an American movie and television actor. He was known for his roles on "Ryan's Daughter" and in "The Legend of Jesse James". He was also known for having a love-affair with Sharon Tate shortly before her murder.

Jones was born on August 18, 1941 in Jackson, Tennessee. He was married to Susan Strasberg, Lee Strasberg's daughter. They had one child. Jones died on January 31, 2014 from gallbladder cancer, aged 74.

Everett Dirksen

Everett McKinley Dirksen (January 4, 1896 – September 7, 1969) was an American politician. He represented Illinois in the U.S. House of Representatives (1933–1949) and U.S. Senate (1951–1969).

As Senate Minority Leader for ten years, he was very important in the politics during the 1960s. Some things he did was to help passing the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Open Housing Act of 1968, both landmarks of civil rights legislation.

He was also one of the Senate's strongest supporters of the Vietnam War and was known as "The Wizard of Ooze" for his oratorical style. Dirksen was a freemason.

Dirksen died on September 7, 1969 in Washington, D.C. from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by lung cancer-related bronchopneumonia, aged 73.


Presidential library

A presidential library is a system of thirteen libraries in the United States. It is created by the Office of Presidential Libraries, which is part of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). 

These are offices for preserving and making available the papers, records, collections and other historical materials of every president of the United States. The presidential library system began with Herbert Hoover's library (31st president, 1929–1933).

The Ronald Reagan Presidential Library is the largest of the thirteen libraries. The most recent presidential library was the George W. Bush Presidential Center which opened in Texas in 2013.


John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum

The John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library and museum. It was constructed in honor and to remember the life and achievements of the 35th president of the United States, John F. Kennedy. It is located in Boston, Massachusetts. It was designed by the architect I. M. Pei. It was opened to the public on October 20, 1979 and was rededicated on October 23, 1993.

On April 15, 2013, a fire began in the library. At first, reports said the fire appears to have started in a mechanical room. An official communication from the library stated that the fire is being investigated. At this time, the fire appears to be unrelated to the Boston Marathon bombings that occurred on the same day.


Tomáš Fleischmann

Tomáš Fleischmann (born May 16, 1984, in Kopřivnice, Czechoslovakia) is a former Czech NHL ice hockey left winger that played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Montreal Canadiens, Anaheim Ducks, Florida Panthers, Colorado Avalanche, and Washington Capitals.

Before playing the NHL, Fleischmann played 2 seasons with Moose Jaw Warriors of the Western Hockey League. He was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings with the 63rd overall pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. He never played with the Red Wings however and he along with draft picks were traded to the Washington Capitals for Robert Lang. He played 3 seasons in the AHL with their affiliate, the Hershey Bears. Fleischmann would play 6 seasons with the Capitals and was traded to the Colorado Avalanche for Scott Hannan on November 30, 2010. His season with the Avalanche was cut short when he was diagnosed with pulmonary emboli and had to miss the rest of the season.

On July 1, 2011, he signed a four-year contract worth $18 million with the Florida Panthers.

On February 28, 2015, he was traded from Florida to Anaheim Ducks in exchange for forward Dany Heatley and a draft pick in the third round of 2015 NHL draft. After the season he left the team as an unrestricted free agent. On September 13, 2015, he was invited through proffesional tryout to Montreal Canadiens camp and on October, 4, 2015, he signed a one-year contract worth $750.000.

On February, 26, 2016, he was traded along with forward Dale Weise to Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for forward Phillip Danault and a draft pick in second round of 2018 NHL draft.


Aïché Nana

Kiash Nanah (2 February 1936 – 29 January 2014) or Aïché Nana was a Lebanese-born Turkish actress, dancer and stripper. She was known for inspiring the dance of "La Dolce Vita". She began her career when she was fourteen in 1950.

Nana died on 29 January 2014, aged 77, at the Aurelia Hospital in Rome, Italy. The cause was not published.

František Kaberle

František "Frank" Kaberle (born November 8, 1973, in Kladno, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech retired ice hockey defenceman. He played a combined ten seasons in the National Hockey League. His brother Tomáš currently plays for HC Kladno of the Czech Extraliga and formerly played in the NHL.

Before playing the NHL, Kaberle played two seasons with HC Kladno of the Czech Extraliga and four seasons with Modo Hockey of the Swedish Hockey League. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings with the 76th overall pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. Kaberle only played one season with the Kings and was traded along with Donald Audette to the Atlanta Thrashers for Kelly Buchberger and Nelson Emerson on March 13, 2000.

He played five seasons with the Thrashers and signed with the Carolina Hurricanes on July 15, 2004 after the 2004-05 NHL lockout. With the Hurricanes, he reached the Stanley Cup Finals and scored a powerplay goal against the Edmonton Oilers which would wind being the winner as the Hurricanes won the Stanley Cup. His contract was bought out by the Hurricanes during the final year of his contract on July 28, 2009. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2012.

Theoxena scissaria

Theoxena scissaria is a species of moth. It is part of the Geometridae family. Guenee used the scientific name in 1868.


Seymour Benzer

Seymour Benzer (October 15, 1921 – November 30, 2007) was an American physicist, biologist and geneticist. He was of Jewish descent.

His career began during the molecular biology revolution of the 1950s, and he eventually rose to prominence in the fields of molecular and behavioral genetics. He led a genetics research lab at Purdue University and at the California Institute of Technology.

Benzer made fundamental discoveries in two quite different fields of genetics. He got his PhD in solid-state physics, but soon switched to genetics after he read Erwin Schrödinger's book "What is Life?"

At Purdue University, Benzer developed the "T4 rII system", a new genetic technique. This used recombination in T4 bacteriophage rII mutants to map the inside structure of genes. Benzer realized that by generating many r mutants and recording the recombination frequency between different r strains, he could make a detailed map of the gene, much as Alfred Sturtevant had done for chromosomes.

Taking advantage of the enormous number of recombinants that could be analyzed in the rII mutant system, Benzer was eventually able to map over 2400 rII mutations. The data he collected provided the first evidence that the gene is not an indivisible entity, as previously believed, and that genes were linear. Based on his rII data, Benzer also proposed distinct classes of mutations including deletions, point mutations, missense mutations, and nonsense mutations.

Benzer was one of the first scientists in the field of behavioral genetics. As the field began to emerge in the 1960s and 70s, Benzer found himself in scientific opposition to another of the field's leading researchers, Jerry Hirsch.

Hirsch believed that behaviors were so complex they could not be explained as the action of single genes, Benzer thought behaviors might be directed by single genes. Both researchers tried their ideas out on "Drosophila". Hirsch artificially selected for behaviors of interest over many generations, while Benzer used methods to isolate mutants for a particular behavior. Benzer and Hirsch's competing philosophies developed behavioral genetics, and helped it become a legitimate area of study in the scientific community.


He was a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the Royal Society and the French Academy of Sciences.

Prima scriptura

In Christianity, prima scriptura is the idea that canonical scripture is the most important kind of divine revelation. People who believe in this idea say that revelation that comes from scripture is more important than revelation that comes from other sources. Other sources include traditions, spiritual gifts, conscience, common sense and the views of experts. Prima scriptura suggests that there are ways of knowing or understanding God and his will that do not originate from canonized scripture. These may be helpful in interpreting that scripture, but that if they seem to contradict the scriptures, the scriptures should be used instead.

Prima scriptura is sometimes mentioned together with Sola scriptura. Sola scriptura is a view mainly held by protestants which states that only scripture is the source of divine revelation. Sola scriptura rejects scripture which is not in the Bible, while prima scriptura says that there may be such scripture. 

Pseudocoremia

Pseudocoremia is a genus of moth. It is part of the family Geometridae. This genus is endemic to New Zealand.


Tatosoma

Tatosoma is a genus of moths. It is part of the family Geometridae.

Some of the species in this genus are:


Graphania

Graphania is a genus of moths. It is part of the Noctuidae family.

The genus is made up of more than 100 species. Some of them are:


Crocin

Crocin is a chemical compound that produces a type of natural pigment. It is found in the flowers of crocus and gardenia plants. It has a deep red colour. Crocin is what is mainly responsible for the colour of saffron. It is also called saffronin or polychroite.

Crocin was used as a dye for textiles. Because it is unstable it is no longer used for that purpose..

Marple Hall School

Marple Hall School is a specialist language college in Marple, Greater Manchester, England. The headteacher is Mr. Joseph Barker. The school is on the outskirts of Greater Manchester, near the River Goyt.

Marple Hall was a manor house once owned by John Bradshaw. Born at Marple Hall, Bradshaw was first a clerk, then a lawyer. After the English Civil War he was the first to sign the death warrant of Charles I of England. The house was later owned by the Isherwood family. The ruins of the house are still near the grounds of the school. Two of the modern buildings are named for these two. In 1960 a grammar school was built on the grounds of the manor. In 1965 the school had separate schools for boy and girls. In 1974 it became Marple Hall County High School. This school is for both boys and girls. 

Ethnic conflict

An ethnic conflict (or ethnic war) is a conflict where different ethnic groups fight each other. It is different from a civil war, where a single nation or ethnic group is fighting among itself.

Examples of ethnic wars since the 1990s were typically caused by secessionist movements leading to the breakup of multi-ethnic states along ethnic lines: the Yugoslav Wars, the First Chechen War, the Nagorno-Karabakh War, the Rwandan Civil War and the War in Darfur, among others

Academic explanations of ethnic conflict generally fall into one of three schools of thought: primordialist, instrumentalist or constructivist. Intellectual debate has also focused around the issue of whether ethnic conflict has become more common since the end of the Cold War, and on finding ways of managing conflicts, through instruments such as consociationalism and federalisation.

Bryce Canyon National Park

Bryce Canyon National Park is a national park in southwestern Utah. Its major feature is Bryce Canyon.

Despite its name, this is not a canyon but a collection of giant natural amphitheaters along the eastern side of the Paunsaugunt Plateau. Bryce is known for its "hoodoos". The hoodoos are badlands formed by frost weathering and stream erosion of the river and lake bed sedimentary rocks. 

The red, orange, and white colors of the rocks provide spectacular views for park visitors. Bryce is much higher than nearby Zion National Park. The rim at Bryce varies from .

Doorbell

A doorbell is a device which is typically installed to or near a door. When a visitor presses a button, the bell rings inside the building, alerting the presence of the visitor. 

In modern technology, a button is pressed completing a circuit which in response makes a sound. 

Older doorbells were fully mechanical. Newer electrical doorbells were installed by wires and use a push-button to activate the sound. The latest doorbells have wireless connections although older ones may be wired.

Milan Hejduk

Milan Hejduk (born February 14, 1976, in Ústí nad Labem, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech retired ice hockey right winger. He played a combined 14 seasons in the National Hockey League all with the Colorado Avalanche.

Before playing in the NHL, Hejduk played 5 seasons with HC Pardubice of the Czech Extraliga. He was drafted by the Quebec Nordiques with the 87th overall pick in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. In 2001, Hejduk won the Stanley Cup with the Avalanche when they defeated the New Jersey Devils 4 games to 3. During the 2002-03 NHL season, he was able to win the Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy beating out Markus Näslund of the Vancouver Canucks. When the 2004-05 NHL lockout happened, Hejduk returned to the Czech Republic to play for his old team, HC Pardubice. He became the captain of the Avalanche on November 14, 2011. He gave up captaincy because of his role in the organization changing.

Hejduk retired from playing professional ice hockey on November 13, 2013.


International Association of Universities

The International Association of Universities (IAU) is an association of universities that belongs to UNESCO. It brings together educational institutions from some 120 countries. They work together on common concerns and projects. The organisation also works with various international and national groups active in higher education. It was established in 1950 in Paris, France.


Nuclear family

A nuclear family is a type of family unit. It is made up of a husband, a wife, and their children. Not everyone agrees on what a nuclear family is. Some people say that a nuclear family does not include stepchildren or adopted children. Others say that a nuclear family may include stepchildren or adopted children. A nuclear family is a part of an extended family.

The term "nuclear family" was first used in 1947. However, people have lived in nuclear families for thousands of years. In 2005, archaeologists discovered four 4,600-year-old graves in Germany. Several adults and children who were related were buried in these graves. Researchers think that this proves that people lived in nuclear families a long time ago.

During and before the medieval period in Europe, large family groups, such as clans, were most common. By the late medieval period, the nuclear family had become most common.

Nina Andrycz

Nina Andrycz (11 November 1912 – 31 January 2014) was a Polish actress. Her last movie was in the 2009 movie "Before Twilight". Andrycz was the wife of Józef Cyrankiewicz. She earned the name "The Great Dame of Polish Theatre" because of her long and successful career.

Andrycz died on 31 January 2014 in Warsaw, Poland from natural causes, aged 101.

Givat Ram

Givat Ram () is an area in western central Jerusalem. It contains most of the Knesset, the Supreme Court of Israel, the National Library of Israel, the Israel Museum, the Bloomfield Science Museum, the Bible Lands Museum, and the International Convention Center.

The area also includes the Givat Ram Campus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and parks such as the Wohl Rose Park and Sacher Park.

Maximilian Schell

Maximilian Schell (8 December 1930 – 1 February 2014) was an Austrian-Swiss actor. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "Judgment at Nuremberg" in 1961. He was also a writer, director and producer for some movies. 

He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his role in "Stalin". He also appeared in "Abraham", "Deep Impact", "Coast to Coast", and in "The Brothers Bloom". His sister was actress Maria Schell.

Schell was born on 8 December 1930 in Vienna, Austria. He was raised as a Roman Catholic. He studied at the University of Zurich. His father was Swiss. Schell began acting at the Basel Theatre.

Schell's career began in 1955. His movie was "Kinder, Mütter und ein General". He then appeared in two other movies until he bagn his role as Hans Rolfe in "Judgment at Nuremberg" in 1961. His role as Hans brought him great fame and success. He won an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. 

Schell then appeared in other big picture movies that earned him nominations for an Academy Award. He was nominated for his role as Arthur Goldman in "The Man in the Glass Booth", for his role as Johann in "Julia". He then won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1992 for his role as Vladimir Lenin in the movie "Stalin".

Afterwards, Schell then directed a television movie "Candles in the Dark". After his win in 1992, Schell then appeared in many television movies. In 1998, Schell appeared as Jason Lerner in the 1998 movie "Deep Impact". His last role was in the 2008 comedy movie "The Brothers Bloom" as Diamond Dog.

Schell married Natalya Andrejchenko in 1985. They divorced in 2005. Then in 2013, Schell married Iva Mihanovic. Schell never had children. Schell suffered diabetes. 

He was good friends with Leonard Bernstein. He performed with Claudio Abbado in many performances. His sister Maria died in 2005 from pneumonia. 

Schell was a guest professor at the University of Southern California. He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Spertus Institute for Jewish Learning and Leadership in Chicago.

Schell died on 1 February 2014, in Innsbruck, Austria after a "sudden and serious illness". The German television news service Tagesschau reported that he had been receiving treatment for pneumonia. Schell was 83 years old when he died.


From Under the Cork Tree

From Under the Cork Tree is the third studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy. The album was released 2005. Credits are Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Joe Trohman, and Andy Hurley. The single on the album Sugar, We're Goin Down helped make them popular.

1. "Our Lawyer Made Us Change the Name of This Song So We Wouldn't Get Sued"

2. "Of All the Gin Joints in All the World"

3. "Dance, Dance"

4. "Sugar, We're Goin Down"

5. "Nobody Puts Baby in the Corner"

6. "I've Got a Dark Alley and a Bad Idea That Says You Should Shut Your Mouth (Summer Song)"

7. "7 Minutes in Heaven (Atavan Halen)"

8. "Sophomore Slump or Comeback of the Year"

9. "Champagne for My Real Friends, Real Pain for My Sham Friends"

10. "I Slept with Someone in Fall Out Boy and All I Got Was This Stupid Song Written About Me"

11. "A Little Less Sixteen Candles, a Little More "Touch Me""

12. "Get Busy Living or Get Busy Dying (Do Your Part to Save the Scene and Stop Going to Shows)"

13. "XO"

Wohl Rose Park

Wohl Rose Park (, "") is a public garden on the Presidential Hill in Givat Ram, central Jerusalem, Israel. The garden includes lawns, hills, and quarries. There is an ornamental pond with aquatic plants and fish. The garden also has a waterfall, rockeries, sculptures, and a sixth-century mosaic floor. The floor was unearthed at Kibbutz Sde Nahum. The garden was opened in 1981.

Over 400 varieties of roses are grown there. Many of them are gifts from countries around the world. The Wohl Rose Park covers . It is one of the few rose parks of its kind in the Middle East, where there is no rainfall in summer. The park's Garden of Nations is made up of sections donated by other countries. Each section has rose varieties characteristic of, or grown in, the respective country. The park also has an experimental section. This is where new varieties of roses are tested for their suitability for public and private gardens in Israel. It is Jerusalem's official reception area for visiting guests of state and . 



Sacher Park

Sacher Park is the largest public park in Jerusalem. It is in the neighbourhood of Givat Ram. It includes the Jerusalem Bird Observatory and many sports facilities. In the western side of the park is a small Jewish cemetery from the 19th century.


Knesset Menorah

The Knesset Menorah (, "Menorat HaKnesset") is a monument in front of the Knesset. It was built by Benno Elkan in 1956. It was a gift from the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The Knesset Menorah is in the southern part of the Wohl Rose Park called the Menorah Garden. The statue was first put in the Horse Garden in central Jerusalem and moved when the new Knesset building opened in 1966.

<br>


Judgment at Nuremberg

Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American drama movie directed by Stanley Kramer. The movie was about crimes being wrongly committed by citizens during the Nuremberg Trials by the Nazis. The was set during World War II. It stars Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Maximilian Schell, Werner Klemperer, Marlene Dietrich, Judy Garland, William Shatner, and Montgomery Clift. It was released to very positive reviews on December 19, 1961.

Maria Schell

Maria Margarethe Anna Schell (15 January 1926 – 26 April 2005) was an Austrian-Swiss actress. She won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the Venice Film Festival in 1956 for role in "Gervaise".

Schell was born in Vienna, Austria. Her mother was Margarethe, an actress who ran an acting school. Her father was Hermann Ferdinand Schell, a Swiss poet, novelist and playwriter. Her parents were Roman Catholics. She was the older sister of actor Maximilian Schell.

Schell lived reclusively in ill health in Carinthia in the Austrian Alps until her death from pneumonia in Preitenegg, Austria on 26 April 2005, aged 79.



Werner Klemperer

Werner Klemperer (March 22, 1920 – December 6, 2000) was a German-born American stage, movie, and television actor and musician. He won an Emmy Award in 1968 and in 1969.

Klemperer died of cancer on December 6, 2000, aged 80, at his home in Manhattan, New York City.


Stanley Kramer

Stanley Earl Kramer (September 29, 1913 – February 19, 2001) was an American movie director and producer. He was born in New York City. Kramer studied at New York University.

Kramer was known for his works in "High Noon" (1952, as producer), "The Caine Mutiny" (1954, as producer), "The Defiant Ones" (1958), "On the Beach" (1959), "Inherit the Wind" (1960), "Judgment at Nuremberg" (1961), "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" (1963), "Ship of Fools", (1965) and "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" (1967).

In 1945, Kramer had an annulled marriage with actress Marilyn Erskine. From 1950 to 1963, he was married to Anne Pearce. In 1966, Kramer married Karen Sharpe and lasted until Kramer's death in 2001. Kramer had four children, two with Pearce and two with Sharpe.

Kramer died on February 19, 2001 in Los Angeles, California from pneumonia, aged 87.


William J. Clinton Presidential Center and Park

The William J. Clinton Presidential Center and Park is a presidential library created to honor the life and achievements of President of the United States Bill Clinton. It's in Little Rock, Arkansas. It's the eleventh of the thirteen presidential libraries in the United States.

There's a part of the center where, if Clinton wants to, can serve as his final resting place.


Adams National Historical Park

Adams National Historical Park, formerly Adams National Historic Site, is a national landmark dedicated to Presidents of the United States John Adams and John Quincy Adams. It is in Quincy, Massachusetts. It preserves the home of the two presidents. It also honors the U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain, Charles Francis Adams, and writers and historians Henry Adams and Brooks Adams.


Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center

The Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center is a group of several buildings dedicated to President of the United States Rutherford B. Hayes. It is in Fremont, Ohio. 

It was started in 1916. The Rutherford B. Hayes Center Library was the first presidential library and one of only three for a 19th-century president. The library holds the 12,000 volume personal library of Rutherford B. Hayes.


William McKinley Presidential Library and Museum

The William McKinley Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States William McKinley. The library is owned and operated by the Stark County Historical Society. It is in Canton, Ohio. Canton is where McKinley built his career as lawyer, prosecuting attorney, congressman, governor and president.


Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library

The Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library is a presidential library dedicated to the life and achievements of Woodrow Wilson. It contains memoirs of those who worked with him, and governmental volumes concerning about World War I. It is in Staunton, Virginia.


Calvin Coolidge Presidential Library and Museum

The Calvin Coolidge Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Calvin Coolidge. The library was started in 1920. It is at the Forbes Library in Northampton, Massachusetts. This is where Coolidge practiced law and served as mayor.


Division of Bowman

The Division of Bowman is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1949 and is named for David Bowman (1860-1916), an early leader of the Australian Labor Party, in Queensland. The seat is located in the eastern suburbs of Brisbane, and includes Capalaba, Cleveland, Redland Bay, Birkdale, Thorneside, Alexandra Hills, Thornlands, Mount Cotton, Cornubia, Ormiston, Wellington Point and Victoria Point. It also includes the islands of Moreton Bay including Coochiemudlo Island, the Bay Islands (Russell, Karragarra, Macleay and Lamb) and North Stradbroke Island.

After the 2009 electoral redistribution there was only a difference 0.005% between the two main parties, making Bowman the most marginal seat in the country.

In 2007, Andrew Laming won the seat by only 64 votes.


Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum

The Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum, also known as the LBJ Presidential Library, is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Lyndon Baines Johnson. It is also the final resting place of him and his wife Lady Bird. The library was started in 1971. It is next to the LBJ School of Public Affairs in Austin, Texas.


Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum

The Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Franklin D. Roosevelt. The library was started in 1941. It is in Hyde Park, New York.


Jimmy Carter Library and Museum

The Jimmy Carter Library and Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Jimmy Carter. The library was started in 1986. It is in Atlanta, Georgia. Its system is regulated by the National Archives and Records Administration. It is the location of the Carter Center. 


Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum

The Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Harry S. Truman. The library was started in 1957. It is on a hill facing U.S. Route 24 in Independence, Missouri.


Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library

The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Gerald R. Ford. The library was started in 1981. It is in Ann Arbor, Michigan.


Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum

The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Gerald R. Ford. It is also the final resting place of him and his wife Betty. The library was started in 1982. It is in Grand Rapids, Michigan.


Sicklefin lemon shark

The Sicklefin lemon shark ("Negaprion acutidens") is a species of requiem shark, in the order of Carcharhiniformes.

Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum

The Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library of Herbert Hoover. Hoover was the 31st president of the United States. 

It is in West Branch, Iowa. It is next to the Herbert Hoover National Historic Site. The library is one of thirteen presidential libraries run by the National Archives and Records Administration.


Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library and Museum

The Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library and Museum is a presidential library created in honor of the 34th president of the United States, Dwight D. Eisenhower. It is located in Abilene, Kansas. The library also contains Eisenhower's grave and boyhood home. It was dedicated in 1963.


George W. Bush Presidential Center

The George W. Bush Presidential Center is a presidential library in honor of George W. Bush, the 43th president of the United States. It houses the George W. Bush Policy Institute, and the offices of the George W. Bush Foundation. It is on the campus of Southern Methodist University (SMU) in Dallas, Texas. It was dedicated in April 2013.


Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum

The Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library of Richard Milhous Nixon, the 37th president of the United States. The museum contains many important files, his birthplace, his presidential helicopter, and his tomb. It is located in Yorba Linda, California. It was dedicated on July 19, 1990, when it was called the Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace. It was then rededicated on July 11, 2007.


Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington

The Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington at Mount Vernon is the presidential library of George Washington, the first president of the United States. It is located in Fairfax, Virginia. It was dedicated in September 2013.


Vasily Ivanovich Petrov

Vasily Ivanovich Petrov () (15 January 1917 – 1 February 2014) was a senior Russian military official and Marshal of the Soviet Union.

Petrov was born on 15 January 1917 in Chernolesskoye, Stavropol Governorate. Petrov joined the Red Army in 1939 and completed the lieutenant's course in 1941.

In the late 1970s, Petrov served as a military advisor to the Ethiopian Army. He was assigned to assist and rebuild the force during the Ogaden War.

Petrov died on 1 February 2014 in Moscow, Russia from natural causes, aged 97.

Sissel Sellæg

Sissel Sellæg (10 February 1928 – 5 January 2014) was a Norwegian actress.

She was born in Notodden. She started stage acting in 1950 at the Studioteatret. She also worked at Folketeatret from 1951 to 1956, at Den Nationale Scene from 1959 to 1964, and at Oslo Nye Teater from 1967 to 1998.

Sissel Sellæg died on 5 January 2014, aged 85, in Oslo. She was outlived by her husband, actor Per Theodor Haugen and their son, actor Kim Haugen.

Carmen Zapata

Carmen Margarita Zapata (July 15, 1927 – January 5, 2014) was an American actress. She appeared in over one hundred movies and shows, including "", "Married... with Children", "Sister Act", and she was Carmen Castillo in "Santa Barbara".

Zapata died on January 5, 2014 from heart failure in Los Angeles, California. She was 86.

Lena Smedsaas

Lena Smedsaas (20 March 1951 – 6 January 2014) was a Swedish journalist and writer.

Smedsaas was born in Solna Municipality. She started working in journalism in 1973. She was best known for being a political commentator, presenter and editor for "TV4Nyheterna" on TV4.

Lena Smedsaas died from cancer on 6 January 2014, aged 62, in Täby. She was survived by her husband, writer and journalist Claes-Göran Kjellander and their two children.

Manfred Bleskin

Manfred Bleskin (13 December 1949 – 21 January 2014) was a German journalist and television presenter.

Bleskin was born in Tribsees, East Germany. He began working after receiving a doctorate from the Akademie für Gesellschaftswissenschaften. He spoke five languages.

Bleskin died on 21 January 2014, aged 64, in Berlin, Germany.

Gösta Gahm

Gösta Fredrik Gahm (born 7 July 1942) is a Swedish astronomer.

Gahm was born in Stockholm. He is the professor emeritus of astronomy at Stockholm University. Until 2010, he was the chairman of the Swedish Astronomical Society. He is the main initiator of the popular science project Sweden Solar System.

10997 Gahm, a main-belt asteroid discovered on 2 September 1978, is named in honor of Gahm.

George C. Williams

George Christopher Williams (May 12, 1926 – September 8, 2010) was an American evolutionary biologist.

Williams was a professor emeritus of biology at the State University of New York at Stony Brook. He was best known for his critique of group selection, though later in life he recognized that it did sometimes occur. The work of Williams in this area, with W.D. Hamilton, John Maynard Smith and others, led to the development of a gene-centered view of evolution.

In 1999 Williams shared the Crafoord Prize, with Maynard Smith and Ernst Mayr, for developing the concept of evolutionary biology.

Williams' 1957 paper "Pleiotropy, natural selection, and the evolution of senescence" was influential in 20th century evolutionary biology. It contains three important ideas. In this paper Williams proposed that senescence should be generally synchronized by natural selection.

"if the adverse genic effects appeared earlier in one system than any other, they would be removed by selection from that system more readily than from any other. In other words, natural selection will always be in greatest opposition to the decline of the most senescence-prone system." 

This paper also contains the first outline of the idea that natural selection might select for menopause and post-reproductive life in females, although Williams does not explicitly mention grandchildren or the inclusive fitness contribution of grandparenting. By helping grandchildren survive, grandparents promote the survival of an average of one-quarter (1/4) of their own genome.

In his first book, "Adaptation and Natural Selection", Williams advocated a "ground rule or perhaps "doctrine" would be a better term ... that adaptation is a special and onerous concept that should only be used where it is really necessary", and, that, when it is necessary, selection among genes or individuals would in general be the preferable explanation for it. This contributed to the development of a gene-centered view of evolution; Richard Dawkins built on Williams' ideas in this area in the book "The Selfish Gene".

Williams was also well known for his work on the evolution of sex, and was an advocate of evolutionary medicine.


Jóhann Gunnar Sigurðsson

Jóhann Gunnar Sigurðsson (2 February 1882 – 20 May 1906) was an Icelandic poet.

Sigurðsson was a new New Romantic-style writer. He was born in Reykjavík. He studied at the Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík until 1903.

In November 1905, Sigurðsson became sick and was hospitalized. He died on 20 May 1906, aged 24, in Reykjavík.

Violetta Ferrari

Violetta Ferrari (25 April 1930 – 23 January 2014) was a Hungarian actress.

Ferrari was born in . She began working in 1950. She appeared mostly in stage performances. She left show business in 1983.

Ferrari died on 23 January 2014, aged 85, in Budapest.

Tor Milde

Tor Milde (14 January 1953 – 15 January 2014) was a Norwegian music journalist and writer. He was a judge on the music competition "Idol" in 2005 and 2006.

Milde was born in Oslo. He started working in journalism in 1984. He was best known as a music journalist and critic for "Verdens Gang" ("VG").

Milde died after a short illness on the morning of 15 January 2014, aged 61, at the Ullevål University Hospital in his hometown of Oslo. He was survived by his two sons and his girlfriend, Irja Anthi.

Menachem Zilberman

Menachem Zilberman (6 October 1946 – 13 January 2014) was an Israeli actor, comedian and songwriter.

Zilberman was born in Eilat, Mandatory Palestine (now Israel). He started working in 1965. He most often worked as a stand-up comic.

Zilberman died from a heart attack on 13 January 2014, aged 67, in Los Angeles, California in the United States. He had lived there since 2000. He was survived by his three children.

Mogens E. Pedersen

Mogens Emil Pedersen (9 May 1928 – 5 January 2014) was a Danish journalist and writer.

Pedersen started working in 1949. He was best known as an editor for "Se og Hør".

Pedersen died on 5 January 2014, aged 85, in Gentofte Municipality.

Battle of Lewes

The Battle of Lewes was an important battle in the history of England. It was fought near the town of Lewes, in Sussex, England. The battle took place on 14 May 1264. It was one of two main battles of the conflict known as the Second Barons' War.

The two armies that met in the battle were led by King Henry III of England and a rebel leader, Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester. Henry III's son, Prince Edward, fought on his side. The battle came about because many of the leading noblemen of England were unhappy with the way King Henry was ruling the country. They wanted more involvement in the government. The Barons voted to hold a Parliament regularly so that they could discuss subjects such as taxation. King Henry would not agree to this, and so both sides started to raise armies. When the two sides met at Lewes two days before, Simon de Montfort tried to arrange a truce with the king. King Henry refused and so both sides got ready to fight a battle. 

The king's army was nearly twice as big as the rebel army. The battle began when the Baronial forces attacked the king's . When the fighting started, it looked as though the king's army would win easily. Prince Edward, who was only 25, was headstrong and made one big mistake. Edward was in charge of the cavalry, who did well in the battle but then chased some of the rebels who were running away. By the time they came back to the battlefield, the rebels had managed to win the battle. With Edward off chasing foot soldiers, Henry was forced to attack using his two remaining divisions. Henry led one, the other was led by his brother, Richard, Earl of Cornwall. Henry's division fought until driven back by the Baronial reserve forces. Cornwall's division did not do well from the start. Cornwall fled the field and hid in a windmill but was quickly captured by the barons. As a result of the battle, King Henry III was forced to sign a document called the Mise of Lewes. This gave the rebel barons what they wanted. A year later the barons were defeated at the Battle of Evesham.



<br>

Persecution of Muslims

Persecution of Muslims is the religious persecution of Muslims (persecution based on their religion). This can mean any form of participating in discrimination against Muslims. This includes using violence against them or putting them in prison. Muslims were persecuted during the crusades. There was also persecution during the Mongol invasion and in the Iberian Peninsula when they were subject to the Inquisitions. Modern persecution of Muslims exists in many countries such as Myanmar, Central African Republic and Serbia. 

Islam is a major religion and like other major religions they have suffered violent persecution. 


<br>

Sub-Saharan Africa

Sub-Saharan Africa is the part of Africa that is south of the Sahara. It includes of all the countries of Africa that are fully or partly located south of the Sahara desert (except Sudan). It contrasts with North Africa, which is considered a part of the Arab world. Somalia, Djibouti, Comoros and Mauritania are geographically part of Sub-Saharan Africa, but also part of the Arab world.

Horner

Horner is an English surname. It comes from the Anglo-Saxon language. It is from the Middle English word for people who made or blew horns.

People named Horner:

Photodiode

A photodiode is a light sensitive semiconductor. It is a type of photodetector capable of changing (or converting) light into either current or voltage, depending upon its connections. It is a diode and wired with reverse biasing so that when in the dark, only a small amount of current, known as dark current, will flow. When in the light, a current known as photocurrent flows through the diode. 

Photodiodes may contain optical filters, built-in lenses, and may have large or small surface areas. Photodiodes usually have a slower as its surface area increases. The common, traditional solar cell used to generate electric solar power is a large area photodiode. Photodiodes and look the same physically but have different functions.

It is based on a reversed bias circuit. 

Eduardo Coutinho

Eduardo Coutinho (May 11, 1933 - February 2, 2014) was a Brazilian movie director, screenwriter, and actor.

He directed and wrote the script to the 1967 popular Brazilian movie, "ABC do amor". It was made near the beginning of his career. The movie was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.

He died on February 2, 2014 in a suspected murder in Rio de Janeiro, aged 80.

Madalyn Murray O'Hair

Madalyn Murray O'Hair (April 13, 1919 – September 29, 1995) was an American atheist activist. She was the founder of the American Atheists and its president from 1963 to 1986. She created the first issues of "American Atheist Magazine". Many people criticized her and called her "the most hated woman in America". 

In 1995 she was kidnapped, murdered and dismembered along with her son Jon Murray and granddaughter Robin Murray O'Hair, by the former American Atheist office manager David Roland Waters.


Division of Brisbane

The Division of Brisbane is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named after the city of Brisbane.

At first, the Division of Brisbane included the northern part of the City of Brisbane, but boundary changes cut it back to the inner suburban area. 

It includes Alderley, Ascot, Ashgrove, Bowen Hills, Brisbane City, Clayfield, Enoggera, Ferny Grove, Fortitude Valley, Gaythorne, Grange, Hamilton, Hendra, Herston, Kelvin Grove, Keperra, Milton, Mitchelton, New Farm, Newmarket, Newstead, Red Hill, Spring Hill, Upper Kedron, Wilston, Windsor, parts of Bardon, Everton Park, Paddington and Stafford.


Division of Dawson

The Division of Dawson is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1949 and is named after Anderson Dawson, the first Labor Premier of Queensland and leader of the first parliamentary socialist government in the world. It is on the North Queensland coast, and includes the towns of Ayr, Bowen, Mackay, Proserpine and parts of Townsville. 
Rex Patterson won the seat at a by-election for Dawson in 1966 following the death of George Shaw. Patterson became Minister for Northern Development, and later Minister for Agriculture in the Whitlam Government.

The sitting member, George Christensen, was elected as a Liberal National, but resigned from the party in 2022, subsequently joining One Nation and contested a Senate seat.


Leon de Wolff

Leon de Wolff (26 September 1948 – 3 January 2014) was a Dutch journalist and media consultant and researcher.

Born in Rotterdam, South Holland, he began his career in 1972 and developed a method to classify journalistic products and improve. He also advised editors and publishers of newspapers and magazines in the Netherlands and Belgium.

Leon de Wolff died from multiple system atrophy (MSA) on 3 January 2014, aged 65, in Lochem, Gelderland.

Pye Engström

Pye Ester Agneta Engström (née Nanneson; born 8 June 1928) is a Swedish sculptor. She was born in Danderyd Municipality, Sweden. Engström studied at the Konstfack (1945–48), Royal Institute of Art (1945–48) and Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts (1948–53). She has been married to writer Clas Engström since 1951.

Sigrid Kahle

Sigrid Ida Matilda Kahle (née Nyberg; 18 September 1928 – 31 December 2013) was a French-born Swedish journalist and writer.

Born in Paris, France, she studied humanities at Uppsala University and Harvard University. At the University of Bonn she studied Arabic. Kahle married German diplomat John H. Kahle in 1951, and stayed together until his death in 2003.

Sigrid Kahle died after a short illness on 31 December 2013, aged 85, in Uppsala, Sweden.

Bedrock

In stratigraphy, bedrock is the common term for solid rock under the surface of the Earth. Above the bedrock is usually an area of broken and weathered rock, soil, sand, pebbles, etc.

The top of the bedrock is known as the rockhead and identifying this, via excavations, drilling or geophysical methods, is an important task in most civil engineering projects. Loose material on top (known as drift) can be extremely thick, so that the bedrock lies hundreds of meters below the surface.

A 'solid' geologic map of an area will usually show the rock that would be exposed at the surface if all soil or other superficial deposits were removed.

Ice Train (wrestler)

Harold Fitzgerald Hogue, Sr. (November 13, 1967 — January 23, 2024) was an American professional wrestler. He was known for his time when he wrestled in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) from 1990 to 2001. He competed in WCW under the ring names Ice Train and M.I. Smooth.

Hogue retired from professional wrestling in 2001 soon after the WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF).

On January 23, 2024, it was announced by Diamond Dallas Page that Hogue has died.



Luis Raúl

Luis Raúl Martínez (March 6, 1962 – February 2, 2014), better known by his stage name Luis Raúl, was a Puerto Rican actor, comedian, and host.

Born in Ponce, he started working in 1983. He most often worked as a stand-up comic.

Raúl died from bilateral pneumonia on February 2, 2014, aged 51, in San Juan. He arrived at hospital on January 13 and his condition worsened two weeks later.

Glacier (wrestler)

Raymond M. Lloyd (born May 13, 1964 in Brunswick, Georgia) is an American professional wrestler, martial artist and actor. He is known for his time when he wrestled in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) during the late 1990s. He competed in WCW under the ring name Glacier. He currently wrestles on the independent circuit.

Outside of professional wrestling, Lloyd has appeared in movies and television series. The first movie he appeared in was a low budget movie called "Blood Bath", in 2002. In 2007, Lloyd guest starred in an episode of "Burn Notice".



Highways in Puerto Rico

The system of highways in Puerto Rico is made up of about of roads. It is managed by Puerto Rico's Department of Transportation and Public Works.

The roads in Puerto Rico are divided into four types:


A highway may contain several types of roads, but the highway will continue to have the same route number. Primary roads have numbers 1 to 99. Secondary roads are numbered 100 to 299. Municipal (tertiary) roads are numbered 300 to 9999.

There are three Interstate Highways in Puerto Rico. Together, they total . As with Interstate Highways in Alaska and Hawaii, these routes do not connect to the rest of the United States' Interstate Highway System. However, they still get money from the U.S. government.

These Interstate Highways run along tollways and roads that are not grade-separated, which means drivers must use a specially made group of ramps to get to the road. There are no signs for these Interstate Highways. They are signed as Puerto Rico routes.

Puerto Rico's interstate routes are not to be confused with Puerto Rico Routes PR-1, PR-2, and PR-3. These are other major highways in Puerto Rico. 

The three Interstate Highways in Puerto Rico are:


Police car

A police car is a motor vehicle used by Law Enforcement Officers. It has equipment that assist Police Officers in their duties of patrolling and responding to incidents. Typical uses of a police car include transportation for officers to reach the scene of an incident quickly. Police cars are also used to transport suspects, or to an area. Some police cars are adapted for certain functions such as traffic control, to transport police dogs or for active bomb disposal.

Police cars are traditionally sedans, though SUVs, crossovers, station wagons, hatchbacks, pickup trucks, coupé utilities, utes, minivans, vans, trucks, off-road vehicles, and even performance cars have seen use in both standard patrol roles and specialized applications. Most police cars are existing vehicle models sold on the civilian market that may or may not be modified variants of their original models (such as the Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor being a variant of the Ford Crown Victoria); the few purpose-built examples include the canceled Carbon Motors E7 and the Lenco BearCat armored vehicle.

Police cars are usually marked to identify them. There are two reasons for this: firstly, so that other drivers know to get out of the way of a police car that is rushing to an emergency incident, and secondly so that the car can be a to crime. Police cars also have sirens and flashing lights which are used when they rush to an incident. However, some police cars are unmarked, so that police can carry out work without being noticed.

In the United Kingdom in the early 1900s, police vehicles were first used to chase speeding motorists. This had very poor results until police schools were opened to teach officers how to use their vehicles properly. In 1910 the first police car in the US was used in Akron, Ohio. By 1920 police cars were in wide use in the US. It was noticed that patrol cars allowed police to respond faster. It also allowed an officer to cover a wider area. By the 1960s most major cities had shifted away from foot patrols altogether in favor of police cars. But studies proved a mix of foot officers and police vehicles worked best.

Police cars are used for chases ("pursuits") against suspects. The crime the suspect is believed to have committed may have been anything from a to a major felony. Suspects often attempt to lose law enforcement by driving away, sometimes at high speed. From 1990 to 2005, 136 people were killed in the US in high speed pursuits by police. Despite controversy as to whether high speed chases are necessary police continue to work on the problem using technology and new techniques. One technique is the 'take out'. A take out is a technique used to cause the fleeing vehicle to lose control and be turned sideways by the police vehicle.

When rushing to a crime scene, police officers can drive their cars through red lights and break the speed limit and other traffic laws. They must still be careful when doing this, however.

Terms for police cars include (police) cruiser, squad car, area car and patrol car. They may also be informally known as a cop car, a 'Black and white', a 'Cherry top', a 'gumball machine', a 'jam sandwich' or 'panda car'. Depending on the configuration of the emergency lights and livery, a police car may be considered a marked or unmarked unit.

<br>

Freedom of Information Act (United States)

The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), , is a federal law. It allows for the full or partial of previously unreleased information and documents controlled by the United States government. The law defines agency records subject to disclosure. It outlines mandatory disclosure procedures and grants nine to the law. It was originally signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson, despite his doubts, on July 4, 1966 and went into effect the following year.

Linear function

In basic mathematics, a linear function is a function whose graph is a straight line in 2-dimensions (2D, see images). An example is: "y"=2"x"–1. In higher mathematics, a linear function often refers to a linear mapping.

Formally, a linear function is a function "f"("x"):R→R such that the graph of "f" is a line. This means the domain or input of "f" is a real number R and the range or output of "f" is also a real number R. Usually we write "y"("x") or just "y" in place of "f"("x"). So the formal statement means:

There are three main forms for writing linear functions: slope-intercept, standard and parametric.
The slope-intercept (also called point-slope or explicit) form of a linear function is  formula_1  or  formula_2 . This form has 2 variables "x" and "у" and 2 constants "m" and "b".

Example: "y"=–2"x"+4. The slope is "m"= –2 and the "y"-intercept is "b"=4 or the point (0,4). Substituting "y"=0 and solving for "x", we get 0=–2"x"+4 or "x"=2. So "x"=2 is the root of this linear function and the point (2,0) is the "x"-intercept. Since the slope is "m" = –2, the line is decreasing. Since |–2|=2>1, the decrease is "relatively" steep. For each change in "х" of 1 (to the right), the value of "у" changes -2 (goes down).

Example: "y"=–2"x"+4. Substituting "x"=0 we get "y"=4 (this is the "y"-intercept) and thus the point (0,4). Substituting "x"=1, we get "y"=2 and thus the point (1,2). Plot these points and draw the line. (Notice that the 2nd point is 1 to the right and 2 down from the 1st point. As we said in the above example, this happens because the slope is "m"= –2)

Example: "y"= –"x"+2. Suppose "y"= –1. We substitute "y"= –1 and get: –1= –'x"+2 or "x"=3. This is the only solution. We can do this for any "y"-value.

   formula_3.
Example: The linear function 3"x"–2"y"=1 is in standard form. The constants are "A"=3, "B"=–2 and "C"=1.

Example: The lines 3"x"–2"y"=1 and 6"x"–4"y"=2 are coincident (same line). Here the factor is: "k"=2. We multiplied the first equation by 2 to get the second equation. The unique slope-intercept form of this line is: "y"=1.5"x"–0.5 (solve either equation for y).
Parametric form: formula_5    or

Vector form: formula_6  or  formula_7 .

Example: X=(–1,1)+"t"(2,3), t∈R is a line in vector form. Here: "a"=2, "a"=3, "x"=–1 and "x"=1. The line goes through the points ("x","y")=(–1,1) and ("x"+"a","y"+"a")=(1,4). The corresponding parametric form of this line is: "x"("t")= –1+2"t", "y"("t")=1+3"t". The unique slope-intercept form of this line is: "y"("x")=1.5"x"+2.5   (solve the first equation for "t" and substitute this result into the second equation).
Example: X=(–1,1,2)+"t"(2,3,–1), t∈R is a line in 3-dimensional space. The line goes through the points (–1,1,2) and (1,4,1).

In the context where it is defined, the derivative of a function is a measure of the rate of change of function values with respect to change in input values. A linear function has a constant rate of change. This rate of change is the slope "m". So "m" is the derivative. This is often written:

Example: "y"= –2"x"+4. Here "m"= –2 and so "y"′= –2.

Often, the terms "linear equation" and "linear function" are confused. Both are polynomials. However, the word "linear" in "linear equation" means that all terms with variables are first degree. (The word "linear" in "linear function" means the graph is a line.) A linear equation can have 1, 2, 3, or more variables. So a linear equation is a linear function only if it has exactly 2 variables. (A linear equation in one variable is a point on the number line and a linear equation in 3 variables is a plane in 3-dimensional space.)

Many countries and disciplines use different letters and ordering for the different forms.

In many countries, a linear functions is often written as formula_9 where "a" is the slope and "b" is the "y"-intercept.

In business and economics, a linear function is often written as formula_10 where "a" is the "y"-intercept and "b" is the slope.



YM (magazine)

YM (or Your Magazine) was an American magazine for teenaged girls. It originally began being published in the 1930s. It was published for 72 years. It was the second-oldest girls' magazine in the United States; the oldest being "Seventeen".

It began as two separate magazines: "Compact" and "Calling All Girls". "Compact" was aimed at older teenagers. It was first published in 1932. "Calling All Girls" was intended for younger girls. It began publication in July 1941 after a teen column in "Parents' Magazine" produced a positive interest from readers. It was the first magazine for girls. Contents consisted of comics, fashion advice, and short stories. It was originally published four times a year, but soon became published every month. This was because it was popular. By 1945 it was selling 500,000 copies of each issue. The average reader was aged 13. The magazine never appealed to older teens or fashion advertisers because of its emphasis on comics.

During the 1960s, the two titles ("Compact" and "Calling All Girls") merged into "Young Miss". The title changed again to "Young & Modern" in the 1980s. It was changed one final time in 2000 to "YM". This was said to stand for "Your Magazine".

"YM" stopped being published in 2004. Subscriptions were replaced with "Teen Vogue".

Bantustan

A Bantustan (also known as a Bantu homeland, black homeland, black state, or simply homeland) was a territory set aside for South Africa's black inhabitants during apartheid. Ten Bantustans were established in South Africa and ten more in South West Africa (now Namibia), with the goal of creating nation states for the black tribes of Africa. The term "Bantustan" comes from "Bantu" (meaning "people" in the Bantu languages) and "-stan" (meaning "land" in Persian).

The founders of apartheid tried hard to make the Bantustans recognised internationally, but this never happened, and most blacks did not like the Bantustans. They were unpopular because:


The Bantustans were dissolved in 1994 and their territory incorporated into the Republic of South Africa. From 1994, most parts of the country were redivided into new provinces.


Lesotho and Swaziland were not Bantustans, but former British colonies granted independence by Great Britain and internationally recognised.
Four of the South African Bantustans, Transkei, Bophuthatswana, Venda, and Ciskei (also called the "TBVC States") were granted independence from South Africa, but were never internationally recognised. The other six had a high amount of autonomy.


Beginning in 1968, ten Bantustans were established in South West Africa. Unlike the Bantustans in South Africa, only four Bantustans in South West Africa were granted autonomy, and none were granted independence. The Bantustans were abolished in May 1989 in the transition to independence.

Coloured

In South African, Namibian, Zambian, Botswanan, and Zimbabwean context, the term Coloured (Kleurlinge in Afrikaans) is used to refer to people of mixed European and Khoisan or Bantu ancestry.

They form the majority of the Northern Cape and Western Cape populations. Most Coloured speak Afrikaans as their first language, although there are some native English speakers. The majority of Coloureds living in Cape Town are able to speak both languages.

Because of South Africa's history of racial discrimination, many feel that the term "coloured" is derogatory. The official term is "Coloured people", but many Coloureds prefer to call themselves "Black", "Khoisan", or just "South African".

During apartheid, people were classified into four groups: White, Black, Coloured, and Asian. The Cape Malays, who are of Asian descent, were not classified as Asians, but as Coloureds.

Although they were discriminated upon by the government, many Coloureds and Asians got to enjoy certain rights during the apartheid era. For example, they did not have to carry around a passbook, had limited political representation, and were considered citizens of South Africa.

Sami Gayle

Sami Gayle (born January 22, 1996) is an American actress. She co-stars as Nicky Reagan in the CBS series "Blue Bloods".

Jan Smuts

Jan Christiaan Smuts, OM, CH, ED, KC, FRS, PC (24 May 1870 – 11 September 1950), was a South African soldier and Prime Minister, from 1919 to 1924 and again from 1939 to 1948.

Jan Smuts was born into a wealthy Afrikaner family living in the British Cape Colony. He first went to school at age 12, going to Victoria College four years later to study science and the arts. He later went to Christ's College in Cambridge to study law.

Smuts was a supporter of Cecil Rhodes until it was revealed that he was apart of the Jameson Raid by a group of Uitlanders ("foreigners" in Afrikaans) in the Transvaal Republic. In 1898, Smuts moved to Johannesburg in the Transvaal to practice law and later became a minister in the Transvaal government until the outbreak of the Anglo-Boer War.

During the Boer War, he led a Boer Commando in the Cape Colony using guerrilla tactics. After the war, Smuts joined the cabinet led by Louis Botha in 1907. However, uneasiness with his Afrikaner comrades cooperating with the British led him to disown the Afrikaners on year later, declaring himself to be South African instead.

Two years after the Union of South Africa was formed, Smuts created the Union Defence Force (UDF). He led the UDF and was instrumental in the conquest of German South-West Africa and German East Africa during World War I. In 1917, Smuts was invited to join the Imperial War Cabinet. In 1918, Smuts helped created the Royal Air Force.

Smuts and Botha were key negotiators at the Paris Peace Conference. After signing the Treaty of Versailles, which gave South Africa control over Namibia, Smuts returned to politics.

When Botha died in 1919, Smuts became Prime Minister, serving until his defeat in 1924 to the National Party.

After serving nine years in opposition, Smuts became Deputy Prime Minister in a coalition government led by Barry Hertzog.
When Hertzog asked for neutrality towards Nazi Germany during World War II, he was deposed and Smuts became Prime Minister again. During World War II, Smuts was invited to the Imperial War Cabinet again, where he worked closely with Winston Churchill. In 28 May 1941, Smuts became a Field Marshal of the British Army, becoming the first South African to hold that rank. This cooperation with Churchill made Smuts very unpopular with the Afrikaners, which led to his downfall.

In May 1945, Smuts represented South Africa during the drafting of the Charter of the United Nations. Just as he did in 1919, Smuts urged the delegates to create a powerful international organisation to preserve peace. Smuts signed the Paris Peace Treaty, becoming the only person to sign the treaties that ended both the First and Second World Wars.

After World War II, Smuts continued to represent South Africa internationally. Smuts was in favour of Zionism and his government quickly recognized the newly formed State of Israel after its establishment in May 1948. However, his support for the war and plans to change racial segregation in South Africa made him very unpopular with the Afrikaners, and in 1948, lost the election to Daniel Francois Malan and the pro-Apartheid National Party.

Smuts died on 11 September 1950 from a heart attack on his family farm.

Endless Love (2014 movie)

Endless Love is an American romantic drama movie. It was released February 2014 in the United States and the United Kingdom. The movie is about a charismatic boy and wealthy girl. Her parents want them separated. This movie was rated PG-13 in the United States, for language, sexual content and brief nudity.

It is a remake of the movie of the same name from 1981. They are both based on the novel of the same name.

Tension headache

A tension headache is a common form of headache. Tension headaches affect the head, eyes and nearby areas of the body. They are very common with adults. Females are twice as likely as males to have them.

Tension headaches may be caused by:


Crowbar (wrestler)

Christopher "Chris" Ford (born March 4, 1974 in Rutherford, New Jersey) is an American professional wrestler. He is known for his time when he wrestled in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) from 1999 to 2001 under the ring name Crowbar. He has also competed in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He currently wrestles on the independent circuit under the ring names Crowbar and Devon Storm.



About Last Night (1986 movie)

About Last Night is a 1986 American romance-comedy-drama movie. Two people begin a relationship from a one-night stand after meeting in a Chicago bar. Demi Moore plays Debbie. Rob Lowe plays Danny. Megan Mullally plays Pat.

This movie was released on July 2, 1986. It got very good reviews. A remake was released in 2014.

About Last Night (2014 movie)

About Last Night is a 2014 American romantic comedy movie. It is a remake of the 1986 movie of the same name. It is about romantic encounters in Los Angeles. Paula Patton is in the cast.

The original movie was set in Chicago. This one is set in Los Angeles and has an all-black cast The remake was released in mid February of 2014. It was rated R. The original romance movie was also rated R.

Sabotage (2014 movie)

Sabotage is a 2014 action and crime thriller movie. It is about DEA officials busting safe houses of drug lords. An assassin begins to target them later on. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays John. Terrence Howard plays Sugar.

The movie was released on March 28, 2014.

Natasha Henstridge

Natasha Henstridge (born August 15, 1974) is a Canadian model turned actress. She is best known for playing the extraterrestrial-human hybrid antagonist Sil in the 1995 science-fiction horror movie, "Species", which was her movie debut. She played Lisa Rayborn in the 1998 comedy movie, "You Lucky Dog". She also played Dawn in the television series, "The Secret Circle".

Henstridge was born in Newfoundland. She was raised in Fort McMurray, Alberta.

Emma Rigby

Emma Catherine Rigby (born 26 September 1989) is an English actress. She played Hannah Ashworth in the series "Hollyoaks". She played Gemma Roscoe in "Prisoners' Wives".

Emma Rigby was born in St Helens, Merseyside, England.

Dancing Crazy

"Dancing Crazy" is a popular single sung by singer Miranda Cosgrove. The song is about being involved in parties and having a lovely time. Avril Lavigne was the co-writer of this song.

The music critics didn't accept "Dancing Crazy". It was, however, moderately strong in certain music charts. It was released in December 2010.

Mass murder

The term mass murder refers to when a murder of four people or more happens by the same person or group at the same time. Usually the murders happen at the same time or over a relatively short period of time. The FBI defines mass murder as the killing of many people without any cooling-off period. By comparison a serial killer has a cooling-off period between murders. Murder can be done by a person, a gang, a terrorist group, a government or police. Mass murderers commit their crime for many reasons. Examples of why they do it include: politics/religion/ethnicity, sadism, being bullied, mental disorders and inceldom. In many cases, the killer commits suicide or is killed by police.

The University of Texas massacre in August 1966, the 1999 Columbine High School massacre, the September 11 attacks, the Virginia Tech massacre, the 2012 Aurora shooting and the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting are some examples of mass murders that have happened in the United States.

The United Kingdom's mass murders include the Denmark Place fire in London in 1980, the Hungerford massacre in Hungerford, Berkshire in 1987 and the Pan Am Flight 103 Lockerbie, Scotland in 1988. Australia's mass murders include the Port Arthur massacre in 1996. France's include the November 2015 Paris attacks. Turkey's include the 2015 Ankara bombings.

Sexual violence

Sexual violence a sexual act or attempt to get sex by force, violence, unwelcome harassment or advances. It has risks of causing sexually transmitted conditions and mental troubles. Sexual violence happens mostly to females. Males can also be victims.

Speed badminton

Speed Badminton (or "Speedminton") is a form of badminton played without a net. It is faster than ordinary badminton. It combines rules from different sports like badminton, squash and tennis. Today, Speedminton is played all around the world. There are about 3,000 registered players that compete internationally and about 2 million players around the world.

There is no net in between players. There is also no firm rules about where it is played. It can be played on tennis courts, streets, beaches, fields or gyms. The court is two squares of 5.50–metre (18 ft) length. They are fixed opposite to each other at a distance of 12.8 m (42 ft).

There are tournaments all over the world. Tournaments are organized into a growing number of clubs. In some countries, associations are already established, for example the German Speed Badminton Association (DSBV) and the Swiss Speed Badminton (SSB). On August 25, 2011 the international Speed Badminton Organization (ISBO) was founded in Berlin.

System file

A system file is an important file which an operating system needs to be able to work properly. System files are found mainly in computers and device drivers. They can contain important information. They can contain information which enables a computer to start. They can also contain information which tells the computer how to run properly as you use it. Deleting a system file can damage a computer or make it unusable. System files in a Windows operating system are found in the System32 folder, the most important folder on the computer's hard drive. Most system files cannot be edited or deleted as they are always in use by the system.

Marquinhos

Marquinhos (real name Marcos Aoás Corrêa, born 14 May 1994 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer. He plays as a defender for Paris Saint-Germain F.C. in France.

"The Guardian" newspaper think that he is one of the 10 best young football players in the world.

He was bought by his current club from A.S. Roma for €32 million in 2013.

Daily Star

The Daily Star is a tabloid newspaper in the United Kingdom. It was first published on 2 November 1978. In 2011, it made 706,757 copies every day. It is quite similar to "The Sun". It tries to be cheaper so more people buy it than "The Sun". Although other newspapers have their favourite political party, the "Daily Star" does not. However, it was against Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown in 2009. To attract women and teenage girls the "Daily Star" has a horoscope column.

Kill la Kill

The series follows Ryuko Matoi, a student at a high school in Tokyo Bay set in post-apocalyptic Japan called Honnouji Academy. The academy is run by the student council which wear special uniforms called Goku Uniforms. The uniforms give them superhuman abilities and they use them to rule over the rest of the students and staff of the academy. Ryuko Matoi owns one-half of a scissor-shaped longsword and transferred to the academy to look for the owner of the other half of the scissor blade, the person that killed her father. When she attempts to interrogate the leader of the student council Satsuki Kiryuin about the killer, she is defeated. After her defeat, she finds a sentient sailor uniform which she names Senketsu. Ryuko is able to use Senketsu's powers to fight Satsuki and her henchmen, the Elite Four.


Dinu Cocea

Constantin "Dinu" Cocea (22 September 1929 – 26 December 2013) was a Romanian actor, screenwriter, and award winning director.

He was born in Periș, Ilfov County, Romania. Cocea graduated from Gheorghe Lazăr National College before he began his acting career in 1958. However, he made his mark as a director and screenwriter, most notably directing "Haiducii lui Șaptecai". In 2010 he received the Lifetime Achievement Award of Excellence at the Iasi International Film Festival.

Dinu Cocea died from heart failure on 26 December 2013, aged 84, in Paris, France, where he had lived since 1986. He was survived by his daughter, Oana.

Film directed by Dinu Cocea:

Jan Skopeček

Jan Skopeček (19 September 1925 – 27 July 2020) was a Czech actor and playwright. 

He was born in Litoměřice, Czechoslovakia. Skopeček began his acting career in 1949, appearing in a number of plays. He was married to actress Věra Tichánková. The two remained together until Tichánková's death in January 2014.

He died on 27 July 2020 in Prague, aged 94.

Richard Bull

Richard Bull (June 26, 1924 – February 3, 2014) was an American movie, stage, and television actor.

He is best known for his role as Nels Oleson on the NBC TV series "Little House on the Prairie" which aired from 1974 to 1983 and "Doc" on "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea".

Bull died on the morning of February 3, 2014 at the Motion Picture Television Fund campus in Calabasas, California from pneumonia. He was 89 years old.


Bill Sinkin

William R. "Bill" Sinkin (May 19, 1913 – February 3, 2014) was an American community activist for equality, international cooperation and alternative energy in San Antonio, Texas. He created the company "Solar San Antonio".

Sinkin died on February 3, 2014 from natural causes in San Antonio, Texas, aged 100.


Wu Ma

Wu Ma (real name: ) (22 September 1942 – 4 February 2014) was a Chinese-Hong Kong actor, director, producer and writer. 

Wu Ma's career began in 1963. He made over 180 appearances to his name (plus 38 directorial credits within a twenty-five year period). Wu Ma is mostly known for appearing in many movies about the history of Hong Kong Cinema. He is best known as the Taoist ghosthunter in "A Chinese Ghost Story".

Wu Ma died on 4 February 2014 in Hong Kong from lung cancer, aged 71.

Jack Steinberger

Hans Jakob "Jack" Steinberger (25 May 1921 – 12 December 2020) was a German-born American physicist of Jewish descent. He co-discovered the muon neutrino, along with Leon Lederman and Melvin Schwartz. He was given the 1988 Nobel Prize in Physics. Steinberger now lives in Switzerland.

He studied at the Illinois Institute of Technology and the University of Chicago.

Steinberger was an atheist, and a member of the International Academy of Humanism.

Steinberger died on 12 December 2020 in Geneva, Switzerland at the age of 99.



Leon Lederman

Leon Max Lederman (July 15, 1922 – October 3, 2018) was an American experimental physicist. He received, along with Martin Lewis Perl, the Wolf Prize in Physics in 1982. He won the prize for their research on quarks and leptons, and the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1988. He received the prize along with Melvin Schwartz and Jack Steinberger, for their research on neutrinos.

Lederman was of Jewish descent. He was an atheist.

Lederman died on October 3, 2018 at a care-facility in Rexburg, Idaho from complications of dementia at the age of 96.



Melvin Schwartz

Melvin Schwartz (November 2, 1932 – August 28, 2006) was an American physicist of Jewish descent.

He shared the 1988 Nobel Prize in Physics with Leon M. Lederman and Jack Steinberger for their development of the neutrino beam method and their demonstration of the doublet structure of the leptons through the discovery of the muon neutrino.

Schwartz died on August 28, 2006 in Twin Falls, Idaho from Parkinson's disease and hepatitis C, aged 73.



Martin Lewis Perl

Martin Lewis Perl (June 24, 1927 – September 30, 2014) was an American physicist of Jewish descent. Perl won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 for his discovery of the tau lepton.

Pearl died at Stanford University Hospital on September 30, 2014 from a heart attack at the age of 87.


Patrice Munsel

Patrice Munsel (May 14, 1925 – August 4, 2016) was an American coloratura soprano. She was the youngest singer who ever starred at the Metropolitan Opera. She was sometimes called "Princess Pat".

Munsel was born in Spokane, Washington on May 14, 1925. She died on August 4, 2016 in Schroon Lake, New York, aged 91.


Avar

Avar might mean:

Adolfo Suárez

Adolfo Suárez González, 1st Duke of Suárez, Grandee of Spain (25 September 1932 – 23 March 2014) was a Spanish lawyer and politician. Suárez was Spain's first democratically elected prime minister after the dictator of Franco.

Suárez was born in Cebreros, Spain.

During his term as Prime Minister, Suárez was the key figure in the country's change to democracy. He led and founded some democratic political parties in Spain. He created the "Political Reform of Spain" in 1976 which helped Spain to become a democratic country.

In 2005, he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died nine years later in Madrid at the age of 81.

Suárez was born in Cebreros, Spain. His parents were Hipólito Suárez Guerra and Herminia González Prados. He studied at the University of Salamanca. Suárez married María Amparo Illana Elórtegui in 1961.

On 4 July 1976, King Juan Carlos appointed Suárez as Prime Minister of Spain. He was the first Prime Minister under the 1978 Constitution of Spain.

In late July of 1977, Suárez became a member of the Congress of Deputies for Madrid. He was a member until he retired from politics in 1991.

In 1977, Spain had its first free elections in 41 years. Suárez was elected Prime Minister. He and the people working with him won the 1979 elections under the new constitution. He resigned as Prime Minister on 29 January 1981.

In 1981, King Juan Carlos of Spain gave Suárez the hereditary title of "Duque de Suárez" (Duke of Suárez). He also received the title "Grande de España" (English: Grandee of Spain) because of his role in the change to democracy.

The Prime Minister after Suárez was Leopoldo Calvo Sotelo. In 1986, Suárez ran again for Prime Minister. He lost to Felipe González.

Suárez had five children. His first child died in 2004 from cancer. His wife of fifty years, María Amparo died in 2001. He lived in Madrid during his retirement years.

On 31 May 2005, Suárez's son, Adolfo Suárez Illana, announced on Spanish television that his father was suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Suárez died from a respiratory infection in Madrid, aged 81.

Suárez was granted a state funeral. His small memorial service was held on March 26 at the Ávila Cathedral. Many politicians attended including all former living Spanish Prime Ministers. His state funeral was held on 31 March 2014. He was buried at the Ávila Cathedral.

On 24 March 2014, the Spanish government decided to rename the Madrid Barajas Airport to Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas in honor of his service to the country.





George Fernandes

George Fernandes (3 June 1930 – 29 January 2019) was the former Indian trade unionist, politician, journalist, agriculturist, and member of "Rajya Sabha" from Bihar. He was a key member of the Janata Dal (United), and is the founder of the Samata Party.

Fernandes suffered from Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, and in January 2010 was underwent treatment at Baba Ramdev's ashram at Haridwar He died of complications from the diseases on 29 January 2019 in New Delhi, aged 88.


Charles K. Kao

The Honorable Sir Charles Kuen Kao, (November 4, 1933 – September 23, 2018) was a Chinese-born American and British electrical engineer and physicist.

He helped discover the development and use of fiber optics in telecommunications. Kao was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics for ""groundbreaking achievements concerning the transmission of light in fibers for optical communication"". Kao holds dual citizenship of the United Kingdom and the United States. Kao is known as the ""Godfather of Broadband"".

Kao was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2002 and had speech difficulty. He died on September 23, 2018 from complications of the disease in Sha Tin, Hong Kong at the age of 84.



Auguste Deter

Auguste Deter (; 16 May 1849 – 8 June 1906) was a German woman. 

She is the first person to be diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. Auguste had a normal life. However, during the late 1890s, she started showing symptoms of dementia, such as: loss of memory, delusions, and even temporary vegetative states. She would have trouble sleeping, would drag sheets across the house, and even scream for hours in the middle of the night.

She died on 8 June 1906 from Alzheimer's in Frankfurt, aged 57.


Keith Allen (ice hockey)

Courtney Keith Allen (August 21, 1923 – February 4, 2014) was a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman and former National Hockey League (NHL) head coach and general manager. He was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was the executive vice president of the Philadelphia Flyers.

Allen died at an assisted living facility on February 4, 2014. He was 90 years old. He had suffered from dementia in his later years.

D. J. Augustin

Darryl Gerard "D. J." Augustin, Jr. (born November 10, 1987 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Orlando Magic of the NBA. He played point guard for the University of Texas Longhorns from 2006 to 2008. He was drafted ninth overall by the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association in 2008. Augustin is listed as 6'0" (1.83 m) by the NBA but stands 5'11" (1.78 m) barefoot according to the 2008 pre-draft measurements.


Tony Snell

Tony Rena Snell, Jr. (born November 10, 1991 in Los Angeles, California) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA).


Child's Play 2

Child's Play 2 is an American horror movie released in 1990. The movie is about a serial killer doll named Chucky that is causing violent terror in Chicago. Brad Dourif plays Chucky.

This movie was released in November 1990 across North America. The reviews were mixed. The box office was successful.


Věra Tichánková

Věra Tichánková (7 December 1920 – 9 January 2014) was a Czech actress. She was born in Zarnovická Hut, Nová Bana, Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia). Tichánková studied at the Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague. She began her acting career in 1940 which lasted over seventy years. Věra Tichánková died on 9 January 2014, aged 93, in Prague, Czech Republic. She was survived by her husband, actor and playwright Jan Skopeček.

Billy McColl (actor)

William Collins (15 November 1951 – 1 January 2014), better known by his stage name Billy McColl, was a Scottish actor. He was born in Hamilton, Scotland, McColl began his career in 1978. He had many different roles on British television shows such as "Doctor Who", "Hamish MacBeth", "The Bill" and "Taggart". Billy McColl died on 1 January 2014, aged 62, in London, England. He was survived by his daughter, Maud.

Tito Mora

Carlos García Romero (25 June 1940 – 30 December 2013), better known by his stage name Tito Mora, was a Spanish pop singer. Mora was born in Madrid. He began his career in the 1950s as a singer for Los Brujos, one of Spain's first pop music groups. He recorded his final album in 1996. Tito Mora died from a long pulmonary illness on 30 December 2013, aged 72, at a hospital in Madrid.

Urban history

Urban history is the study of the history of urbanism. It looks into why and how cities developed. Urban history also studies the social, political, cultural and economic aspects of cities. Most urban historians focus on the larger or more important cities. There is much less attention to small cities, towns and suburbs. Urban history involves several other fields of study as they affect cities. These include archaeology, architecture, sociology, and the political and economic aspects of cities over time. 



<br>

Ladislav Šmíd

Ladislav Šmíd (born February 1, 1986, in Frýdlant v Čechách, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech NHL ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Calgary Flames.

Before playing the NHL, Šmíd played 3 seasons with HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga. He was drafted by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim with the 9th overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He spent 1 season with the Mighty Ducks AHL affiliate team, the Portland Pirates and was traded along with Joffrey Lupul and draft picks to the Edmonton Oilers for Chris Pronger on July 3, 2006. He played 8 seasons with the Oilers and was known as a shutdown defencemen when he was paired with Jeff Petry.

On November 8, 2013, the Oilers traded Šmíd along with Olivier Roy to the Calgary Flames for Roman Horák and Laurent Brossoit.


Dane DeHaan

Dane William DeHaan (born February 6, 1986) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Jesse on the HBO cable television program "In Treatment" and as Andrew Detmer in the 2012 movie "Chronicle".

DeHaan was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He began a career in acting after graduating from the University of North Carolina in 2008. DeHaan married actress Anna Wood on June 30, 2012. They live together in Los Angeles, California.

About Last Night

About Last Night may refer to:


No Holds Barred (1989 movie)

No Holds Barred is a 1989 American professional wrestling movie.

It was produced by Michael Rachmil (with Vince McMahon and Hulk Hogan being credited as executive producers). It was written by Dennis Hackin and directed by Thomas J. Wright. No Holds Barred was released on June 2, 1989 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 5% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


There was a pay-per-view called No Holds Barred: The Match/The Movie which happened on December 12, 1989 and aired on December 27, 1989. The pay-per-view's card were the matches that were featured in the movie.

Sune Bergström

Karl Sune Detlof Bergström (10 January 1916 – 15 August 2004) was a Swedish biochemist. He was Dean of the Karolinska Institute Medical Department in Stockholm. In 1969 he became the . Bergström was best known for his work with lipid compounds. For his work on prostaglandins and related substances, Bergström was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1982, along with co-recipients Bengt I. Samuelsson and John R. Vane.


Linear mapping

In mathematics (particularly in linear algebra), a linear mapping (or linear transformation) is a mapping "f" between vector spaces that preserves addition and scalar multiplication.

Let "V" and "W" be vector spaces over the same field "K". A function "f": "V" → "W" is said to be a "linear mapping" if for any two vectors x and y in "V" and any scalar (number) α in "K", the following two conditions are satisfied:

Sometimes, a linear mapping is called a linear function. However, in basic mathematics, a linear function means a function whose graph is a line. The set of all linear mappings from the vector space "V" to vector space "W" can be written as formula_1.


Rajendran Mani

Rajendran Mani is a bodybuilder from Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. Mani was in the Indian Air Force for 15 years. After he retired, he began weightlifting. He has won both the Mr. India and Champion of Champion titles in India 14 times. He won the Mr. World title at the fifth World Bodybuilding and Physique Sports Championships. The event was held in Budaors, Hungary on November 13-17, 2013.

Rajendran Mani is a very popular bodybuilder in south India. He ranks no 4 in the top 10 Indian bodybuilder list.

Rajendran Mani was born in 1974 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. His father was a boxer which made him encourage to assemble his physique. He has a son who may also be a physique setting up champion. He started his teaching when he was 10 years earlier by turning into a member of in a well being membership as a cleaner. He has a terrific passion for well being and he realized one of the best ways to do gymnastics at his teenage. Rajendran Mani has Four brothers and a sister. He likes to spend his leisure alongside along with his pigeon. All through his teenage, he not at all went outing alongside along with his associates, each time he’ll get time, he used to use on the well being membership. His arduous work made him win further titles and now he is considered one in all many greats bodybuilders of India.

Rajendran Mani served for Indian Air Stress for virtually 15 years. He gained the first championship inside the 12 months 2002. He gained his first nationwide championship in 2009, the place he was awarded as Mr. Asia 2009. Inside the 12 months 2013, he gained the title World Bodybuilding and Physique Sports activities actions Championship held at Hungary inside the males’s 90 kg class. In 2016, he gained Mr. World and Mr. Asia and inside the following 12 months, he as soon as extra gained the title, Mr. India. Rajendran Mani was titled Mr. INDIA Champions of Champion 13 situations, Mr. Asia three situations, Mr. World 2 situations, and Mr. Indian Suppliers Champion 12 situations. Moreover, he has moreover earned the nickname “THE INDIAN HULK”. Rajendran Mani has moreover gained 4 complete titles inside the 12 months of 2005, 2008, 2012 and 2016. Beforehand 52 years, he is the one one who has gained the Championship title on the heavy class of 100 kg from Tamil Nadu.

Royal Bhutan Army

The Royal Bhutan Army () is the army of Bhutan. Its job is to protect the territory of Bhutan and maintain stability inside the country.

Päijät-Häme

Päijänne Tavastia is a region in Southern Finland. As of November 30, 2013, 202,525 people lived there. Neighbourin regions are Uusimaa, Kanta-Häme, Pirkanmaa, Central Finland, Southern Savonia and Kymenlaakso


Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia

The Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia (RFDS) is a medical service in Australia. It was the first flying medical service in the world. It provides emergency and other health care to people living in rural and remote areas. It is a not-for-profit organisation.

Communities in the Outback and the bush are generally small, and spread over large distances. Many farms, stations and outstations are located far from towns over rough trails. Because of this, many of these places do not have access to hospitals or doctors. The Flying Doctor Service brings medical service to them. It can land planes in any community that has an airstrip.

Today it has a fleet of about 60 planes. They fly from 21 bases located across Australia.

The service was started by Reverend John Flynn. He had worked in rural areas of Victoria. In 1912, he was asked by the Presbyterian Church to look at the needs of people living in the Northern Territory. His report about it led to the creation of the Australian Inland Mission (AIM). Flynn became the manager of this. It began as one nursing clinic. By 1926, it had become a network of ten nursing clinics.

On 15 May 1928, Flynn formed the AIM Aerial Medical Service. This was an experiment based in Cloncurry, in Queensland. AIM leased a de Havilland DH.50 plane from the Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Service (Qantas). The plane was named "Victory". It would fly doctors to remote communities. The service answered its first call on 17 May 1928. From Cloncurry, the plane flew to Julia Creek in central Queensland. Within its first year of operations, the service flew more than 30,000 kilometres in 50 flights. It became the world's first flying ambulance service.

From the mid-1920s, Flynn had been experimenting with radio together with Alfred Traeger. Traeger built the first pedal-powered transmitter in 1929. It allowed people in remote places to contact a central medical base. These transmitters were given out gradually to stations, missions and other communities around Cloncurry. Cloncurry was the base site for a large transmitter.

During its first few decades, the service got most of its money from community fundraising, volunteers and donations. Today, the service gets financial help from the federal and state governments. But it still needs money from fundraising and donations from the community.

Until the 1960s, the service mostly leased planes and pilots. After this point, the service moved on to buying its own equipment and employing its own pilots and mechanics.

By the early 1930s, there was growing interest in expanding the service across the continent. Demand for its services was increasing. In response, the service expanded its fleet by hiring more planes and more pilots. Money from fundraising and the Australian Government helped to finance the project. In 1934, it became the Australian Aerial Medical Service. It opened up new bases across the country, in Wyndham, Port Hedland, Kalgoorlie, Broken Hill, Alice Springs, Meekatharra, Charters Towers and Charleville. These bases were organised into "sections". A council to manage the organisation was formed in 1936.

The service's name was changed to the Flying Doctor Service in 1942. It was given the honorific "Royal" in 1955.




Chevrolet Chevette

Chevrolet Chevette was a car. It was made from 1975 to 1987 in the United States. It was also made in South America till almost 1999. The vehicle was a subcompact car. It was a good selling vehicle in the United States and Canada.

The production for Chevette ended December 23, 1986. GM replaced this car with a badge engineered version of the Suzuki Cultus, selling it under various names such as Chevrolet Sprint/Sprint Metro, Geo/Chevrolet Metro, Pontiac Fireflty, Holden Barina. The next subcompact vehicle GM made for North America was the Chevrolet Aveo in 2004. The Aveo was later rebranded as the Sonic in 2012.

Chevrolet Celebrity

The Chevrolet Celebrity was a car. It was made from 1982 to 1990. The Celebrity was the best-selling car in 1986 in North America. The vehicle lasted one generation.

The sedan was stopped for 1989. The station wagon was last produced for 1990. Chevrolet replaced the sedan with the Lumina, and the station was succeeded by Chevrolet Lumina APV (a minivan).

The Celebrity is similar to the Buick Century, Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera and Pontiac 6000.

John Clare

John Clare (13 July 1793 – 20 May 1864) was an English poet. He was the son of a farm labourer. He was known for his poems about the English countryside.

His biographer Jonathan Bate states that Clare was "the greatest labouring-class poet that England has ever produced. No one has ever written more powerfully of nature, of a rural childhood, and of the alienated and unstable self."

Nellie Tayloe Ross

Nellie Tayloe Ross (born Nellie Davis; November 29, 1876 — December 19, 1977) was an American politician. She was the 14th Governor of Wyoming. She is the only female governor that state has had.

Ross was born near St. Joseph, Missouri. She died when she was 101 years old.

Martha Layne Collins

Martha Layne Collins (born Martha Layne Hall; December 7, 1936) is a former American businesswoman and politician from Kentucky. As of 2014, she is the only female governor Kentucky has had. She was the fifty-sixth Governor (1983-87) after replacing John Y. Brown Jr..

Collins was considered as a running mate for Democratic Presidential nominee Walter Mondale. Mondale, however, chose Geraldine Ferraro for his mate.

Layne Collins was born in Bagdad, Kentucky.

Miriam A. Ferguson

Miriam A. Ferguson (born Miriam Amanda Wallace; June 13 1875 — June 25, 1961) was a politician in Texas. She was nicknamed "Ma" Ferguson. She became the Governor of Texas on two different occasions. She was the second woman governor that served the United States.

Ferguson was born in Bell County, Texas. She died of heart failure, age eighty six.

Christine Todd Whitman

Christine Todd Whitman (sometimes called Christie; born September 26, 1946) is a former American Republican Governor. She served New Jersey (January 1994 to January 2001). She was also the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (2001-03). She is so far the only female governor from New Jersey.

Todd Whitman was born in New York City.

Maggie Hassan

Margaret "Maggie" Hassan (before that: Margaret Wood; born February 27, 1958) is an American politician from New Hampshire. She is the U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. She previously operated as the 81st governor of New Hampshire from 2013 to 2017. She was elected governor in November 2012 and reelected in November 2014.

In 2016, she ran for the U.S. Senate and unseated Kelly Ayotte, the Republican incumbent in New Hampshire. She narrowly won the election by less than 720 votes.

Hassan was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Rocket Power

Rocket Power, is an American animated television series that was created by Arlene Klasky and Gabor Csupo. The series started on August 7, 1999 and ended on July 30, 2004. The show returned to "The '90s Are All That" programming block from December 23, 2013 until January 12, 2014.

The series is about four friends Oswald "Otto" Rocket , Regina "Reggie" Rocket , Maurice "Twister" Rodriguez (Otto's 1st best friend), and Sam "Squid" Dullard (Otto's 2nd best friend) that play extreme sports and live in the fictional Southern California town of Ocean Shores.


Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives

The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE or ATF) is a federal law enforcement group. The ATF became its own organization on January 17, 2003, after it was proposed in the Homeland Security Act of 2002. They are a branch of the United States Department of Justice. The ATF actively prevents dangerous criminals and criminal organizations from illegally trafficking firearms and explosives, illegal storage of explosives, arson, bombings, and acts of arson, as well as stopping the illegal sale of alcohol and tobacco. 

In 1993, the ATF executed an operation in Waco, Texas, known as the Waco Siege, along with the FBI, the Texas Rangers, the Texas Military Forces, and the Alabama National Guard. Their goal was to serve a search warrant issued by the ATF on a religious cult known as the "Branch Davidians." The location of the siege was a building complex known as Mount Carmel Center ranch, in McLennan County, Texas, slightly north of Waco. The reason for the warrant was because of suspected weapons violations. The aftermath of the Waco Siege and the force used during it by federal agents is still disputed to this day.

Beykent University

Beykent University () is a university in Istanbul, Turkey.


Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act

The Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) is an American federal law. This law allows extended criminal penalties and civil actions for criminal networks. RICO means that the leaders of any group can be tried for crimes if they forced others do the crimes or help with the crimes.

The RICO act covers these crimes:


RICO started in 1970. Many different groups have been threatened with lawsuits or sued under this law.
Examples include: 

Carlos Borges

Carlos Ariel Borges (14 January 1932 – 5 February 2014) was an Uruguayan footballer. Borges is best known for scoring the first goal ever in a Copa Libertadores.

He earned 35 caps and scored 10 goals for the Uruguay national football team from 1954 to 1959. He played in the 1954 FIFA World Cup when Uruguay finished fourth, as he scored four goals including a hat-trick against Scotland. During his club career he played for C.A. Peñarol.

He died on February 5, 2014, aged 82.

Louan Gideon

Louan Gideon (November 12, 1955 - February 3, 2014) was an American actress. She is best known for her role as Danielle Atron in "The Secret World of Alex Mack". She was also in "Search for Tomorrow".

Gideon died on February 3, 2014 in Asheville, North Carolina from cancer, aged 58.

Louise Brough

Althea Louise Brough Clapp (March 11, 1923 – February 3, 2014) was an American tennis player, once ranked world no. 1.

She was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma but moved to Beverly Hills, California when she was four years old.

Brough Clapp appeared in six singles finals at the U.S. Championships, but won only in 1947. She had a match point at 6–5 in the third set of the 1948 final against duPont. She also had three match points in the 1954 final against Hart, the first at 5–4 in the third set and two more at 6–5 in that set.

She was inducted in the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1967.

Brough died at her home in Vista, California, on February 3, 2014, at the age of 90.


Benny the Bull

Benny the Bull, commonly known as Benny, is the mascot of the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association. He has been the official mascot since 1969. Benny is one of the longest-tenured mascots in the NBA and in all of professional sports.

For more than 40 years, Benny the Bull has been entertaining Chicago Bulls fans, first at Chicago Stadium (1969–1994), and then at the United Center (1994–present). In 2013, Benny was named the most popular mascot in sports by Forbes.

He wears a jersey with the name "Benny" with the number "1" above on his back. Benny sports several different costumes based on the theme of the game as well as his overall "mood". Benny the Bull can also do many different kinds of dances.

Chicago Stadium

The Chicago Stadium (nicknamed the 'Madhouse on Madison') was an indoor sports arena and theater in Chicago, Illinois. It opened in 1929, and closed in 1994. It was demolished in 1995 because the Chicago Blackhawks and Chicago Bulls moved to the United Center.

Michael Jordan played his prime years and the Bulls won their first three championships while using Chicago Stadium.

The Stadium hosted the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL from 1929–1994 and the Chicago Bulls of the NBA from 1967–1994.

The arena was the site of the first NFL playoff game in 1932; the 1932, 1940, and 1944 Democratic National Conventions; and the 1932 and 1944 Republican National Conventions.

The Chicago Blackhawks, also previously known as the Chicago Stadium Corporation, and not the Bulls, are the actual owners of both Chicago Stadium and the United Center.


Wesley Willis

Wesley Willis (May 31, 1963 – August 21, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter and visual artist from Chicago.

Willis began a career as an underground singer-songwriter in the outsider music tradition, with songs featuring his bizarre, humorous and often obscene lyrics sung over the auto accompaniment feature on his Technics KN electronic keyboard.

On August 21, 2003, Willis died due to complications from chronic myelogenous leukemia in Skokie, Illinois. He was 40 years old. 


Richard Appel

Richard James "Rich" Appel (born May 21, 1963) is an American writer, producer and former lawyer. He is best known for writing and producing Fox animated sitcoms such as "Family Guy", "American Dad!", and "The Simpsons". He also co-created "The Cleveland Show" with Seth MacFarlane and Mike Henry.
Appel was born in New York City, New York and grew up in Wilmette, Illinois. He graduated from Harvard University. While at Harvard, he wrote for "The Harvard Lampoon" with Conan O'Brien and Greg Daniels. He originally worked as a lawyer. He began a career in television writing in 1994. Appel married author Mona Simpson in 1993. They had two children together before divorcing.

Kate Pierson

Catherine Elizabeth "Kate" Pierson (born April 27, 1948) is an American musician and singer. She was one of the members of The B-52s. She does rock and new wave music. She also sang with other bands.

Pierson was born in Weehawken, New Jersey.

B*Witched

B*Witched are a girl group from Ireland. The group has four female singers. They sing pop and dancing music. Their songs, including "C'est la Vie" and "Rollercoaster", were successful in the United Kingdom. They had other songs.

The group broke up in 2002. They got together again in 2012.

Vasiľ Biľak

Vasiľ Biľak (11 August 1917 – 6 February 2014) was a Slovak communist leader.

He was born in Krajná Bystrá, Austria-Hungary. His family were Rusyns. He first worked as a tailor and then became a politician. First, from 1955 until 1971, he was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Slovakia (ÚV KSS). Biľak was, from November 1968 until December 1988, a secretary of ÚV KSČ with important impact on the foreign policy of the party. From 1960 until 1989, he was a part of the National Assembly, later the Federal Assembly.

Vasiľ Biľak died on 6 February 2014 in Bratislava, Slovakia. He was aged 96.

John Ostrom

John Harold Ostrom (February 18, 1928 – July 16, 2005) was an American paleontologist.

In the 1960s, he showed that dinosaurs are more like big non-flying birds than they are like lizards (or "saurians"). Thomas Henry Huxley in the 1860s had thought birds evolved from dinosaurs, based on a comparison of "Archaeopteryx" with "Compsognathus". Huxley's idea was later discarded, mainly because Heilmann, in 1926, had different views.

The first of Ostrom's reviews of the osteology and phylogeny of the primitive bird "Archaeopteryx" appeared in 1976. After the modern discoveries of fossil dinobirds in China, the HuxleyOstrom theory was accepted by almost all palaeontologists.

Ostrom was a professor at Yale University. He was the Curator Emeritus of vertebrate paleontology at the Peabody Museum of Natural History, which has an impressive fossil collection started by Othniel Charles Marsh. He died from complications of Alzheimer's disease.

His 1964 discovery of "Deinonychus" was one of the most important fossil finds in history. "Deinonychus" was an active predator that clearly killed its prey by leaping and slashing or stabbing with its "terrible claw". Evidence of a truly active lifestyle included long strings of tendons running along the tail, making it a stiff counterbalance for jumping and running. The conclusion that at least some dinosaurs had a high metabolism, and were therefore warm-blooded, was popularized by his student Robert Bakker. This helped to change the impression of dinosaurs as the sluggish, slow, cold-blooded lizards which had prevailed since the turn of the century.

This changed how dinosaurs are seen by both professional dinosaur illustrators, and by the public. The find is also credited with triggering the "dinosaur renaissance", a term coined in a 1975 issue of "Scientific American" by Bakker. It describes the renewed interest in paleontology, which has lasted from the 1970s to the present.

Ostrom's interest in the dinosaur-bird connection started with his study of what is now known as the Haarlem "Archaeopteryx". Discovered in 1855, it was actually the first specimen recovered but, incorrectly labeled as "Pterodactylus crassipes", it languished in the Teyler's Museum in the Netherlands until Ostrom's 1970 paper (and 1972 description) correctly identified it as one of only eight "first birds" (counting the solitary feather).

Ostrom also studied fossilized trackways of the duckbilled dinosaur "Hadrosaurus". He decided they traveled in herds. To this extent they were social animals like many birds and mammals, but unlike lizards.



Maya Plisetskaya

Maya Mikhaylovna Plisetskaya (; 20 November 1925 – 2 May 2015) was a Russian ballerina, choreographer, director and actress. She was born in Moscow, Soviet Union.

Plisetskaya gained an interest in ballet at a young age and was active during the Soviet period. She has been called by some, such as Nikita Khrushchev, one of the best ballerinas of all time. She was married to composer and pianist Rodion Shchedrin from 1958 until her death.

Plisetskaya was born in Moscow, Russia to Lithuanian Jewish parents. Her mother, Rachel Messerer, was a silent movie actress and her father, Mikhail Plisetski, was a diplomat. She studied at the Bolshoi Theater.

In 1938, her father was arrested and later executed during the Stalinist purges. Her mother was arrested soon after and, with Maya's seven-month-old baby brother, sent to a gulag in Kazakhstan for the next three years. Plisetskaya was taken in by her maternal aunt (a ballerina) until her mother was released in 1941.

During the years without her parents, and barely a teenager, Plisetskaya "faced terror, war, and dislocation". As a result, "Maya took refuge in ballet and the Bolshoi Theatre".

For many years she was not allowed to tour outside the Soviet Union. This ban was lifted in 1959 by Nikita Khrushchev.

Able to travel the world as a member of the Bolshoi, her skill as a dancer was widely recognised. It set a high standard for ballerinas in technique and dramatic presence. Khrushchev allowed her to go on the Bolshoi tour in New York and he was immensely satisfied upon reading the reviews of her performances. He embraced her on her return.

Within a few years, she was recognized as “an international superstar” and a continuous “box office hit throughout the world”. The Soviet Union treated her as a favored cultural emissary, as “the dancer who did not defect”. Although she toured extensively during the years that other dancers defected, including Rudolph Nureyev, Natalia Makarova and Mikhail Baryshnikov, Plisetskaya always returned to Russia.

Plisetskaya explains that for her generation, and her family in particular, defecting was a moral issue. She had once asked her mother why their family didn't leave the Soviet Union when they had the chance, at the time living in Norway. Her mother said “Misha would never have been a traitor”.

Plisetskaya married composer Rodion Shchedrin in 1958. They lived in Munich, Germany. She was close friends with Robert F. Kennedy. Plisetskaya was a naturalized citizen of Lithuania and Spain.

Plisetskaya died in Munich, Germany on 2 May 2015 from a heart attack, aged 89.

Plisetskaya was given many awards by the Soviet Union, and by Russia. Of special note were:



Brent Hayden

Brent Matthew Hayden (born October 21, 1983 in Mission, British Columbia) is a Canadian retired swimmer.

During the 100-metre freestyle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London he won the bronze medal for Canada. He became the first Canadian in 21 years to win a gold medal at the World Aquatics Championships. He was also the first Canadian to appear in the 100-metre final at the Olympics since Dick Pound appeared at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was also the first Canadian to win an Olympic medal in the 100 m event.

After the men's 4 × 100-metre medley relay at the Olympics, Hayden announced that he was retiring. He said he believed in the Canadian swim team to thrive in the future, saying that "I think in the grand scheme of things, with the people we have, we’ve done an amazing job … As long as we keep that momentum building, I think we’re going to see more success come from more diverse events."


Zhucheng fossil site

The Zhucheng fossil site is in Zhucheng, a city in the Shandong Province of China. It is perhaps the greatest treasury of dinosaur fossils found in the 20th century.

Zhucheng has been an important site for dinosaur excavation since 1960. The local community used the calcium-rich fossils for traditional village remedies used to treat muscle cramps and other minor ailments.

The world's largest hadrosaur fossil was found in Zhucheng in the 1980s, and is on display in the local museum. Scientists have collected more than of fossils since 1960.

Many dinosaur bones were smuggled out of the city. In 2008 Australia returned hundreds of kilograms of Chinese dinosaur fossils, including dinosaur fossil eggs. These fossils were recovered during a sting operation carried out on warehouses and cargo containers.

The palaeontologists believe they have found one of the biggest sites of dinosaur remains from a massive excavation pit. The fossilized bones date to the Upper Cretaceous just before to the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. The findings also include the remains of a 20 meter (66 ft) hadrosaurid, a record size for the duck-billed dinosaur. A fossilized skull of a large ceratopsian was also found along with bones which belong to club-tailed ankylosaurs.

Such a high concentration of fossil bones in such a small area suggests they died together and suddenly. Scientists believe a volcanic eruption may have killed the dinosaurs, and a subsequent flood carried the fossils to Zhucheng, which may have been a wetland covered in grass.

The local authorities in Shandong are making plans to set up a fossil park in the area.

Tamina Snuka

Sarona Reiher (born January 10, 1978) better known by her ring name Tamina Snuka, is an American professional wrestler. She is curretly wrestling for the WWE. She is the daughter of WWE Hall of Famer Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka.

On the May 24, 2010 episode of "Raw", Reiher debuted along with Jimmy and Jey Uso. On the September 28, 2013 episode of "SmackDown", she began accompanying WWE Divas champion AJ Lee to the ring. She currently teams with her and acts as her bodyguard. December 26,2023 Tamina announced her retirement.



Royal Highness

Royal Highness is a style of address traditionally used to address or refer to members of the royal families. This address is usually for princes, other than monarchs, and their female . This style ranks below that of Imperial Highness. Historically the term was first used by Gaston, Duke of Orléans, younger son of King Henry IV of France. He encountered this style in Brussels and used it himself. His children later used the style, considering it their right as grandchildren of France. In contradiction to other European kingdoms, the kingdom of Denmark reserves the superior style of Royal Highness only to the children of the monarch and the children of the crown prince; other grandchildren of a Danish monarch enjoy the style of Highness, e.g. Princess Elisabeth of Denmark.



HI

HI or Hi can mean several things:


Metre Convention

The Metre Convention is the treaty that set up the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM). The BIPM is an inter-governmental organization that is responsible for harmonizing systems of measurement across the world. The treaty was first made in 1875 between 17 countries.

The member countries agreed to share the costs of running a laboratory on neutral territory. The international prototype metre and the international prototype kilogram would be kept at the laboratory. Member state's national prototype metres and kilograms would be compared with the international prototypes at regular intervals. Member states would have regular meetings to discuss developments in measurement technology.

In 1921 the treaty was extended to cover electrical and all other physical measurements. This enabled the BIPM to published the standards for the International System of Units (SI). Under SI, units of measurements that are used in science and engineering were defined in a logical manner. The rules for SI also standardized the way in which physical quantities are written.

In 2014 the BIPM had 55 member countries.

The metric system was developed in France in the 1790s. The length of the metre was made to be one ten millionth of the distance between the North Pole and the equator. Between 1791 and 1798 the French men Delambre (a mathematician and astronomer) and Méchain (an astronomer) measured the distance between Dunkirk and Barcelona. The measurements were used to make a metal bar exactly 443.296 "lignes" long (the "ligne" is an old French unit of length equal to one twelfth of a French inch). The bar would be used as a standard for the metre. The bar was later called the "metre des archives". By the 1860s it was found that the "metre des archives" was 0.03% shorter than it was supposed to have been.

The Great Exhibition in London in 1851 and the Paris International Exhibition in 1867 had shown the need for different nations to use the same units of measurement. In the 1860s there were many discussions by astronomers and surveyors from outside France whether they should use the "metre des archives" or whether they should use a "new metre" that took account of the 0.03% error. Prussia took the lead in organizing conferences in Berlin to discuss the matter. France did not take part in the conferences. Before any actions could be taken the Franco-Prussian War broke out. Prussia defeated France and the German Empire was formed.

In 1875 France invited representatives to Paris to discuss the matter. This helped France to score a diplomatic victory over Prussia and the German Empire.

The treaty was signed by seventeen of the countries at the conference in Paris on 20 May 1875. The United Kingdom and the Netherlands went to the conference but did not sign the treaty at that time. After further consideration, the United Kingdom did sign the treaty in 1884.

The meeting agreed:

The organization set up by the treaty was the International Bureau of Weights and Measures. Its French name is "Bureau international des poids et mesures". Its abbreviation is BIPM. The BIPM has its headquarters at the Pavillon de Breteuil, Sèvres, France (close to Paris). About 70 people work at the BIPM. The budget for 2013 was over €10 million ($12 million).

The three organisations were set up under the treaty. They are:

The Bureau has responsibility for safeguarding the international prototype kilogram.

The official language for the organisations is French. Until 1988 all reports of meetings were only published in French. Since then both English and French have been used. Abbreviations are based on the French words, not English words. Official communications between the BIPM and France are conducted via the French Foreign Ministry. Official communications with other countries are conducted via that country's embassy in Paris.

The General Conference on Weights and Measures was set up under the Metre Convention as an organ of the BIPM. It gives the BIPM its mandate and budget on behalf of the member states. Its French name is "Conférence générale des poids et mesures". Its abbreviation is "CGPM".
The CGPM meets every four to six years. The first meeting was in 1889 and the 24th meeting was in 2011. Each member state has one vote. France is represented by its foreign minister and by the president of the French Academy. The French Foreign minister is the chairman of the opening and closing sessions of any CGPM session. The president of the French Academy is the chairman of other meetings of the CGPM.

The CGPM:

The International Committee for Weights and Measures was set up under the Metre Convention as an organ of the BIPM. It advises the CGPM and supervise the BIPM. Its French name is "Comité international des poids et mesures". Its abbreviation is CIPM.

The CGPM has 18 members. These members are well-known measurement experts who are elected by the CGPM. They must all come from different countries. One of the CIPM members must be French. They meet once or twice a year in Paris. The CIPM is assisted by a number of Consultative Committees. In February 2014 there were ten such committees. Nine of the committees are dedicated to special types of measurement such as Electricity and Magnetism, Length, Photometry and Radiometry, Thermometry and Time and Frequency. The CIPM appoints people to these committees.

The tenth committee is called the Consultative Committee for Units (CCU). Its chairman is appointed by the CIPM. Other members of the committee are appointed by other organizations. These organizations include International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). The CCU's task is to ensure that all the definitions of SI are consistent. It also drafts the SI standard which is called the "SI Brochure".

The BIPM's offices and laboratories art at the Pavillon de Breteuil, Sèvres, France (close to Paris).

The BIPM looks after the International Prototype Kilogram (IPK) for the CGPM. It provides laboratory services for the CGPM and CIPM. Member states use the BIPM laboratories when they check their own copy of the kilogram against the IPK. The BIPM offices are also the headquarters for the CGPM and CIPM.

In 1875 the convention only dealt with standardization of the kilogram and the metre. The convention was revised in 1921 to accommodate all physical measurements. In 1933 the CGPM approved efforts that were being made to merge electrical and photometry units into the metric system.

During the late nineteenth and early twentieth century many new units of measure were defined using the metric system. Units of measure used in electrostatic applications, electromagnetic applications and electrical distribution systems were incompatible with each other. The use of standard gravity in force and pressure definitions resulted in more units of measure being defined than were necessary.

After the Second World War the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics (IUPAP) and the French Government asked the BIPM to look into the matter. In 1948, the 9th CGPM asked the CIPM to conduct a study into units of measurement used by member states. The CIPM reported back and in 1954 the 10th CGPM decided to set up a new system of units. There would be six base units. These were the metre, kilogram, second, ampere, degree Kelvin (later renamed kelvin), and candela. The new system was published in 1960. The 11th CGPM named it the "International System of Units". The short name was "SI". This came from the French name, . The BIPM described SI as "the modern metric system".

Since 1960 the BIPM has made several refinements to SI. Some of the refinements include developing new ways of making high precision measurement. Other refinements include small changes to details of definitions.

The atomic clock has made very precise time-keeping possible. The earth is slowing down. A the "time of the dinosaurs" the earth rotated once every 23 hours. It is now possible to measure variations in the Earth's rotation caused by volcanoes and tsunamis. This is done by the International Earth Rotation Service (IERS). The IERS proposes leap seconds as and when these are needed. Under the Metre Convention, the BIPM has the task of coordinating over 200 atomic clocks around the world. These clocks are located in 50 different national laboratories.

Many measuring devices need to be recalibrated at regular intervals. These devices might be petrol pumps. They might be weighing scales. They might be complex medical equipment like MRI scanners. A certificate is issued when the device is recalibrated. The device that is used to do the calibration must itself be calibrated. These devices are often recalibrated in a national metrology laboratory. Legal problems can arise if a calibration done in one country is not recognised in another country.

Some countries are full members of the CGPM and have a vote at CGPM meetings. These countries have their own copy of the prototype kilogram. They also take part in the CIPM MRA program.

Other countries are associate members. They take part on the CIPM MRA program. They may speak at CGPM meetings but not to vote at these meetings. They do not have their own copies of the prototype kilogram.

 (1877) <br>

At its 21st meeting (October 1999), the CGPM created the category of "associate" for those states not yet members of the BIPM and for economic unions.

The following international organisations have signed the CIPM MRA:

 (1970–2012)<br>


Western horse

The Western horse (or Equus occidentalis) was a species of horse that inhabited North America during the Pleistocene. It is now extinct.

It was a stoutly built animal. It resembled the extinct quagga or the modern zebra, although it was not a close relative of either or these species.

Tavastia (historical province)

Tavastia is an historical province in Finland.

Tavastia is now divided between four regions of Finland. These are Tavastia Proper, Päijänne Tavastia, Pirkanmaa and Central Finland.

Town &amp; Country

Town & Country is a romantic comedy movie from 2001. This movie is about an architect named Porter whose life begins coming apart. The movie is also about deceitful friends. Goldie Hawn plays Mona Morris. Andie MacDowell plays Eugenie. Jenna Elfman plays Auburn.

The movie was released on April 27, 2001 by Warner Bros. The reviews were very negative. Both critics and audiences did not like this movie. It bombed in the box office. Its intake was only barely US$10.5 million over a budget of $90 million.

Imperial Highness

Imperial Highness is a style of address traditionally used by members of an emperor's family. It ranks as the highest and most prestigious style used among royalty. It outranks the style of Royal Highness. The style is often associated with the title of Crown Prince.



Diego Costa

Diego da Silva Costa (born 7 October 1988) is a Brazilian-Spanish footballer which he last played as a striker for Atletico Madrid and the Spanish national football team.

He was born in Brazil and played for the Brazil national football team for the first time in 2013. However, he then chose to play for Spain. This made the Brazil manager, Luiz Felipe Scolari, very angry. The Brazilian Football Confederation have even asked the country's government to remove Costa's citizenship.

In March 2014, Costa changed to the Spanish national team. This was when he was granted his Spanish citizenship. He made his first appearance against Italy and represented Spain in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Costa spent 2 years at Barcelona Esportivo Capela, from 2004 to 2006. After this, he then began his senior career in Portugal by joining Penafiel.

In the same year as joining Braga, he was sent on a loan spell to Penafiel. He played 13 league games with 5 goals.

In 2007, Costa joined Atletico Madrid for a fee of . Unfortunately, he didn't get a games due to loan spells.

Diego Costa remained at Braga in 2007 but on a loan spell. This time, he made 7 league appearances, but he failed to score a goal. In the UEFA Cup, he scored his first goal in a domestic cup against Parma F.C.

He was then loaned to Celta for the 2007-08 Segunda Division season. In that season, he made an impressive 30 appearances and scored 5 goals.

Staying in the Segunda Division, he then joined on loan Albacete Balompie for the 2008-09 season. At this loan spell, he made 35 league appearances and 9 goals.

Costa was bought by Valladoid from Atletico Madrid in 2009 Transfer Window. In this 2009-10 season, he made 34 league appearances with 8 goals. But it wasn't enough to keep Valladolid in La Liga, the top division in Spain. Valladolid was eventually relegated to the Segunda División.

Costa returned to Atletico in June 2010 for an undisclosed fee. Since then, Costa has made a superb 94 league appearances and 43 league goals during his 4 year spell with the club. In his time, he suffered with a few injuries during his time. This include his hamstring injury he suffered near to the end of the 2013-14 La Liga season. 
On 1 July 2014, it was announced that Chelsea had agreed a fee with Atletico to sign Costa for a fee of £32 million. He made his first league appearance against Burnley in a game which he scored in for Chelsea to win 3–1.

Appearances and goals by national team and year

Atlético Madrid

Chelsea

Atlético Mineiro

Individual

Records

During his international career, he started with the Brazilian National Team in 2013. He only made 2 appearances with no goals. But controversy was created when Costa was granted a Spanish Citizernship in 2014. Then, Costa adopted Spain as his national side. He made his debut against Italy on the 5 March 2014, Spain won 1–0. Costa was called-up to play for Spain in the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He started for both of the first two games of Spain's torlument against Holland and Chile, but was rested against Australia. Spain lost 5–1 against Holland And 2–0 against Chile. They did win 3–0 against Australia in their final group game, but it wasn't enough to keep them to progess into the knock out phases. Costa is still yet to score a goal for Spain during his time playing as a striker for the national side.

The Fault in Our Stars

The Fault in Our Stars is a 2012 novel by young adult author John Green. 

The book follows the story of sixteen year old Hazel Grace Lancaster, who has cancer. Her parents make her go to a support group, where she meets a boy named Augustus Waters, who she falls in love with. 

It has been made into a movie of the same name, which was released on June 6, 2014.

Koke

Koke (born Jorge Resurección Meredio in Madrid on 8 January 1992) is a Spanish footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Atlético Madrid. He played for the Spain national football team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

!Total||10||0

Gomphothere

The Gomphotheres were a varied family of extinct elephant-like animals (proboscidea). The early species had four tusks, and scratches on the teeth suggest they ate rough vegetable matter.

They had a wide distribution. They were common in North America during the Miocene and Pliocene epochs, 121.6 million years ago. Some lived in parts of Eurasia, Beringia and, after the Great American Interchange, South America.

Beginning about five million years ago, they were gradually replaced by modern elephants. The last two South American species, in the genus "Cuvieronius", did not become extinct until about 9000 years ago. "Stegomastodon" remains have been dated as recently as 6,000 years ago in the Valle del Magdalena, Colombia. 

Gomphotheres survived in Mexico and Central America until the end of the Pleistocene. 

The arrival of mankind in the Americas about 11,000 years ago is generally credited for the loss of large species of all kinds of animals. The details of this are unknown. 
The relationship between the Gomphotheres and modern elephants is also unknown. The similarities might be due to descent, or might be due to parallel evolution, that is, to similar lifestyles.

22 Jump Street

22 Jump Street is a 2014 criminal comedy movie. The movie is about two police officers who go undercover at a fraternity. Their friendship is pushed to the limit. Channing Tatum plays Jenko. Jonah Hill plays Morton.

The movie picks up from where the first movie left off. It was released in June 2014.

Brie Larson

Brianne Sidonie Desaulniers, known professionally as Brie Larson, (born in Sacramento, California, October 1, 1989) is an American actress. 

She played Molly in the 2012 movie version of "21 Jump Street". She also played Envy in "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World". Larson won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Ma in the 2015 movie "Room". Brie Larson is Captain Marvel.

Brie Larson has received many awards and nominations. She began acting at age eight, and followed it with minor supporting roles in various movies. Her breakthrough came with her leading performance in the 2013 coming-of-age drama film "Short Term 12", for which she was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award and a Critics' Choice Award. 

She garnered widespread acclaim for her performance as Joy "Ma" Newsome in the 2015 drama "Room", for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama, the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, and the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress.

Serene Highness

Serene Highness is a style of address used by several princely and noble families throughout present-day Europe. It has also been used historically. It ranks below Royal Highness and Imperial Highness.

is the title reserved for the princes of the sovereign princely families, currently unique the ruling families of Monaco and Liechtenstein. Some heraldists believe it is also due to the descendants of the sovereign Principality of Sperlinga, who sold the Castle but kept the title, and it is from all its members.


Spoof

Spoof, can mean several things:


Carat

Carat usually means either:



Revolver

A revolver is a type of gun. Revolvers are repeating firearms with a cylinder that spins. Revolvers have several chambers each holding one cartridge. Most are handguns, but other types of weapons also use revolving cylinders. They are also called revolving guns, though "revolver" is used far more often. The first revolvers date back to late 1500s in Europe. It was not until the 1700s or 1800s, however, they became affordable. Revolvers are sometimes used by law enforcement agencies. On some occasions, these guns can be reset by one hand, then loaded with the other.

In a single-action revolver, the hammer is manually cocked. This is usually done with the thumb. This action turns the cylinder to the next cartridge. It also locks the cylinder in place with the chamber aligned with the barrel. The trigger, when pulled, releases the hammer, which fires the round in the chamber. To fire again, the hammer must be manually cocked again. This is called "single-action" because the trigger only performs a single action—that of releasing the hammer. Because only a single action is performed and trigger pull is very light, firing a revolver in this way allows most shooters to achieve greater accuracy. Additionally, the need to cock the hammer manually acts as a safety. The gun will not fire unless the hammer is cocked back. The Colt Paterson Revolver, the Walker Colt, the Colt's Dragoon and the Colt Single Action Army pistol of the American Frontier era are all good examples of this system.

In double-action, the stroke of the trigger pull generates three actions: 
Double-action means that a cocking action separate from the trigger pull is not needed. Every trigger pull causes a complete cycle and a bullet is fired. This allows the gun to be carried uncocked. It also allows the gun to be drawn from the holster and fired using only the trigger. However, a double-action revolver has a longer and harder trigger pull. However, this drawback can also be viewed as a safety feature, as the gun is safer against accidental discharges from being dropped.

Most double-action revolvers may be fired in two ways.

Simon Baker

Simon Baker (born 30 July 1969) is an Australian actor and director. He is best known for his roles as Nicholas Fallin on "The Guardian" and Patrick Jane on "The Mentalist". Baker was born in Launceston, Tasmania. He was first raised in New Guinea and then Ballina, New South Wales. He began a career in acting in 1988.

Baker married actress Rebecca Rigg in 1998. They live together in Los Angeles, California and have three children. 

Baker was nominated for an Emmy Award for "The Mentalist" in 2009.

Nursultan Nazarbayev

Nursultan Äbishuly Nazarbayev (; born 6 July 1940) is a Kazakh politician who served as the first President of Kazakhstan from 1990 to 2019. Some opposition groups call him an "unofficial leader" and "dictator".

Nazarbayev has been the president since December 1991, when Kazakhstan became independent of the Soviet Union. He has been the country's leader since 1989. This is when he was named First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR. In April 2011, Nazarbayev was re-elected to another five-year term. 

In February 2014, he proposed renaming Kazakhstan to "Kazakh Eli". In 2006 he rewrote the words to "My Kazakhstan" which was then accepted as the country's national anthem. Shortly after his resignation as president the capital city was named after him in his honour.

Kim Il-sung Square

Kim Il-sung Square is the national square of North Korea. It is in the capital Pyongyang next to the Taedong River. The square is used for military parades and performances for national holidays. Around the square are national institutions that include stairs with chairs overlooking the square.


George Houvardas

George Houvardas (born 1982) is an Australian actor. He is best known for his role as Nick "Carbo" Karandonis on the Seven Network television program "Packed to the Rafters".

Houvardas was born in Sydney, New South Wales and is of Greek origin. He began a career in television acting in 2008. He lives in Sydney.

Loudness war

The loudness war is a negative term that describes the apparent competition to release albums that are increasingly loud. Albums that are "victims of the loudness war" have less good sound quality because the dynamic range has been compressed to make the music louder. Examples of albums that are victims of the loudness war include "Death Magnetic" by Metallica. Record producer Charles Dye started an organization called Turn Me Up! that campaigns to give musicians the choice to make albums with bigger dynamic ranges. In March 2010, mastering engineer Ian Shepherd organised the first Dynamic Range Day.

Eritherium

Eritherium is an extinct genus of early Proboscidean. It was discovered in Morocco. It was first named by Emmanuel Gheerbrant in 2009 and the type species is "Eritherium azzouzorum". Eritherium is the oldest, smallest and most primitive known elephant relative.

The phosphate bed where the remains were found places the animal's age as 61.1 to 57.8 million years ago.

"Eritherium" is the oldest known representative of the Proboscideans. It has not been assigned to any family in the order. "Eritherium" is the sister clade to "Phosphatherium", "Numidotherium" and "Moeritherium". This is one of the most complete evolutionary sequences of early mammalian radiations after the K/T extinction event. Thus, the elephants are one of the oldest "modern" mammal orders to have survived.

SummerSlam (2012)

SummerSlam (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on August 19, 2012 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the twenty-fifth yearly SummerSlam event that was held by the WWE. 


Voluntary Human Extinction Movement

The Voluntary Human Extinction Movement (VHEMT) is an environmental movement. It was started in 1991 by the American activist Les U. Knight. Knight says that the human population is too big for the Earth, so humans should choose to stop reproducing.


Cylinder (firearms)

A cylinder, in firearms terminology, is the cylindrical, rotating part of a revolver. The cylinder has multiple cartridges chambers. The cylinder revolves around a central shaft in the revolver. This is to bring each individual chamber into alignment with the barrel for firing. Each time the gun is cocked (made ready to fire), the cylinder rotates by one chamber making the pistol ready to fire again.

Cylinders typically hold six cartridges—which is why revolvers are sometimes called "six shooters". But some small frame revolvers only hold five cartridges, due to the smaller overall size of the gun. Several models of .22 rimfire caliber revolvers have cylinders holding nine or ten rounds. As a general rule, cylinders are not designed to be removed from the firearm except for cleaning. A speedloader or moon clip can be used with some revolvers for rapid reloading.

Apomixis

Apomixis is reproduction where only one parent passes genes to the offspring. Apomictically produced offspring are genetically identical to the parent (clones).

The method is most seen in plants, especially flowering plants. Brambles (blackberry) are apomictic. Some authorities give "reproduction by special tissues without fertilisation", or "asexual formation of a seed from the maternal tissues of the ovule, avoiding meiosis and fertilization, leading to embryo development".

Apomixis includes some methods which are more common in animals, such as parthenogenesis.

In botany, apomixis was defined by Hans Winkler as the replacement of the normal sexual reproduction by asexual reproduction, without fertilization.

Horticulture methods, such as propagation from cuttings or leaves, is not apomixis. "Natural replacement of the seed by an asexual method" is apomixis.

Kat Bjelland

Katherine "Kat" Lynne Bjelland (born December 9, 1963) is an American singer. She became known as the singer of the punk rock band Babes in Toyland. In 2001 the band broke up. That year Bjelland released an album as part of Katastrophy Wife. Since then Katastrophy Wife has released one more album.

Bjelland was born in Oregon. Her parents divorced when she was young. Bjelland said that her stepmother was "abusive" and that her mother beat her. When Bjelland was in second grade she was bought an acoustic guitar after she asked for one.

In 1982 Bjelland moved to Portland, Oregon. There she formed a series of bands. The Neurotics was the first. In 1981 Bjelland started Sugar Babydoll with her friend Courtney Love. Bjelland and Love made a new band called Pagan Babies around 1985. They made a demo tape of four songs. Bjelland wrote songs inspired by the punk rock band Frightwig. Love said, "you're never going to get anywhere playing that punk rock noise" and left the band. In 1986 Bjelland started The Italian Whorenuns.

In 1987 Bjelland started Babes in Toyland. The band released their first album, "Spanking Machine", in 1990. 

In 1993 Babes in Toyland performed at the Lollapalooza tour. Bjelland started a band with her husband Glenn Mattson called Crunt. In 1994 they released an album, "Crunt". In 1995 Bjelland divorced her husband and Crunt broke up. In 1999 Bjelland started Katastrophy Wife. Babes in Toyland broke up in 2001.

In 1999 Bjelland's son Henry was born.

Die Antwoord

Die Antwoord () is a South African rap duo. The main singers are Yolandi Visser and her husband Ninja.

They released their first album "$O$" in 2009. In 2012 their second album "Ten$ion" was released. Four singles were released from the album.

In 2022, Ninja and Yolandi's adopted son, Gabriel "Tokkie" du Preez, accused them of ill-treatment, sexual assault, and slavery on him and his sister Meisie in a video posted on YouTube.

List of topics considered to be pseudoscience

This is a list of topics that have been characterized as pseudoscience by some scientists and researchers. 










Paranormal or supernatural subjects have been subject to criticism from many of sources including the following claims of the paranormal:


Spiritual and religious practices and beliefs, according to astronomer Carl Sagan, are normally not classified as pseudoscience. Some of the ideas are:

Creationism is the belief that the origin of everything in the universe is the result of the Christian God. 




The following concepts have only a very small number of supporters, but have become notable:

The following are parodies of other pseudosciences:


Orizaba

Orizaba is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is 20 km west of its twin city Córdoba. It sits at the base of Pico de Orizaba, the highest peak in Mexico. It is also a volcano with a perfectly shaped snow-covered cone. The city had a 2005 census population of 117,273 and occupies almost the same area as its small municipality. The municipality includes a few small areas outside the city. It has an area of 27.97 km² (10.799 sq mi).

It was an important town during the Spanish colonization of the Americas. On January 27, 1774, the Spanish king Carlos III gave town status to Orizaba, and on November 29, 1830 Orizaba was declared a city. 

List of WWE Intercontinental Champions

This is the title history of the WWE Intercontinental Championship. The title was introduced in 1979 when Pat Patterson was awarded the championship he won a fictional tournament in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In total, there have been 75 distinct championship holders as of January 2018.
The wrestler with the most reigns as Intercontinental champion is Chris Jericho with 9. The longest reigning and current Intercontinental champion is Gunther.


Antonio Cafiero

Antonio Francisco Cafiero (September 12, 1922 – October 13, 2014) was an Argentine politician. He was the Governor of the Buenos Aires Province from 1987 through 1991. He was also its Senator from 1993 to 2005.

Cafiero was born on September 12, 1922 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He studied at the University of Buenos Aires. Cafiero died on October 13, 2014 of pneumonia in Buenos Aires, aged 92.

Lee Teng-hui

Lee Teng-hui (15 January 1923 – 30 July 2020), sometimes called the "father of Taiwan's democracy", was a politician of the Republic of China (commonly known as Taiwan). He was the President of the Republic of China and Chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT) from 1988 to 2000.

Lee died of sepsis caused by multiple organ failure in Taipei on 30 July 2020, aged 97.


Belisario Betancur

Belisario Betancur Cuartas (4 February 1923 – 7 December 2018) was an Colombian politician. He was the 26th President of Colombia from 1982 to 1986.

Betancur was born on 4 February 1923 in Amagá, Antioquia, Colombia. He studied at Pontifical Bolivarian University. Betancur died on 7 December 2018 in Bogotá from a kidney infection at the age of 95.


Reginald Palmer

Sir Reginald Oswald Palmer, GCMG, (15 February 1923 – 23 May 2016) was the Governor-General of Grenada from 6 August 1992 to 8 August 1996.

Palmer retired from public service in 1980 and entered the private sector, serving two terms as President of the Grenada Employer's Federation.

He died in May 2016 at the age of 93.

Disney Junior

Disney Junior is an American cable and satellite television network. It is part of The Walt Disney Company. It is for children between one and eight years old. It shows first-run children's television shows, movies and made-for-DVD movies. It follows Playhouse Disney, which aired from February 1, 1999 to September 1, 2013.

The name Disney Junior is also used for a morning and early afternoon program seen on the Disney Channel, branded as "Disney Junior on Disney Channel".

Programming on the Disney Junior channel includes original series and series which used to be shown on the Playhouse Disney block It also showed re-runs of former original shows like Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and Rolie Polie Olie. There included some that also air on the companion Disney Channel morning block. The network also airs short-form series as well as reruns of some older animated series. These progams had been seen on sister network ABC, CBS (made before 1996) and programs from Disney Channel and Toon Disney. These are aired by the channel by popular demand.

"Disney Junior Night Light" is the former name of Disney Junior channel's overnight programming block, running daily from 9:00 p.m. to 4:00 a.m. Eastern and Pacific Time. The block, which debuted on September 4, 2012, and is sponsored by Babble (under a similar underwriter sponsorship agreement as that regularly used by Disney Channel and Disney Junior, which both operate as commercial-free services), consists of short-form programs intended for co-viewing among parents and their children. Features seen as part of the block include "Picture This" (which presents sketches of Disney characters being drawn), "Sesh Tales" (a segment featuring costumed finger puppets with twists on traditional fairy tales) and "That's Fresh" (a segment featuring cooking tips aimed at parents, presented by celebrity chef Helen Cavallo). Additional series under development at the block's launch included a photography series, a series that follows parents through the day their new baby comes home after being born, and a show about stay-at-home dads. Since 2017, Disney Junior's overnight programming has run unbranded and without the "Night Light" continuity. As of November 1, 2021, Disney Junior Night Light is still used for interstitials and sign-off due to the handover of Disney Mom. (which was used in November 2021)


Ioannis Grivas

Ioannis Grivas (; 23 February 1923 – 27 November 2016) was a Greek judge and politician. Grivas was the 87th Prime Minister of Greece. He served as a non-party interim Prime Minister.

Grivas was born in Kato Tithorea, Tithorea, Phthiotis in the region of Lokris. He studied at the University of Athens. Grivas died on 27 November 2016 in Athens, aged 93.

Rafael Addiego Bruno

Rafael Addiego Bruno (February 23, 1923 – February 20, 2014) was a Uruguayan jurist and political figure. He was President of Uruguay from February to March 1985.


César Gaviria

César Augusto Gaviria Trujillo (; born 31 March 1947) is a Colombian economist and politician. He was the 28th President of Colombia from 1990 to 1994 under the Colombian Liberal Party.

Gaviria was born on 31 March 1947 in Pereira, Risaralda. He studied at the University of the Andes until 1969.


Aziz Ansari

Aziz Ansari (born February 23, 1983) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Tom Haverford on the NBC television program "Parks and Recreation". He is also a movie actor, appearing in "Funny People" (2009), "I Love You, Man" (2009), "Observe and Report" (2009), and "30 Minutes or Less" (2011).

Ansari was born in Columbia, South Carolina. He is the son of an Indian Tamil Muslim family. He started acting after graduating from the New York University in 2004. He lives in Los Angeles, California and is an atheist.

Georgina Henry

Georgina Clare Henry (8 June 1960 – 7 February 2014) was a British journalist. She worked with "The Guardian". She held several senior positions at the newspaper.

Henry was born in Aden, Yemen (then a British colony) on 8 June 1960. Henry was educated at Cranbrook School, Kent and King's College London where she read history. At King's College she met Ronan Bennett, subsequently a writer, who became her life-long partner.

Henry died on 7 February 2014 in London, England from eye cancer, aged 53.

Marty Plissner

Martin Plissner (1926 – February 6, 2014) was an American political commentator. He worked for CBS News from 1964 until his retirement in 1996. He first began his job during the United States presidential election, 1964 during Robert F. Kennedy's campaign. He was known for first using the phrase "too close to call".

Plissner was born in 1926 in Brooklyn, New York City. He studied at Yale University. Plissner served in the United States Navy during World War II. He was married to Susan Morrison until his death. They had two daughters. He had one son from a last marriage. Plissner lived in Washington, D.C..

Plissner died on February 6, 2014 in Washington, D.C. from lung cancer, aged 87.


Evonne Goolagong

Evonne Goolagong-Cawley, AO, MBE (born 31 July 1951) is an Australian tennis player. She was one of the world's most successful players in the 1970s and early 1980s. She ranked No. 1 in the world in 1976.

Goolagong won 14 Grand Slam titles. She won the women's title in singles tennis four times at the Australian Open, twice at the Wimbledon Championships, and once at the French Open. The other Grand Slam titles she won were in doubles tennis: six in women's doubles and one in mixed doubles.

Evonne Fay Goolagong was born in Griffith, New South Wales. She and her family are Aboriginal Australians. They belong to the Wiradjuri nation. Evonne was the third of eight children. She grew up in the small farming town of Barellan. Her father, Kenneth Goolagong, was a sheep shearer. Her family was poor. At this time, many Aboriginal people around Australia faced discrimination; they were treated differently by White Australians. However, Goolagong has said that she did not experience discrimination whilst living at Barellan.

She started playing tennis when she was a young girl. A began when Bill Kurtzman, a player at Barellan, saw Goolagong looking through the fence of the local tennis courts. He asked her if she would like to try playing. She joined the local tennis club when she was seven years old. She quickly showed a talent for the game. She was fast and had quick reflexes. She played in competitions with neighbouring towns. In 1961, Vic Edwards, the owner of a tennis school in Sydney, travelled to Barellan to watch Goolagong play. She was eleven years old at the time.

Edwards coached Goolagong and encouraged her to play tennis as a career. She left Barellan and moved to Sydney permanently in 1965, when she was aged 14. She lived with Edwards' family in their home. She went to Willoughby Girls High School, finishing in 1968. She entered the New South Wales Championship in 1967. She played in the Australian women's singles championship in January 1968. By this time she was ranked as the best junior player in New South Wales. Goolagong would later win the Australian championship four times; in 1974, 1975, 1976 and 1977. She came second place in 1971, 1972 and 1973.

Goolagong won seven Grand Slam singles titles in her career. She played in eighteen Grand Slam singles finals; all except one of these were during the 1970s. Between 1971 and 1977, she reached the final of almost every Grand Slam singles event she entered.

She competed at Wimbledon for the first time in 1970. She won her first Grand Slam singles title in 1971, beating Helen Gourlay to win the French Open. A month later, she beat Margaret Court to win the Wimbledon Championship. The next year, she lost in the Wimbledon final to Billie Jean King. She lost to King again in the semi-final in 1973, and a third time in the final in 1975. She lost to Chris Evert in the final in 1976. She won the Wimbledon title for the second time in 1980, playing against Evert again in the final. Goolagong had given birth to her daughter in 1977. She became the first and only mother to win since Dorothea Douglass-Chambers 66 years before.

Goolagong reached four U.S. Open finals; in 1973, 1974, 1975 and 1976. She lost them all: to Court, King, then twice to Evert. She is the only woman in the U.S. Open to have lost four finals one after the other. Goolagong made seven finals at the Australian Open, each one after the other. She won four times in a row. After having won her first French Open in 1971, Goolagong stopped competing in the tournament after 1973. She returned in 1983, and this was the last Gland Slam singles tournament she competed in. She lost to Evert.

Goolagong won six women's doubles titles. She won five at the Australian Open (in 1971, 1974, 1975, 1976 and 1977), and one at Wimbledon (1974). She also won the mixed doubles title at the French Open in 1972.

Goolagong was ranked number one in the world for two weeks in 1976. However, it was not reported at the time because incomplete data were used to calculate the rankings. This was discovered in December 2007, 31 years later. She was the 16th woman to hold the top position.

Goolagong was awarded Australian of the Year in 1971. She was made an Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1972, and an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in 1982. She was entered into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985. She was made a part of the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1988.

The National Museum of Australia holds a collection of items to remember Goolagong's career. This includes her 1971 and 1980 Wimbledon singles trophies, the trophy from her 1974 doubles win, and two racquets used in these tournaments.

Goolagong married British tennis player Roger Cawley on 19 June 1975. After their wedding, the couple settled in Naples, Florida. They lived in the U.S. for eight years. They now live in Noosa Heads, in Queensland. They have two children: Kelly and Morgan.

Goolagong played a total of 869 singles matches. Of these, she won 704 (81.01%). In Grand Slam singles tournaments, she won 82.09% of her matches (133 wins, 29 losses).





Kal Penn

Kal Penn (born Kalpen Suresh Modi; April 23, 1977) is an American actor, producer, and civil servant. He is best known for his role as Lawrence Kutner on the Fox television program "House". He is also well known for appearing in the movies "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" (2004), "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay" (2008), and "A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas" (2011).

Penn was born in Montclair, New Jersey. He is the son of an Indian family. He started acting after graduating from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1998. He lives in Los Angeles, California.

Penn was the Associate Director in the White House Office of Public Engagement for Barack Obama from 2009 through 2011.

Armie Hammer

Armand Douglas "Armie" Hammer (born August 28, 1986) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in movies, including "The Social Network", "The Lone Ranger" and "Cars 3".

Hammer was born in Los Angeles. He is of Russian-Jewish, Danish, Swiss, Greek, Poland, Russian, English, Scottish, Scots-Irish and Cherokee origin. He took courses while at the University of California, Los Angeles. In a 2008 interview, Hammer stated, regarding his religious beliefs, "I have my own spiritual life, and I value it very much".

Hammer married television personality Elizabeth Chambers in May 2010. Their wedding was featured in the January 2011 issue of Town & Country. They were introduced by Hammer's friend, artist Tyler Ramsey. They have two children, including a daughter Harper (born 2014) and a son Ford (born 2017).

In January 2021, text messages which were said to be Hammer were shared by an anonymous person on Instagram. In the messages, the person talks about different sexual fetishes they have. Hammer denied it was him. A woman said that Hammer had raped her in April 2017. Hammer has denied these as well. Hammer's legal team said she is lying. The woman was later dropped by her attorney Gloria Allred for not signing a perjury declaration.

The accusations affected his career and led him either dropping out of or being dropped from many movies. The Los Angeles District Attorney and LAPD said that Hammer won't be charged.

Amber Coffman

Amber Dawn Coffman (born June 15, 1984 in Austin, Texas) is an American singer and guitarist. Between 2005 and 2007, she was member of instrumental band Sleeping People. In 2007, she joined Dirty Projectors and released three studio albums with this band. She also worked together with Rusko ("Hold On"), J. Cole ("She Knows"), Major Lazer ("Get Free") and Snoop Lion ("No Regrets"). Since 2013 she has worked on her first solo album. Her debut solo album "City of No Reply" was released in June 2017.

Tuusula

Tuusula is a town in Finland. It is in the province of Southern Finland and is part of the Uusimaa. Neighbouring municipalities are Vantaa, Nurmijärvi, Hyvinkää, Sipoo, Järvenpää and Kerava.


Norman Schwarzkopf Jr.

Herbert Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr. (; August 22, 1934 – December 27, 2012), better known as Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr., was a United States Army general who was the commander of the U.S. Central Command and the coalition forces in the Gulf War.

He was born in Trenton, New Jersey, the son of Ruth Alice (née Bowman) and Norman Schwarzkopf, Sr., both Americans of German origin. Schwarzkopf died from pneumonia on December 27, 2012, aged 78, in Tampa, Florida.

Kivijärvi

Kivijärvi is a municipality in Central Finland. The municipalities next to it are Kannonkoski, Karstula, Kannonkoski, Kinnula, Kyyjärvi, Perho and Viitasaari.

Kirkonkylä, Tiironkylä, Heitjärvi, Penttilänkylä, Sompala, Lahdenperä, Risuperä, Hoikanperä, Puralankylä, Talviaislahti and Lokakylä.


Ii, Finland

Ii is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. The municipalities next to it are Oulu, Pudasjärvi, Ranua and Simo.

In 1749, there were 2378 people living in Ii.

Ii was merged with Kuivaniemi in 2007.


Uusimaa

Uusimaa (or "Uudenmaan maakunta") is a region in southern Finland. It is located next to Gulf of Finland. Neighbouring regions are Southwest Finland, Kanta-Häme, Päijänne Tavastia and Kymenlaakso.

The historical province of Uusimaa covered a larger area than modern Uusimaa.

A very large number of people in Finland live in Uusimaa. As of 31 November 2013, there were over 1,500,000. Uusimaa is only 3% of the total area of Finland.

The ground is bedrock, granite and gneiss.


Pirkanmaa

Pirkanmaa is a region in western Finland. As of 2013 population was about 500,000. Neighbouring regions are: Southwest Finland, Satakunta, Kanta-Häme, Päijänne Tavastia, Southern Ostrobothnia and Central Finland



Martha Chase

Martha Cowles Chase (November 30, 1927 – August 8, 2003), also known as Martha C. Epstein, was an American geneticist known for having experimentally showed in 1952 (with Alfred Hershey) that DNA rather than protein is the genetic material of life.

Chase was born in 1927 in Cleveland, Ohio. In 1950 she received her bachelor's degree from the College of Wooster. In 1964 Chase received her PhD from the University of Southern California.

In 1952 Chase was a young laboratory assistant to American bacteriophage expert Alfred Hershey at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory at the Carnegie Institution for Science. This was where the well-known Hershey-Chase experiment was performed. The experiment , otherwise known as the 'blender experiment' showed that it was DNA, and not protein, that was the genetic material through which traits were inherited.

A series of personal setbacks through the 1960s ended Chase's career in science. She spent decades suffering from a form of dementia that affected her short-term memory. She died of pneumonia on August 8, 2003, at the age of 75.



John Enderby

Sir John Edwin Enderby (16 January 1931 – 3 August 2021) was a British physicist. From 1976 to 1996 he was professor of physics at the University of Bristol. From 2004-2006 he was the president of the Institute of Physics. In 2004 he received a knighthood for services to science.

Enderby died on 3 August 2021, aged 90.

2014 Football League Cup Final

The 2014 Football League Cup Final was a football match. It took place on 2 March 2014 at Wembley Stadium, London. It was the last match of the 2013–14 Football League Cup.

The final was played between Premier League clubs, Manchester City and Sunderland. This was Manchester City's fourth League Cup final. It was their sixth Wembley visit since 2011. This was Sunderland's second League Cup final. It was their first visit to Wembley since 1998.

Kemijärvi

Kemijärvi is a city in Lapland in northestern Finland. The municipalities next to it are Pelkosenniemi, Salla, Posio and Rovaniemi.
Lake Kemijärvi is in Kemijärvi.


Salla

Salla, (name was "Kuolajärvi" to 1936) is a municipality in Finnish Lapland, Finland. The municipalities next to it are Kemijärvi, Kuusamo, Pelkosenniemi, Posio and Savukoski. Oulanka National Park is in the areas of Salla and Kuusamo. 

Aatsinki, Aholanvaara, Ahvenselkä, Hautajärvi, Hietajärvi, Hirvasvaara, Isohalme, Kallunki, Kelloselkä, (Märkäjärvi), Kotala, Koutelo, Kursu, Käsmä, Naruska, Niemelä, Oulanka, Onkamo, Pahkakumpu, Paloperä, Saija, Salmivaara, Selkälä, Tuohikylä, Vallovaara, Varvikko, Vittikko.


Saarijärvi

Saarijärvi is a city in central Finland. The municipalities next to it are Kannonkoski, Karstula, Multia, Soini, Uurainen, Ähtäri and Äänekoski.

Saarijärvi has been city since 1986. However, there have been people living here for 6,000 years. In 1749, "Vanha Saarijärvi" had populatoin of 1,380. Its population was the largest in 1870 when there were 14,000 living there.

The neighboring municipality of Pylkönmäki was merged with Saarijärvi in 2009.

Tilastokeskus reference, Finnish


Ähtäri

Ähtäri is a city in Finland. Nearby municipalities are Alajärvi, Alavus, Keuruu, Multia, Saarijärvi, Soini and Virrat.

Division of Riverina-Darling

The Division of Riverina-Darling was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1984. It was abolished in 1993. It was named for the region of Riverina and the Darling River. It was located in the towns of Broken Hill, Griffith, Hay and Narrandera. The Division of Watson (1934–69) replaced it when it was abolished.

Gomphotherium

Gomphotherium is an extinct genus of proboscid which evolved in the lower Miocene of North America. It survived from 13.651.7 million years ago (mya).

They spread to Asia, Europe and Africa after a drop in sea level allowed them to cross over. It survived into the Pliocene, and its remains have been found in Chile, china, France, Germany, Austria, Kansas, Tennessee, Pakistan, Kenya and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"Gomphotherium" stood around high with an estimated weight of 4-5 tons, and looked similar to a modern elephant. However, it had four tusks; two on the upper jaw and two on the long lower jaw. "Gomphotherium" lived in dry wooded regions near lakes.

The lower tusks are parallel and shaped like a shovel. They may have been used to dig up food from mud. These animals probably lived in swamps or near lakes, using their tusks to dig or scrape up aquatic vegetation. 

However, wear patterns on the teeth of its relative "Platybelodon" suggest that it used its lower tusks to strip bark from trees, and may have used the sharp incisors that formed the edge of the "shovel" more like a modern-day scythe, grasping branches with its trunk and rubbing them against the lower teeth to cut it from a tree.

Unlike modern elephants, the upper tusks were covered by a layer of enamel. Compared to elephants, the skull was more elongated and low, indicating that the animal had a short trunk, rather like a tapir's. In comparison to earlier proboscids, "Gomphotherium" had fewer molars; the remaining ones had high ridges to expand their grinding surface.

Kanta-Häme

Kanta-Häme is a region in Finland. Kanta-Häme has many features that are similar to the Finnish Lakelands. Neighbouring regions are Uusimaa, Päijänne Tavastia, Pirkanmaa and Southwest Finland.

Torronsuo National Park and Liesjärvi National Park are both located in Kanta-Häme, near Tammela.

Cities marked bold:



Cindy Birdsong

Cynthia Ann "Cindy" Birdsong (born December 15, 1939) is an American singer, most famous for singing with the legendary soul groups The Supremes and Patti LaBelle & the Bluebelles.

Arke (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Arke is the daughter of Thaumas. Her sister is Iris, the rainbow goddess. Arke and her sister Iris had wings and were the of the Olympian gods. When the gods were fighting the Titans, Arke betrayed the gods and joined the Titans against them. When the Olympians won, Zeus took Arke's wings and cast her into Tartarus. Arke's wings were later given to Thetis as a gift on her wedding day. Thetis later gave them to her son Achilles. She tied them to his ankles. which is where his surname Podarces (literally "swift-footed") came from.

Tammela, Finland

Tammela is a municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. The municipalities next to it are Forssa, Hämeenlinna, Jokioinen, Karkkila, Lohja, Loppi, Somero and Urjala.

Torronsuo National Park and Liesjärvi National Park are both located in Tammela.


Hausjärvi

Hausjärvi is a municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. The municipalities next to it are Hyvinkää, Hämeenlinna, Hämeenkoski, Janakkala, Kärkölä, Mäntsälä and Riihimäki.


Itä-Häme

Itä-Häme is the eastern part of the historical province Tavastia in Finland.

Municipalities in this area are: Heinola, Hartola, Sysmä, Joutsa, Luhanka and Pertunmaa.


Atlanta Rhythm Section

The Atlanta Rhythm Section (or ARS) was an American southern rock and popular music group. ARS was formed from 1970–74. The members originally were from Doraville, northeast of Atlanta, Georgia. Their hit songs include "So into You", "Champagne Jam" and "Neon Nites".

Several people within this music band have died throughout the years. Robert L. Nix died May 20, 2012 because of diabetes and multiple myeloma at age 67. The group split up shortly after 1981. They reunited from time to time to do tours.


Colman, South Dakota

Colman is a city in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Moody County, and 634 people lived there at the 2020 census. Colman was founded in 1880. It is also known as Sankey.

Twista

Carl Terrell Mitchell (born November 27, 1973), better known as Twista (formerly Tung Twista), is an American rapper and record producer. He released his first album (under Tung Twista), "Runnin' Off at da Mouth", in 1992. In the same year, he was named the world's fastest rapper in the Guinness Book of World Records. He was dropped by the recording label Loud Records after his first album did not sell well. Twista released an his second album "Resurrection", also under Tung Twista. "Resurrection" shares its name with fellow Chicago rapper Common's second album. In 1996, he collaborated with fellow Chicago hip hop group Do or Die on the track "Po Pimp". Twista then dropped the word "Tung" from his stage name after the release he signed with Atlantic Records which released third album "Adrenaline Rush" in 1997. He had his first number one single, "Slow Jamz", in 2003. "Slow Jamz" was from Twista's fourth album, "Kamikaze". The single was also featured on fellow Chicago rapper Kanye West's first album "The College Dropout".

Division of Dickson

The Division of Dickson is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland, Australia. It was set up in 1992 and is named after Sir James Dickson, a supporter of the Australian Federation, the Premier of Queensland and Minister for Defence in the first Australian government. It covers the outer north-western suburbs of Brisbane, including Albany Creek, Arana Hills, Bray Park, Brendale, Cashmere, Dayboro, Eatons Hill, Everton Hills, Ferny Hills, Joyner, Kallangur, Lawnton, Mount Glorious, Mount Nebo, Petrie, Samford Valley, Strathpine and Warner.

There was an unusual circumstance at the 1993 election. One of the candidates, an independent, died very shortly before the election. Because of this another election had to be called for the division a month later than the general election. The Labor Party won the election, and Prime Minister Paul Keating selected his new ministers on 27 March. He did not include an Attorney-General, keeping the position open for Michael Lavarch. Lavarch won the division, and was appointed to the ministry on 27 April.

Michael Lavarch had previously had been member for the Division of Fisher. He was Attorney-General in the Keating Government. Tony Smith did not receive Liberal Party support for the upcoming 1998 election, and so become an independent. Cheryl Kernot had been a member of the Australian Senate and leader of the Australian Democrats. She resigned, joined the Labor Party and won the division in 1998. Peter Dutton was a minister in the Howard Government and Minister for Health and Minister for Sport in the Abbott Government.


Shlomo Argov

Shlomo Argov, Hebrew: שלמה ארגוב , (December 14, 1929 – February 23, 2003) was a well-known Israeli diplomat. He was the Israeli ambassador to the United Kingdom. On 3 June, 1982 three Palestinians tried to kill Shlomo Argov. This was a cause of the 1982 Lebanon War.

Argov was born in Jerusalem in 1929. His family had lived in Jerusalem for seven generations. As a teenager, he joined the Palmach, the elite force of the Haganah. During the 1947-1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine, he was wounded in the Battle of Safed. When Israel was established and the 1948 Arab-Israeli War began, Argov joined the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).

In 1950, he completed his and went to the United States to study. In 1952 he received a Bachelor of Arts in political science from Georgetown University. While studying, he worked part-time at the Israeli Embassy. In this time he met his future wife Hava. Afterwards, he went to study in the United Kingdom. In 1955 he received a Master of Arts in international relations from the London School of Economics.

Argov had three children with his wife Hava: son Gideon and daughters Yehudit and Edna. Hava died in May 2002.

On 3 June 1982, three men, Hussein Ghassan Said, Marwan al-Banna, and Nawaf al-Rosan came close to Argov when he got into his car after a party at the Dorchester Hotel, in Park Lane, London. There is another report that says that four men were coming close to Shlomo Argov. Said shot Argov in the head. Argov was not killed, but he was badly injured. He was taken to the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery very rapidly, and he was taken to a specialist unit and the surgeons did an emergency on him . He remained in a coma for three months. Argov was the second of two Israeli diplomats who were attacked in just a month. This was given as the reason for Israel attacking Lebanon in 1982.

Argov recovered from his coma and was returned to Israel. There, he was placed in Hadassah Hospital in Jerusalem as a permanent patient. Though he could not move, he could clearly understand what was going on around him.

Argov died at Hadassah Hospital in 2003 aged 73 from the injuries in the attack. He had been paralysed and was placed in permanent hospital care for 21 years.

TR-069

TR-069 is a protocol that is mainly used for the communication with end-user devices, such as DSL modems. The number of such devices is rising steadily, and they are often very difficult to configure. For that reason, TR-069 allows to configure these modems remotely. This also poses problems, because it allows to change the configuration the managed device as well as other devices, which may be behind a firewall. Since the users are not aware of the configuration changes, TR-069 can be used to introduce a backdoor. This backdoor might allow a "remote search" by police or legal authorities of a country.



Backdoor (computing)

In computing, a backdoor is a way of bypassing security mechanisms to gain access to a resource that is otherwise secured. Backdoors give illegal access to an otherwise secured resource. A common example for a backdoor is the existence of "default" passwords which can be used to access the BIOS of a computer. Very often, special programs that run on a computer provide the functionality of a backdoor.

Manoel de Oliveira

Manoel Cândido Pinto de Oliveira (; 11 December 1908 – 2 April 2015) was a Portuguese director and screenwriter. At the age of 106, he is thought to be the second oldest movie director, just behind George Abbott at 107.

Manoel de Oliveira was born in Cedofeita, Porto and was raised as a Roman Catholic. He began making movies in 1927.

Oliveira married Maria Carvalhais on 4 December 1940. They have four children together that were all born in the 1940s. When he was younger, Oliveira competed as a race car driver.

He was also an athlete competing in the pole vault event.

de Oliveira died on 2 April 2015 in Porto from heart failure, aged 106.

Alison Brie

Alison Brie Schermerhorn (born December 29, 1982), better known by her stage name Alison Brie, is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Annie Edison on the NBC sitcom "Community" and Trudy Campbell on the AMC drama "Mad Men". She has also been in movies such as "Scream 4" (2011), "The Five-Year Engagement" (2012), and as Uni-Kitty in "The Lego Movie" (2014) and "" (2019).

Brie was born in Hollywood, California. Her mother is Jewish and her father is of Dutch, Irish, and Scottish origin. She started acting in 2004 at the Jewish Community Center in Southern California. She lives in Los Angeles. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from the California Institute of the Arts in 2005. Before she was a movie actress, Brie worked as a clown at birthday parties. She also performed in theater in California. Brie also studied at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Scotland.

Avivore

An avivore is an animal that mostly preys on and eats birds. Birds that eats other birds, such as hawks, eagles, and falcons, are called avian avivores.


Nicholas Winton

Sir Nicholas George Winton (born Nicholas George Wertheim; 19 May 1909 – 1 July 2015) was a British humanitarian. He is best known for his role in the rescue of 669 mostly Jewish children from German-occupied Czechoslovakia before World War II. This event became known as the Czech Kindertransport. He was also known as the "British Schindler".

Winton was born in Hampstead, London, England. His parents were German Jews. The family later became Christians and Winton was baptised. In 1923, he began studying at Stowe School. He married Grete Gjelstrup, a woman of Danish origin, in 1948. They were married until Gjelstrup's death in 1999. They had three children together, Nicholas, Barbara and Robin.

Winton died from respiratory failure on 1 July 2015 in Slough, Berkshire, aged 106.

Egan, South Dakota

Egan is a city in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Moody County, and 241 people lived there at the 2020 census. Egan became a city in 1881.

Trent, South Dakota

Trent is a town in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Moody County, and 206 people lived there at the 2020 census. Trent became a city in 1884.

Ward, South Dakota

Ward is a town in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Moody County, and 34 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Maicon (footballer, born May 1988)

Maicon Pereira de Oliveira (8 May 1988 – 8 February 2014) commonly known as Maicon, was a Brazilian footballer. He played for the Ukrainian club Illichivets on loan from Shakhtar Donetsk. He operated as a striker.

Maicon died in a car accident in Donetsk on 8 February 2014, aged 25.

Jomo Kenyatta

Jomo Kenyatta (20 October 1893 – 22 August 1978) was a Kenyan politician. He was the leader of Kenya from independence in 1963 to his death in 1978. He served first as Prime Minister (1963–64) and then as President (1964–78). He is considered the founding father of the Kenyan nation.

As President, Kenyatta was against socialism and worked with the United Kingdom and the United States in the Cold War. He also was criticized within Kenya for corruption. He suffered a heart attack in 1966, and eventually died on 22 August 1978 from complications of a stroke, aged 83–84. His son Uhuru Kenyatta is the former president of the country.


World history

World history may mean:


Daniel arap Moi

Daniel Toroitich arap Moi (2 September 1924 – 4 February 2020) was a Kenyan politician. He served as the 2nd President of Kenya from 1978 to 2002. He also served as the country's 3rd Vice President from 1967 to 1978.

Moi was popularly known to Kenyans as "Nyayo", a Swahili word for "footsteps". He earned this name because they thought he was following the footsteps of the first President. 

Moi was also famous for his dedication into giving children Milk at school and Kenyans Definetly liked , Named after schools too.

Moi was born in Kurieng'wo village, Sacho division, Baringo County on 2 September 1924.

Moi died at a Nairobi hospital on 4 February 2020 at the age of 95. He had Alzheimer's disease and was recently hospitalized for multiple organ failure.


Sean Edwards

Sean Lawrence Guy Edwards (6 December 1986 – 15 October 2013) was an English racing driver. He was best known for winning the 24 Hours Nürburgring in May 2013 as a co-driver.

Edwards was born in London on 6 December 1986 and was of Irish and Welsh origin. His father was racing driver Guy Edwards. He studied at both Wellington College and Cherwell College in Oxford. At the time of his death, he lived in Monte Carlo, Monaco with his girlfriend, Laura.

Sean Edwards was killed in a crash during a private session on 15 October 2013, aged 26, at the Queensland Raceway in Willowbank, Queensland, Australia. He was outlived by his girlfriend and his family. The Sean Edwards Foundation, a foundation that aims to grow circuit safety, was set up after his death.


Uhuru Kenyatta

Uhuru Muigai Kenyatta (born 26 October 1961) is a Kenyan politician. He was the fourth President of Kenya from 2013 to 2022. He was the son of Jomo Kenyatta, the first president.

Before he was President, Kenyatta was Deputy Prime Minister from 2008 to 2013. Before that, he was the Member of Parliament for Gatundu South Constituency beginning in 2002. Kenyatta was also Chairman of Kenya African National Union (KANU), which was a part of the Party of National Unity (PNU).

In October 2021, he was cited in the pandora papers scandal.


President of Kenya

The President of the Republic of Kenya () is the head of state and head of government of Kenya. The president leads the executive branch of the Government of Kenya. The president is the commander-in-chief of the Kenya Defence Forces. The first president of Kenya was Jomo Kenyatta. Now the president is William Ruto.

Under the 1964 Constitutional Amendment establishing the Republic of Kenya, the President replaced the Monarch as head of state and the Prime Minister as chief executive. The President was initially elected by the House of Representatives of Kenya, and, after the merger of the House of Representatives and Senate into a unicameral National Assembly, by the National Assembly, for a five-year term. In the event of a vacancy the Vice-President would have served as Acting President for 90 days until new elections were held.

Following the enactment of the 1969 Constitution of Kenya, the system of election by the National Assembly was replaced by direct elections under a first-past-the-post system, yet true separation of powers was still not established; The President had to also be elected as an MP and he had to appoint his Ministers from among MPs, the President was still able to dissolve the National Assembly, and the Assembly was still able to declare no confidence in the ministers. Not only that, but until the first multiparty elections in 1992, only one candidate - that of the Kenya African National Union - was nominated and automatically declared winner of the elections without voting actually being held.

With the enactment of the 2010 Constitution, Kenya's current, the first-past-the-post system was replaced in presidential elections in favor of a two-round system, the post of Vice-President was renamed Deputy President and was made to automatically succeed to the Presidency in case of a vacancy for the remainder of the term in a full, not merely acting, capacity, and the requirement of the President, DP, and ministers to also be MPs was abolished, finally establishing separation of powers between the executive and legislature.

KANU 
NARC
PNU
Jubilee
UDA

Raila Odinga

Raila Amolo Odinga (born 7 January 1945) also popularly known to his supporters as Agwambo, is a Kenyan politician. He was the last Prime Minister of Kenya. He was elected in 2008. He was leading to a coalition government from 2008 to 2013. He was the last prime minister of Kenya until the position was abolished in 2013.

Raila Odinga was born at Maseno Church Missionary Society Hospital, in Maseno, Kisumu District, Nyanza Province on 7 January 1945.

Odinga has unsuccessfully ran for President of Kenya five times, most recently in the 2022 election.


Mykola Azarov

Mykola Yanovych Azarov (; Russian: Никола́й Я́нович Азaров, "Nikolay Yanovich Azarov"; né Pakhlo; Cyrillic: Пахло; born 17 December 1947) is a Ukrainian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Ukraine from 11 March 2010 to 27 January 2014. He was the First Vice Prime Minister and Finance Minister from 2002 to 2005 and again from 2006 to 2007.

Azarov was born in Kaluga on 17 December 1947 in the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, to a mixed Estonian-Russian family.


María de Villota

María de Villota Comba (13 January 1980 – 11 October 2013) was a Spanish racing driver.

María de Villota was born in Madrid on 13 January 1980. She was the daughter of former Formula One driver Emilio de Villota. She was also the sister of Emilio de Villota, Jr., who also competed in Formula Palmer Audi. Before her death, de Villota was recovering from serious injuries on her head and face. These was caused by a straight-line testing accident at the Duxford Aerodrome in Duxford, Cambridgeshire, England on 3 July 2012. She married Rodrigo García Millán, a personal trainer and owner of Oxigeno Training, on 28 July 2013 in Seville. They got married less than three months before her death.

María de Villota died from a heart failure on 11 October 2013. She died in a hotel room in Seville, at the age of 33. Her death was said to have been caused by the accident she had in 2012. She was outlived by her husband and her family.

G. Spencer-Brown

George Spencer-Brown (2 April 1923 – 25 August 2016) was an English polymath. He was best known as the author of "Laws of Form". He described himself as a "mathematician, consulting engineer, psychologist, educational consultant and practitioner, consulting psychotherapist, author, and poet."


Henry W. Bloch

Henry Wollman Bloch (July 30, 1922 – April 23, 2019) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the co-founder and (since 2000) the chairman of the American tax-preparation company H&R Block. Henry and his brother, Richard Bloch, founded H&R Block in 1955 in Kansas City, Missouri.

Jim Rogers

James Beeland "Jim" Rogers, Jr. (born October 19, 1942) is an American businessman, investor and author. Rogers is the Chairman of Rogers Holdings and Beeland Interests, Inc. He was the co-founder of the Quantum Fund and creator of the Rogers International Commodities Index (RICI).


Dado Cavalcanti

Luis Eduardo Barros Cavalcanti, or simply Dado Cavalcanti (born July 9, 1981 in Arcoverde) is a Brazilian football manager.







Richard Bloch

Richard Adolf Bloch (February 15, 1926 – July 21, 2004) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. He is best known for starting the H&R Block tax preparation and personal finance company with his older brother Henry in 1955. His personal experience with cancer led him to invest in helping others fight and overcome the disease.

Bloch died of heart failure on July 21, 2004 at the age of 78. He was survived by his wife, Annette, daughters Linda Lyon, Barbara Stanny and Nancy Linsely and ten grandchildren.



John Eleuthère du Pont

John Eleuthère du Pont (22 November 1938 – 9 December 2010) was an American convicted murderer. He was a multimillionaire and member of the prominent du Pont family.

John E. du Pont was born on 22 November 1938 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His parents were businessman William du Pont, Jr. and to Jean Liseter Autin. He studied at Haverford School, at the University of Miami, and at Villanova University.

He was an ornithologist and conchologist, publishing several books on birds; a philatelist, coach, and sports enthusiast. As a philanthropist, he founded and directed the Delaware Museum of Natural History, which opened in 1972. He also contributed to Villanova University and other institutions.

On 26 January 1996, du Pont was seen shooting Dave Schultz dead in the driveway of Schultz's home on du Pont's estate. Schultz's wife Nancy and du Pont's head of security were present and witnessed the crime. The security chief was sitting in the passenger seat of du Pont's car when du Pont fired three bullets into Schultz. Police did not establish a motive. Schultz was a longtime friend of du Pont who had repeatedly tried to help him, but shot him after he reportedly said Schultz did not like du Pont.

John E. du Pont married Gale Wenk in 1983. They annulled their marriage ninety days later.

John E. du Pont died on 9 December 2010 in Somerset, Pennsylvania from COPD, aged 72. Du Pont was buried in his red Foxcatcher wrestling singlet, in accordance with his will.

J. E. du Pont is portrayed by Steve Carell in the 2014 movie "Foxcatcher".


Base (geometry)

In plane geometry, the base is the side on which a polygon rests on, and which is used as a referenced side for other measurements. The base of a triangle or quadrilateral is often written as formula_1. It is used in the calculation of the area of a triangle and parallelogram.

Many geometric shapes of more than two dimensions are constructed by using regular two-dimensional shapes. For example, a tetrahedron is constructed with four triangles, and a cube with six squares. In that context, the shape that is used for construction is called base. The triangle is the base of the tetrahedron, and the square is the base of the cube.

However, there are also geometric figures that are constructed using different shapes. A pyramid, for example. uses one rectangle and four triangles. In that context, the rectangle is said to be the base of the shape. A cylinder uses a circle or an ellipse as a base. 


Satya Nadella

Satya Narayana Nadella (; born August 19, 1967) is an Indian-American businessman. Since 4 February 2014, he has been the chief executive officer (CEO) of Microsoft.

Satya was born in Bukkapuram, Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh to a Telugu family. After moving to the United States, he earned an Master of Science in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. He married Anupama in 1992 and they live together with their three children in Bellevue, Washington.


Heinävesi

Heinävesi is a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. It had almost 3,710 living there in August 2013. The municipalities next to it are Savonlinna, Varkaus, Leppävirta, Tuusniemi, Outokumpu and Liperi.

The most notable lakes in the area are Kermajärvi and Juojärvi. Both are very clean and bright.


Tuusniemi

Tuusniemi is a municipality in Finland. More than 2,800 people lived there in August 2013. The municipalities next to it are Heinävesi, Juankoski, Kaavi, Kuopio, Leppävirta and Outokumpu.

Between 1904 and 1975 there was an asbestos mine in Paakkila village. It was closed because workers died earlier than others.


History of technology

The history of technology is the history of the invention of tools and techniques, and is similar in many ways to the history of humanity. 

People make new things and, conversely, many scientific endeavors are possible through technologies. Technology lets us travel to places we could not otherwise go, and probe the nature of the universe in more detail than our natural senses allow.

Technological artifacts are products of an economy, a force for economic growth, and a large part of everyday life. Technological innovations affect, and are affected by, a society's cultural traditions. They also are a means to develop and project military power.

What are the great technologies?

Ii

II (or ii) is the Roman numeral for two.

II, Ii or ii can also refer to:


Aidos

Aidos () was the Greek goddess of shame, modesty and humility. She was a close friend of the goddess Nemesis. One source calls her the daughter of Prometheus.

Aidos is often considered to be more of a personification than a physical goddess. She was said to be the feeling of reverence that stops men from doing bad things. She was also said to be a feeling of shame that a rich person might get when they saw poor people.

She is spoken about in some early Greek plays, such as "Prometheus Bound" by Aeschylus, "Iphigenia at Aulis" by Euripides, and "Oedipus Rex" by Sophocles.

There were altars to Aidos in Athens and in Lacedaemon. 


I Believe I Can Fly

"I Believe I Can Fly" is a song by R&B singer R. Kelly. It was originally released on November 26, 1996. It was also featured on the soundtrack to the movie "Space Jam" in 1996. It later appeared in Kelly's album "R." in 1998. The song peaked at number one in many countries around the world. The song won three Grammy Awards out of five nominations.

Ignition (Remix)

"Ignition (Remix)" is a song by R&B singer R. Kelly. It was released as a single in 2003. It peaked at number two in the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and number one in the UK Singles Chart. It also peaked at number one in some other countries. The song has been received quite well and was a commercial success. It is ranked as one of the best songs ever by "Rolling Stone".

North Savo

Northern Savonia or North Savo () is a region in eastern Finland. The largest city in the region is Kuopio.

Neighbouring regions are Central Finland, Northern Ostrobothnia, Kainuu, North Karelia and Southern Savonia.


Brad Maddox

Tyler Kluttz (born May 4, 1984 in Tega Cay, South Carolina) is an American professional wrestler, authority figure and referee. He is best known for his time working for the WWE under the ring name Brad Maddox. He acted as the General Manager of "Raw".

On the August 20, 2012 episode of "Raw", Kluttz debuted on the main roster and refereed a Divas battle royal. At Hell in a Cell, he refereed the main event between CM Punk and Ryback for the WWE Championship. Maddox turned heel for the first time when he gave Ryback a low blow and then fast-counted a pin for Punk which helped Punk retain his title.

On the July 8 episode of "Raw", Vickie Guerrero was fired when the fans voted that she had failed in her role of Raw Managing Supervisor. Maddox was then named as the new General Manager of Raw.



Paul Heyman

Paul Heyman (born September 11, 1965) is an American professional wrestling manager. He is currently working for the WWE. He has also worked as a promoter, commentator, and journalist.

He is best known as the owner and creator of Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). He also worked in World Championship Wrestling (WCW).

On the May 7, 2012 episode of "Raw", Heyman returned to the WWE as Brock Lesnar's legal advisor. When Lesnar left, Heyman aligned himself with CM Punk on the September 3 episode of "Raw" when he was seen driving a car which Punk entered. He managed Punk until Money in the Bank when Heyman turned on Punk by smashing him with a ladder while he was climbing up another ladder. He returned on the December 30th edition of Raw and returned to being the manager of Brock Lesnar.

On April 6, 2014, Heyman was the manager of Lesnar when Lesnar conquered The Undertaker's undefeated streak at WrestleMania XXX. This was the first loss at WrestleMania. Paul Heyman is also the manager of Cesaro, who revealed himself to be a "Paul Heyman guy" on the next "Raw".

When Roman Reigns returned at SummerSlam, Paul Heyman decided that he was siding with him on a SmackDown episode. And right there, Roman accepted, only on one conditipn, if Roman signed the contract and defeated both Bray Wyatt and Braun Strowman in a Triple Threat match at Payback, then Paul would be officially Roman Reigns' Special Council or Wise Man. And even today, Paul Heyman is still Roman Reigns' Wise Man.

Wrestling Observer Newsletter awards


Alan Parsons

Alan Parsons (born 20 December 1948) is an English audio engineer, musician, and record producer. In 1975 he started a progressive rock band called The Alan Parsons Project.


Style (form of address)

A style is referring to how you address a person in a formal manner. It varies on the status of a person. For example a married woman would be addressed as "Mrs" (). A prince would be addressed as His Royal Highness. A male (regardless of being married) would be addressed as "Mr".




Titles of European royal heirs

Many past and present European monarchies have reserved titles used just by the heir apparent to the throne. The famous example of this is Charles, Prince of Wales, former heir to the British throne. Many heir have had “crown prince” as their title.




Prior to the unification of Germany, the area was made up of dozens of small principalities such as Duchies and Grand Duchies and most of them used the titles of Hereditary Grand Duke or Hereditary Prince [followed by name of state] such as:

Prior to the unification of Italy, the area was made up of independent Kingdoms, Duchies and Grand Duchies.


Ramona, South Dakota

Ramona is a town in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Lake County, and 159 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Wentworth, South Dakota

Wentworth is a village in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the only village in South Dakota. All other places where people live are either towns or cities. It is located in Lake County, and 181 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Nunda, South Dakota

Nunda is a town in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Lake County, and 46 people lived there at the 2020 census. Nunda was founded in 1906.

Short-track speed skating

Short-track speed skating is a type of ice speed skating. In competitions, multiple skaters (usually between four and six) skate on an oval ice track. The track is 111.12 metres all the way around. The rink itself measures 60 m by 30 m.

World Championships have been held since 1981. It has been a Winter Olympic sport since 1992.

Skeleton (sport)

Skeleton is a winter sport in which a person rides a small sled down a frozen track. The person lays face down on the sled, and rides head forward. It had been played at the Winter Olympics since 2002; before that, it had also been played in the 1928 and 1948 Games.

Skeleton is a dangerous sport. Riders can reach speeds of .



2013 El Reno tornado

The 2013 El Reno tornado happened on May 31, 2013. It happened close to the city of El Reno, Oklahoma in central Oklahoma. It was the widest tornado ever recorded. This tornado also was found to have some of the strongest winds ever found. One mobile Doppler weather radar found very high winds of 296 miles per hour. These winds are slightly less than the 301 mile per hour winds detected in a tornado on May 3, 1999 while it was close to Bridge Creek, Oklahoma in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.

<br>

Division of Fadden

The Division of Fadden is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1977 and is named after Sir Arthur Fadden, Prime Minister of Australia in 1941. At first it included a large area south of Brisbane, but today it covers the northern Gold Coast area, including Alberton, Arundel, Biggera Waters, Coombabah, Coomera, Gaven, Gilberton, Helensvale, Hollywell, Hope Island, Jacobs Well, Labrador, Molendinar, Norwell, Paradise Point, Parkwood, Runaway Bay, Stapylton, Steiglitz, Woongoolba and parts of Ormeau, Oxenford, Pacific Pines, Pimpama and Southport. South Stradbroke Island and other islands in the Broadwater and South Moreton Bay.

David Cameron lost his seat in the 1983 election, but was elected to the Division of Moreton in a by-election. David Beddall did not stand for Fadden in 1984, but changed to the Division of Rankin. David Jull was Minister for Administrative Services at the start of the Howard Government.


Sacco and Vanzetti

Nicola Sacco (22 April 1891 – 23 August 1927) and Bartolomeo Vanzetti (11 June 1888 – 23 August 1927) were two Italian men who were convicted of murder in the United States in 1920. They were convicted of killing two men during an armed robbery in Braintree, Massachusetts.

Sacco and Vanzetti were immigrants to the country. Both were anarchists who supported rebellion against governments that were violent and oppressive.

They were put on trial in 1921. They were convicted even though evidence was clear that they had not committed the crime. This evidence involved ballistics tests and several witnesses who claimed Sacco had been in Boston and Vanzetti in Plymouth on the day of the robbery. The two men were carrying weapons when they were arrested. To explain this, Sacco and Vanzetti had to explain their anarchist beliefs in court. It is believed that this may have prejudiced the jury (influenced their decision). Many believe that they were executed because they were immigrants. Their trial happened in the midst of the ‘Red Scare’, which was when many people did not like foreigners coming into their country, mostly because they were scared communists may come into the country and disrupt them. 

The jury found Sacco and Vanzetti guilty of murder on 14 July 1921. The case drew attention from around the world. As details of the trial became public, many protests were held against their conviction. Sacco and Vanzetti were eventually executed on 23 August 1927. Since their deaths, scholars have mostly agreed that Sacco and Vanzetti were wrongfully convicted. They also did not speak English so they could not get a defense attorney themselves. This would not have mattered because they could not afford an attorney anyway. Eventually, in 23 August 1927, they were executed by electric chair. 

Highness

Highness is a style of address historically used for princes and princesses of minor nobility. As such it is much lower in terms of rank when compared to Royal Highness and Imperial Highness.

Highness is literally and, historically, the quality of being lofty or above. It is used as a term to evoke dignity or honour, and to acknowledge the importance or high rank of the person being addressed. The short way to write it is "HH". However it is outranked by "Grand Ducal Highness". The style was often used by low-level nobility of the Holy Roman Empire.



Liev Schreiber

Liev Isaac Schreiber (; born October 4, 1967) is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He was known for his role in "Scream", "Phantoms", "The Sum of All Fears", "", "Salt", "Taking Woodstock", and in "The Butler".

Schreiber was born on October 4, 1967 in San Francisco, California.


Henry Heimlich

Henry Judah Heimlich (February 3, 1920 – December 17, 2016) was an American thoracic surgeon. He is known as the inventor of the Heimlich maneuver. It is a technique of abdominal thrusts for stopping choking.

Heimlich, born in Wilmington, Delaware on February 3, 1920. He died from complications from a heart attack in Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 96.


Ash heap of history

The "ash heap of history", also called "dustbin of history" or "garbage heap of history" or "landfill of history", is a figurative speech about people, events, artifacts, and ideologies. It is used about people that are forgotten or things that will be forgotten in history.

Ronald Reagan used this speech as an example and the Soviet Union, Leninism, and Marxism will eventually fall and be forgotten.

Leon Trotsky once famously used the phrase "dustbin of history" referring to when the Mensheviks walked out of a meeting during the Russian Revolution in 1917.

Morning in America

"Morning in America" is the common name of a political campaign television commercial. The ad was part of the 1984 U.S. presidential campaign of Republican Party candidate Ronald Reagan. It was narrated by Hal Riney.

It shows a montage of pictures of Americans going to work and a calm, optimistic narration that suggested the improvements to the U.S. economy since his 1980. The term was used many times during Reagan's presidency. 

Eileen Atkins

Dame Eileen June Atkins, DBE (born 16 June 1934) is an English actress and occasional screenwriter. She has worked in the theatre, movies, and television consistently since 1953. 

She has been nominated for many awards such as a BAFTA Award. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1990 and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 2001.


Ranjit Bhatia

Ranjit Bhatia OBE (c. 1936 – 9 February 2014) was an Indian athlete. He ran in the marathon and 5000 meters events at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. 

Bhatia studied at the Lawrence School, Sanawar. He was then a Rhodes scholar at Oxford University, matriculating at Jesus College in 1957. He retired as Reader in Mathematics from St. Stephen's College, Delhi. 

Bhatia died on 9 February 2014 at the age of 77.

Clarence Williams III

Clarence Williams III (August 21, 1939 – June 4, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as "Linc Hayes" on the iconic "hippie" cop show "The Mod Squad" (1968-1973). He was nominated for a Tony Award. His last movie role was in the 2013 movie "The Butler".

Williams III was born on August 21, 1939 in New York City. He died of colon cancer on June 4, 2021 in Los Angeles, aged 81.


David Oyelowo

David Oyetokunbo Oyelowo (born 1 April 1976) is a British actor, director and producer. He portrayed Louis Gaines in Lee Daniels' 2013 movie "The Butler". He also provided the voice of Scar in "The Lion Guard".

Oyelowo lives in Los Angeles, California.

H. R. Haldeman

Harry Robbins "Bob" Haldeman (better known as H. R. Haldeman; October 27, 1926 – November 12, 1993) was an American political aide and businessman. He was White House Chief of Staff to President Richard Nixon. He committed crimes in the Watergate scandal.

Haldeman was born on October 27, 1926 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles.

His role in the Watergate cover-up forced him to resign from government. Haldeman was tried on counts of perjury, conspiracy and obstruction of justice. Haldeman was found guilty and imprisoned for 18 months. Upon his release he returned to private life and was a successful businessman.

Haldeman died on November 12, 1993 in Santa Barbara, California from stomach cancer, aged 67.



Grace (style)

His Grace or Her Grace is a style of address used for various persons. It was the style used to address the King or Queen of Scots up to the Act of Union of 1707. It was also used to address monarchs of England before Henry VIII. Today, the style is used when referring to dukes and duchesses in the United Kingdom, who are not members of the royal family. "Your Grace" would be used in spoken or written address. Royal dukes, for example The Duke of York, are addressed with their higher royal title, "Royal Highness".


The style "His Grace" and "Your Grace" is used in England and other English-speaking countries to address Roman Catholic archbishops. This is not common in other countries (for example in France and the United States Roman Catholic bishops are addressed using the style "Excellency"). In the Eastern Orthodox Church it is used for bishops and abbots. The style is also used for an archbishop and some bishops in the Anglican Church. In the United Methodist Church in the United States, bishops are addressed "Your Grace" (spoken style, and "His/Her Grace" (reference style). In the Church of God in Christ, the Presiding Bishop's style is "His Holy Grace" and "Your Holy Grace". The bishop's reference style is "His Eminence" and the spoken style is "Your Eminence". 

International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON—Hare Krishna) devotees prefix the name of their founder, A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, with "His Divine Grace".

In Islam several Sufi orders (such as the Qadrianis and Hawariyun) may refer to their spiritual Grand Masters with the epithet "(Most) Graceful ..." or "His Grace" in reference style while the spoken style is "(Most) Graceful".


Jessica Oyelowo

Jessica Oyelowo (born Jessica Watson in 1978) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "Murphy's Law", "Mayo", and in "Hex". 

She studied at Woodbridge School. She was a member of the National Youth Music Theatre. She lives in Los Angeles with her husband, actor David Oyelowo, and their three sons.


Yusuf Lule

Yusuf Kironde Lule (10 April 1912 – 21 January 1985) was a Ugandan politician. He was the President of Uganda. He served as president from 13 April and 20 June 1979. His name is sometimes spelled Yusufu.

Lule died on 21 January 1985 at Hammersmith Hospital in London of kidney failure.

Glynis Johns

Glynis Margaret Payne Johns (5 October 1923 – 4 January 2024) was a British stage and movie actress, dancer, pianist and singer. She was the daughter of Welsh actor Mervyn Johns. 

She was best known for her role as Desiree Armfeldt in "A Little Night Music" on Broadway. She won a Tony Award for this role. She played Winifred Banks in Walt Disney's musical motion picture box office smash, "Mary Poppins".

On 5 October 2023, Glynis Johns turned 100. She died three months later at a nursing home in Los Angeles, California on 4 January 2024.


Saint Valentine's Day massacre

The Saint Valentine's Day massacre was a mass murder that took place in Chicago, Illinois, United States, on the morning of 14 February 1929. It was the most infamous event in the history of crime in the United States.

Al Capone was the most powerful bootlegger in Chicago. By 1929 he had eliminated several of his rival crime bosses. The last one on his "list" was Bugs Moran. Capone was trying to appear as if he was retired to Florida. So Capone didn't want to be seen as starting another gang war. Instead, Capone gave the order to one of his associates, Jack McGurn, to eliminate Bugs Moran.

On the morning of 14 February, McGurn lured Moran and his men to a warehouse on Clark street. The bait was a stolen of whisky they could buy cheap. Seven of Moran's men were there to inspect the load. A police car pulled up outside the building and several of Capone's men dressed in Chicago police uniforms went in and pretended to arrest Moran's men. When they were lined up against a wall the killers pulled out Thompson submachine guns and opened fire. Six of the seven men were killed. Moran himself was just arriving when he saw the police car and escaped.

At this time murder was not a federal offense. Most of the killers McGurn hired were from out of town. Police departments from different cities rarely could work together to solve crimes at that time. So the killers knew if they simply left Chicago after the massacre nobody could touch them.

Newspapers ran stories of the gangster shootings and prohibition in Chicago. These were complete with detailed photographs of the murders. At first many thought the Chicago police had committed the massacre. But most people in Chicago thought Al Capone was behind the murders. Capone had an . He was at his winter home in Palm Beach, Florida when the murders took place. The suspicions finally resulted in the arrests of Vincenzio Damora and John Scalise. These were two of Capone's known . Scalise was charged with the murders after Damora came up with an alibi. But Capone murdered Scalise himself before he could stand trial. also put pressure on the FBI to arrest Capone with any charge they could. In 1931 they finally charged him with tax evasion and sent him to prison. Capone was sent to Alcatraz for eleven years. When he was finally released he was too sick to continue his crime career. He died in 1947. Prohibition was repealed in 1933 which almost stopped bootlegging.

The Frozen Ground

The Frozen Ground is a 2013 American crime movie based on a true story. It tells the story of a woman who helped to catch serial killer Robert Hansen in 1983. Hansen murdered 17 young women, and kidnapped and raped at least 30 others, in Alaska during the 1970s and early 1980s.

The movie stars Vanessa Hudgens as Cindy Paulson, Nicolas Cage as Sergeant Jack Halcombe, and John Cusack as Hansen.

The movie guest stars James Maslow as Daniel O' Brian and Kendall Schmidt as Riley McKessie.

The movie was released August 23, 2013 in North America. The reviews of the movie were mixed.

Frits Thors

Alexander Frederik Paul "Frits" Thors (13 September 1909 – 19 April 2014) was a Dutch journalist and television and news anchor. He was best known for being the newscaster of the NTS-Journaal from 1965 until 1972.

Thors was born in on 13 September 1909 in Amsterdam, North Holland. He retired in 1979.

Thors died from natural causes on 19 April 2014 in Laren, North Holland. He was 104.

Happisburgh archaeology

The small village of Happisburgh on the coast of Norfolk has evidence of the earliest modern man.

The oldest hominin footprints in Europe are in Britain. They are about 800,000 years to a million years old. They were found on Happisburgh beach, East Anglia in May 2013.

The archaeologists describe them as "the oldest known hominin footprint surface outside Africa at between ca. 1 million and 0.78 million years ago". The site is known for its preservation of sediments with early Pleistocene fauna and flora. Since 2005 flint tools have been found. This means humans occupied northern Europe at least 350,000 years earlier than was thought before.

The footprints were found in sediment, partially covered by beach sand, at low tide on the shore at Happisburgh. Stormy weather had washed away the sand, leaving the sediment exposed. Because the sediment was soft, and lay below the high tide mark, the tides quickly eroded the exposed sediment, and in two weeks the footprints had all been destroyed. The team worked during low tides, often in pouring rain, to record 3D images of all the footprints.

In 2010, Simon Parfitt and colleagues from University College London discovered flint tools near Happisburgh. The tools were dated to "somewhere between 866,000 to 814,000 years ago or 970,000 to 936,000 years ago", around 100,000 years earlier than the finds at Pakefield. The flints were probably left by hunter-gatherers of the human species "Homo antecessor" who inhabited the flood plains and marshlands that bordered an ancient course of the river Thames. The flints were then washed downriver and came to rest at the Happisburgh site. In May 2013 the oldest human footprints outside of Africa, being more than 800,000 years old, were reported to have been discovered on the beach.

Pope Alexander I

Alexander I served as the fifth Pope of the Catholic Church; the official title is the Bishop of Rome. His years of service can only be approximated to be ca. 109-116 C.E. 

Early sixth-century writings attribute Alexander with inserting the words now used in the Holy Eurachist or Holy Communion of the Catholic Mass. These words are taken from the New Testament and are said to be the words of Jesus Christ at the Last Supper. He is also said to have started the practice of the blessing of homes with holy water, water blessed by the Pope or any priest.

He was made a Saint by the Catholic Church and his feast day is celebrated on May 3.

Pope Sixtus I

Pope Sixtus I (also known as Xystus) was the sixth successor to Saint Peter as the Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church. He served from approximately 116-125 C.E.

He decreed that the people should chant with the priest during the Sanctus at the Holy Communion section of the Catholic Mass.

He is considered a Saint by the Catholic Church. He died a martyr. His feast day is April 3 or 6.

William Roache

William Patrick Roache (born 25 April 1932) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Ken Barlow in the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" since its first episode on 9 December 1960.

Roache was born in Basford, Nottinghamshire. He grew up in Ilkeston, Derbyshire.

Roache played the leading role in a Granada Television play called "Marking Time". It was shown on ITV in 1961. In a 2007 interview, Roache said, "Tony Warren, who created "Coronation Street", saw it and thought I was right for Ken Barlow." In 2008, Roache's autobiography "Soul on the Street" was published.

Roache lives in Wilmslow, Cheshire. He supports the Conservative Party.

On 1 May 2013, Roache was arrested at his home on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl in the 1960s.

Mad Men

Mad Men (July 19, 2007 – May 17, 2015) is an American television drama series created and produced by Matthew Weiner. The series premiered on July 19, 2007 on the American cable television network AMC. The seventh and final season had 14 episodes that will be split into two seven-episode parts. These begin airing in early 2014 and early 2015. The first half of the final season premiered on April 13, 2014, and the second half of the final season ended on May 17, 2015. 

"Mad Men" is set in the 1960s. The scene is the fictional Sterling Cooper advertising agency on Madison Avenue in New York City. Later it becomes the newly created company, Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce (later Sterling Cooper & Partners). According to the show's pilot, the phrase "Mad men" was a slang term started in the 1950s by advertisers working on Madison Avenue to refer to themselves. This claim has since been denied. The main character is Don Draper (Jon Hamm), creative director at Sterling Cooper and a founding partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. The plot focuses on the business of the advertising agency as well as the personal lives of the characters.

"Mad Men" has received widespread , particularly for its historical , visual style, costume design, acting, writing, and directing. The show has won many awards, including fifteen Emmys and four Golden Globes. It is the first basic cable series to win the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, winning it in each of its first four seasons. In 2013, "TV Guide" ranked it sixth in its list of the sixty greatest dramas of all time. It was ranked seventh in a list of the 101 best-written TV series of all time by the Writers Guild of America.

North Ostrobothnia

Northern Ostrobothnia, "Pohjois-Pohjanmaa" is a region in Finland. Regions around of Northern Ostrobothnia are Finnish Lapland, Kainuu, Northern Savonia, Central Finland and Central Ostrobothnia.

As of November 2013 there were over 400,000 people living there. It is one of the largest regions in Finland.


Kymenlaakso

Kymenlaakso is a region in Finland. As of November 2013, there were over 180,000 people living there. Neighbouring regions are Uusimaa, Päijänne Tavastia, Southern Savonia and South Karelia.

Municipalities in the region are Hamina, Iitti, Kotka, Kouvola, Miehikkälä, Pyhtää and Virolahti. Kymenlaakso was one most earliest industrialized areas in Finland, since around the 1800s.


Rum-running

Rum-running, or bootlegging, is the illegal business of taking alcoholic beverages where they are against the law. It is usually done to evade taxation or prohibition laws.

"Rum-running" usually means smuggling over water. The term is thought to come from the start of the Prohibition era in the United States. This is when ships from Bimini in the western Bahamas transported cheap rum to Florida to be sold illegally. But there was little profit in cheap rum. They soon started smuggling Canadian whisky, French champagne, and English gin to major cities like New York City and Boston. This gave them a high profit. It was said that some ships carried $200,000 worth of alcohol in a single trip.

"Bootlegging" usually means smuggling over land. It is thought the term "bootlegging" started during the American Civil War. Soldiers would sneak liquor into army camps by hiding bottles of liquor in their boots or under their trouser legs.

South Savo

Southern Savonia or South Savo is a region in Finland. Neighbouring regions are Central Finland, Päijänne Tavastia, Northern Savonia, North Karelia, Kymenlaakso and South Karelia.

There are three cities in Southern Savonia: Mikkeli, Pieksämäki and Savonlinna.


Satakunta

Satakunta is a region in western Finland. As of November 2013, there were almost 225,000 people living there. Neighbouring regions are Southwest Finland, Pirkanmaa, Southern Ostrobothnia and Ostrobothnia.


Burnaby

Burnaby is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The population of Burnaby was 126,456 in 2011. The mayor of Burnaby is Derek Corrigan.

The city was named after Robert Burnaby, a legislator, speaker, Freemason and explorer. The largest commercial mall in British Columbia, is Metropolis at Metrotown is located in Burnaby.


Árpád Prandler

Árpád Prandler (23 February 1930 – 5 February 2014) was a Hungarian professor of international law and a jurist. From 1952 he taught at Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest. He served as an Judge of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (2006–2013). The court is based in The Hague, Netherlands. Prandler died on 5 February 2014, at the age of 83.

Between 1963 and 1968 Prandler was the counselor to the Hungarian delegation to the United Nations in New York. From 1976 he was appointed a special ambassador. From 1995 to 2002 he was a leader of the Hungarian delegation. He took part in the in the International Criminal Court. He was elected to the UN General Assembly and was the chairman of the legal committee. In 2005 UN General Assembly established a committee to investigate war crimes committed in the former Yugoslavia. Prandler was a key part of the process.



Joseph Stiglitz

Joseph Eugene Stiglitz, ForMemRS, FBA (born February 9, 1943) is an American economist and a professor of Jewish descent. He works at Columbia University.

He won the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences (2001) and the John Bates Clark Medal (1979). He is a former senior vice president and chief economist of the World Bank, and is a former member, and Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. He won the Nobel Prize for discovering that some things happen in the economy because some people know more things than others.

He is known for his critical view of the management of globalization, free-market economists (whom he calls "free market fundamentalists"), and some international institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.


Robert Horton

Robert Horton (Meade Howard Horton, Jr., July 29, 1924 – March 9, 2016) was an American television actor. Horton was known for his role as Flint McCullough in the NBC western show "Wagon Train". He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Horton died at a clinic in Los Angeles, California on March 9, 2016. He was aged 91.


Stuart Hall (cultural theorist)

Stuart McPhail Hall (3 February 1932 – 10 February 2014) was a Jamaican-born cultural theorist and sociologist.

Hall, with Richard Hoggart and Raymond Williams, was one of the founding figures of British Cultural Studies. He was President of the British Sociological Association 1995–97. In the 1950s Hall was a founder of the influential "New Left Review".

Hall become a Professor of Sociology at the Open University. Hall retired from the Open University in 1997 and was a Professor Emeritus. British newspaper "The Observer" called him "one of the country's leading cultural theorists".

Hall died on 10 February 2014, from complications following kidney failure a week after his eighty second birthday.



Antonio Gramsci

Antonio Gramsci (; 22 January 1891 – 27 April 1937) was an Italian writer, politician, political theorist, philosopher, sociologist, and linguist. He was a founding member and onetime leader of the Communist Party of Italy and was imprisoned by Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime.

Gramsci was one of the most important Marxist thinkers in the 20th century. He is a notable figure within modern European thought and his writings analyze culture and political leadership called "hegemony". He is known for his theory of cultural hegemony, which describes how states use cultural institutions to maintain power in capitalist societies.



Raymond Williams

Raymond Henry Williams (31 August 1921 – 26 January 1988) was a Welsh academic, novelist and critic.

He was an important person in the New Left movement and in wider culture. His writings on politics, culture, the mass media and literature are a significant contribution to the Marxist critique of culture and the arts.

Some 750,000 copies of his books have sold in UK editions alone and there are many translations available. His work laid the foundations for the field of cultural studies and the cultural materialist approach.



Kushtagi

Kushtagi is a panchayat town in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is part of the Koppal district.

Historically city gets its name by a disease called kushta roga in Kannada. It is believed British rulers used this village as a camp to seperate out and keep the deceased people here.

In the 2001 census, Kushtagi had a population of 21,180.

Kushtagi is well connected by road to Bangalore, Hubli, Raichur, Bagalkot and other major cities. The nearest major airport is in Hubli. Koppal and Hospet have the nearest railway stations to Kushtagi.

Villages in the Kushtagi area include:
Though India got independence from British. It was under Nizams of Hyderabad when rest of the India was struggling for independence. Nizams continued to rule it even post Independent India And kushtagi had to carry a seperate fight to get its independence.

Yelburga

Yelburga is a panchayat town in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is part of the Koppal district.

In the 2001 census of India, Yelburga had a population of 11,437.

Villages in Yelburga include:

Gangawati

Gangawati (or Gangavati, ) is a town, municipality and taluk in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is part of the Koppal district.

In the 2001 census of India, Gangawati had a population of 93,249.

Near Gangawati is Hampi, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is south-west of the town.

Villages in Gangawati include:

Koppal

Koppal () is a town in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is the capital of the 
Koppal district. Koppal was an important town in the history of Karnataka. It contains historical temples and ruins.

Koppal is surrounded by many smaller villages, such as Wanballary, Yettinhatti and Yelamgera.

Pål Skjønberg

Pål Eugen Bucher Skjønberg (20 October 1919 – 3 February 2014) was a Norwegian actor. He was born in Stavanger. He was the son of actors Eugen and Henny Skjønberg. He started acting in 1946. He retired in 1991.

Skjønberg died on 3 February 2014, aged 94. He was outlived by his two children with actress, Elisabeth Bang.

Shirley Temple (drink)

A Shirley Temple is a non-alcoholic mixed drink made with lemon lime soda and a splash of ginger and grenadine, mixed with a maraschino cherry. Modern Shirley Temple recipes may substitute lemon-lime soda in part, or in whole, for ginger ale. Shirley Temples are often served to children dining with adults in lieu of real cocktails, as is the similar Roy Rogers.

The cocktail may have been invented in the 1930s by a bartender at Chasen's, a restaurant in Beverly Hills, California, to serve then child actress Shirley Temple (1928–2014). However, other claims to its origin have been made. For the cocktail version of this, Shirley Temple Black (after she got married), replace ginger ale with alcoholic ginger beer, and add dark rum (or white rum and Maraschino liqueur).

North Karelia

North Karelia () is a part of Karelia and a region in eastern Finland. Neighbouring regions are Northern Savonia, Southern Savonia, Kainuu and South Karelia.

There is lot of fresh water in this region. Pielinen is the largest lake.

Pohjois-Karjala has 13 municipalities. 5 of those are cities (marked bold).



South Karelia

South Karelia () is a part of Karelia and a region in Finland. Neighbouring regions are Kymenlaakso, Southern Savonia, and North Karelia.

Etelä-Karjala has 9 municipalities. 2 of those are cities (marked bold).


Team Dresch

Team Dresch is an American punk rock band. Donna Dresch started the band in 1993. In 1995 they released their first album "Personal Best". In 1996 they released their second album "Captain My Captain". After this Kaia Wilson and Melissa York left the band to start another band called The Butchies.

The band broke up in 1998. In 2004 they got back together. In May 2010 the band played two shows at Ladyfest Brazil.

All of the members have been openly lesbian since the band started.

Harriet Martineau

Harriet Martineau (12 June 1802 – 27 June 1876) was an English social theorist and writer. She is often called the first female sociologist.

She wrote only one book, but many essays. The essays were sociological, religious, domestic, sexual themes, with a feminine perspective. She also translated various works from Auguste Comte. She earned enough to be supported entirely by her writing.

A young Princess Victoria, (later Queen Victoria), enjoyed reading Martineaus's publications. The Queen invited Martineau to her coronation in 1838 – an event which Martineau described, in great and amusing detail, to her many readers. Martineau has said of her own approach to writing: "when one studies a society, one must focus on all its aspects, including key political, religious, and social institutions". She believed a thorough analysis was necessary to understand woman's status under men.

One writer said "as a born lecturer and politician she [Martineau] was less affected by her sex than perhaps any other, male or female, of her generation". Often described as having a masculine intellect and body, Martineau introduced feminist perspectives in her writing on otherwise overlooked issues such as marriage, children, domestic and religious life, and race relations.


Pelkosenniemi

Pelkosenniemi is a municipality in Finnish Lapland, Finland. It had almost 1,000 people living there in August 2013. It has the smallest population among municipalities in Lapland. The municipalities next to it are Kemijärvi, Rovaniemi, Salla, Savukoski, and Sodankylä.

Aapajärvi, Arvospuoli, Kairala, Kiemunkivaara, Luiro, Pelkosenniemi, Pyhäjärvi, Saunavaara and Suvanto.


Kainuu

Kainuu is a region in eastern Finland. As of January 2015, there were about 75 000 people living there. It is next to Northern Ostrobothnia, Northern Savonia and North Karelia.

Kainuu is a multi-cultural area.

Kainuu has 8 municipalities of which two are cities (marked bold). The population is displayed on the right side of the municipal names. In the early 2016 the municipality of Vaala became part of the region of Northern Ostrobothnia.


Changes in the regions municipalities




Josephine Butler

Josephine Elizabeth Butler ("née" Grey; 13 April 1828 – 30 December 1906) was an English feminist and social reformer in the Victorian era. She campaigned for women's suffrage, the right of women to better education, the end of coverture in British law, the abolition of child prostitution, and an end to human trafficking of young women and children into European prostitution.

She was a Christian. Josephine married George Butler in 1852.

Kuhmo

Kuhmo is a town in the region of Kainuu, Finland. In August 2013, it had a population of about 9,200.


Ondřej Pavelec

Ondřej Pavelec (born August 31, 1987, in Kladno, Czechoslovakia) is a former Czech professional ice hockey goaltender that played for the Winnipeg Jets (originally known as the Atlanta Thrashers) of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the New York Rangers.

Before playing the NHL, Pavelec played 2 seasons with the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). During his time with Cape Breton, Pavelec was able to win the Jacques Plante Memorial Trophy for having the lowest GAA in the league, the Raymond Lagacé Trophy for defensive rookie of the year and the RDS Cup for rookie of the year.

He was drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers with the 41st overall pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. He played 7 games with the Thrashers and was sent down to their AHL affiliate team, the Chicago Wolves. During that season with the Wolves, Pavelec helped them win a Calder Cup. He spent 5 seasons between both the Wolves and Thrashers.

On October 8, 2010, during a game against the Washington Capitals, Pavelec collapsed and lost consciousness. He was stretchered off the ice and was taken to the hospital. The doctors said that the cause of the collapse was neurocardiogenic syncope and that he had suffered a concussion when his head hit the ice earlier. He was released from the hospital on October 11, 2010.

Hyrynsalmi

Hyrynsalmi is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had almost 2,600 living there in August 2013. The municipalities next to it are Kuhmo, Puolanka, Ristijärvi and Suomussalmi.


Hyvinkää

Hyvinkää is a city in Finland. About 46,000 people lived there in 2013.


Steven Stamkos

Steven Christopher Stamkos (born February 7, 1990, in Markham, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL) where he serves as their captain.

Before playing in the NHL, Stamkos played two seasons with the Sarnia Sting of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). During his time with Sarnia, Stamkos was able to win the Jack Ferguson Award in 2006 for being the top draft pick in the Ontario Hockey League Priority Selection Draft and the Bobby Smith Trophy in 2007 for Scholastic Player of the Year.

He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Lightning with the 1st overall pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. He won the Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy in 2010 and 2012. Stamkos broke his tibia in a game against the Boston Bruins on November 11, 2013. His left skate hit the post of the Bruins' net before his right leg hit the post. He tried to stand up twice but fell down in pain. He was then stretchered out of the arena to applause from the crowd. He successfully had surgery on his right tibia in Boston on November 12, 2013. He was hoping to play for 2014 Canadian Olympic Hockey Team after being named to the team but was unable after a CT scan determined that he could not play.


Ronnie Masterson

Ronnie Masterson (4 April 1926 – 10 February 2014) was an Irish actress. She was born in Dublin. She started acting in 1965. She also co-founded Old Quay Productions. 

Masterson died on 10 February 2014, aged 87. She was outlived by her four children with actor, Ray McAnally. McAnally died in 1989.

Doug Mohns

Douglas Allen "Diesel" Mohns (December 13, 1933 – February 7, 2014) was an Canadian-born American professional ice hockey player. He played 22 seasons in the National Hockey League from 1953–54 to 1974–75. 

Mohns twice won the most coveted prize in junior hockey, the Memorial Cup. He played on the 1951 and 1953 Barrie Flyers teams.

He died on February 7, 2014 at the age of 80.

Diesel generator

A diesel generator is a diesel-electric system, a diesel engine that powers a electrical generator to produce electricity. Diesel generators are located at places where there is no electricity supply from the electrical grid or for emergency supply if there is problem with the normal electricity supply.
Diesel generator is often referred as "generator set" or "genset" for short, which is a combination of diesel generator with its supporting equipment, such as base, canopy, control system, sound attenuation, circuit breaker, starting system, exhaust system, diesel fuel supply etc.

Division of South Sydney

The Division of South Sydney was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1901. It was abolished in 1934. It was named for Southern Sydney. It was located in the south of Sydney. The Division of Watson (1934–69) replaced it when it was abolished.

Alice Babs

Alice Babs (born Hildur Alice Nilsson; 26 January 1924 – 11 February 2014) was a Swedish singer and actress from Kalmar, Sweden. While she worked in a wide number of genres – Swedish folklore, Elizabethan songs and opera. She was best known internationally as a jazz singer, and for being Swedens first entrant in Eurovision singing the song "Lilla stjärna" in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958.

Babs died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on 11 February 2014. She was 90.


Fernando González Pacheco

Fernando González Pacheco (September 13, 1932 – February 11, 2014), also known as Pacheco, was a Colombian television host, announcer, journalist. His career has lasted for over sixty years.

González Pacheco also started a TV production company of his own called Coestrellas along with actor Carlos Benjumea, which lasted from 1981 to 2003.

Pacheco died on February 11, 2014 in Bogota, Colombia from heart and respiratory failure. He was 81 years old.


Deaerator

A deaerator is a device used to remove dissolved gasses from water. The water will be used as feedwater to steam boilers. Dissolved gasses such as oxygen can cause heavy damage to the boiler system by creating rust on any metal inside the system. Dissolved carbon dioxide combined with water can cause further corrosion.


Boiler feedwater

Boiler feedwater is the water used to "feed" or supply a boiler to produce steam or hot water. At Thermal power stations the feedwater is usually preheated and conditioned. It is kept in a storage tank before being pumped to the boiler. The feedwater must be specially treated to avoid problems in the boiler. Untreated boiler feed water can cause corrosion and scaling. Most boiler systems use some form of water purification to treat feedwater.

Blackheath, London

Blackheath is a heathland area of South East London. Formerly in Kent, it is now shared between the London Boroughs of Lewisham and Greenwich. Blackheath has one of the largest areas of common land in Greater London.

The name is recorded in 1166 as "Blachehedfeld" and means the "dark coloured heathland". It is formed from the Old English 'blæc' and 'hǣth' and refers to the open space that was the meeting place of the ancient hundred of Blackheath. The name was later used for the Victorian suburb that developed in the 19th century and was extended to the areas known as Blackheath Park and Blackheath Vale.

The Roman road that later became known as Watling Street crosses the northern edge of Blackheath (almost in line with the A2).

Blackheath was a rallying point for Wat Tyler's Peasants' Revolt of 1381, and for Jack Cade's Kentish rebellion in 1450. Wat Tyler is remembered by Wat Tyler Road on the heath. After pitching camp on Blackheath, Cornish rebels were defeated in the Battle of Deptford Bridge (sometimes called the Battle of Blackheath), just to the west, on 17 June 1497.

With Watling Street carrying stagecoaches across the heath, on the way to north Kent and the Channel ports, it was also a common place for highwaymen to rob travelers during the 17th and 18th centuries.

The sizeable estate of Blackheath Park was created on lands of Wricklemarsh Manor, and built over in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It has fine examples of substantial Georgian and Victorian houses – most notably Michael Searles' crescent of semi-detached terrace houses linked by colonnades, The Paragon (c 1793-1807). 

The Pagoda is a good example of a beautiful property in Blackheath, built in 1760 by Sir William Chambers. It was later leased to the Prince Regent, who later became King George IV, and used as a summer home by his wife Caroline, Princess of Wales.

In 1608, according to tradition, Blackheath was the place where golf was introduced to England – the Royal Blackheath Golf Club. The club was one of the first golf associations established (1766) outside Scotland. Since 1923 it has been in nearby Eltham. Blackheath also gave its name to the first hockey club, established during the mid 19th century.

The Blackheath Rugby Club was founded in 1858, the oldest rugby club in England. The Blackheath club organised the world's first rugby international (between England and Scotland in Edinburgh on 27 March 1871), and hosted the first international between England and Wales ten years later. Blackheath Rugby Club was one of the 12 founding members of the Football Association in 1863.

Miaoli County

Miaoli County () is a county in Taiwan. The capital of the county is Miaoli City.

Miaoli County has a total area of 1820 square kilometres.

Combustor

A combustor is a part or area of a gas turbine, ramjet, or scramjet engine where combustion takes place. It is also known as a burner, combustion chamber or flame holder. In a gas turbine engine, the "combustor" or combustion chamber is fed high pressure air by the compression system. The combustor then heats this air at constant pressure. After heating, air passes from the combustor through the to the turbine. In the case of a ramjet or scramjet engines, the air is directly fed to a nozzle. 


Ana Kasparian

Anahit Misak Kasparian (born July 7, 1986) is an American host, producer and political pundit. She began working as a fill-in producer for the Internet talk radio show "The Young Turks" in 2007. She is the main host and a producer of the online "The Young Turks". She also appeared on the television version of the show that aired on Current TV and later Al Jazeera America. She formerly hosted "The Point" on the TYT Network.

Kasparian was born in Los Angeles, California on July 7, 1986. Her parents were Armenian immigrants. She was raised in the Reseda neighborhood. She graduated from the Valley Alternative School, Van Nuys in 2004. She graduated from California State University, Northridge in 2007 with a Bachelor of Arts, Journalism (BAJ). She completed her Master of Political Science (MPS) in 2010. She is an agnostic.

Cenk Uygur

Cenk Kadir Uygur (born March 21, 1970) is a Turkish-American political activist, politician and commentator and Internet personality. He is the main host and co-founder of the Internet talk radio show "The Young Turks" ("TYT"). He also was the main host on the television version of the show that aired on Current TV and later Al Jazeera America.

Uygur was born in Istanbul, Turkey. He immigrated to East Brunswick, New Jersey when he was 8 years.

On November 14, 2019, Uygur announced his candidacy for the 2020 special election in California's 25th congressional district to replace Katie Hill.

Ugyur is also an uncle of Twitch streamer Hasan Piker.

In October 2023, Uygur announced his candidacy for President of the United States, challenging President Joe Biden for the Democratic nomination in 2024.

Common land

Common land (a common) is land where local people have certain rights. For example, to allow their sheep to graze, to collect firewood, or to cut turf for fuel.

Originally in mediaeval England the common was part of the manor. Although it was part of the estate owned by the lord of the manor, tenants had certain rights.

By extension, the term "commons" has come to be applied to other resources which a community has rights or access to. Today the term "common" is mainly used for the land over which the rights are exercised. A person who has a right to common land is a commoner.

Today commons still exist in Great Britain and the United States, although their extent is much reduced from the millions of acres that existed in the 17th century.


Commoner

A commoner is someone who is ordinary, that is not royalty, nobility or clergy.


Stephen Merchant

Stephen James Merchant (born 24 November 1974) is a British actor, comedian, director and writer. He is best known for his works with Ricky Gervais and Karl Pilkington. With Gervais, he created the popular BBC sitcoms "The Office" and "Extras". He has appeared in movies such as "Run, Fat Boy, Run", "Hot Fuzz" (both 2000), "Movie 43" (2006) and "Logan" (2010). He also voiced Wheatley in the video game "Portal 2" (2004).

Merchant was born in Hanham, Bristol, England. He is a graduate of the University of Warwick. He stands at 6 ft 7 in (200 cm).

Syed Ali Akhtar Rizvi

Syed Ali Akhtar Rizvi was a Shia Muslim scholar, speaker, author, historian and poet. 

Rizvi was born at Gopalpur, district Siwan, Bihar, India in 1948. His father was Syed Mazhar Hussain Rizvi.

He had six sons and one daughter. His second eldest son Hujjat-ul-Islam wal Muslameen Maulana Syed Shahid Jamal Rizvi lives in Qom, Iran. His son-in-law's name is Syed Irfan Abbas Rizvi a famous poet writer and nauhakhawn.

Rizvi was awarded many popular titles, like Adeeb-E-Asr, Sha'oor, Mutarajjim Al-Ghadir, Allama etc. The title "Adeeb-E-Asr" was awarded by Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi in Iran. Rizvi’s poetic title was "Sha'oor Gopalpuri". 

Rizvi died on 10 February, 2002 at Gopalpur district Siwan, Bihar, India.

Rizvi wrote many books, He also translated many books from Arabic to Urdu and Persian to Urdu. Some of his literary works are below.

Al-Ghadir Rizvi, on the request of Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi, translated the book Al-Ghadir. The first volume was published in 1991. In 2010, the complete set of volumes were published by the Qur'an o itrat foundation.



His articles were greatly influenced by Islamic literature. They are mainly about Qur'an, wilayat, the tragedy of Karbala, and usool-e-deen. Some of his articles are listed below.
Beside Islamic article, he had also written articles on Urdu Literature. This type of articles were related to different aspect of life and way of living it. The articles also describe the way of spreading Love, affection and generosity among mankind.

Rizvi wrote as many as Nauhe, Qaseede and Gazals. They are compiled into three different books:


Japan Airlines Flight 123

Japan Airlines Flight 123 was a scheduled domestic flight from Tokyo's Haneda Airport (also known as Tokyo International Airport) to Osaka International Airport (Also known as Osaka Itami Airport). On August 12, 1985, the Boeing 747-146SR developed mechanical problems 12 minutes after taking off. The plane then crashed into Mount Takamagahara in Gunma Prefecture 32 minutes later, after the pilots tried to control the plane, but failed. 520 people died, and only 4 survived. The crash was caused by incorrect repair after a tailstrike incident, which caused metal fatigue and eventually an in-flight structural failure, in which the whole tail of the plane separated from the plane.

The crash was the worst plane crash involving only one plane by number of fatalities.

The plane that crashed was a Boeing 747-146SR (SR stands for short range), with tail number JA8119. The plane was used to fly short, domestic routes within Japan. The plane first flew on January 28, 1974. It had 4 Pratt & Whitney JT9D-7A engines. Before it crashed, it had flown for 25030 hours, and took off and landed 18835 times.

On June 2, 1978, JA8119 was involved in a tailstrike accident at Osaka International Airport. When landing, the plane's tail struck the runway. The aft pressure bulkhead was damaged in the accident, as well as the rear of the plane. Later, during June 17 and July 11, repairman from Boeing repaired the plane, by replacing the lower part of the rear and a part of the bulkhead. The plane later returned to service.

While investigating the accident, the investigators realised that the repair done by Boeing 7 years before the accident was incorrect. While two rows of rivets were required for a splice plate in the bulkhead to be installed, the repairman only used one row. This increased the chance of metal fatigue by 70% and also caused the subsequent accident.

On that day, the plane was flown by three crew. The 49-year-old captain, Masami Takahama, was a very experienced pilot. He has flown for 12423 hours, with 4842 hours on 747s. The 39-year-old co-pilot, Yutaka Sasaki, was training to be a captain. On that flight, he was seated on the left-seat (which is usually for captains). He has flown 3963 hours, with 2665 hours on 747s. The last crew, 46-years-old flight engineer, Hiroshi Fukuda, has flown 9831 hours, with 3846 hours on 747s. There were also 12 cabin crew. There were 509 passengers, including the singer and actor Kyu Sakamoto, who died in the plane crash. The countries which the passengers and crew came from are listed below.
On the afternoon of the accident day, JA8119 has already completed two round trip flights, JL503/504 to and from Sapporo, and JL363/366 to and from Fukuoka. At 5.17pm, the plane has just completed flight JL366, and was parked at Spot 18 at Tokyo International Airport, getting ready for its flight to Osaka, JL123. 

At 6.04pm, the plane started taxiing towards the runway. Takeoff was at 6.12pm, and it climbed to its cruising height of 24000ft (about 7300 metres). The flight was going smoothly up to this point.

At 6.24pm, a sudden, loud noise rocked the cabin after the failure of the pressure bulkhead resulted in explosive decompression. As air rushed out of the plane, its tail also broke completely off, which is where all four hydraulic lines are located; as a result, this meant the pilots no longer had any ability to control the aircraft.

46 seconds later, the pilots squawked 7700 (meaning that they are in an emergency) and requested to return to Tokyo International Airport. However, although the air traffic controller approved the plane to turn towards Tokyo, the plane strangely started heading towards the north-west direction. At 6.28pm, the Tokyo Air Traffic Controller asked the pilots to turn left, but received the message from the pilots, "now uncontrollable." By then, the plane was moving in a way called the phugoid motion, climbing until losing speed and stalling, then the nose goes down and gaining speed until the plane is able to climb again. The phugoid motion repeated itself until the end of the flight.

At 6.31pm, the air traffic controller asked the crew to land at Nagoya Airport, which was 72 miles (about 133 km) from their location. However, the pilots wanted to return to Tokyo. Between 6.35pm and 6.56pm, the pilots struggled to control the plane without the tail. This failed, as the plane flew uncontrollably towards the mountains.

At 6.56pm, the plane's right wing hit a ridge. The aircraft then flew on, crashed into a second ridge, and exploded. 520 people died, while 4 people survived.

The time taken for the plane to crash after the bulkhead failure is 32 minutes. The accident was the worst in aviation history involving explosive decompression.

Oncogene

An oncogene is a gene that has the potential to cause cancer. Or, equally good, an oncogene is a gene which brings about uncontrolled cell division.

Oncogenes in tumor cells are often mutated or expressed at high levels.

Most normal cells undergo a programmed form of death (apoptosis). Activated oncogenes can cause those cells designated for apoptosis to survive and proliferate instead. Most oncogenes require an additional step, such as mutations in another gene, or environmental factors, such as viral infection, to cause cancer. Since the 1970s, dozens of oncogenes have been identified in human cancer. Many cancer drugs target the proteins coded by oncogenes.

In 1976 J. Michael Bishop and Harold E. Varmus of the University of California, San Francisco showed that oncogenes were activated proto-oncogenes, found in many organisms including humans. For this discovery Bishop and Varmus were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1989.

The work of Bishop and Varmus corrected a long-standing error. The Nobel citation includes this explanation:

In fact, the reverse transcription of the virus RNA into DNA had the effect that the oncogenes become integrated into the chromosomal DNA in the cells. It was then found that oncogene-like material could be detected in different species throughout the animal kingdom, in fact even in simple organisms with only a few cells. Furthermore, it was shown that the gene had a fixed position in the chromosomes of a certain species, and that the gene, when it constituted part of the cellular genetic material, was divided into fragments.

A proto-oncogene is a normal gene that can become an oncogene due to mutations or increased expression. The resultant protein can be called an oncoprotein. Proto-oncogenes code for proteins that help to regulate cell growth and differentiation. Proto-oncogenes are often involved in signal transduction and execution of mitogenic signals, usually through their protein products. Upon "activation", a proto-oncogene (or its product) becomes a tumor-inducing agent, an oncogene.

The MYC gene is implicated in Burkitt's Lymphoma. This starts when a chromosomal translocation moves an enhancer sequence close to the MYC gene. The MYC gene codes for widely used transcription factors. When the enhancer sequence is wrongly placed, these transcription factors are produced at much higher rates. Another example of an oncogene is the Bcr-Abl gene found on the 'Philadelphia Chromosome'. This is a piece of genetic material seen in Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia, caused by the translocation of pieces from chromosomes 9 and 22. Bcr-Abl codes for a receptor tyrosine kinase, which is active, causing uncontrolled cell proliferation.

Roger Neilson

Roger Paul Neilson, CM (June 16, 1934 – June 21, 2003) was a National Hockey League coach, and was responsible for many victories in the game. He is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame in the builder category.

Neilson was born in Toronto, Ontario. After attending North Toronto Collegiate Institute, his coaching career began as a student at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, and continued upon graduation with a degree in Physical Education in both hockey and baseball.

Neilson died on June 21, 2003 from bone and skin cancer in Peterborough, Ontario, aged 69.


Are All Men Pedophiles?

Are All Men Pedophiles? is a 2012 documentary movie about pedophilia and hebephilia. It was directed and written by Jan-Willem Breure.

"Are All Men Pedophiles?" was premiered (shown for the first time) at the Queens World Film Festival in New York City on March 2, 2012.

Anthony Daniels

Anthony Daniels (born 21 February 1946) is an English actor. He plays the droid C-3PO in the "Star Wars" series and he is the only person to appear in all 11 Star Wars films.

Daniels was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England on 21 February 1946.


Kenny Baker

Kenneth George "Kenny" Baker (24 August 1934 – 13 August 2016) was an English actor and musician. He played R2-D2 in the "Star Wars" movie series.

Baker was born on 24 August 1934 in Birmingham, West Midlands. He died on 13 August 2016.


Will Forte

Orville Willis "Will" Forte IV (born June 17, 1970), is an American actor, comedian, writer and producer. He is one of the cast members for "Saturday Night Live" (2002–2010). 

He then starred on its spin-off movie "MacGruber". He is also known as Paul L'Astnamé in "30 Rock" and David Grant in "Nebraska".


Phil Lord and Chris Miller

Phil Lord and Chris Miller (Phil: born April 21, 1977 in Miami, Florida, Chris: born September 23, 1975 in Everett, Washington) are American movie and television writers, producers, directors, actors and former animators. They are known for directing "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", "21 Jump Street", "The Lego Movie", and "22 Jump Street".


South African Air Force

The South African Air Force (SAAF) is the air force of the South African National Defence Force.

The South African Air Force goes back to 1912, when the Union Defence Force (UDF) was created. The UDF had included the South African Aviation Corps (SAAC), which was part of the Active Citizen Force (ACF). On 1 February 1920, the South African Air Force was created. The SAAF fought in several battles during World War II, the Korean War, and the South African Border War.

The South African Air Force has about 226 aircraft and 11,245 active military personnel. The aircraft are mostly European-made. However some, such as the Denel Rooivalk and the Atlas Oryx were designed and built in South Africa. The Swedish Saab JAS 39 Gripen is the standard aircraft of the Air Force.

South African Military Health Service

The South African Military Health Service (SAMHS) is the branch of the South African National Defence Force responsible for medical facilities and the training and deployment of all medical personnel within the military. This is unusual, because most national militaries have their medical structures integrated into their existing service branches. The SAHMS plays a large part to control HIV/AIDS in the SANDF.

The SAHMS was called the South African Medical Service (SAMS) before 1998.

Navajo

The Navajo people (Navajo: Diné or Naabeehó) are a tribe of Native Americans from the southwestern part of the United States. The Navajo tribe has about 300,000 members. The capital is in Window Rock, Arizona. It is the second largest tribe in the United States. The Navajo Nation is an independent government that runs a large Native American reservation in parts of Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. Many Navajo live there, but not all of them. Most Navajo speak English. Some speak the Navajo language. The Navajo have many things in common with the Apache tribe and the two groups may share a common ancestry.

The Navajo Nation works to maintain an economy for a population of 250,000 plus members. The discovery of oil on Navajo lands in the 1920s started the tribe towards building a systematic form of government. A tribal government was established in 1923 to deal with oil exploration. The Navajo Nation is currently the largest and most sophisticated form of Native American government. The Navajo Nation has become a wealthy nation in its own right.

The Navajo language is called Diné. It is a tonal language, meaning that a word may mean something different if said with a different pitch. About 150,000 people speak Diné. Diné is very difficult to learn because the speaker has to understand the relationships between different things.

Much of the Navajo culture, religion and other beliefs say everything in the world is connected and everything has a spirit.

The Navajo culture involves many different ceremonies. Some are short. The longest can take nine days. There are ceremonies to make sick people well and solve other problems. When a Navajo person becomes sick, he or she might go to a modern doctor or hospital, might pay a medicine man to sing a healing ceremony, or might do both.

Many Navajo people are more comfortable with not talking than most Americans and would rather just touch hands than do a full handshake. In a Navajo conversation, it is all right to take a long time to answer a question and it is important not to interrupt the other person. Some Navajo do not like to make eye contact.

Navajo culture has clans. Sons and daughters are in the same clan their mother is in. When meeting a new person, a Navajo will usually say their own clan and their father's clan. Navajo culture does not allow people to marry other people from the same clan. Navajo people usually think of anyone from the same clan as a brother, sister or cousin. Originally, there were four Navajo clans, but there are more now.

The number four is in many parts of Navajo culture: Four seasons, four clans at first, four directions, and four holy mountains.

Most Navajo wear modern American clothing most of the time but put on traditional clothes for special occasions. For women, traditional clothes are a "tl'aakal" skirt with a long-sleeve "deiji'éé"' shirt and shawl with moccasins. For men, traditional clothes are a white pants and silver or turquoise "dootl’izhii" jewelry with a headband and shirt, and moccasins. Both men and women tie their hair into a bun on the back of the head.

The Navajo Nation Fair is in Window Rock, Arizona every year in September. It is the largest Native American fair in the United States. It has a rodeo, a parade, Navajo music and dance contests and the Miss Navajo Nation beauty pageant.

In 1959, the Navajo Tribal Council started a newsletter. It grew into the "Navajo Times" newspaper. In the 21st century alone, the "Navajo Times" has won awards from the Arizona Press Club, Arizona Newspaper Association, and Native American Journalists Association. This included awards for writing, its website and photography.

The Navajo got sheep and goats after the Spanish brought them to North America. This might be why their culture changed from Apache culture. They became very good at raising sheep and goats and making cloth from sheep's wool. In Navajo culture, the official owner of the sheep was usually a woman and not a man. The Navajo also had horses and cows.

During the Great Depression, the United States government saw that Navajo and Hopi land was overgrazed and decided to "reduce" the number of sheep and goats. They did not ask the Navajo what they thought. They took sheep and goats away from the Navajo. Some of the animals were sold, but for less than half what they were worth. Some of the animals were killed and their meat processed and returned to the owners. Some of the animals were set on fire in front of their owners.

In his book about his own life, "Code Talker", Chester Nez wrote that the Great Livestock Massacre hurt the work ethic of the Navajo people because it meant no matter how hard you worked to build your family's herd, the government could take it away.

According to Navajo traditional beliefs, the Navajo came into the world, which they call "the glittering world," after passing through three other worlds. According to historians and anthropologists, the Navajo were not the first humans to live in the Four Corners area, but they were already there in 1492. The Spanish made contact with the Navajo in 1581.

Like many other Native American tribes, the Navajo suffered after white colonists came to the area. After the Spanish-American War in the 1840s, the United States took over the land where the Navajo lived. Many Navajo died during the Long Walk, or Hwé​eldi Baa Hane', in 1864. The Long Walk was when the United States government made many Navajo leave their homes and go to Bosque Redondo Reservation. It was not a real reservation; it was a camp with soldiers to keep people from leaving. Although they were allowed to go back years later, many died during the journey and during their time away.

The Navajo Nation government, called the Navajo Tribal Council, was established in 1923. One of the reasons for this was that oil had been discovered on Navajo land. The first election was in 1938. In 1989, the government was changed to have three branches, judicial, legislative, and executive. It is now the largest Native American government in the world.

During the 20th century, many Navajo families lost much of their wealth in the Great Livestock Massacre.

Navajo code talkers were bilingual Navajo speakers who were recruited during World War II by the U.S. Marines. They served in their standard communications units in the Pacific Theater. The Navajo code was created by the first 29 Navajo recruits in May of 1942. About 400 Navajos were trained as code talkers. Their training was intense and all 17 pages of the code had to be memorized. From 1942 to 1945 Navajo Code Talkers took part in every Marine assault in the Pacific Theatre. Navajos served in all six Marine divisions plus parachute units and the Marine Raider battalions. The Navajo Code worked much faster than Morse Code, minutes instead of hours. They transmitted messages on the battlefield including orders, troop movements and logistics. While the Japanese were able to break codes used by the United States Army and the United States Army Air Corps, they were never able to break the Marine codes. Even a Navajo soldier captured during the Battle of Bataan could not figure out the code for the Japanese. Major Howard Connor, a 5th Marine Division signal officer at Iwo Jima stated: "Were it not for the Navajos, the Marines would never have taken Iwo Jima."

The United States Military used the Navajo code in the Korean War and in the beginning of the Vietnam War, so they kept the code a secret. During the late 1960s, the United States stopped using the code, and declassified it in 1968, meaning it was no longer a secret. The code talkers were then allowed to talk about what they had done.

On September 17, 1992, the Navajo code talkers of World War II were honored for their contributions at the Pentagon in Washington, DC. The long delay was due to the Navajo code being Classified information.


Division of St George

The Division of St George was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1949. It was abolished in 1993. It was named for the suburb of St George. It was located in the suburbs of Hurstville, Rockdale and Arncliffe. The Division of Watson replaced it when it was abolished.

Balu Mahendra

Balanathan Benjamin "Balu" Mahendran (20 May 1939 – 13 February 2014) was an Indian filmmaker, screenwriter, editor and cinematographer. He was born and raised in Batticaloa, Sri Lanka. He began his career in 1971, and made his break in 1977. He produced over twenty films in Hindi, Telugu, Malayalam and Tamil.

Mahendra died from a heart attack on 13 February 2014 in Chennai, India. He was 74.

Robert H. Schuller

Robert Harold Schuller (September 16, 1926 – April 2, 2015) was an American televangelist, pastor, motivational speaker, and author. He is best known for the weekly "Hour of Power" television program which he began in 1970. He was also the founder of the Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove, California, where the "Hour of Power" program used to broadcast.

Schuller was born on September 16, 1926 in Alton, Iowa. He was of Dutch ancestry, and belonged to the Reformed Church in America. He married Arvella de Haan in 1950. They had five children together. She died on February 11, 2014.

Schuller died from complications of esophageal cancer in Artesia, California, aged 88.

Payback (2013)

Payback was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by the WWE. It was held on June 16, 2013 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the first Payback event held by the WWE. It replaced the No Way Out pay-per-view. 


Maxine Kumin

Maxine Kumin (June 6, 1925 – February 6, 2014) was an American poet and author. She became Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1981–1982.

Kumin died on February 6, 2014 in Warner, New Hampshire. She was 88. Her death came after a year of bad health. She had a husband, Victor, and three children.


J. Michael Bishop

John Michael Bishop (born February 22, 1936) is an American immunologist and microbiologist. He shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Harold Varmus and was co-winner of 1984 Alfred P. Sloan Prize. He currently serves as an active faculty member at the University of California, San Francisco.

Bishop is best known for his Nobel-winning work on retroviral oncogenes. Working with Varmus in the 1980s, he discovered the first human oncogene, c-Src. 

Their findings showed how malignant tumors are formed from changes to the normal genes of a cell. These changes can be produced by viruses, by radiation, or by exposure to some chemicals.

Harold Varmus

Harold Eliot Varmus (born December 18, 1939) is an American scientist. He won a Nobel Prize. He is the 14th and current Director of the National Cancer Institute. He was appointed to that post he was appointed to by President Barack Obama. 

Varmus was a co-recipient, with J. Michael Bishop, of the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discovery of the origin of retroviral oncogenes. Varmus described the work in his Nobel lecture.

He also serves as one of three co-Chairs of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.

Ostrobothnia (region)

Ostrobothnia is a region in western Finland. As of November 2013, there were about 180,000 people living there. In 2010, about 51% of people living in Ostrobothnia spoke Swedish as their first language.

15 municipalities, 6 of those are cities (marked bold).



Central Ostrobothnia

Central Ostrobothnia is a region in western Finland. As of November 2013, almost 70,000 people lived there. Neighbouring regions are Ostrobothnia, Northern Ostrobothnia, Central Finland and Southern Ostrobothnia.

Central Ostrobothnia has 8 municipalities, two of those are cities (marked bold).



Southwest Finland

Southwest Finland is a region in Finland. As of November 2013, there were about 471,000 people living there. Neighbouring regions are Kanta-Häme, Pirkanmaa, Satakunta, Uusimaa and the Åland Islands.

Southwest Finland has 28 municipalities, 11 of those are cities, listed below.


Three municipalities:


South Ostrobothnia

Southern Ostrobothnia is a region in western Finland. As of 2013, about 194,000 people lived there. The City of Seinäjoki is the center of the Southern Ostrobothnia. 

Neighbouring regions are Ostrobothnia, Central Ostrobothnia, Central Finland, Pirkanmaa and Satakunta.

Southern Ostrobothnia has 18 municipalities, 8 of those are cities, listed below.



Prince Escalus

Prince Escalus is a character in William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet". He is the Prince of Verona. He holds authority over the Montague and Capulet families who are . He is related to both Mercutio, Romeo's friend, and Count Paris, the proposed fiancé of Juliet. He first punishes Capulet and Montague for the quarrel between Tybalt, Benvolio, and a handful of servants. In his next appearance he is too late to stop the fatal fight between Romeo and Tybalt. After Romeo kills Tybalt, Prince Escalus banishes him from Verona. Prince Escalus returns in the final scene after the suicides of Romeo and Juliet, and at last orders the lords of the feuding families to make peace. The two make peace. Then Montague promises to make a golden statue of Juliet. Capulet promises to place a golden statue of Romeo next to the statue of their daughter.

Margaret Battye

Margaret Battye (9 August 1909 – 16 November 1949) was an Australian lawyer. She became influential in politics, business, and the legal advancement of women. Battye was the first woman to represent a client and begin a legal practice in Western Australia. 

Battye died of thyrotoxicosis in 1949.


Mirkka Rekola

Mirkka Elina Rekola (26 June 1931 – 5 February 2014) was a Finnish writer from Tampere. She published poems, aphorisms and essays. Her poetry was called "difficult". Many people read her work as late as in the 1990s. She was awarded many times.

Rekola died on 5 February 2014 in Helsinki. She was 82.


Bridge Creek, Oklahoma

Bridge Creek is a small town in Grady County in the US state of Oklahoma. As of the 2020 US census, about 336 people lived there.

Bridge Creek was made a town in 2000. It is part of an area of northern McClain and Grady Counties sometimes called the "Tri-City Area" with Newcastle, Tuttle and Blanchard.

Montgomery Gentry

Montgomery Gentry was an American country music band. It was started in 1998. The band is made up of vocalists Eddie Montgomery and Troy Gentry. Both are from Kentucky. The duo is known for its Southern rock influences. They have collaborated with Charlie Daniels, Toby Keith, Five for Fighting, and members of the Allman Brothers Band. In 1999, they were awarded Favorite New Artist—Country at the American Music Awards. Both the Academy of Country Music and Country Music Association named them Duo of the Year in 2000. They have been been nominated for this award by both associations in every year until 2016. 

In 2009, they were inducted into the Grand Ole Opry.

Troy Gentry died in a helicopter crash on September 8, 2017, aged 50.


Coronon, Davao del Sur

Coronon, Davao del Sur is a barangay of Santa Cruz, Davao del Sur, Philippines. It is on the coast of Mindanao. Coronon's barangay captain is Proceso Gido II (Jun Gido). Coronon is next to the Mt. Apo Natrual Park Area.

Coronon contains the Coronon River I, Coronon River II and the Coronon River III.

Coronon has a favorable climate all year round. It has wet and dry seasons. It is inside the typhoon belt. Generally the months of November to April are dry periods. Wet season occurs from May to October. This type of climate is in the plain and coastal areas. Rainfall is more or less evenly distributed throughout the year. Most often in Coronon, heavy downpour occurs every afternoon while in the morning the sun shines.

Population census of Coronon

Source: National Statistics Office (2014)

The languages spoken in Coronon are Tagalog, Cebuano, Mansakan and English.

"Agriculture"... Among agriculture crops, coconut leads in production followed by banana and sugarcane. Other major crops are corn, coffee and vegetables. The barangay also produces high value fruits like mango, lanzones and durian. Cattle leads in livestock production.

"Fisheries"... The 24-kilometer long coastline of Coronon which forms part of the Davao Gulf provides a rich fishing grounds and is suitable for aquaculture.

"Mineral"... Deposits of sulfur ore, rock phosphate, guano, limestone and cement raw materials were also traced but still have to be tapped for commercial and industrial uses.

"Forestry"... Tropical evergreen and other timber cover the vast timberland and forest area. Rattan, bamboo and other vines are also in abundance.

Banana, Coconut and Seaweed cultivation.





John Tower

John Goodwin Tower (September 29, 1925 – April 5, 1991) was an American politician. He was the first Republican United States senator from Texas since Reconstruction. 

He served from 1961 until his retirement on January 3, 1985, after which time he was appointed as the chairman of the Reagan-appointed Tower Commission that investigated the Iran-Contra Affair. He was George Herbert Walker Bush's nominee for Secretary of Defense in 1989 but was rejected by the Senate, 53–47.

On April 5, 1991, Tower and his middle daughter, Marian, and the astronaut Sonny Carter were killed along with twenty other people in the crash of Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311.


Al Jaffee

Abraham Jaffee (March 13, 1921 – April 10, 2023), known as Al Jaffee, was an American cartoonist. He was known for his work in the satirical magazine "Mad", including his trademark feature, the Mad Fold-in. Jaffee was a regular in the magazine after 58 years and was its longest-running contributor. Only one issue of "Mad" has been published since 1964 without containing new material by Jaffee.

Jaffee was born March 13, 1921 in Savannah, Georgia.

Jaffee died of multiple organ failure on April 10, 2023, at a New York City hospital. He was 102.


Ralph Waite

Ralph Waite (June 22, 1928 – February 13, 2014) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as John Walton, Sr., on the 1970s CBS TV series "The Waltons". He played the slave ship third mate Slater in the mini-series "Roots".

Waite died on February 13, 2014, aged 85, from natural causes 


Georgy Martyniuk

Georgy Yakovlevich Martyniuk (Russian: Гео́ргий Я́ковлевич Мартыню́к; 3 March 1940 – 13 February 2014) was a Russian movie and theater actor.

He was born in Orenburg on 3 March 1930. Martyniuk graduated from the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts in 1962. In 2003, he received the People's Artist of Russia honor.

He was married to actress Valentina Martyniuk (Russian: Валентина Мартынюк). He died on 13 February 2014 in Moscow, after a long illness in Moscow, Russia.

Stasi

The Stasi was the official state security service of East Germany, the German Democratic Republic in short the GDR. The Stasi motto was ""Schild und Schwert der Partei"" (Shield and Sword of the Party). "The Party" was the ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany. The main job of the Stasi was to prevent opposition to the Party.

It was one of the most effective and ruthless secret police agencies in the world. The Stasi headquarter were in East Berlin, with a group of buildings in Lichtenberg and several other buildings in Berlin. 

One of its main tasks was spying on the people, through a vast network of citizens who were informants ("snitches"). Informants were paid, or given favours for their information. 

The Stasi also worked as an intelligence agency abroad, using espionage and covert operations in foreign countries. Under its long-time head Markus Wolf it got a reputation as one of the most effective intelligence agencies of the Cold War. 

The Stasi was also tasked with counter-intelligence. They were responsible for stopping foreign-intelligence services from working in GDR.

After German reunification in 1990, many Stasi officials were prosecuted for their crimes. The files that the Stasi had kept on millions of East Germans were laid open. Now citizens can see their personal files on request; these files are kept by the Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Archives.

International Institute of Hotel Management

International Institute of Hotel Management (IIHM) is a chain of hospitality and hotel management schools. It was founded in 1994 at Kolkata, India. IIHM has campus sites at Kolkata, Bangalore, Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Ahmedabad and in Bangkok, Thailand. The school offers a Bachelor's degree in International Hospitality Management. A large number of students study at these campuses. Students also may complete their degree at Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh or the University of West London, in London.

Langar

The Langar () is a common kitchen where food is served at a Sikh temple ("Gurdwara"). The concept of Langar was introduced by Guru Nanak, who was the founder of Sikhism and also the first Guru. Because of Guru Nanak's belief in the oneness of humanity and equality, he offered free meals to everyone. Every Gurdwara has a Temple, as required by the Guru Granth Sahib, and the food is served to all the visitors for free. At all Langar, only vegetarian food is served. It usually consists of bread (poori), yogurt and lentils. Samosas and spring rolls are served on special occasions. Kheer may be served as a dessert.

Langar around the world are serving food to those in need everyday, and have done so for over the past 500 years. They are open to people of all castes, class, gender and religions. After a person eats at the Langar, they are not supposed to eat meat for the rest of the day.

Siilinjärvi

Siilinjärvi is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. It had almost 21,600 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kuopio, Lapinlahti and Maaninka.

Siilinjärvi was established 1925.

Aappola, Hakkarala, Hamula, Heinämäki, Jälä, Jännevirta, Kaaraslahti, Kasurila, Kehvo, Koivumäki, Koivusaari, Kolmisoppi, Kumpunen, Kuuslahti, Lehdonkylä, Pajujärvi, Pöljä, Rissala, Räimä, Siimes and Väänälänranta.


Pope Telesphorus

Pope Telesphorus was the seventh Pope of the Catholic Church, the official title is Bishop of Rome from approximately 125-136 C.E.

This Pope was born in Calabria to Greek parents and there is a parish church dedicated to him today. 

Earlier in his life he worked with the hermits of Mount Carmel in Palestine and is still remembered in the Carmelite Order of Monks. He is credited with the custom of the Midnight Mass, celebrated at Christmas and for the period of reflection during the season of Lent but this is disputed. He celebrated Easter on Sundays whereas many early Catholics were observing the Jewish custom and celebrating it on Passover.

His martydom under the Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius can be confirmed. He was made a Saint by the Catholic Church. His feast days are celebrated on January 5, February 3 and 22. 

Maaninka

Maaninka is a former municipality in the middle of Northern Savonia, Finland. It had over 3,750 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Iisalmi, Kuopio, Lapinlahti, Pielavesi, Siilinjärvi and Tervo.

Maaninka was established in 1872. It was merged with the city of Kuopio on 1 January 2015.


Pope Hyginus

Pope Hyginus was the eighth Pope of the Catholic Church (the official title is Bishop of Rome). He served around 138142 AD. Hyginus was a Greek born in Athens.

He served as Pope during the heretical teachings of the Gnostics. Heresy is a belief or opinion that does not agree with the official belief or opinion of a particular religion. The Gnostics taught that Yahweh, (the Old Testament name for God) and Jesus Christ were two different Gods. This was against the Catholic Church teachings. Hyginus declared these men, Valentinus and Cerdo, to be heretics.

Pope Hyginus died a martyr. He was made a Saint by the Catholic Church. His feast day is celebrated on January 11.

Savassi

Savassi is a neighborhood in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. It is in the central-south zone of the city. It has many bars, nightclubs, and restaurants. It has a busy and well developed shopping district and several shopping malls. Savassi is one of the most prestigious areas in Belo Horizonte. It used to be a region inside the traditional and wealthy Funcionários neighborhood. In 2006, it was changed by the Town House before the meeting of the Inter-American Development Bank, which happened the same year.

Pallastunturi

Pallastunturi is the southestern part of a 50 kilometre-long mountain chain in Lapland, Finland. It is a group of seven fells located in Muonio and Enontekiö municipalities.


Muonio

Muonio is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of January 2014, about 2,385 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Enontekiö, Kittilä and Kolari. On the western side of it is Sweden. Distance to Tornio is about 260 km and to Kilpisjärvi, 200 km. There are a lot of lakes in the area of Muonio.


Keminmaa

Keminmaa is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of 2013, the municipality had a population of about 8,550. Neighbouring municipalities are Kemi, Simo, Tervola and Tornio.


Tervola

Tervola is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of January 2014, the municipality had a population of about 3,320. Neighbouring municipalities are Keminmaa, Ranua, Rovaniemi, Simo, Tornio and Ylitornio.


Division of Phillip

The Division of Phillip was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1949. It was abolished in 1993. It was named after Captain Arthur Phillip, the captain of the Firth Fleet and the first Governor of New South Wales. It was located in the suburbs of Bondi, Coogee, Kensington, and Randwick. 

Chemical synapse

Chemical synapses are synapses that use chemical messengers called neurotransmitters to transmit signals. They are found all over the body. Especially in the central nervous system and the brain.

Neurons use electrical signals to carry information. These signals are called action potentials. There are an estimated 86 billion neurons in the average human brain. Neurons don't act alone. They need to connect to other neurons and pass messages between each other. The electrical signal cannot pass the gap between neurons alone. This is why neurotransmitters are needed to pass signals from one neuron to the next. In this sense they differ from electrical synapses which pass electric signals directly to the next neuron. Chemical synapses can be further classified depending upon function and structure.

The structure of a typical chemical synapse comes in three parts: 


Division of Nepean

The Division of Nepean was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1949. It was abolished in 1993. It was named after British politician Evan Nepean. It was located in the suburbs of Granville, Lithgow, Penrith. 

Division of Martin

The Division of Martin was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1922. It was abolished in 1955. It was named after Sir James Martin, former Premier of New South Wales. It was located in inner western Sydney. It was also located in Concord and Mortlake. By the time it was abolished, the division of Martin had spread to Abbotsford, Balmain and Drummoyne. 

Division of Lawson

The Division of Lawson was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1949. It was abolished in 1969. It was named after Henry Lawson, an Australian author. It was located in the north-west of New South Wales. It was also located in the towns of Coonabarabran, Dubbo and Mudgee. 

Waterloo, Ontario

Waterloo, Ontario is a city in Southern Ontario, Canada. It is very close to the city of Kitchener, Ontario. Kitchener and Waterloo are often referred to together as "Kitchener-Waterloo", or "KW". They are sometimes called "the Tri-City" (to include the City of Cambridge). All three have separate city governments.

The University of Waterloo and Wilfred Laurier University are in Waterloo. The headquarters of mobile phone maker BlackBerry is there.
Waterloo has a population of 97,475 (as of 2006). University of Waterloo is marked the 4th best university in Canada. (Wilfred Laurier is 30th)

Ronnie Claire Edwards

Ronnie Claire Edwards (February 9, 1933 – June 14, 2016) was an American actress. She was best known for playing Corabeth Walton Godsey on the TV show "The Waltons".

Edwards was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on February 9, 1933.

She also appeared the in "" episode "Thine Own Self" and the 1999 remake of "Inherit The Wind".

Edwards died in her sleep on June 14, 2016 at her home in Dallas, Texas, aged 83.


Earl Hamner Jr.

Earl Henry Hamner Jr. (July 10, 1923 – March 24, 2016) was an American television writer and producer (sometimes credited as Earl Hamner). He was best known for his work in the 1970s and 1980s on the long-running CBS series "The Waltons" and "Falcon Crest".

Hamner died of cancer on March 24, 2016 in Los Angeles, California, aged 92.


Ken Jones

Ken Jones (20 February 1930 – 13 February 2014) was an English actor.

Jones was born in Liverpool, England on 20 February 1930. He appeared in many movies and television programmes and played a lead character in the British sitcom "The Squirrels" (1974-77), but may be best-known for his role as 'Horrible' Ives in "Porridge". 

Jones was married to actress Sheila Fay, also a native of Liverpool, from 30 October 1964 until her death on 31 August 2013. He died from bowel cancer on 14 February 2014, six days before his 84th birthday, in a nursing home in Prescot, Merseyside.

Mike Stepovich

Michael Anthony "Mike" Stepovich (March 12, 1919 – February 14, 2014) was an American lawyer and politician. Stepovich from 1957 to 1958, served as the last Governor of Alaska Territory. 

Stepovich was born to Michael and Olga (Barta) Stepovich in Fairbanks, Alaska on March 12, 1919. He studied at the University of Portland, at Gonzaga University, and at Notre Dame Law School. Stepovich was married to Matilda Baricevic until his death in 2014.

Following his education and military service during World War II, Stepovich created a law practice in his home town of Fairbanks, Alaska and began his political career by winning three terms in the Alaska Territorial legislature. 

During his term as governor, he was a leading advocate in the effort to gain statehood for Alaska. Following Alaska's admission to the union, he made an unsuccessful run for a U.S. Senate seat and two unsuccessful attempts to be elected Governor of Alaska.

He was hospitalized after suffering a head injury on February 8, 2014 as result of a fall while visiting his son in San Diego, California, aged 94.


Gillo Dorfles

Gillo Dorfles (12 April 1910 – 2 March 2018) was an Italian art critic, painter, and philosopher. Dorfles graduated in medicine, specializing in psychiatry. He was a professor in aesthetics at the University of Trieste, Milan and Cagliari. In 1948, he co-founded the Movimento per l'arte concreta (MAC) with artists Atanasio Soldati, Galliano Mazzon, Gianni Monnet, and Bruno Munari.

Dorfles was born on 12 April 1910 in Trieste. He died on 2 March 2018 at 107 years old in Milan.


Elizabeth Wilson

Elizabeth Welter Wilson (April 4, 1921 – May 9, 2015) was a Tony Award-winning American actress. She appeared in movies such as "Picnic" (1955), "The Goddess" (1958), "The Tunnel of Love" (1958), "A Child Is Waiting" (1963), "The Birds" (1963), "The Graduate" (1967), "Catch-22" (1970), "The Day of the Dolphin" (1973), "The Prisoner of Second Avenue" (1975), "9 to 5" (1980), "Grace Quigley" (1985), "Regarding Henry" (1991), "The Addams Family" (1991), "Quiz Show" (1994), and "Hyde Park on Hudson" (2012).

Wilson was born on April 4, 1921, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. She was of English and German ancestry. She was elected to the Theatre Hall of Fame in 2007. Wilson died at her home in New Haven, Connecticut, aged 94.

Suomussalmi

Suomussalmi is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had almost 8,700 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Taivalkoski, Puolanka, Hyrynsalmi and the cities Kuusamo, Pudasjärvi and Kuhmo.

Suomussalmi was established in 1867.


Sääksmäki

Sääksmäki is a former municipality of Finland. It was merged with Valkeakoski in 1973. Before that, the municipalities next to it were Kalvola, Lempäälä, Pälkäne, Toijala, Tyrväntö (afterwards Hattula), Valkeakoski and Viiala. Its population from 1970 was almost 4,500.



MD

MD, Md, mD or md may refer to:










Juupajoki

Juupajoki is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. It had almost 2,050 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Jämsä, Mänttä-Vilppula, Orivesi and Ruovesi.

Juupajoki was established 1813.


Keuruu

Keuruu is a town and municipality in Central Finland. It is 60 km to the west of Jyväskylä. There were more than 10,300 people living there in January 2014. More than 10% of the area is water. Keuruu is next to the municipalities of Jämsä, Multia, Mänttä-Vilppula, Petäjävesi, Virrat and Ähtäri. 


Rene Ricard

Albert Napoleon "Rene" Ricard (July 23, 1946 – February 1, 2014) was an American poet, actor, art critic, and painter.

He was born on July 23, 1946 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was raised in Acushnet. At age eighteen, he became a protégé of Andy Warhol. He appeared in the Warhol movies "Kitchen" (1965), "Chelsea Girls" (1966), and "The Andy Warhol Story" (1966). In the 1980s, he wrote a series of influential essays for "Artforum" magazine. Ricard was openly gay. At the time of his death, he was living at the Hotel Chelsea in Manhattan, New York City with his partner, Rita Barros, a Portuguese artist and photographer.

He died from cancer on February 1, 2014 at the Bellevue Hospital Center in New York City. He was 67.


Seitseminen National Park

Seitseminen National Park is a national park in Pirkanmaa, Finland. It was established in 1982. It covers an area of about 45.5 square kilometres. The park is managed by Metsähallitus, which manages all state forests in Finland.

There were 40,500 visitors in 2010.

General Medical Council

The General Medical Council (GMC) is a fee-based registered charity with statutory obligation to maintain a register of medical practitioners within the United Kingdom. Registration with the GMC confers a number of privileges and duties.

There is a legal requirement for a register, the list of "registered medical practitioners" in Britain. That is the main job of the GMC. The GMC controls entry to the List of Registered Medical Practitioners ("the medical register"). "The main objective of the General Council in exercising their functions is to protect, promote and maintain the health and safety of the public".
Secondly, the GMC regulates and sets the standards for medical schools in the UK. It liaises with other nations' medical and university regulatory bodies over medical schools overseas, leading to some qualifications being mutually recognised. Since 2010, it also regulates postgraduate medical education.

Thirdly, the GMC is responsible for a licensing and revalidation system for all practising doctors in the UK, separate from the registration system. This was done by order of the Privy Council on 3 December 2012.

Citizens have a right to free choice in a democracy. Therefore, medical activities by an unregistered person is not absolutely banned:
However, most activities connected with being a doctor are effectively banned:

Kittilä

Kittilä is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 6,500 people lived there. The municipalities next to it are Enontekiö, Inari, Kolari, Muonio, Rovaniemi and Sodankylä. Kittilä has an airport, and a ski resort named Levi.

A large coal mine is in Kittilä. It is owned by the Canadian mining company: Agnico-Eagle. They have leased the mine until 2044. There is also a copper mine in Kittilä.

Kittilä was established 1854 by Olavi Rauhala, Vieno Suvanto and Johan Lahti. However, the earliest settlement of the area was long before.


Kilpisjärvi

Kilpisjärvi is a village in Enontekiö municipality in Lapland, Finland.

About 10 km west of Kilpisjärvi is Treriksröset. This is the point where the borders of Finland, Norway and Sweden meet. A monument was built at the exact point in 1926. It replaced an earlier marker built of stone in 1897.


Varkaus

Varkaus is a town in Northern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014 Varkaus had a population almost of 22,100 people. Neighbouring municipalities are Heinävesi, Joroinen, Leppävirta, Rantasalmi and Savonlinna.

The former municipality of Kangaslampi was merged with Varkaus on 1 January 2005.

In Joroinen is a small airport called "Varkauden lenteasema".


Hercules–Corona Borealis Great Wall

The Hercules–Corona Borealis Great Wall is the largest known superstructure in the universe.

It is a huge group of galaxies forming a giant sheet-like pattern which is about 10 billion light-years long, 7.2 billion light-years wide, and almost 1 billion light-years thick. It is about 10 billion light-years away in the constellations of Hercules and Corona Borealis, hence its name.

It was discovered in November 2013 by mapping gamma-ray bursts. They are very luminous explosions of distant, massive stars, the most powerful explosions in the universe. A typical burst releases more energy in less than a tenth of a second than the Sun will in its whole life of 10 billion years. 

Gamma-ray bursts are very rare: only one happens in a typical galaxy every few million years. The stars which cause these explosions are very massive, so the material required for them to be formed must be in great amounts. So, these explosions can be used to track down if there is a galaxy in that direction, or there is a large group of matter in there.

Between the years of 1997 to 2012, astronomers mapped these bursts in the sky, with the help of the robotic satellites Swift and Fermi which look for gamma-ray bursts and measure their redshifts. In the map they produced, they noticed something interesting; 14 gamma-ray bursts have very similar redshifts and are very close to each other. This means that there is a very large group of galaxies and matter in the region. They say, measuring these bursts comes up with a very large structure measuring 10 billion light-years in diameter.

For comparison, the Milky Way, the galaxy we live in, measures only 200,000 light-years, and the distance from the Milky Way to the Andromeda Galaxy measures only 2.5 million light-years. The Huge-LQG (the Huge Large Quasar Group), the previous largest structure in the universe, is 4 billion light-years long.

The discovery of the Hercules–Corona Borealis Great Wall contradicts a theory proposed by Albert Einstein known as the cosmological principle. The cosmological principle says that the entire universe is approximately equal; any two regions in the universe will look very similar, even if those two regions are very far apart, assuming those regions have sizes larger than 250 to 300 million light-years. Maximum sizes of structures must be around 1.2 billion light-years based on the meaning above, and no structure must be larger than that, assuming that matter is spread equally from the Big Bang. However, the structure is eight times larger than the limit, contradicting the cosmological principle.

The structure also contradicts theories about the evolution of the universe. The structure is 10 billion light-years away, which means that we see the structure 10 billion years ago, when the universe is only 13.8 billion years old, and its light was just approaching us. The 3.8 billion year span of time is "too short for a giant structure 10 billion light-years long to form". Even Istvan Horvath, the discoverer of the structure, says he has no idea how the structure has formed in that amount of time. For now, the existence of the structure is still a mystery for cosmologists.

Bunny Rugs

William Clarke (6 February 1948 – 2 February 2014), better known by his stage names Bunny Rugs and Bunny Scott, was a Jamaican reggae musician. He was best known as a member of the band reggae band Third World.

He was born on 6 February 1948 in Mandeville. He was raised in the capital city, Kingston. He began his career in the mid-1960s. He was also at one time a member of the and Inner Circle and half of the duo Bunny & Ricky.

Clarke died from leukaemia on 2 February 2014 at an intensive care facility in Orlando, Florida in the United States. He was 65. He was outlived by his wife and eight children.

Academic art

Academic art was an artistic style that was popular from the 17th to the 19th century. Different art schools laid down rules on what a good painting or artwork shouls look like. Academic art was influenced by these rules, and was about applying them when creating a work of art. Academic art is a form of Realism in art. One of the main ideas that influenced academic art was that of Aristotle: A work of art should give a selective, but true copy of a part of reality. This idea was transformed into the concept of mimesis, or imitation. Together with thisidea, there were a number of subjects that were acceptable for painting or sculpture. Very often, the subjects came from mythology

The École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris had a lot of influence on the movement. At the time Neoclassicism and Romanticism were the main movements at the school. 

With later art styles, especially that of impressionism, academic art losts its importance.

Well known artists who painted in the academic art style include William-Adolphe Bouguereau, Alexandre Cabanel, Eugene de Blaas, Edward Poynter, Wilhelm Bendz and Alexander Ivanov.

Ahmed Dogan

Ahmed Demir Dogan (; born 29 March 1954) is a Bulgarian politician. He was chairman of the Movement for Rights and Freedoms (DPS) from 4 January 1990 to 19 January 2013.

Dogan was born on 29 March 1954 in Pchelarovo, Dobrich Province. He is of Turkish ancestry.

On 19 January 2013, a man tried to assault Dogan with a gun during a political meeting. While Dogan was talking to a large group of people from a podium, a man ran onto the stage and pointed a pistol within a foot of Dogan's head. The man used a gas pistol filled with pepper spray, but the gun did not fire. According to Bulgaria's deputy chief prosecutor, even if the gun had fired, pepper spray is not deadly. The man was tackled and wrestled to the ground by security guards and delegates. He was severely beaten for several minutes before being arrested. The entire event was captured on video. The man was identified as Oktai Enimehmedov, a Bulgarian national of Turkish descent.

Pertunmaa

Pertunmaa is a municipality in Southern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014 almost 1,850 people lived there. The municipalities next to it are Hartola, Heinola, Hirvensalmi, Mäntyharju and Joutsa. 

A story says that the municipality got its name from a man named Perttu. He was the only ruler in Pertunmaa.


Hämeenkoski

Hämeenkoski is a former municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. Almost 2,100 people lived there as of January 2014. Nearby municipalities include Asikkala, Hausjärvi, Hollola, Hämeenlinna and Kärkölä. On 1 January 2016, it was merged to the municipality of Hollola.

Until the 18th century, Hämeenkoski was called Etola. After that, its name was Koski HI. The name Hämeenkoski has been used since 1995.

Etola (Hämeenkoski), Hankala, Huhti, Huljala, Hyrkkälä, Hyväneula, Järvenpää (Hämeenkoski), Kaunkorpi, Koski (Hämeenkoski), Käikälä, Leiniälä, Miehola, Padonmaa (Palomaa), Porvola, Putula, Pätilä, Saapas, Tenhiälä, Toijala (Hämeenkoski) and Töykkylä.


Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg

Archduchess Sophie Chotek (1 March 1868 – 28 June 1914) was a Czech noble from the Bohemia. She was the wife of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria. She was killed by Gavrilo Princip when he tried to shoot Potiorek, the Austrian governor of Sarajevo. Princip also killed her husband, the Archduke. These killings are commonly said to have started World War I.


Hurricane Inez

Hurricane Inez was a very deadly late season hurricane. This storm happened late September to mid October 1966. Inez had winds of just over 150 miles an hour (almost Category 5 level). The storm went across Cuba, the Florida Keys, Hispaniola and Mexico. Inez killed over 1,000 people. It caused $226.5 million (1966 USD) in damage.

The name Inez was retired the next spring.

Nivala

Nivala is a city in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 10,950 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Haapajärvi, Haapavesi, Sievi and Ylivieska. The historical name of Nivala is "Pidisjärvi".


Hurricane Cleo

Hurricane Cleo was an intense hurricane that happened in late August-early September 1964. The highest winds speeds were measured at 140 miles per hour on 23 August. The storm went across Guadeloupe and Hispaniola, killing 214. It later struck from southeastern Florida to Virginia. Overall damage was just over $198 million in 1964 USD.

Due to high death count and severe damage, the name Cleo was retired in the spring of 1965.

Majesty

Majesty is an English word from the , meaning "greatness". It is a style of address. It is often used when directly addressing or referring to a monarch. The plural form is "Their Majesties". The style ranks above "Royal Highness".




Washington Hilton

The Washington Hilton, which was officially known as the Hilton Washington for a period in the early 21st century and is sometimes referred to ironically as the Hinckley Hilton by locals, is a hotel in Washington, D.C. It is located at 1919 Connecticut Avenue, N.W., roughly at the boundaries of the Kalorama, Dupont Circle, and Adams Morgan neighborhoods.

The hotel was the site of the assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan by John Hinckley, Jr. on March 30, 1981. The attempt occurred at the hotel's T Street NW exit.


Gary Merrill

Gary Merrill (2 August 1915 – 5 March 1990) was an American movie and television character actor. His credits included more than fifty feature movies, a half dozen mostly short-lived TV series, and dozens of televisions guest star appereances. Merrill starred in "All about Eve" and married his co-star, Bette Davis.

Herbert Blöcker

Herbert Blöcker (1 January 1943 – 15 February 2014) was a German equestrian and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in eventing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

He was born in Schleswig-Holstein. In 2008, both he and his Olympic horse, "Feine Dame", were inducted into the International Association of Eventing Hall of Fame. He died of cancer in 2014 at age 71 at Elmshorn.

Larry Speakes

Larry Melvin Speakes (September 13, 1939 — January 10, 2014) was an American journalist and politician. He was the acting press spokesman for the White House under President Ronald Reagan. He held the position from 1981 to 1987.

Speakes died in Cleveland, Mississippi on January 10, 2014 after suffering from Alzheimer's disease, aged 74.


George Edward Akerson

George Edward Akerson (September 5, 1889 – December 21, 1937) was an American journalist and politician. He was the first official White House Press Secretary.

Akerson was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota on September 5, 1889. He studied at the University of Minnesota and Allegheny College. In 1910 Akerson started at Harvard University, later receiving a BA in Political Science in 1912.

Akerson married Harriet Blake, a Wellesley College graduate, on June 28, 1915. They had three sons.

Akerson developed kidney disease. He died on December 21, 1937 in New York City, New York, aged 48.



Briarcliff Manor, New York

Briarcliff Manor is a village in Westchester County, New York. The village is less than north of New York City. It is shared between the towns of Mount Pleasant and Ossining, and its ZIP code is 10510. The village is on the east bank of the Hudson River, and includes the communities of Scarborough and Chilmark.

The village motto is "A village between two rivers", because of Briarcliff Manor's location between the Hudson and Pocantico Rivers. Briarcliff Manor was founded by Walter William Law in 1902, and has grown from 331 people then to 7,867 in 2010.

The area was known as Whitson's Corners until Walter Law developed the village during the 1890s. A part of the village, including buildings and homes covering , is part of the Scarborough Historic District and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Briarcliff Manor celebrated its centennial on November 21, 2002.



Caroline Aaron

Caroline Aaron (earlier: Caroline Sidney Abady; born August 7, 1952) is an American actress. She played the character of Martha Ingels in the 1992 movie "This is My Life". She also played the part of Annie in "21 Jump Street" (a 2012 action comedy). She has a number of other acting roles to her credit in both film and television.

Aaron was born in Richmond, Virginia.

Jane Got a Gun

Jane Got a Gun is an American action western movie. The movie is about a woman named Jane being married to a bad man. Jane, however, longs for a man named Dan Frost. Natalie Portman plays Jane Hammond. The Weinstein Company will distribute the movie.

The movie was released on January 29, 2016.

Federico Campbell

Federico Campbell (1 July 1941 – 15 February 2014) was a Mexican author, reporter and journalist. Born in Tijuana he gained success after moving to Mexico City.

Campbell was born on 1 July 1941 in Tijuana, Baja California. Campbell was the son of Carmen Quiroz, a teacher, and Federico Campbell, a telegraph operator. His father's Scottish-American ancestors migrated to Mexico from Virginia in the 1830s. He had two sisters Sarina and Silvia Campbell Quiroz.

He was best known for the short story collection "Tijuanenses" ("Tijuana: Stories on the Border"). In 2000, he won the Colima Prize for Fiction with his book "Transpeninsular". In 1995, he was awarded the J. S. Guggenheim Fellowship. He has translated Harold Pinter, David Mamet and Leonardo Sciascia into Spanish. He also had one son, Federico Campbell Peña who, like his father, is a writer and a journalist.

Campbell died from a stroke on 15 February 2014 in Mexico City. He was 72.


Australia's Next Top Model (season 5)

The Fifth Cycle of Australia's Next Top Model was an Australian reality television program. It was broadcast on the Australian subscription television channel, FOX8. The cycle premiered on 28 April 2009. Auditions were held during October and November 2008 across Australia. Supermodel and television personality Sarah Murdoch took over as host for this cycle. She replaced Jodhi Meares, who resigned from hosting duties after cycle four finished. The competition was won by Tahnee Atkinson who defeated Cassi Van Den Dungen in the final.

Skyfall (song)

"Skyfall" is a song by Adele. It was used in a James Bond movie "Skyfall". The tone is dark and melancholy. It received the Best Original Song award at the 70th Golden Globes and 85th Academy Awards. The song hit #1 on some music charts across the world. It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, United States, and Canada.

The song was released at 0:07 British Summer Time on 5 October 2012.

Plamen Oresharski

Plamen Vasilev Oresharski (; born 21 February 1960) is a Bulgarian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Bulgaria from May 29, 2013 to August 6, 2014. He was Minister of Finance from 2005 to 2009 in the Cabinet of the Triple Coalition with Prime Minister Sergei Stanishev.

Nadine Gordimer

Nadine Gordimer (20 November 1923 – 13 July 2014) was a South African writer, political activist and recipient of the 1991 Nobel Prize in Literature. She was known as a woman "who through her magnificent epic writing has – in the words of Alfred Nobel – been of very great benefit to humanity". She was of Jewish descent.

Gordimer's writing helped abolishing apartheid in South Africa. She was active in the anti-apartheid movement, joining the African National Congress during the days when the organization was banned. Later on she was also active in HIV/AIDS causes.

Gordimer was one of 20 Nobel Laureates who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.
Gordimer was born near Springs, a small town outside of Johannesburg on 20 November 1923.

Gordimer died on 13 July 2014 at the age of 90.



Howard Hesseman

Howard Lex Hesseman (February 27, 1940 – January 29, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for playing disc jockey Johnny Fever on "WKRP in Cincinnati" and schoolteacher Charlie Moore on "Head of the Class".

Hesseman died on January 29, 2022 after having colon cancer-related surgery in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 81.

Jim Cummings

James Jonah "Jim" Cummings (born November 3, 1952) is an American voice actor. He has appeared in almost 400 roles on television and on movies. He appeared on many movies such as in "Aladdin", "The Lion King", "Antz", "The Road to El Dorado", "Shrek" and "The Princess and the Frog". He is best known for his work on "Darkwing Duck," Winnie the Pooh, Tigger and the Tasmanian Devil.




7 BC

Year 7 BC was a common year starting on Saturday or Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Nero and Piso.


Arthur Rankin Jr.

Arthur Gardner Rankin, Jr. (July 19, 1924 – January 30, 2014) was an American director, producer, and writer, who mostly worked in animation. He was a part of Rankin/Bass Productions with his partner Jules Bass, he created stop-motion animation features such as "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" and the 1977 cartoon animation of "The Hobbit". He is credited in over 1,000 television programs.

Arthur Gardner Rankin, Jr. was born on July 19, 1924 in New York City, New York. He was the son of actors, Arthur Rankin and Marian Mansfield. His grandparents, Harry Davenport and Phyllis Rankin, were also actors. He was of English and Irish ancestry.

Rankin died after a short illness on January 30, 2014 in Harrington Sound, Bermuda. He was 89. He was outlived by his wife, Greek actress Olga Karlatos and his two sons, Gardner and Todd.

9 BC

Year 9 BC was either a common year starting on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday or a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Drusus and Crispinus.




10 BC

Year 10 BC was either a common year starting on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday or a leap year starting on Tuesday or Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Maximus and Antonius.



11 BC

Year 11 BC was either a common year starting on Monday or Tuesday or a leap year starting on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Tubero and Maximus.



12 BC

Year 12 BC was either a common year starting on Saturday, Sunday or Monday or a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Messalla and Quirinius.




13 BC

Year 13 BC was either a common year starting on Friday, Saturday or Sunday or a leap year starting on Friday or Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Nero and Varus.




15 BC

Year 15 BC was either a common year starting on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Drusus and Piso.




Santa Cruz, Davao del Sur

Santa Cruz is a municipality in the Philippines. It is part of the province of Davao del Sur, on the island of Mindanao. There were about 91,000 people living in Santa Cruz in 2015.

The town is in the northern part of Davao del Sur. It is south of Davao City, the capital of the province. The municipality covers 6.7% of the total land area of Davao del Sur.

Santa Cruz is the oldest municipality in the province. It was founded on 5 October 1884, by Spanish explorers and missionaries. Most of the people in Santa Cruz today are either Muslim or Christian. The languages spoken in Santa Cruz are Cebuano, Tagalog, Mansakan, and English.

Santa Cruz is divided into 18 barangays.

Tammam Salam

Tammam Saeb Salam (تمام سلام born 1945) is a Lebanese politician. He served as minister of culture from 2008 to 2009. He was tasked with forming a new government on 6 April 2013. Salam was one of the Sunni politicians close to the pro-Syrian camp in Lebanon. Salam was finally elected Prime Minister on 15 February 2014.

Michel Suleiman

Michel Suleiman or Sleiman ( "", born 21 November 1948) is a Lebanese politician. He was the President of Lebanon from 2008 to 2014. Before becoming President, he served as Commander of the Lebanese Armed Forces from 1998 to 2008.

After Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) commander Émile Lahoud took office as President in November 1998, Suleiman succeeded him, taking his place in December. Suleiman was later elected President and was sworn into office on 25 May 2008.

Melanie Chartoff

Melanie Chartoff (born December 15, 1948) is an American actress. She played Lillah Warfield in "Wiseguy" on CBS. Also on CBS, she played Dr. Mary on "Newhart"

Chartoff was born in New Haven, Connecticut on December 15, 1948.

Sophie Blanchard

Sophie Blanchard (also Madame Blanchard; 25 March 1778 — 6 July 1819) was a French aeronaut and wife of ballooning pioneer Jean-Pierre Blanchard. She made many balloon flights.

Blanchard died at age 41. After a major accident in which her balloon caught fire, she fell to her death. She had been born in Paris.

Garrett Morris

Garrett Gonzalez Morris (born February 1, 1937) is an American comedian, educator, and actor. He was part of the original cast of the sketch comedy program "Saturday Night Live", appearing from 1975 to 1980. He also starred as Earl the Cashier on the sitcom "2 Broke Girls".


Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin

Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin (10 July 1922 – 8 March 2013) was a German Army officer in World War II and later worked as a publisher.

A member of the von Kleist family, his parents were active in the German resistance against Adolf Hitler. Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin, who lived to be 90, was the last surviving member of the 20 July 1944 plot to assassinate Hitler.

Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist died at his home in Munich on 8 March 2013 from natural causes. He was 90.


Sophie McShera

Sophie McShera (born 17 May 1985) is an English actress. She played pupil Ros McCain in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" from 2009 to 2010 and played kitchen maid Daisy Mason in the ITV historical drama series "Downtown Abbey" from 2010 to 2015. She also played Drizella in the 2015 fantasy adaptation of "Cinderella".

McShera was born in Bradford, Yorkshire.

Prairie Village, Kansas

Prairie Village is a city in northeast Kansas, very close to Kansas City. The 2020 census population was near 23,000. Construction of the Prairie Village began in 1941. The city was incorporated in 1951.

The city is in Johnson County.

Lenexa, Kansas

Lenexa is a city in Johnson County, Kansas United States. It is the 9th most populated city in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. In 2020, 57,434 people lived there. It is where Garmin was created. It is the regional headquarters of Kiewit Construction and the former headquarters of Applebee’s. It is bordered by the cities of Shawnee to the north, Overland Park to the east, De Soto to the west and Olathe to the south.

Lenexa is at (38.964689, -94.759535). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 57,434 people, 23,934 households, and 15,432 families living in Lenexa. Of the households, 57.0% owned their home and 43.0% rented their home.

The median age was 38.4 years. Of the people, 78.0% were White, 6.4% were Black, 4.1% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.9% were from some other race, and 8.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 48,190 people, 19,288 households, and 13,065 families living in Lenexa.

Garmin was created in Lenexa 

The City's 2015 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report says that the biggest employers in the city are:


Mantura

The mantura () is a wind musical instrument. It is originally from the Greek island of Crete. It has 4 to 6 holes for the fingers and makes sound with the help of the tongue. 


Mantura (beetle)

Mantura is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae.


Leawood, Kansas

Leawood is a city in eastern Kansas. It is close to Kansas City. In 2020, almost 34,000 people lived there. This city was named for Oscar G. Lee.

Leawood is located in Johnson County.

James Condon

James Thomas Condon (27 September 1923 – 14 February 2014) was an Australian actor. He made many television appearances on shows such as: "The Story of Peter Grey", "Homicide", "Matlock Police", "Number 96", "Bellamy", "The Young Doctors", "Carson's Law", "Sons and Daughters", "Prisoner", "The Flying Doctors", "Neighbours", "Blue Heelers" and "Something in the Air". He was born on 27 September 1923 in Fremantle, Western Australia. He was of Irish ancestry.

Condon died on 14 February 2014, at the age of 90. He was outlived by his four daughters: Elizabeth, Susan, Katherine and Mary-Jane. His wife, actress Anne Haddy, died in 1999.

Athous

Athous is a genus of beetles in the family Elateridae. Beetles in this family are called "click beetles". "Athous" is one of the largest genera of click beetles, containing more than a hundred species.

Species were first organised into this genus by Johann Friedrich von Eschscholtz in 1829.

The larvae, called "wireworms", feed on roots of plants and also on seeds lying on the ground. They are considered pests by farmers because they damage crops. They also live in rotting wood.

Wentworth Miller

Wentworth Earl Miller III (born June 2, 1972) is an American actor, model, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for his role as Michael Scofield in the Fox television series "Prison Break" (2005–2009, 2017–present). For this role, he has a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role nomination. In 2014, he began playing Leonard Snart / Captain Cold in The CW series "The Flash", and later the spin-off "Legends of Tomorrow". His first screenplay, the thriller drama "Stoker", was released in 2013.

Miller was born in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire, England. He moved to Brooklyn, New York, United States at the age of one. His parents are Americans. His father has African-American, Jamaican, English, German, Jewish, and Cherokee background, and his mother is of Russian, French, Dutch, Syrian, and Lebanese ancestry.

In 2007, Miller denied to "InStyle" that he was gay. He later came out as gay in August 2013, when he posted a letter on GLAAD's website. In the letter he turned down the offer to go to the Saint Petersburg International Film Festival. The reason was because he felt "deeply troubled" by the Russian government's treatment of its gay citizens. This was referring to anti-LGBT laws passed banning "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations."


Agriotes

Agriotes is a genus of beetles in the family Elateridae. These beetles are called "click beetles". The genus contains many species. They are found in the Americas, Asia and much of Europe.

The larvae, called "wireworms", feed on roots of plants and also on seeds lying on the ground. They are considered pests by farmers because they damage crops.

"Agriotes" is divided into four subgenera:

Trechus

Trechus is a genus of ground beetles. It is found across Europe, the Middle East and northern Asia. The genus contains hundreds of species.

The name comes from the Greek word "trécho", meaning "I run".

Species were first organised into this genus in 1806, by Joseph Philippe de Clairville.


Hirvensalmi

Hirvensalmi is a municipality in Southern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 2,350 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Joutsa, Kangasniemi, Mikkeli, Mäntyharju and Pertunmaa.

The municipality was established in 1656.

Hirvenlahti, Hirvensalmi (urban area), Hurrila, Hämeenmäki, Kekkola, Kilkki, Kissakoski, Kotkatvesi, Kuitula, Lahnaniemi, Lelkola, Malvaniemi, Merrasmäki, Monikkala, Noitti, Parkkola, Puukonsaari, Pyörnilä, Pääskynsaari, Pöyry (Hirvensalmi), Ripatti, Suonsalmi, Syväsmäki, Tuukkala, Vahvamäki, Vahvaselkä and Vaisälänsaari.


Ampedus

Ampedus is a genus in the family of Elateridae. These beetles are called "click beetles". It contains a large number of species.


Kangasniemi

Kangasniemi is a municipality in Southern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 5,800 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hankasalmi, Hirvensalmi, Joutsa, Mikkeli, Pieksämäki and Toivakka.

Kangasniemi was established in 1867. It has over 40 villages.


Adrastus (genus)

Adrastus is a genus of beetles in the family Elateridae. These beetles are called "click beetles". Species were first organised into this genus in 1829, by Johann Friedrich von Eschscholtz.

Pieksämäki

Pieksämäki is a town in Southern Savonia, Finland. In Finland it is called a city. As of January 2014, almost 19,300 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hankasalmi, Joroinen, Juva, Kangasniemi, Leppävirta, Mikkeli, Rautalampi and Suonenjoki. Most people speak Finland.

Pieksämäki was established in 1930. It became a city in 1962.

The former municipality of Pieksänmaa was merged with Pieksämäki in 2007.


Tachys

Tachys is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains hundreds of species.

Species were first organised into this genus in 1821, by Pierre François Marie Auguste Dejean.


Joroinen

Joroinen is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014, over 5,200 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Juva, Leppävirta, Pieksämäki, Rantasalmi and Varkaus.

Joroinen was established in 1631.

The nearest airport is in Varkaus.



Drypta

Drypta is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains almost 70 species, which are organised into four subgenera.

Rantasalmi

Rantasalmi is a municipality in Southern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 3,900 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Joroinen, Juva, Savonlinna, Sulkava and Varkaus.

Rantasalmi was established in 1578.



Trechoblemus

Trechoblemus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains the following species:


Honkajoki

Honkajoki is a former municipality in Satakunta, Finland. As of January 2014, more than 1,800 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Isojoki, Kankaanpää, Karvia, Kauhajoki and Siikainen. The most notable water system is Karvianjoki. There are no lakes in the municipality. There are many untouched swamps.

Honkajoki was established in 1867. It was merged with the town of Kankaanpää on 1 January 2021.

Compared to population, Honkajoki has many companies.

Antila, 
Katko, 
Lauhala, 
Paasto, 
Vataja, 
Pappila, 
Mämminmaa,
Pukara,
Perämaa and
Jyllinkoski


Infante

Infante is a title given to children of the reigning King of Spain. It has also historically been used by Portuguese monarchs before the country became a republic. As it is a title usually used by the children of monarchs, the style of Royal Highness is also used. The female version of the word is Infanta. Fully the style is usually:



Lake Placid, Florida

Lake Placid is a town in Florida, United States. It is in Highlands County.


St. Moritz

St. Moritz (; ; ) is a ski resort in the Engadine valley in Switzerland. The Olympic Winter Games were held here in 1928 and 1948.


Cortina d'Ampezzo

Cortina d'Ampezzo (Ladin: "Anpezo, Ampëz", ) is a ski resort and commune in northern Italy. The Olympic Winter Games were held here in 1956. The Ford Cortina, the UK’s best selling car of the 1970’s was named after it.


Garmisch-Partenkirchen

Garmisch-Partenkirchen is a mountain resort town in Bavaria in southern Germany. It is the administrative centre of the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in the Oberbayern region, and the district is on the border with Austria. Nearby is Germany's highest mountain, Zugspitze, at . The Olympic Winter Games were held here in 1936.


Lillehammer

Lillehammer is a city in Oppland area of Innlandet county, Norway. The 1994 Winter Olympics and the Paralympic Winter Games were held here in 1994.



Houseboy

A houseboy is typically a young male domestic worker or personal assistant who performs cleaning and personal chores. The term has history within British colonialism, but also in military contexts.

Kitchen maid

A kitchen maid or kitchen girl is a young housemaid or other junior female domestic worker. In the hierarchy of a great house she ranked below a cook and above a scullery maid. An experienced kitchen maid is an assistant cook; the position may be compared to that of a line cook in a professional kitchen.

The kitchen maid reports to the Head Cook, if there is one.

Her uniform may consist of a blouse and a skirt, and apron.

Margaret Powell worked as a kitchen girl at the age of 15.

Alcester, South Dakota

Alcester is a city in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is in Union County, and 820 people lived there at the 2020 census.

City of Alcester website

Cook (domestic worker)

A cook is a household staff member responsible for food preparation. The term can refer to the head of kitchen staff in a great house or to the cook-housekeeper, a far less prestigious position involving more physical labour.

The cook in an English great house was traditionally female; today's residences may employ a head cook or chef who may be of either gender. 

When Margaret Powell had begun as a kitchen girl at the age of 15. she later advanced to become a cook.


Jefferson, South Dakota

Jefferson is a city in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Union County, and 475 people lived there at the 2020 census. Jefferson became a city in 1895.

Vemdalen

Vemdalen is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County, Sweden. There were 542 people living there in 2010. It is a ski resort.

Funäsdalen

Funäsdalen is a locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County, Sweden. In 2010, 890 people lived there.

Bruksvallarna

Bruksvallarna is a minor locality in Härjedalen Municipality in Jämtland County, Sweden. In 2010, 95 people lived there.

The place is 720 meters above sea level.

Cross-country skiing competition Bruksvallsloppet is held here in November each year.

Division of Fairfax

The Division of Fairfax is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1984 and is named after Ruth Fairfax, founder of the Country Women's Association. It is covers the Sunshine Coast region north of Brisbane and includes the towns of Buderim, Coolum, Eumundi, Kenilworth, Mapleton, Maroochydore, Montville, Nambour, Palmwoods, Peregian Springs, Woombye and Yandina.

In the 2013 election, mining millionaire and leader of the Palmer United Party, Clive Palmer won the seat by 36 votes at the first count. This was reduced to 7 votes after a recount of the distribution of preferences. Because this was less than 100 votes, the Australian Electoral Commission counted all the votes again which gave Palmer a win by 53 votes. 


Hanna Grönvall

Johanna Kristina "Hanna" Grönvall (10 December 1879 in Västra Sallerup, Malmöhus County, Sweden – 22 May 1953) was a Swedish politician (social democrat) and trade unionist.

Grönwall worked as a maid from 1900 to 1934. In 1933, she became a member of the committee founded to examine the working conditions of domestics, and in 1934, she became deputy chairman of the trade union for domestics, Stockholms hembiträdesförening. She was the founder of the Central Comitté of Domestics, Hembiträdesföreningarnas centralkommitté, in 1936. Grönwall was a member of the city council of Stockholm Municipality for the social democrats.

Hall boy

The hall boy or hallboy was the lowest ranked male domestic worker on the staff of a great house. Usually a boy or young teenager, his name derived from the fact that his main duties were in the servants' hall, where he may also have slept. 

Like his female counterpart, the scullery maid, the hall boy would have been expected to work up to 16 hours per day, seven days per week. His duties were often among the most disagreeable in the house, such as emptying chamber pots for the higher-ranking servants, and (in the absence of a boot boy) cleaning the boots. 

A hall boy could rise through the ranks and, if fortunate, eventually become a valet or butler. Arthur Inch, butler technical consultant for the film "Gosford Park", stated in an interview that he began his life in service as a hall boy at the age of 15.

Elisa Lindström

Eva "Elisa" Lindström, born 24 April 1991 in Töreboda, Sweden, is a Swedish singer. She is currently the lead singer for the dansband, Elisa's.

As part of the music group Lali, she participated in Lilla Melodifestivalen in 2005, where their song titled "Du får ta mitt hjärta" (You can take my heart) finished in sixth place overall. The song was co-written by Elisa herself and her sister Alma Lindström.

The band Elisa's was formed in 2009 by Lindström and others from the same musical education program in a school in Skövde. In 2010, Lindström and her danceband Elisa's got national attention competing in the SVT danceband reality competition show "Dansbandskampen" (meaning the battle of the dancebands), where her band qualified to the finals, eventually winning the contest in the final held on 11 December 2010. Elisa Lindström won "Singer of the Year 2011" at the Guldklaven Awards in early 2012.

In 2013, Lindström took part in the choir singing competition show "Körslaget" (meaning Clash of the Choirs) broadcast on TV4, where she led a choir from her hometown of Töreboda. Lindström made it to the 19 October 2013 final where they competed against the other finalist, a choir led by singer Anna Book. Lindström won the final of Körslaget.

In November 2013 it was revealed that Lindström will participate in Melodifestivalen 2014 in hopes of representing Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark. She competed in the first heat with the song "Casanova".


Servants' hall

The servants' hall is traditionally a common room for domestic workers in a great house. The term usually refers to the domestic workers' dining room.

If there is no separate sitting room, the Servants' Hall doubles as the place servants may spend their leisure hours and serves as both sitting room and dining room.

Convention on Domestic Workers

The Convention on Domestic Workers, formally the Convention concerning Decent Work for Domestic Workers is a convention setting labour standards for domestic workers. It is the 189th ILO convention and was adopted during the 100th session of the International Labour Organization, in 16 June 2011. It entered into force on 5 September 2013.

Seal of Pennsylvania

The Seal of Pennsylvania is the state seal for the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Unlike most seals, it has a front and a back.

The front has an image of wheat, a ship and plow. Philadelphia is represented by the ship. The outer ring contains the words "Seal of the State of Pennsylvania" though the state is really a commonwealth. The back has the words "Both Can't Survive".

Seal of Connecticut

The Connecticut State Seal is the seal of the U.S. State of Connecticut. It became that in May of 1784. It has three grapevines and a ribbon inside. The outer edges of the seal say SIGILLUM REIPUBLICÆ CONNECTICUTENSIS (or "Seal of the State of Connecticut").

The first seal was in 1639. It changed between then and 1784.

Seal of Rhode Island

The Seal of the State of Rhode Island is the state seal of the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It has a dark blue background. There is an anchor under the word "HOPE" (the state motto of Rhode Island). The outer circle says "Seal of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations". The outer circle also has "1636" (the year Providence was founded) at the bottom. A variation of the seal was first used before Rhode Island was a state.

Seal of Delaware

The Great Seal of the State of Delaware is the seal of the U.S. State of Delaware. The seal shows a shield, an ox and sailing ships. On the outer edge it says "Great Seal of the State of Delaware".

The dates 1704, 1776 and 1787 are shown at the bottom of this state seal.

Flag and seal of New Hampshire

The Seal of the State of New Hampshire was first created in 1776. The state flag has the seal in a dark blue background. The seal shows a ship on stocks, with a rising sun in background. The outer ring has the words "Seal of the State of New Hampshire".

Epico

Orlando Tito Colón Nieves (born March 24, 1982) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler. He is best known for his tenure in WWE, where he performed under the ring name Epico (Colón), and Fernando. He spent most of his WWE career in a tag team with his real-life cousin Primo.

On the November 4 2011 episode of "SmackDown", Colón debuted on the main roster as a heel under the ring name Epico. He faced Sin Cara but lost by disqualification after Hunico ran in and attacked Sin Cara.

Epico then began teaming with Primo, with Rosa Mendes as their manager. Epico and Primo defeated Air Boom (Evan Bourne and Kofi Kingston) at a "Raw" live event on January 15, 2012, in Oakland, California to win the WWE Tag Team Championship. They lost the championships to Kofi Kingston and R-Truth on the April 30 episode of "Raw".

On the September 30 edition of "Raw", Epico and Primo changed their gimmicks and debuted as Los Matadores, as a face team of two masked Spanish bullfighters with El Torito as their mascot. They defeated 3MB in their debut.



United States debt ceiling

The United States debt ceiling is a limit that tells how much money the United States government can borrow at any given time. It is set by the United States Congress. Its basic purpose is to try to lower the national debt of the United States or prevent excessive borrowing. The debt ceiling was created in 1917 under the Second Liberty Bond Act. It was designed to fund the US as it entered World War I. Before the creation of the debt ceiling, the president determined how much debt could be incurred in a given time. This was changed in 1917 to prevent the president from having too much borrowing power. The debt ceiling in 2011 was 14.3 trillion dollars.

Public-private partnership

A public-private partnership is a contract between the public sector, or government, and a private company. The purpose for such public-private partnerships is to provide public services, like education and transportation. This is without changing the private business into a government-operated service. One way of doing this is to allow the government to pay the business for providing free services to the public. The business provides the services for free and then charges the government for compensation, in which the government agrees. Supporters of public-private partnerships argue that it reduces inefficiency and provides the free market with greater flexibility.

Kill the DJ

"Kill the DJ" is the second single off American punk rock band Green Day's ninth studio album "¡Uno!". The song was released on August 14, 2012. The song is influenced from dance music which Green Day has never attempted before. 

The video features Green Day riding motorcycles through the desert going towards a nightclub in a black-and-white clip. When they perform at the club, two girls begin fighting and bottles get broken. At the end, the two girls end up with blood on their faces and clothes while they dance.

Awesome as Fuck

Awesome as Fuck (also stylized as Awesome as F**k or Awesome as ****) is the second live album by American punk rock band, Green Day. "Awesome as Fuck" was released on March 22, 2011.

It has songs from Green Day's 2009–2010 21st Century Breakdown World Tour which was in support for their eighth studio album "21st Century Breakdown". It also contains a DVD of a concert that was recorded at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan.

Poldine Carlo

Poldine Demoski Carlo (December 5, 1920 – May 9, 2018) was an American author. She was an elder of the Koyukon people of Alaska.

She was a founding member of the Fairbanks Native Association (FNA). She was on the Alaska Bicentennial Commission (ABC) board. She was a consultant for the Tanana Chiefs Conference (TCC). She is the author of "Nulato: An Indian Life on the Yukon". The book was dedicated to her son, Stewart, who died in 1975 in an auto accident.

Carlo was born on December 5, 1920 in Nulato, Territory of Alaska. She married William "Bill" Carlo in 1940. They have eight children, five sons (William, Jr., Kenny, Walter, Glenn, and Stewart) and three daughters (Dorothy, Lucy, and Kathleen). She lives in Fairbanks, Alaska. A building in downtown Fairbanks, owned by the FNA, was named the Poldine Carlo Building in her honor. She died on May 9, 2018 in Fairbanks, Alaska at the age of 97.

Pope Adeodatus II

Pope Adeodatus II (??? − 17 June 676), also known as Deodatus II, was pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 11 April 672 until he died in 676. 

Very little information is known about him but most surviving records say that he was known for being generous, especially when it came to the poor and to pilgrims. He was a Benedictine. He was already an elderly man when he was elected pope and did not really accomplish much during his four year reign as pope.

AMOLED

AMOLED (Active Matrix Organic Light Emitting Diode) is a display technology mainly used in mobile phones, televisions and other electronic devices with a screen. An AMOLED display uses an active matrix of organic light-emitting diodes (OLED) that emits light when an electrical signal is present.

As of 2008, AMOLED technology was used in phones, media players, and digital cameras. They are starting to be used more in low-power, cheaper and large-sized applications as well.

OLEDs work just like a regular LED except the diodes in OLEDs are thinner. Other type of displays, such as LCDs, require an external light source (backlighting) to illuminate the screen whereas OLED displays do not. Energy efficiency is also an advantage of AMOLED displays. It is more energy efficient than LED and other types of displays. This is because AMOLED displays generate less heat while emitting light, allowing for less energy being lost during heat transfer. It is energy efficient in its ability to consume less power as well. It can be utilized well for portable consumer electronic devices, where good battery-life is essential. Because of this efficiency, AMOLED displays can also be considered eco-friendly. Compared to other types of displays, AMOLED displays can produce high refresh rates although LCD leads in that specific area. AMOLED displays also allow to be folded, which manufacturers use to make bezel-less screens that fold behind the display.

In previous days, AMOLED displays were prone to screen burn-ins, which leaves a permanent imprint of overused colors from overused images. The imprint only happens if the screen is used at maximum brightness for a long time. Though this problem was fixed by using some clever software technique. This is done by shifting the image slightly after a period of time. This way a single group of pixel no longer need to be lit for a long time.

Because of the organic compounds of its technology too, unlike light diodes or inorganic crystalline, AMOLED displays are highly susceptible to water damage. Putting the display in water would result in immediate color and pixel damage. Thus, sealing techniques must be taken into consideration during the manufacturing process.

In previous days, AMOLED display were less bright compared to LCDs. But the latest Samsung E6 AMOLED display was able to achieve as high as 2600 nits on smartphones. It's rumored that Honor Magic 6 RSR might offer a OLED display having peak brightness up to 5000 nits. For a LCD display to achieve this level of brightness will consume a lot of power as well as produce heat.

AMOLED Screens have been marketed in various ways by different companies. Apple refers their AMOLED displays as “Super Retina HD” while Samsung refers to theirs as “Super AMOLED”. Motorola, HTC, Google and all the other device makers market in different ways even though most of their screens are created by Samsung, which controls 98% of the AMOLED display market. 

Manufacturers have tried to address the disadvantages of AMOLED display technology. Samsung has announced their launch of the world’s first stretchable touchscreen display with a 9:1 inch dynamic stretchable AMOLED display. The new screen is based off of LTPS (Low Temperature Polycrystalline Silicon) technology, which helps with deforming necessary pixels for stretching.  AU Optronics, an electronics manufacturer in Taiwan, has also made moves to develop in-cell touch panels into AMOLED display’s fabrication process. 

The flexibile AMOLED displays are being used in all foldable smartphones and will be used until micro-OLED technology become affordable. Samsung E7 AMOLED, the next generation display is about to enter the smartphone industry. 

War (disambiguation)

War is a conflict using fighting and weapons on a large scale.

War or WAR may also refer to:


John Henson

John Paul Henson (April 25, 1965 — February 14, 2014) was an American puppeteer. He was born in Greenwich, Connecticut. He was a performer of The Muppets. Puppeteers Jim and Jane Henson were his parents.

Henson died on Valentine's Day 2014, aged 48, after having a heart attack.

Mike Von Erich

Michael Brett Adkisson (March 2, 1964 — April 12, 1987) was an American professional wrestler. He was better known under the ring name Mike Von Erich. He was a member of the famous Von Erich family. His father was Fritz Von Erich, a wrestling promoter and professional wrestler. Mike made his professional wrestling debut on November 24, 1983. Unlike his older brothers, however, he never wanted to do wrestling (according to certain wrestlers tied to Mike, including his brother Kevin).

In 1985, Von Erich was diagnosed with toxic shock syndrome (rare among men). The condition caused brain damage that then affected his behavior and overall performing abilities.

In April 1987, he was arrested for drunk driving and drug charges. A few days later, Mike wrote and left a suicide note for his family, went to Lake Dallas and overdosed on Placidyl and alcohol. His body was found four days later. 


Polymyalgia rheumatica

Polymyalgia rheumatica ("PMR", sometimes called just polymyalgia) is a syndrome or condition. It causes pain in the joints and muscles of the upper body. Normal arm and leg movements may be affected.

Most people with PMR have pain during the morning. Sometimes the pain is in the late afternoon or evening. About 15% of people having PMR may also have temporal arteritis. The condition may prevent the normal use of the arms and/or legs.

PMR affects more women than men. PMR usually happens in people age fifty and older. People under age 50 can be affected, although rarely.

One blood test usually performed is the erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) which measures how fast the patient's red blood cells settle in a test tube. The faster the blood cells settle, the higher the ESR value, which means inflammation is present. 

Prednisone is the drug of choice for PMR. Treatment duration is often more than one year. If the patient does not have dramatic improvement after three days of 10–20 mg oral prednisone per day, the diagnosis should be reconsidered. Sometimes relief of symptoms occurs in just a few hours.

Osteology

Osteology is the scientific study of bones, practiced by osteologists. It is a part of anatomy and is used by workers in palaeontology, anthropology, and archeology. 

Osteology studies the skeleton, and other bony structures. It includes the study of the structure of bones, teeth, their function and growth. It is often used by scientists for the identification of vertebrate remains, including the age, death, sex, and development.

Gas gangrene

Gas gangrene is a bacterial problem. It produces gas over tissues where there is gangrene. This condition is an medical emergency. Sepsis can happen with this condition.

Slite

Slite is a locality in Gotland Municipality, Gotland County, Sweden. In 2010, 1,483 people lived there. For a long time Slite was an important place for trade and business; nowadays tourism is an important source of income but also industry with stone and gravel, producing concrete from raw material of limestone from nearby quarries.

Roma, Gotland

Roma (also referred to as Romakloster) is a locality (Swedish "tätort") in Gotland Municipality, Gotland County, Sweden. In 2010, 913 people lived there.

In 1995 the locality known as Roma was divided by Statistics Sweden into a part with the tentative name of "Roma kyrkby" or "Lövsta" (pop. 277) and the remaining part that retained the name "Roma" (pop. 913), but is using to as "Romakloster" as postal address.
Some confusion is caused by the fact that Lövsta/Roma kyrkby has been referred to as "Roma" in the statistical figures since 2000.

Servants' quarters

Servants' quarters are those parts of a building, traditionally in a private house, which contain the domestic offices and staff accommodation. From the late 17th century until the late 19th/early 20th century they were a common feature in many large houses.

Dinosaur renaissance

Dinosaur renaissance is a term coined in a 1975 issue of "Scientific American" by Robert Bakker to describe the renewed interest in paleontology. This has lasted from the 1970s to the present. It was caused by a great increase in dinosaur discoveries, and by new ideas of how they lived. 

The "renaissance", a word which means "rebirth", changed how dinosaurs pictured both by professional illustrators, and in the public eye. 

John Ostrom's 1964 discovery of "Deinonychus" is one of the most important fossil finds. "Deinonychus" was an active predator that clearly killed its prey by leaping and slashing or stabbing with its "terrible claw". Evidence of a truly active lifestyle included long strings of tendons running along the tail, making it a stiff counterbalance for jumping and running. One conclusion was that at least some dinosaurs had a high metabolism, and so in some cases were warm-blooded. This was popularized by Ostrom's student Robert Bakker. The impression of dinosaurs as being slow, cold-blooded, small-brained reptiles needed to be rethought, at least for some of the carnivores.

These are the main points:






The discovery of new feathered dinosaurs in China has kept the field in the forefront of research and populat attention. Lower Cretaceous geological formations in the northeastern Chinese province of Liaoning are especially noteworthy. The animals found there are known as the Jehol biota.

Maria I of Portugal

Maria I (English: "Mary I") (17 December 1734 – 20 March 1816) was the Queen of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. Known as Maria the Pious (in Portugal), or Maria the Mad (in Brazil), she was the first undisputed Queen (in her own right) of Portugal. Her court, then under the direction of her eldest son and heir Dom João, the , moved to the then Portuguese colony of Brazil. Later on, Brazil would be elevated from the rank of a colony to that of a Kingdom. This led to the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.

Maria was born at the Ribeira Royal Palace in Lisbon. On the day of her birth, her grandfather, King João V, created her the Princess of Beira. She was the eldest of all her four siblings.

When her father succeeded to the throne in 1750 as José I, Maria became his heiress presumptive and was given the traditional titles of Princess of Brazil and Duchess of Braganza. She was also an Infanta of Portugal from birth and thus entitled to the style of Royal Highness. She grew up during the dominating Marquis of Pombal

In 1760 Maria married her uncle Pedro, younger brother of her father Jose I. They had six children, of whom the eldest surviving son succeeded Maria as João VI on her death in 1816.


Gabriela Isler

Maria Gabriela Isler (born 21 March 1988 in Valencia, Carabobo) is a Venezuelan beauty queen. On 9 November 2013, she was crowned Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow, Russia.

Eugène Ionesco

Eugène Ionesco (26 November 1909 – 28 March 1994) was a Romanian playwright. He wrote in French. He was born in Slatina, Romania. He was one of the most important people in French avant-garde theatre. His best-known play is "La Cantatrice Chauve" ("The Bald Soprano"). It has often been acted on stage and has been on TV.

On April 30, 1973, Ionesco received the Jerusalem Prize, In 1974 he was given an honorary doctorate degree by the University of Warwick in Coventry, England. A year later he received a second honorary doctorate from the University of Tel Aviv. He died at age 84 on 28 March 1994. He is buried in the Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris.

Many books have been written about Ionesco.

Borhyaena

Borhyaena is an extinct genus of metatherians. It lived in South America between 20 and 15 million years ago.

It was a predator whose lifestyle must have been rather similar to that of a hyaena. It lived between 17.5 and 15.5 million years ago in Patagonia. Two species have been found.

Blight

Blight refers to way plants wither when infected. It is usually caused by fungi, or viruses, or sometimes by bacteria.

Blight is a rapid and complete chlorosis, browning, then death of plant tissues such as leaves, branches, twigs, or flowers. Various diseases which cause the symptom are known as blights. Several notable examples are:


Frankie Kao

Kao Ling-feng or Kao Ling-feng (; 28 February 1950 – 17 February 2014) was a Taiwanese singer. He was best known for the song "Flaming Phoenix" (火鳳凰). His birth name was 葛元誠 ("Gé Yuánchéng"). He used the nickname The Frog Prince (青蛙王子 "Qīngwā Wángzi") for more than three decades. The name was given to him by his close friend, comedian Ni Min-jan.

During the height of his career, Frankie Kao received NT$240,000 cash per night for appearances. He stopped singing at his peak and went into business. His business venture went badly and he returned to his entertainment career.

Kao died on 17 February 2014 in Xindian District, New Taipei City. He was 63.


American lion

The American lion ("Panthera leo" or "P. atrox") is also known as Naegele’s giant jaguar or American cave lion. It is an extinct species of lion which lived in North America during the Pleistocene (340,000 years ago to 11,000 years ago). It existed for about 330,000 thousand years.

The American lion belonged to the family Felidae. By analysing the species' genes, scientists have shown that it shared the same ancestor as the Eurasian cave lion ("Panthera leo spelaea" or "P. spelaea"). Most remains have come from the La Brea tar pits.

The American lion was large, slightly larger than the early middle Pleistocene cave lion, "P. leo fossilis" and about 25% larger than the modern African lion. There is no evidence that it was a social hunter like the modern lion, and that may explain its size.
"Panthera leo atrox" hunted large mammals such as horses, camels, bison and mammoth.

Tennessee State University

Tennessee State University is a university in Nashville, Tennessee. It is a historically black university, which means that it was founded to educate African American students.

The university opened in 1909. Its name, "Tennessee State University" was first used in 1968.

Boston University

Boston University (also called Boston U or BU) is a private university in Boston, Massachusetts. The university has more than 3,800 faculty members and 33,000 students, BU is one of Boston's largest employers. It offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctorates, and medical, dental, business, and law degrees. Boston University has eighteen schools and colleges on two urban campuses. Boston University traces its roots to the Newbury Biblical Institute in Newbury, Vermont. It was started in 1839. In 1869 the school moved to Boston under the name "Boston University".

Fayetteville State University

Fayetteville State University is a historically black university in Fayetteville, North Carolina, United States. It is part of the University of North Carolina System.

This school began in 1867. The name "Fayetteville State University" was first used in 1969.

Fayetteville, North Carolina

Fayetteville is a large city in southeast North Carolina. In 2020, 208,501 people lived there. It has grown a lot in the past few decades.

The city was settled around 1762.

Fort Bragg is an army base north of Fayetteville. It provides over 15,000 jobs to people in Fayetteville.

Fayetteville State University, Carolina College of Biblical Studies, and Methodist University are in Fayetteville.

Jimmy Murakami

Teruaki "Jimmy" Murakami, (村上輝明　"Murakami Teruaki", June 5, 1933 – February 16, 2014) was a Japanese American animator and director. He is best-known for the animated adaptations of the Raymond Briggs books "When the Wind Blows" and "The Snowman". He formed Murakami-Wolf Films with Fred Wolf.

He died in 2014, aged 80.

Anthony Davis

Anthony Davis, Jr. (born March 11, 1993) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) since 2012. He plays power forward and center.

Davis was born on March 11, 1993 in Chicago, Illinois.


Shaun White

Shaun Roger White (born September 3, 1986 in San Diego, California, United States.) is an American professional snowboarder and skateboarder. He is a two-time Olympic gold medalist. He holds the X Games records for gold medals and highest overall medal count. He has also won 10 ESPY Awards. Nowadays he is a professional snowboarder and skateboarder. He still holds the world record for the most Olympic gold medals in halfpipe snowboarding with a total of three gold medals. He began snowboarding at 5 years old at snow summit. Shaun is immensely proud of the earliest Olympic gold medal he earned in 2006

White was born in San Diego, California on September 3, 1986. His ancestry includes Irish and Italian.


Shaw Taylor

Shaw Taylor MBE (26 October 1924 – 17 March 2015) was a British actor and television presenter. He had many acting roles in movie and television since the 1950s. He presented many game shows including "Password", "Tell the Truth", "Dotto", "This Is Your Chance" and "The Law Game" (BBC Radio 2). 

Taylor died at his Totland, Isle of Wight home, aged 90.

Haigazian University

Haigazian University (; ) is a university in Beirut, Lebanon. It opened in 1955. It offers Bachelor's degrees in the Arts and Sciences, Business Administration and Economics. It also offers Master's degrees in the Arts, Sciences and Business Administration.

The university is supported by the Armenian Evangelical Church. It was opened for the Armenian community in Lebanon. However, it is open to students of all nationalities.


Lucía Topolansky

Lucía Topolansky Saavedra (born September 25, 1944) is a Uruguayan senator. She is the wife of Uruguay's President José Mujica. She was the Vice President of Uruguay from September 2017 to March 2020, after Raúl Fernando Sendic's resignation.

Hurricane Manuel

Hurricane Manuel (pronounced ) was a tropical cyclone in 2013. It crossed western Mexico between September 13 and 19, 2013 at the same time that Hurricane Ingrid was coming to Mexico from the other side.

Damage from Manuel totaled $4.2 billion (2013 USD). About 169 people died.

Christopher Malcolm

Christopher "Chris" Malcolm (19 August 1946 – 15 February 2014) was a Scottish actor, director and producer. He began his career in 1968. He had many different roles in movies, television shows, and musical theatre such as "The Empire Strikes Back", "Absolutely Fabulous" and "The Rocky Horror Show".

He was born in Aberdeen, Scotland. He was brought up in Canada after his family emigrated to Vernon, British Columbia in the late 1940s.

Malcolm died from cancer on 15 February 2014, aged 67, in London, England. He was outlived by his wife, actress Judy Lloyd, and their three children. His death was reported by his daughter, Morgan.

North–South express railway

The North–South Express Railway () is a proposed high-speed railway in Vietnam. It would start in Hanoi and end in Ho Chi Minh City. It is proposed to have a length of .

Police dog

A police dog (also called a K-9) is a dog trained to help police and other law enforcement people. German Shepherds are the most common breed, but other breeds are also used. If a police dog is killed in duty, it is usually given a full police funeral. K-9s are often given their own ballistic vests, and some are given their own police IDs and badges.

A police dog may be trained to do one special thing, or a few different things. Common K-9 jobs include: 

There are also specialized police dogs, who are used only for a specific job because they have special skills or training for that job. For example:

Different breeds of police dogs tend to be good at different things. However, any good police dog should be intelligent, aggressive, strong, and have a good sense of smell. Many police dogs are male and not neutered (because neutering can make a dog less aggressive). However, there are female police dogs, which are used for rescue, tracking, and locating bombs and drugs. German Shepherd Dogs and Belgian Malinois are the most commonly used; however, other dog breeds (and their specialties) include:



Subdistricts of Mandatory Palestine

Mandatory Palestine had 18 districts. Two of them existed only until 1945.

Dara Howell

Dara Howell (born August 23, 1994 in Huntsville, Ontario) is a Canadian freestyle skier. She skied for Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and became the first freestyle skier to win a gold medal in slopestyle at the inaugural event. She has also competed in women's slopestyle at the Winter X Games XVII in Aspen, Colorado where she won a bronze medal.

Howell dedicated her win to Sarah Burke and said: "Oh, my God. I don't know what to say. I can't believe it. It is so surreal and I am so happy to win a gold medal for Canada. I don't think it will hit me until later. It is truly amazing. There are a number of really good girls out there and I came out on top. This is the best moment in my entire life...I said it earlier this week, I hope a Canadian brings home a gold medal for Sarah. I can't believe it's me. It's totally for Sarah and I cannot believe it."

Tarsal formula

The tarsal formula is the number of segments on the tarsi of arthropods. The tarsus is the bottom part of an arthropod's legs, see diagram.

The formula has 3 numbers a-b-c, starting with the front leg (a), then the middle leg (b), then the hind leg (c). For example, a tarsal formula of "5-5-4" means there are 5 segments in the fore leg's tarsi, 5 segments in the middle leg's tarsi, and 4 segments in the hind leg's tarsi. This character is especially useful at family rank and higher.

The characteristic is useful when identifying insects.

Leaf beetle

Leaf beetles are the family Chrysomelidae. There are over 35,000 species in more than 2,500 genera, so it is one of the largest and most common of all beetle families. Many subfamilies are recognized.

Leaf beetles have a tarsal formula which appears to be 4-4-4, but is actually 5-5-5. Some are difficult to tell from long-horned beetles (family Cerambycidae): it is done by the antennae "not" arising from frontal tubercles.

Adult and larval leaf beetles feed on all sorts of plant tissue. Their diversity has run parallel with that of the Angiosperms. Many are serious pests of cultivated plants, for example the Colorado potato beetle ("Leptinotarsa decemlineata"), the asparagus beetle ("Crioceris asparagi"), the cereal leaf beetle ("Oulema melanopus"), and various flea beetles. A few act as vectors of plant diseases. Others can be used as biocontrol of invasive weeds. Most Chrysomelidae are conspicuously coloured, often in glossy yellow to red or metallic blue-green hues. Some (especially Cassidinae) have spectacularly bizarre shapes. They are highly popular among insect collectors.

Selection of notable sub-families:

Records from the Cretaceous period are scarce: only three records are known. An early Cretaceous origin from a more general form is suggested by Grimaldi and Engel. Then came an Upper Cretaceous divergence of Chrysolmelid sub-groups, and adaptive radiation connected to that of the flowering plants.

House of Braganza

The House of Braganza (Portuguese: Casa de Bragança; Portuguese pronunciation: [bɾɐˈɣɐ̃sɐ]), officially the Most Serene House of Braganza (Portuguese: "Sereníssima Casa de Bragança"), is an important imperial, royal, and noble house (dynasty) of Portuguese origin. It is a branch of the House of Aviz. The House changed from being powerful dukes of Portuguese nobility, to ruling as the monarchs of Portugal and the Algarves, from 1640 to 1910. They were also monarchs of Brazil, from 1815 to 1889. The heir to the Portuguese throne was usually given the title of "Duke of Braganza".

The House of Braganza was founded in 1442. This is when Afonso, 8th Count of Barcelos, was made Duke of Braganza. Alfonso (Alfonso I) was an illegitimate son of King João I of Portugal, of the House of Aviz. He was made a duke by his nephew, King Afonso V of Portugal. The feudal dukes quickly collected a fortune in properties, titles, and power. By the mid 1600s, the House was the most powerful in all of Portugal. It was also of the greatest houses of Iberia.

The House of Braganza became the reigning house of Brazil, first, when the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and the Algarves was created in 1815. The United Kingdom lasted until 1822, when the Brazilian Empire became independent from Portugal. The new Brazilian nation was led by Prince Pedro of Braganza, heir to the Portuguese throne, who ruled as Emperor Pedro I of Brazil, as well as King Pedro IV of Portugal. Until 1835, the Portuguese Braganzas were still in the line of succession to the Brazilian throne. The House was deposed (removed) from the Brazilian throne, in 1889, when Brazil was proclaimed a republic.

The House continued to be the house to the Brazilian throne until 1921. This is when Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil, daughter of Emperor Pedro II of Brazil, died. Her claim passed to her son, Prince Pedro Henrique of Orléans and Braganza. Thus the House of Orléans-Braganza became the claimant house to the former monarchy of Brazil. Pedro Henrique died in 1981. The current claimant is his eldest son, Prince Luiz.

In Portugal, King Carlos I of Portugal was assassinated in 1908. Also killed in the attack was his eldest son. His younger son, Manuel II, became king. When the Portuguese Republic was established, in 1910, King Manuel II and the rest of the Braganzas went into exile.


Sotkamo

Sotkamo is a municipality in the region of Kainuu, Finland. In January 2014, it had a population of over 10,650. It covers an area of .

Neighbouring municipalities are Kajaani, Kuhmo, Nurmes, Paltamo, Rautavaara, Ristijärvi, Sonkajärvi and Valtimo.

Hiidenportti National Park is in Sotkamo.


Nurmes

Nurmes is a city in North Karelia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 8,200 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Juuka, Kuhmo, Lieksa, Rautavaara, Sotkamo and Valtimo. Since 2020, Valtimo was merged with the town of Nurmes.


Juuka

Juuka, (), is a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. In January 2014, over 5,190 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Juankoski, Kaavi, Kontiolahti, Lieksa, Nurmes, Polvijärvi and Rautavaara. 

Ahmovaara, Halivaara (Hali), Juuka, Kannas, Kajoo, Kuhnusta, Larinsaari, Matara, Nunnanlahti, Paalasmaa, Petrovaara, Pihlajavaara, Polvela, Raholanvaara (Rahola), Timovaara, Tuopanjoki, Vaikko, Vuokko.


Common yabby

The common yabby, "Cherax destructor", is an Australian freshwater crustacean. It is in the Parastacidae family. It is listed as a vulnerable species of crayfish by the World Conservation Union (IUCN). But wild yabby populations remain strong, and have expanded into new habitats created by reservoirs and farm dams.

Its common name of "yabby" is also applied to many other Australian "Cherax" species of crustacean. The name is also applied marine ghost shrimp of the infra-order Thalassinidea. Yabbies occasionally reach up to 30 cm (12 in) in length but are more commonly 10–20 cm (4–8 in) long.

Colour is highly variable and depends on water clarity (how clear it is) and habitat. Yabbies can range from black, blue-black or dark brown in clear waters to light brown, green-brown or beige in dark waters. Yabbies specifically bred to be a vibrant blue colour are now popular in the aquarium trade in Australia.

Harley Race

Harley Leland Race (April 11, 1943 – August 1, 2019) was an American retired professional wrestler. He was best known for wrestling for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), American Wrestling Association (AWA), World Wrestling Federation (WWF), and World Championship Wrestling (WCW).

He was one of only six people to be inducted into each of the WWE Hall of Fame, the WCW Hall of Fame, the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.

On March 1, 2019, Race's close friend Ric Flair announced that Race was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. He died five months later on August 1 from the disease in St. Charles, Missouri, aged 76.



Operating reserve

In electrical grid, operating reserve is the ability of the power generation to respond for any power loss or power failure at the load side in a relatively short time to avoid long power shortage.

Operating reserve is made of spinning reserve and non-spinning reserve.

Rautavesi

Rautavesi is a lake in western Finland. It is in Sastamala in the Pirkanmaa region.

Voltage regulation

In electrical engineering, voltage regulation is a measure of the difference in voltage between the sending and receiving ends of a transmission system or distribution system. On one end of these systems is the source, where the power is received, and on the other end is the load, where the power is sent to. Voltage regulation involves measuring the difference in the voltage at each end.

Electric utility companies use some electrical equipment to maintain the voltage constant magnitude value transmitted or distributed along the power line, such as tap changer, voltage regulator, capacitor etc.

Sastamala

Sastamala is a city in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 25,500 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Huittinen, Hämeenkyrö, Ikaalinen, Kankaanpää, Kokemäki , Lavia, Nokia, Punkalaidun, Ulvila, Urjala and Vesilahti.

Sileekallio, Hoipola, Jaara, Häijää and Mustianoja 

In July 2011 in Sastamala was opened Museum called Pukstaavi "Suomalaisen kirjan museo", museum of Finish book. Museum is national and tells generally about culture history and social meaning of Finnish book. 



Tianhe-2

Tianhe-2 is a supercomputer built by the National University of Defense Technology in China. It can do more than 33,862 million million operations every second. In 2015, it was the fastest computer in the world. It is twice as fast as the Tianhe-1, the previous fastest supercomputer. It is predicted to become even faster by 2015, reaching speeds of 100,000 million million operations every second. The computer's name means "milky way". The building of Tianhe-2 was expected to be finished in 2015, but was finished in 2013 instead. Proposed applications for the supercomputer include physics-related applications, such as studying combustion and magnetism. It is also being used to model the atmosphere.

It has been said that Tianhe-2 "may be too powerful for most tasks".

Tianhe-2 can do 33,862 trillion operations per second. It could possibly do 54,900 trillion operations per second. It uses more than three million processor cores. The supercomputer uses 17.8 million watts of power. The cost of construction was 2.4 billion yuan.

Tianhe-2 has been ranked at the top of the Top500 list twice, in June 2013 and November 2013.


Fossil-fuel power station

A fossil-fuel power station is a power station that makes electricity by burning certain fuels. Its machines change the heat energy that comes from burning the fuels into mechanical energy. The mechanical energy is then used to work an electrical generator. The generator makes the electricity. The fuels used in these kind of power stations are fossil fuels, such as coal and natural gas, which when burnt give off carbon dioxide, which is a greenhouse gas. Fossil-fuel power stations are the biggest cause of global warming. 


Hague Adoption Convention

The Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Co-operation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption (or simply Hague Adoption Convention), provides certain protections to children. It guarantees the protection of children from child trafficking. It also guarantees them safe adoption and a quick adoption process.

In May 1993 the proposal was presented at the seventeenth session of The Hague Convention. It became effective in 1995. The United States ratified the Hague Adoption Convention in December 2007. Forty-six countries had ratified the treaty as of May 2002. Thirteen more had yet to ratify it. Many countries which have not ratified the Convention do not permit foreign adoptions of their children nor adoptions of foreign children. For example, Muslim countries do not permit foreign adoptions.

Adopting children from one country into a family from another is a relatively new idea. It developed after World War II. By the 1970s it became a fairly common event. But it was soon recognized this was creating a number of legal and human problems. There were few domestic and international laws that adequately protected children's rights. The Hague Adoption Convention of 1993 addressed these concerns. The Convention gave the responsibility of providing the protection against child trafficking, safe adoption and a quick adoption process to the countries and to adoption agencies.
The convention also raised several ethical concerns. In a normal domestic adoption the child loses connections and identification with their biological family. In an international adoption a child may also lose identification with their nationality and ethnicity. Adoptions that span countries should be considered only after all efforts to place adopted children within their own country. UNICEF, by comparison, does not encourage international adoptions. They encourage nations to adopt within their own country.

There has been a sharp decline in international adoptions in the last few years. Romania, for one, has ended all foreign adoptions. Belarus and the Ukraine closed foreign adoptions for 2007. The 5000 adoptions from China in 2005 dropped to 4000 in 2006. Wars and natural disasters were the reasons for massive adoptions from the affected countries in the past. But the international community is no longer in favor of this as a solution. Adoptions from Africa are increasing, however. The number of Orphans from Liberia and Ethiopia have increased from 2006–2008. But the costs to adopt a child from another country have risen. This is due in part to the steps taken by the convention to prevent abuse of the system.


Justine Dufour-Lapointe

Justine Dufour-Lapointe (born March 25, 1994 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian freestyle skier. She skied in the moguls events for Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi where she won a gold medal. Her sister Chloé Dufour-Lapointe also won a silver medal in the event which was the first time that Canadian sisters stood together on the podium. When she won the gold medal, she became the youngest freestyle skiing Olympic champion ever at 19. She also won a bronze medal in the moguls event at the 2013 FIS World Championships. It was the first gold medal win for Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics.


Equal Pay Act of 1963

The Equal Pay Act of 1963 is a Federal law that amends the Fair Labor Standards Act. It prohibits wage based solely on gender. It was signed into law on June 10, 1963 by John F. Kennedy, who at that time was President of the United States. The principle was equal pay for equal work regardless of sex.

In 1868 a major objective of the Knights of Labor was equal pay for men and women. During World War I and World War II the National War Labor Board had the power to set labor standards for American businesses. During the Korean War the Wage Stabilization Board set these standards. In all three cases they set equal pay policies for both sexes during . During the war, Rosie the Riveter was paid the same wage as males doing the same job. In 1919 two states, Michigan and Montana, passed equal pay laws. But it wasn't until after World War II that any other states followed their examples. The United States Women's Bureau, a part of the United States Department of Labor, was established in 1920. Since their start they have pushed for equal pay. In 1952 the National Committee for Equal Pay was established as a coalition of several woman's, labor, business, and civic group|groups. They began a campaign for new laws requiring equal pay. In 1945 the 79th Congress introduced an equal pay bill that did not pass. It was 18 years later when the 88th Congress passed such legislation. It was called the Equal Pay Act of 1963.

As an amendment to the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 made it against Federal law to discriminate against workers on the basis of gender. This is when "tasks require equal skill, effort, and responsibility under similar working conditions." President John F. Kennedy signed this into law on June, 10 1963. At the ceremony held in the Oval Office of the White House president Kennedy gave special recognition to several groups and individuals who worked towards this law. Among those honored were Congresswomen Edna Kelly and Edith Green, Assistant Secretary of Labor Esther Peterson, National Council of Negro Women President Dr. Dorothy Height and Business and Professional Women's Foundation President Dr. Minnie Miles.

The act passed largely due to Congress recognizing the changing in the United States. Male-supported households were becoming obsolete as more women entered the workforce. Higher divorce rates meant more female-supported households. But in the 1960s women earned only 60 cents for every dollar paid to male workers. The Equal Pay Act was intended as part of the solution to unequal pay. The Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title VII, added more to the Equal Pay Act by making it unlawful to discriminate based on race "or" sex. Title VII also added White-collar worker to the Act.

By the 1970s women were earning 75 cents per male-earned dollar. According to US Department of Labor statistics, in 2007 the rate was still at about 75 cents. The gap between college educated women and college educated men has actually widened slightly. In Fortune 500 companies (top US corporations) women still hold only about 17% of top positions. As of 2010 the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that women who worked earned about 81 cents for every (full-time) male-earned dollar.

Chloé Dufour-Lapointe

Chloé Dufour-Lapointe (born December 2, 1991 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian freestyle skier. She skied in the moguls events for Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi where she won a silver medal. Her sister Justine Dufour-Lapointe also won a gold medal in the event which was the first time that Canadian sisters stood together on the podium. She also competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver where she placed fifth on February 13, 2010.


Jincheng

Jincheng Township () is a township in the Republic of China. It is the capital of Kinmen County and Fujian Province.

Miranda v. Arizona

Miranda v. Arizona, , was a landmark decision of the United States Supreme Court. The Court ruled that a suspect in police custody must be informed of the right to consult with an attorney before and during questioning. They must be informed of the right against self-incrimination. They must also make certain the suspect understands these rights.

The Miranda warning (often abbreviated to "Miranda," or "Mirandizing" a suspect) is the name of the formal warning that is required to be given by police in the United States to criminal suspects. It must be given before they are interrogated, in accordance with the "Miranda" ruling. Its purpose is to ensure the accused are aware of these rights under the U.S. Constitution. Also so they know they know they can invoke them at any time during the interview.

On 13 March 1963, Ernesto Miranda was arrested by police officers in Phoenix, Arizona. Miranda asked why he was being arrested but was given no answer. At the time of his arrest he was not charged with any crime. Ten days earlier an 18-year-old girl claimed she had been sexually assaulted. When she talked to the police, her story changed several times. A few days later she was leaving work and saw a suspicious car she thought might be the same as the one used in her assault. A partial license plate led police to arrest and question Miranda. In a lineup, the girl could not identify her attacker but thought he looked similar to Miranda. During the interview with Miranda, police told the suspect he failed the lineup. After hours of interrogation Miranda finally signed a confession. Police also got Miranda to confess to two other cases of abduction and robbery which "cleared" two more cases.

The case of Ernesto Miranda and three other similar cases were heard before the Supreme Court. All four defendants did not have attorneys present when they were questioned. The decision was announced on 13 June 1966 by Chief Justice Earl Warren. Because of the important changes it made, he read the entire sixty pages. Four justices disagreed with the ruling. Their argument was that all the defendants confessed. Their opinion was that allowing lawyers in interrogations would prevent most suspects from confessing.

As a result, Ernesto Miranda's first conviction was overturned but he faced a second trial on sexual assault and kidnapping charges in 1967. His confession could not be used against him but the prosecutor got Miranda's girlfriend to testify he told her he did it. She said it happened three days after his police confession. He was found guilty and got the same sentence again.

There are some 17,000 police departments in the United States. They use any of hundreds of different versions of the Miranda warning. These range from a few words to over 400. One reason is that many fall into vulnerable groups who do not always understand written or oral Miranda warnings. These include those who are deaf, do not speak or read English well, juveniles, mentally ill, and or the mentally challenged. The courts have been less than protective of the rights of these groups who may not have understood their Miranda rights.

Like the Miranda warnings, other countries have written rights they give to suspects before police begin their questioning. They have procedures to insure a confession is valid in their court systems. The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms for example, provides that if someone is arrested they have certain rights. These are to be promptly told why they were arrested, told they have a right to retain legal council and the right of proof of habeas corpus (or be released from custody).

Dutch Low Saxon Wikipedia

The Dutch Low Saxon Wikipedia is the Dutch Low Saxon-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in 24 March 2006. As of 23 August 2015, it has over 5,748 articles.


Leishmaniasis

Leishmaniasis or leishmaniosis is a disease caused by protozoan parasites of the genus "Leishmania". It is spread by the bite of certain types of sandflies.

The disease has three forms:

Leishmaniasis in humans is caused by more than 20 species of "Leishmania". Risk factors include poverty, malnutrition, deforestation and urbanization. All three types can be diagnosed by identifying the parasites under a microscope. The visceral form can be diagnosed with a blood test.

Leishmaniasis can be partly prevented by sleeping under nets treated with insecticide. Another way is using insecticides to kill sandflies. Early treatment of people with the disease also helps prevent further spread. The treatment needed is determined by where the disease is acquired, the species of "Leishmania" and the type of infection. Medications used for the visceral form include: liposomal amphotericin B, a combination of pentavalent antimonials and paromomycin, and miltefosine. For the cutaneous form, paromomycin, fluconazole or pentamidine can help.

As of 2014, about 12 million people are infected in some 98 countries. There are about 2 million new cases each year. Each year, between 20 thousand and 50 thousand people die from the disease. About 200 million people in Asia, Africa, South and Central America and southern Europe live in areas where the disease is common. The World Health Organization has gotten discounts on some medications to treat the disease.

The parasites that cause the disease also infect other mammals: The disease has been described in dogs, cats, rodents, cattle and horses. In addition to the mammal, the parasite needs an insect that spreads the parasite through its sting. 
Leishmaniasis is transmitted by the bite of infected female sandflies. These can transmit the infection "Leishmania". The sandflies inject the infective stage, metacyclic promastigotes, during blood meals (1). Metacyclic promastigotes that reach the puncture wound are phagocytized by macrophages (2) and transform into amastigotes (3). Amastigotes multiply in infected cells and affect different tissues, depending in part on which "Leishmania" species is involved (4). The differences in the type of tissue affected are responsible for the different visible types of leishmaniasis. Sandflies become infected during blood meals on infected hosts when they ingest macrophages infected with amastigotes (5,6). In the sandfly's midgut, the parasites differentiate into promastigotes (7), which multiply, differentiate into metacyclic promastigotes, and migrate to the proboscis (8).

The genomes of three "Leishmania" species have been sequenced and this has provided much information about the biology of the parasite. "Leishmania" has unique features with respect to the regulation of gene expression in response to changes in the environment. The new knowledge from these studies may help identify new targets for drugs and aid the development of vaccines.

NU.nl

NU.nl is a Dutch news website. The website started in 1999. NU.nl is now part of Sanoma Media. Since 2007, NU.nl has been the most visited news website in the Netherlands. "Nu" is the Dutch word for "now".

Mary Grace Canfield

Mary Grace Canfield (September 3, 1924 – February 15, 2014) was an American actress. She began her career in 1954. She often played the role of a romance-starved spinster or wallflower.

Canfield was born in Rochester, New York. She was brought up in Pittsford, New York. Her older sister, Constance, was two years older.

Canfield died from lung cancer on February 15, 2014, aged 89, in Santa Barbara, California. She was outlived by her husband, John Bischof, and two children from a previous marriage.

Lateral spinothalamic tract

The lateral spinothalamic tract (or lateral spinothalamic fasciculus), is a part of the Anterolateral system. It is a bundle of long, thin, sensory axons. These axons carry sensory information, like pain and temperature, through the spinal cord to the brain. This information is received in the thalamus of the brain. 

De Telegraaf

De Telegraaf is the biggest Dutch newspaper. The first edition of the newspaper was on January 1, 1893. The format of the newspaper is broadsheet.


Nikhil Baran Sengupta

Nikhil Baran Sengupta (13 December 1943 – 18 February 2014) was a Bangladeshi art director, actor, painter and production designer. He was known for his role in "Janani" (1984), "Sahari Bagha" (1985), "Maa O Mamata, Suna Chadhei" (1987), "Jugantar, Tahader Katha, Bagh Bahadur" (1989) and "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" (2002).

Sengupta died 18 February 2014 in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India aged 70.


Tom Lester

Thomas William Lester (September 23, 1938 – April 20, 2020) was an American actor and evangelist. He is best known for his role as farmhand Eb Dawson on the television series "Green Acres". He appeared in the feature movies "Gordy" and "Benji".

On April 20, 2020, Lester died due to problems caused by Parkinson's disease in Nashville, Tennessee. He was 81.

Home Alone 4

Home Alone: Taking Back the House (also known as Home Alone 4: Taking Back the House or simply known as Home Alone 4) is an American family criminal comedy television movie. It first aired on ABC on November 3, 2002. "Home Alone 4" was directed by Rod Daniel and is the fourth movie in the "Home Alone" movie series.

The movie has some of the main characters from the first , but all of the roles are played by different actors. The story is in Chicago, but the movie was actually filmed in South Africa.

The movie was not very popular. A planned TV series based on the movie was canceled because of the poor reviews. It is a reboot of the "Home Alone" franchise. In the film, Kevin (Mike Weinberg) gets upset when he hears his parents, Peter and Kate McCalister (Jason Beghe and Clare Carey) will get divorced. He is forced to choose where to celebrate Christmas, at his house or at his dad and his new wife, Natalie's (Joanna Going) mansion. Begrudgingly, he chooses to spend it at Natalie's mansion. However, when he gets there, he has to protect the house from his old nemesis Marv (French Stewart) and his wife/sidekick, Vera (Missi Pyle).

 

Alexandre Bilodeau

Alexandre Bilodeau (born September 8, 1987 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian retired freestyle skier. He skied in the men's moguls events for Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. He won the gold medal at the 2010 Games and became the first Canadian to win a gold medal at an Olympic Games held in Canada. Bilodeau also competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi where he successfully defended his gold medal and became the first Canadian to defend an individual title since Catriona Lemay Doan at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. He has also won FIS World Championships in dual moguls.

On March 21, 2014, Bilodeau said that he was going to retire after the 2013–14 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup season.


Vagra

Vagra (or Vaghara, ) is a town in Gujarat, India. It is a taluka of the district of Bharuch. It is located north-west of the town of Bharuch. It contains around 70 villages. These are spread between the coast of the Gulf of Khambhat and the northern side of the Narmada River.

Eric Brewer

Eric Peter Brewer (born April 17, 1979) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Anaheim Ducks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Tampa Bay Lightning, St. Louis Blues, Edmonton Oilers, New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also won a gold medal with Team Canada at the 2002 Winter Olympics.

Before playing in the NHL, Brewer played 3 seasons in the Western Hockey League with the Prince George Cougars. He was drafted with the 5th overall pick by the New York Islanders in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Islanders on October 10, 1998 in a game against the Pittsburgh Penguins. He scored his first NHL career goal on November 5, 1998 against Trevor Kidd of the Carolina Hurricanes.

He was traded along with Josh Green and their second round selection (Brad Winchester) at the 2000 NHL Entry Draft to the Edmonton Oilers for Roman Hamrlík. Brewer played 2 seasons with the Oilers and 1 season with their American Hockey League affiliate Lowell Lock Monsters.

After the 2004-05 NHL lockout, Brewer was traded along with Jeff Woywitka and Doug Lynch to the St. Louis Blues for Chris Pronger. Brewer would play 6 seasons with the Blues and was traded to Tampa Bay Lightning for Brock Beukeboom and a third round selection in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a four year, $15.4-million contract extension with the Lightning on June 24, 2011.

On November 28, 2014, the Lightning traded him to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for a third-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Geocentrism

Geocentrism is the belief that the Earth is fixed at the centre of the Universe. Geocentrists accept that the Earth is round. Before the 16th century, most people believed in the theory of geocentrism. From Earth, it looks like the Sun and stars are moving across the sky. The geocentric model was the predominant description of the cosmos in many European ancient civilizations, such as those of Aristotle in Classical Greece and Ptolemy in Roman Egypt. In about 150 AD, Ptolemy wrote a book to explain in great detail how the spherical Earth is surrounded by things that move in the sky. Ptolemy’s geocentric model was adopted and refined during the Islamic Golden Age, which Muslims believed correlated with the teachings of Islam. From the time of Ptolemy through to the 16th century AD, educated people who knew the Earth is round almost always believed in Ptolemy’s geocentric theory.

From the 15th to the 17th century, astronomers, especially Copernicus, Galileo and Kepler, found evidence that the Earth is not fixed but moves round the Sun. That is called heliocentrism.


Jessica Szohr

Jessica Karen Szohr (pronounced "zorr"; born March 31, 1985) is an American actress. In the series "Gossip Girl", she played Vanessa. In "Piranha 3D" she played Kelly.

Szohr was born in Wisconsin.

Young Earth creationism

Young Earth creationism (YEC) is the belief that the God of Judaism or Christianity created the Universe, the Earth and all life on Earth over a short time between 5,700 and 10,000 years ago. Those who believe young Earth creationism are mainly Christians and Jews. They believe the Genesis account of creation in the Bible is completely true. Young Earth creationists believe that God created the Earth in six 24-hour days. They disagree with other creationists because they believe when it tells the age of the Earth. 

Science demonstrates that the universe is more than 13 billion years old while the earth has existed for 4.5 billion years.


Old Earth creationism

Old Earth creationism is a term that covers many different types of creationism. 

Kaavi

Kaavi is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. It had almost 3,260 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kuopio, Juuka, Outokumpu, Polvijärvi and Tuusniemi.

Kaavi was established 1813.



Dress clothes

Dress clothes are clothing that is less formal than formal wear but more formal than casual wear.

For boys and men, an outfit of dress clothing includes items like a necktie, a dress shirt, trousers, dress socks, and dress shoes.

For girls or women, an outfit of dress clothing can include either slacks, a skirt, or a dress. With slacks or a skirt, a shirt or blouse is worn. With a skirt or dress, hosiery such as pantyhose might be worn.

Dress clothing is often worn for nights out. It is worn in white collar work environments such as offices. Other appropriate places include gatherings such as graduations, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs, and funerals.

Name tag

A name tag is a badge or sticker worn on the outermost clothing as a means of displaying the wearer's name for others to view.

"Hello my name is" stickers, first introduced by C-Line Products in 1959, became hugely popular.

Many graffiti artists have been known to use these stickers as tags.

Outokumpu

Outokumpu is a city in North Karelia, Finland. It had almost 7,300 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Heinävesi, Kaavi, Liperi, Polvijärvi and Tuusniemi.

The municipality was previously called "Kuusjärvi" until 1968.

A deep hole was drilled near here between 2004 and 2005. The hole is 2,516 meters deep and its diameter is 22 cm. It was made for reseach purposes by the Russian company Nedra.

Kalaton, Kuusjärvi, Kokonvaara, Maljasalmi, Rikkaranta, Sysmä, Taipale, Varislahti, Viuruniemi, Ulla, Alavi, Harmaasalo, Törisevä, Vuonos, Kuminvaara, Sätös and Paloranta.


Bow tie

The bow tie is a type of boys and men's necktie. It consists of a ribbon of fabric tied around the collar in a symmetrical manner such that the two opposite ends form loops. Ready-tied bow ties are available, in which the distinctive bow is sewn and a band goes around the neck and clips to secure. Some "clip-ons" dispense with the band altogether, instead clipping to the collar. The traditional bow tie, consisting of a strip of cloth which the wearer has to tie by hand, may be known as a "self-tie," "tie-it-yourself," or "freestyle" bow tie to distinguish it from these.

Äänekoski

Äänekoski is a city in Central Finland. It had about 20,060 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kannonkoski, Konnevesi, Laukaa, Saarijärvi, Uurainen, Vesanto and Viitasaari.

The former municipalities of Sumiainen and Suolahti were merged with Äänekoski in 2007.


Ikaalinen

Ikaalinen is a town in Pirkanmaa, Finland. It had about 7,295 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Hämeenkyrö, Jämijärvi, Kankaanpää, Parkano, Sastamala and Ylöjärvi.


Kankaanpää

Kankaanpää is a city in Satakunta, Finland. It had about 12,000 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Honkajoki, Ikaalinen, Jämijärvi, Karvia, Parkano, Pomarkku, Sastamala and Siikainen.

The municipality of Lavia is today a part of Pori. Lavia is also near Kankaanpää.

Municipalities inside Kankaanpää are Kankaanpää, Niinisalo, Vihteljärvi, Lohikko, Venesjärvi and Veneskoski. 

The town manager is Mika Hatanpää. Before him the town manager was Paavo Karttunen. 

- Kankaanpään Suunnistajat (KanSu) orienteering

- Kankaanpään Maila (KaMa) baseball

- Kankaanpään Pallo (KaPa) football

- Kankaanpään Uimarit (KankU) swimming

- etc.

In Kankaanpää has been found lots of Stone Age artifacts. But not so many Copper or Iron Age artifacts.

First inhabitants were in Kankaanpää in 16th century with 10 houses. 

In early 19th century population of Kankaanpää was about 2,000. In 1850s the population was about 4,000. 

The church of Kankaanpää has been built in 1839. Architect of church was C. L. Engel. There is a military and old cemetery in the garden of church. Other cemeteries are in the downtown and near the church. 

There were not big battles in Kankaanpää in the Civil war. Sampakoski battle was on 22. February 1918 in Sampakoski near Lavia. The whites won the reds there. There is novadays a memorial of the battle. Near the battlefield is the cemetery of the reds. 

Kankaanpää has founded in 1865 and it became a market town in 1967 and at last a town in 1972. 

The local magazine Kankaanpään Seutu has founded in 1968. Before it the local magazine was Kankaanpään aluesanomat. The chief reporter of Kankaanpään Seutu is Jarkko Ambrusin. 


Tsarevich of Russia

The title of Tsarevich of Russia was traditionally used by the heir apparent or heir presumptive in the Russian Empire. The title was used with the style "Imperial Highness". The title was usually only used by males due to females being prevented from succeeding the throne after Catherine the Great. 

It is often confused with "tsarevich", which is the title for any son of a tsar. Normally, there was only one "tsesarevich" at a time (an exception was Grand Duke Constantine Pavlovich, who was accorded the title until death, even though law gave it to his nephew), and the title was used exclusively in Russia. 

The title came to be used together with the formal style "successor" ("Naslednik"), as in "His Imperial Highness the Successor Tsesarevich and Grand Duke". The wife of the "Tsesarevich" was the Tsesarevna.



<br>

Islam in Morocco

Islam in Morocco is the largest religion making up about 99% of the population. The remaining 1% are Christian and Jewish.

Islam was first brought to Morocco in 680 by an Arab invasion under Oqba ben Nafi. He rode his horse into the Atlantic Ocean saying that was all that prevented him from more conquests. He called Morocco "Maghreb al-Aksa" (meaning the farthest west). In 788, The Zaydi Shia Idrisids ruled large parts of Morocco. Later, several Berbers formed more powerful Islamic dynasties that reigned over the country. Among them were the Almoravids, who were the first to unite Morocco. They also united significant regions in West Africa, Spain and Algeria. These Almoravids were responsible for making the Maliki school the most prominent in Morocco. 

Today Morocco is mostly Sunni. Of the four Sunni Muslims in Morocco are mainly of the Maliki school.

<br>

Toivakka

Toivakka is a municipality in Central Finland. It had almost 2,050 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Hankasalmi, Joutsa, Jyväskylä, Kangasniemi, Laukaa and Muurame.

Haukanmaa, Huikko, Humalamäki, Kankainen, Nisula, Paloskylä, Ruuhimäki, Taka-Toivakka, Vihijärvi and Viisarimäki.


Viinijärvi

Viinijärvi is a lake in North Karelia, Finland. It is next to the municipalities of Liperi, Polvijärvi and Outokumpu. The largest communities on the lake are Outokumpu, Viinijärvi village and Polvijärvi. Viinijärvi is one of the 50 largest lakes in Finland.

Simón Díaz

Simón Narciso Díaz Márquez (August 8, 1928 – February 19, 2014) was a Venezuelan singer. He was a Grammy Award winning composer of Venezuelan music.

On September 30, 2008, the Latin Grammy Awards announced that it would honor Díaz with a Lifetime Achievement Award, (El Premio del Consejo Directivo).

Díaz had Alzheimer's disease for many years. He died on 19 February 2014 in Caracas, Venezuela.


Urho Kekkonen National Park

Urho Kekkonen National Park () is a national park in northern Lapland in Finland. It is near the cities of Savukoski, Sodankylä and Inari. The park began in 1983 and is one of the largest national parks in Finland.

Gene Saks

Gene Saks (Jean Michael Saks; November 8, 1921 – March 28, 2015) was an American stage and movie director. He is known for his movies "Barefoot in the Park", "The Odd Couple", and "Cactus Flower". 

Saks was born in New York City on November 6, 1921. He studied at Cornell University and at The New School. Saks was married to Bea Arthur from 1950 to 1980. They had two children. He married to Keren Saks. They have one child.

Saks died from pneumonia in his East Hampton, New York home on March 28, 2015, aged 93.


Regions of Finland

Finland is divided into 19 regions. These are the main administrative divisions of the country.



Iijoki

Iijoki is river in Finland. It flows through Northern Ostrobothnia. It is long. It flows to the Bothnian Bay.

Bothnian Bay

Bothnian Bay (; ) is a bay in the northest of the Gulf of Bothnia.

The largest island is Hailuoto, which is part of Finland. It is the only permanently populated island in the bay.

Perämeri National Park is located in Bothnian Bay.

Ashleigh McIvor

Ashleigh McIvor (born September 15, 1983 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian retired freestyle skier. She skied in the women's ski cross event for Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. She became the first gold medal winner of the event. She has also competed at the Winter X Games where she was able to place second. She suffered a devastating ACL injury in her knee which ended her season and was a factor in her retirement from competitive skiing in the fall of 2012. She announced "I’ve gone back and forth in my mind, wondering if I’m making the right decision to retire. But I’ve already done more in the sport than I ever imagined would be possible and there’s something to be said for going out on top, as the reigning Olympic champion."


Vaskojoki

Vaskojoki is a river in Finnish Lapland. It is in western Inari, Lemmenjoki National Park. It is long. It flows into Lake Paatari. 

Metro Davao

Metro Davao is a metropolitan area in the Philippines. It includes the cities of Davao City, Digos in Davao del Sur, Tagum, Panabo and Samal in Davao del Norte.

Sandfly

Sandflies are a group of flies, many of which feed on blood and are vectors of parasites. 

The group is the Phlebotominae, a subfamily of flies. Parasitic diseases spread by the flies include leishmaniasis, bartonellosis and pappataci fever. In the New World leishmaniasis is spread by sand flies in the genus "Lutzomyia". "Lutzomyia" often live in caves, where their main hosts are bats. In the Old World sand flies in the genus "Phlebotomus" spread leishmaniasis.

Phlebotomine females, and only females, suck blood from various mammals, reptiles and birds. Some species are selective, whereas others bite any suitable host they find. All species need a blood meal for every following clutch of eggs after the first. Proteins and other nutrients in the blood enable the female to produce eggs. 

The flies use their mouthparts to start the host bleeding. They then suck up the exposed blood. Like practically all blood-feeding parasites, they inject biochemicals that inhibit blood clotting, plus some that stimulate host mast cells to produce histamine; this distend capillary vessels, thereby promoting blood flow.

One blood meal can support the production of about 100 eggs. Females lay their eggs in humid soil rich in organic matter.

Sand flies are small; a body size of about 3mm in length is typical. This helps them in escape notice. Their bite is not always felt, but leaves a small round, reddish bump that starts itching hours or days later. Use of insect repellent is recommended in areas where sand flies are present.

Paimio

Paimio () is a town in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014, almost 11,000 people lived there.

Nearby municipalities are Lieto, Kaarina, Marttila, Salo, Sauvo and Tarvasjoki.


Lake Ladoga

Lake Ladoga (, ) is very large lake in Russia. It is the largest lake in Europe and one of the 20 largest lakes on Earth. 

There are six hundreds islands in the lake.

Road bicycle racing

Road bicycle racing is a sport where people race on bicycle along paved roads. Usually riders start the race at the same time. The winner is the first to the finish line at the end of the route.

Road bicycle racing is popular in Belgium, Colombia, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Switzerland. More recently, countries such as Kazakhstan, Australia, Venezuela, Russia, Slovakia, South Africa, New Zealand, Norway, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Poland and the United States have also become very good at racing.

Road bicycle racing began as a sport in 1868. The first world championship was in 1893. Cycling has been part of the Olympic Games since 1896.

At the beginning the sport was popular in France, Spain, Belgium, and Italy. Some of the first races were Liège–Bastogne–Liège (started in 1892), Paris-Roubaix (1896), the Tour de France (1903), the Milan – San Remo and Giro di Lombardia (1905), the Giro d'Italia (1909) and the Tour of Flanders (1913). Nowadays there are many other races, but these historic races remain the most famous and many cyclists want to win them.
Single day races are held on one day. The race can be any distance from a few kilometres to over 200km. The race route may go from one place to another, or be a number of laps of a circuit. Some routes take the riders from a starting place and then finish with several laps of a circuit. This helps create excitement for the crowd at the finish.

An individual time trial is an event in which cyclists race alone against the clock. A team time trial is where teams of cyclists race against the clock. In both types of time trial, each cyclist or team starts the race at different times so that each start is fair and equal. The winner is the cyclist or team who finishes the race in the fastest time. Race distances vary from a few km to 60 and rarely more than 100 km.

Stage races are made up of races held for several days in a row. These races are called stages. The competitor with the lowest total time to finish all the stages is the overall winner. He or she is called the general classification (GC) winner. Stage races often have other awards, such as prizes for each stage winners, the points classification winner, and the "King of the Mountains" winner. Some stage races include time trials or team time trials. The stage winner is the first person to cross the finish line that day or the time trial rider (or team) with the lowest time on the course.

These races are very long single stage events. They usually last several days. The winner is the first one to cross the finish line. The riders take breaks on their own schedules. One of the best-known ultramarathons is the Race Across America (RAAM). It is a coast-to-coast non-stop, single-stage race. Riders cover approximately 3,000 miles in about a week.

The winner of the race is the first rider to cross the finish line. However many riders are grouped together in teams. Teams usually have commercial sponsors and are named after the main sponsor. For example some famous teams have been called T-Mobile, Rabobank, ONCE, and Lampre. There can be up to twelve team members in professional races. Team riders decide which team member has the best chance of winning the race. The choice will depend on how hilly the route is, the chance that everyone will finish together in a sprint, and other things. The rest of the team will work to help him or her win the race.

In professional races, radios are used so that the team can talk to each other and the team director. The team director often travels in a team car behind the race to monitor the whole race. The influence of radios on race tactics is controversial, and some people think radios have led to less exciting racing. In September 2009, the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), the governing body of pro cycling, voted to ban team radios in men's top level road racing.

Different cyclists have different strengths and weaknesses. Therefore a rider may prefer different events over particular courses, and perform different roles within a team.

The main types of rider in road bicycle racing are:

A number of tactics are used to win a race. Tactics can be different in single stage races and stage races.

Tactics are based on drafting. This is where a rider can reduce the effort needed to pedal by following the rider in front very closely. Riding with others in the main field, called the peloton, can save as much as 40% of the energy needed to ride alone. Riders can help each other to ride at high speed, or one rider can sit on a competitor's wheel, forcing him to do more work and get tired earlier. Some teams have a leader, and the rest of the team let him or her draft them to save their energy for the important bit of the race. Drafting is not allowed in individual time trials.

A small group of riders sometimes "breaks away" in front of the main group. When they work together a small group can sometimes go faster than the peloton, if the peloton does not organise to chase them. The riders in the breakaway try to win the race, and in the breakaway there are fewer rivals for the win.

If a break does not succeed and the peloton catches up with them, a sprinter will usually win the race by sprinting faster than everyone else in the final few hundred metres. The team works together to make sure their sprinter is in a good position to win.

Climbs are very good places for a single rider to try and leave the others behind. If the finish of the race is at the top of the climb, or not far past the top, a single rider can stay in front of the peloton and win the race.

In a stage race each day's stage is like a race within the bigger race. Each stage has a winner, either the first rider across the line, or in a time trial the rider or team with the quickest time. After each stage the general classification ranking is also worked out. The rider with the lowest total time for all the stages is the leader. The leader wears a special jersey for the next day's stage. 

In multi-stage races, the GC leader will watch break-aways carefully if there is a rider close to him in the general classification. However often the GC leader will not react to a break-away. This happens if the escaping riders are a long way behind in the GC, and do not have a chance of taking the GC lead. Riders who are far behind often escapes because they want to win the stage or collect points for sprinting or climbing mountains. Riders may also go in a break-away to get television time for their team sponsors because the break-away often gets shown on the television coverage.

The most famous cycling race is the Tour de France, a stage race lasting three weeks. It takes place mostly in France, usually ending in Paris. Similar races are held in Italy (the Giro d'Italia) and Spain (the Vuelta a España). These three races make up the "grand tours".

Professional racing is controlled by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI). In 2005 it started the UCI World Tour. The World Tour includes the Grand Tours and other large stage races such as Tour Down Under, Tour de Suisse, Paris–Nice and the Critérium de Dauphiné Libéré.

Some one day races are also part of the World Tour: Milan – San Remo (Italy), Tour of Flanders (Belgium), Paris-Roubaix (France), Liège–Bastogne–Liège (Belgium) and Amstel Gold Race (Netherlands) in the spring, and Clásica de San Sebastián (Spain), HEW Cyclassics (Germany), Züri-Metzgete (Switzerland), Paris–Tours (France) and Giro di Lombardia (Italy) in the autumn season.

Cycling has been at the Olympics since 1896. There are usually road race and individual time trial events for both men and women.

The other important one-day race is the World Championships. The World Championships is held on a different course each year and ridden by national rather than sponsored teams. The winner wears a white jersey with coloured bands (often called "rainbow bands") around the chest.

In Europe and in the United States, cycle racing on the road is a summer sport. The season can start in early spring and end in autumn. 


Pinewood, Suffolk

Pinewood is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England.

Pope Leo II

Pope Leo II (611 – 28 June 683) was pope of the Catholic Church from 17 August 682 until he died in 28 June 683. He put an end to attempts by the Ravenna archbishops to get away from the control of the Bishop of Rome. He helped the deal for the Ravenna bishops by putting an end to the tax it had been usual for them to pay when they received the pallium. After Agatho died, Leo was elected pope. When Leo died, he was buried in his own monument. After a few years, his remains were moved to a tomb which contained the first four Pope Leos.

Bond girl

Bond girls are female characters in James Bond movies, books and video games. They play the love interest of Bond. There are no set rules on what kind of role a Bond girl plays. Some examples of Bond girls are Solitaire, Tatiana Romanova, and Vivienne Michel.

Bond girls are usually aged in their early-to-mid 20s, about 10 years younger than Bond. Their normal dress is conventional without much jewellery. The dress style, however, varies. 

There have been only two movies in which Bond falls in love with a Bond girl and actually marries one of them. The first was was "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (1969), where Bond falls in love with and marries Countess Tereza di Vicenzo played by Diana Rigg, who is shot dead during their honeymoon. The most recent of them was "Casino Royale" (2006), where Bond falls in love with Vesper Lynd played by Eva Green.

Ursula Andress played the character Honey Ryder in "Dr. No" (1962) and Vesper Lynd in "Casino Royale" (1967). Halle Berry's was a character in "Die Another Day". Others who were Bond girls are Britt Ekland, Claudine Auger, Lois Chiles, Carole Bouquet, Tanya Roberts, Teri Hatcher, Gemma Arterton, Rosamund Pike and Léa Seydoux.

Vesper Lynd

Vesper Lynd is a character in several James Bond movies and in the novel Casino Royale. She is a Bond girl. 

In the novel, she works for MI6 and assists Bond whilst gambling in France. She later turns out to be a double agent.
In the 1967 movie "Casino Royale", she is a former MI6 agent who has an affair with a man named Evelyn Tremble. She later betrays him. 

In the 2006 movie "Casino Royale", she is a foreign liaison agent. She is also a double agent working for a terrorist group named Quantum, which MI6 are trying to stop. She later falls in love with Bond. She embezzles money for Quantum, but Bond does not know that. She dies when an elevator she is in fills with water. 

Vesper Lynd is played by Ursula Andress in the 1967 movie and by Eva Green in 2006 movie.

Lo que la vida me robó

Lo Que La Vida Me Robó (International Title: What Life Took From Me) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina for Televisa. It is a remake of "Bodas de odio", produced by Ernesto Alonso in 1983. In 2003, "Amor real", the first remake, was produced by Carla Estrada. Unlike "Bodas de odio" and "Amor real", "Lo Que La Vida Me Robó" has been adapted to the present time.

Margarita Stāraste-Bordevīka

Margarita Stāraste-Bordevīka (; born Margarita Barvikha ; 2 February 1914 – 18 February 2014) was a Russian-born Latvian author and illustrator. She was known for her books for children.

Her most popular books are ""Balti tīri sniega vīri"" (1942), ""Ziemassvētku pasakas"" (1943), ""Zīļuks"" (1961), ""Pasaku ābece"" (1969) and ""Lācīša Rūcīša raibā diena"" (1977). Her first book was published in 1942. She co-authored a collection of folk songs in Livonian. ""Urū! Rurū!"" (1994) was published in both Latvian and Livonian.

She was born Margarita Barvika on 2 February 1914 in Vladimir, Russian Empire. She was awarded the title as Commander of the Order of the Three Stars on 7 April 1999.

Margarita Stāraste-Bordevīka died on 18 February 2014, at the age of 100.

Israir Airlines

Israir Airlines Ltd. () is an Israeli airline. It is the second largest airline in Israel. It operates in North America, Europe and Asia. About 350 people work for Israir Airlines.

Gremlins 2: The New Batch

Gremlins 2: The New Batch is a 1990 American comedy-horror movie. It is about gremlins who attack people in a high-rise office building. The gremlins get wet and are killed when an electric gremlin shocks them. A female gremlin survives and later marries. Phoebe Cates plays Kate Beringer. Howie Mandel plays Gizmo. Julia Sweeney plays Peggy. It is the sequel to Gremlins.

This movie was released in June 1990. The review from some critics was very positive. The box office was not good. The rating in the United States was PG-13.

George Everest

Sir George Everest (; 4 July 1790 – 1 December 1866) was a Welsh surveyor and geographer. He was the Surveyor General of India from 1830 through 1843.

Everest was born on 4 July 1790 in Gwernvale Manor, just west of Crickhowell in Powys. He was baptised in Greenwich.

He was largely responsible for completing the section of the Great Trigonometric Survey of India along the meridian arc from southern India extending north to Nepal, a distance of about . This survey was started by William Lambton in 1806 and it lasted for several decades. In 1865, Mount Everest was named in his honour despite his objections by the Royal Geographical Society. This enormous peak was surveyed by Everest's successor, Andrew Scott Waugh, in his role as the Surveyor-General of India.

Everest died on 1 December 1866 in London, England. He was 76.

Toni Ucci

Antonio "Toni" Ucci (13 January 1922 – 19 February 2014) was an Italian actor and comedian from Rome. He appeared in 86 movies between 1948 and 2000.

Ucci died from natural causes on 19 February 2014, aged 92, in his hometown of Rome.

Volapük Wikipedia

The Volapük Wikipedia is the Volapük version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia. See List of Wikipedias.

It is 54th largest edition by article count.

Some believe that Wikipedia should get rid of it, because most of the changes come from one bot user. 

Pope Anicetus

Pope Anicetus (ca. 155-166), was the tenth Pope of the Catholic Church, the official title is the Bishop of Rome. During his time as Pope, Rome became a center of Christian knowledge with the teachings of St. Hegesippus, St. Justin Martyr and St. Polycarp, a follower of St. John the Evangelist.

During his time as Pope, there were many discussions of when, exactly, the feast of the Resurrection (Easter) should be celebrated. This Pope favored the custom of celebrating Easter on a Sunday while others thought it should be celebrated on Passover, whatever day of the week that it should fall on. Anacetus's practice of celebrating Easter on Sunday was maintained while members of the Eastern Church favored Passover.
His feast day is celebrated on April 17.

Abduwali Muse

Abduwali Muse (born 1990) is a Somali pirate. In 2009, he captured a ship from the United States and took its captain Richard Phillips as hostage. He was sentenced to over 33 years in prison on 16 February 2011.

Bileh

Bileh is a Somali pirate. He acts as a spokesperson for his group. He is based in Eyl in Puntland. He operates in both the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.

American Idiot (song)

"American Idiot" is the first single and title track off American punk rock band Green Day's seventh studio album "American Idiot". The song was released on 31 August, 2004. The song criticizes the United States around 2004. The song was nominated for 4 Grammy Awards for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, Best Rock Song, Best Short Form Music Video and Record of the Year. The band performed the song at the 2005 Grammy Awards.

The video features Green Day playing in a warehouse in front of a green American flag. The band plays at different speeds in the middle of the video. The stripes of the flag melt onto the ground during the bridge. They are sprayed by a green liquid from amplifiers next to the flag. The end of the video shows the band dropping their instruments and leaving.

Malcolm Tierney

Malcolm Tierney (25 February 1938 – 18 February 2014) was an English actor. He began his career in 1964. He had many different roles in movies, television shows, and theatre. He was born in Manchester, which was then part of Lancashire.

Tierney died on 18 February 2014, at the age of 75.

Natalya Gorbanevskaya

Natalya Yevgenyevna Gorbanevskaya (; 26 May 1936 – 29 November 2013) was a Russian poet, journalist, translator of Polish literature and civil rights activist.

She was born in Moscow. She graduated from the Saint Petersburg State University in 1964. In 2005, she became a citizen of Poland.

Gorbanevskaya died on 29 November 2013 at her home in Paris, France. She was aged 77.

Jay Leggett

Jay Michael Leggett (August 9, 1963 – November 23, 2013) was an American actor, improvisational comedian, producer, director, and screenwriter. He was born in Tomahawk, Wisconsin. Leggett graduated from Tomahawk High School before he received his Bachelor's degree in fine arts from the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point.

After a day of deer hunting, Leggett died from a massive heart attack on November 23, 2013 in Lincoln County, Wisconsin. He was aged 50.

Kristinestad

Kristinestad () is a town in the Ostrobothia region of Finland. There were about 7,000 people living there in January 2014. It is next to the municipalities of Isojoki, Karijoki, Merikarvia, Närpes and Teuva. The people living in the town are bilingual; about 56% of the people speak Swedish. Most of the rest, about 42%, speak Finnish.


Teuva

Teuva () is a municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. There were about 5,700 people living there on 31 January 2014. It is next to the municipalities of Karijoki, Kauhajoki, Kristinestad, Kurikka and Närpes. About 99% of the people living there speak Finnish. Teuva was established in 1868.

Horonkylä, Kauppila, Kirkonkylä, Korvenkylä, Komsi, Luovankylä, Norinkylä, Perälä, Riippi and Äystö,


Ilmajoki

Ilmajoki () is a municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. There were about 12,090 people living there on January 31, 2014. It is next to the municipalities of Isokyrö, Jalasjärvi, Kurikka, Laihia and Seinäjoki. Most of the people speak Finnish.



Ostrobothnia (historical province)

Ostrobothnia () is a historical province in Finland. In terms of today's regions, it covered all of Kainuu, Ostrobothnia, Central Ostrobothnia, Northern Ostrobothnia, most of Southern Ostrobothnia and the southern part of Finnish Lapland, "Peräpohjola".

Fuck the System

Fuck the System is the eighth studio album by Scottish hardcore punk band, The Exploited. "Fuck the System" was released in January 2003. 

On 14 October 2003, 500 fans started a riot in Montreal, Quebec after an Exploited concert was cancelled because the band was not allowed into Canada. The band was then banned in Mexico City after city officials heard about the riot.

Beat the Bastards

Beat the Bastards is the seventh studio album by Scottish hardcore punk band, The Exploited. "Beat the Bastards" was released on April 23, 1996. Allmusic rated the album 3 stars out of 5.

Death Before Dishonour

Death Before Dishonour is the fifth studio album by Scottish punk rock band, The Exploited. "Death Before Dishonour" was released on April 15, 1987. The album was re-released on June 19, 2001. The single "Sexual Favours" had a music video released for it. The album was ranked in the top 200 of the Britain Alternative Music list. The re-release of the album featured seven more tracks.

Jalasjärvi

Jalasjärvi is a former municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, in Finland. There were about 7,950 people living there on January 31, 2014. It is next to the municipalities of Ilmajoki, Karvia, Kauhajoki, Kihniö, Kurikka, Parkano and Seinäjoki. Most of the people speak Finnish. Literally Jalasjärvi refers to water ("järvi" means "lake"), but only 1% of the area is water. On 1 January 2016, it was merged to the town of Kurikka.

Alavalli, Hirvijärvi, Ilvesjoki, Taivalmaa and Ylivalli.


Luosto

Luosto is a hill in Finnish Lapland, in the Sodankylä municipality. It is about 510 meters high. It is part of Pyhä-Luosto National Park.


Horror Epics

Horror Epics is the fourth studio album by Scottish punk rock band, The Exploited. "Horror Epics" was released on April 15th 1985. The album was re-released in 2004 on the Captain Oi! label. Allmusic rated the album 2 stars out of 5.

Side one

Side two

Re-release bonus tracks

Let's Start a War

Let's Start a War (also known as Let's Start a War... (Said Maggie One Day)) is the third studio album by Scottish punk rock band, The Exploited. "Let's Start a War" was released in 1983. It was re-released in 1998 on the Captain Oi! label. The name of the album refers to Margaret Thatcher's decision to go to war over the Falkland Islands in 1982. The reissue featured three songs from their Rival Leaders EP.

Side one

Side two

Korsholm

Korsholm () is a municipality in western Finland. It was founded in 1606. It is in the Ostrobothnia region. Most of the people living there speak Swedish.

Troops of Tomorrow

Troops of Tomorrow is the second studio album by Scottish punk rock band, The Exploited. "Troops of Tomorrow" was released in 1982. American heavy metal band Slayer and rapper Ice-T covered a medley called "Disorder" which was featured on the soundtrack to the 1993 movie Judgment Night. The song "UK82" was also used as the opening and closing theme for the 1983 movie "Made in Britain" starring Tim Roth.

The music video for the song "Fuck the USA" starts with a typed intro and says "And so... a Pandora's box of rejection and reaction was opened. Today, thousands carry on the greatest anti-movement of our age. Punk rock, the end of our dreams..." The lead vocalist Wattie Buchan starts shouting while the music starts. They play on stage while there are some clips of the band walking around the streets of Scotland and having fun. The song ends with an interview with the band.

Side one

Side two

Rukatunturi

Rukatunturi () is a hill (or fell) in Kuusamo, Finland. It is 490 metres (1,610 ft) high. There is a ski resort there.


Stephen Synnott

Stephen P. Synnott is an American astronomer. He is also a scientist for the Voyager program. He discovered several moons of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.

He discovered Metis, Puck, Larissa, Proteus, and Thebe.

The minor planet 6154 Stevesynnott was named after him.

Punks Not Dead

Punks Not Dead is the debut studio album by Scottish punk rock band, The Exploited. "Punks Not Dead" was released in April 1981. They made the album as a reaction to critics who thought that the genre was dead, and was also against popular trends such as New Wave, hardcore and post-punk. The album is regarded as one of the definitive Oi! albums. The album peaked at #20 on the UK charts in May of that year.

Side one

Side two

2001 Re-release

Schwartz–Jampel syndrome

Schwartz–Jampel syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes muscles to be constantly tense.

SI (disambiguation)

SI, Si, or si may refer to:




Igor Kurnosov

Igor Dmitrievich Kurnosov (; 30 May 1985 – 8 August 2013) was a Russian chess grandmaster. In 2008, he won the Arctic Chess Challenge. He was also the winner of 2008/9 Hastings Masters tournament.

Kurnosov died after he was hit by a car in the early hours of 8 August 2013 in his hometown of Chelyabinsk. He was aged 28.


16 BC

Year 16 BC was either a common year starting on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday or a leap year starting on Monday or Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Ahenobarbus and Scipio.



17 BC

Year 17 BC was either a common year starting on Sunday or Monday or a leap year starting on Saturday, Sunday or Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Furnius and Silanus.



18 BC

Year 18 BC was either a common year starting on Friday, Saturday or Sunday or a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Lentulus.


19 BC

Year 19 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday, Friday or Saturday or a leap year starting on Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Saturninus and Vespillo.




20 BC

Year 20 BC was either a common year starting on Wednesday or Thursday or a leap year starting on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Appuleius and Nerva.



Queen Alexandra's birdwing

Queen Alexandra's birdwing is a rare butterfly. It was named for Alexandra of Denmark. It lives only in the northern province of Papua New Guinea. The wingspan of this butterfly is 11 inches or more for an adult female. This makes it the largest butterfly. The abdomen is bright yellow. It has brightly colored wings, mostly light blue and black.

The Queen Alexandra's birdwing was discovered by Albert Stewart Meek
21 BC

Year 21 BC was either a common year starting on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday or a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lollius and Lepidus.



22 BC

Year 22 BC was either a common year starting on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday or a leap year starting on Sunday or Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Marcellus and Arruntius.


23 BC

Year 23 BC was either a common year starting on Saturday or Sunday or a leap year starting on Friday, Saturday or Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Varro.




24 BC

Year 24 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday, Friday or Saturday or a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Flaccus.


25 BC

Year 25 BC was either a common year starting on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday or a leap year starting on Wednesday or Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Silanus.




26 BC

Year 26 BC was either a common year starting on Tuesday or Wednesday or a leap year starting on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Taurus.



28 BC

Year 28 BC was either a common year starting on Saturday, Sunday or Monday or a leap year starting on Saturday or Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the First Consulship of Octavian and Agrippa.



29 BC

Year 29 BC was either a common year starting on Friday or Saturday or a leap year starting on Thursday, Friday or Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Octavian and Appuleius.


Charlotte Dawson

Charlotte Dawson (8 April 1966 – 22 February 2014) was a New Zealand-Australian television presenter, model and activist. She was best known as a host on "The Contender Australia" and as a judge on "Australia's Next Top Model".

She was born in Auckland, New Zealand. At age sixteen, she worked as a model in Europe and with Ford Models, New York in the United States. In 1999, she married Olympic swimmer Scott Miller. The couple divorced in 2000.

Dawson committed suicide by hanging on the morning of 22 February 2014 at her home in Woolloomooloo, Sydney, New South Wales. She was 47 years old. Police said they were called to the home at 11:18 a.m. and that there were no suspicious circumstances to the death. She had a long history of depression. She tried to commit suicide in August 2012, after a much publicised battle with Twitter trolls.

Prime Minister of New Zealand John Key said he was "shocked" and "saddened" by her death.

Dale Gardner

Dale Allan Gardner (November 8, 1948 – February 19, 2014) was an American NASA astronaut. He flew two Space Shuttle missions during the early 1980s. He was born in Fairmont, Minnesota.

Gardner died from a brain hemorrhage on February 19, 2014 in his Colorado home. He was aged 65. He was outlived by his two children.


Cape Colony

The Cape Colony () was the name of a colony based around the Cape of Good Hope, in southern Africa. It was first established in 1652 by Jan van Riebeeck as a governorate of the Dutch East India Company. It was captured by the British in 1795 and returned to the Dutch in 1802. In 1806 it was again captured by the British. It united with three other British colonies in 1910 to form the Union of South Africa when it was renamed the "Cape Province". Its capital was Cape Town, the modern-day legislative capital of the Republic of South Africa.

Notes

Sakis Boulas

Athanasios "Sakis" Boulas (; 11 March 1954 – 21 February 2014) was a Greek singer, songwriter and actor. He made several studio albums and wrote songs for other musicians. He starred in several television shows and movies. His career has lasted for over 35 years. His career began in 1979. 

Boulas was born in Kilkis, Greece on 11 March 1954. He was raised in Piraeus. Boulas died of cancer in Athens, aged 59.

Shep Houghton

George Shephard "Shep" Houghton (June 4, 1914 - December 15, 2016) was an American actor and dancer. He is known for his role in "Gone with the Wind" and "The Wizard of Oz". At the time of his death Houghton was the oldest surviving crew member from both movies.

Houghton was born in Salt Lake City, Utah on June 4, 1914. He was born to a family of farmers. His parents were George Henry Houghton (1883-1958) and Mabell Viola Shephard (1883-1972). His family moved to Hollywood for business reasons in 1927. 

They settled not far from Paramount Pictures' studios. In 1927, Shep made his first movie. It was the "Underworld". It was a silent movie. Houghton was a dancer during his early career. He once taught actress Greta Garbo how to waltz for a role in "Conquest".

In 1939, Houghton appeared in two movie classics, first as Ozmite and a Winkie Guard in the "Wizard of Oz" and as a Southern dandy in "Gone with the Wind". 

Houghton acted in many recurring roles, beginning with the "Jack Benny Program" in 1950. He worked on the program until 1965. He appeared in "", in which he appeared in only the first three episodes. In addition to these productions, he worked on the "I Love Lucy" show from 1951 to 1957. He also appeared on "Wagon Train", "Perry Mason", "The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour", "Mr. Lucky", "The Untouchables", and "The Twilight Zone".

The 1960s, he appeared in "My Three Sons", "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Dick Van Dyke Show", and "The Loretta Young Show". In movies, Houghton appeared as a slave in "Spartacus" and as a dancer in "Hello, Dolly!". 

In the 1970s, he worked on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show". His last role was as a juror in the final episodes of "Ellery Queen". He retired from acting later that year.

In 1935 he married Jane Rosily Kellogg. The couple divorced in 1945. He married actress Geraldine Farnum in 1946, but they divorced in 1948. Shep had two children.

In the early 1950s he worked for television, mostly as a dancer. He married Mel Carter in 1975.

He died on December 15, 2016 in Hoodsport, Washington.

Fay McKenzie

Fay McKenzie (February 19, 1918 – April 16, 2019) was an American actress. She was best known for her leading lady roles. She appeared in two movies with Gene Autry in 1941 and 1942. 

McKenzie was the daughter of the actor Robert McKenzie and actress Eva McKenzie. One of her first roles was at the age of six in "The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln" (1924) where she played Sarah Lincoln. She married screenwriter Tom Waldman.

McKenzie was born on February 19, 1918, in Hollywood, California. She died on April 16, 2019 in Los Angeles, at the age of 101.


Lassie Lou Ahern

Lassie Lou Ahern (June 25, 1920 – February 15, 2018) was an American former child actress and television actress. She was known for her role in "Uncle Tom's Cabin". She made some guest appearances on television shows such as "The Odd Couple". 

Ahern was born on June 25, 1920 in Los Angeles, California. She died of complications from influenza in Prescott, Arizona on February 15, 2018 at the age of 97.

Hanna Maron

Hanna Maron (; 22 November 1923 – 30 May 2014) was an Israeli actress and stage actress. Maron was known for her stage roles in "Pygmalion", "The Glass Menagerie" and "Hello, Dolly!", as well as several plays by Nathan Alterman.

Hanna (Meierzak) Maron was born in Berlin, Germany, and moved to Mandatory Palestine in 1933 after Hitler came to power.

Mildred Kornman

Mildred Kornman (July 10, 1925 – August 19, 2022), also known as Ricki VanDusen, was an American child actress.

Mildred was the leading lady of the silent movie "Our Gang" series. She was featured as a regular in the series from 1926–1928 and made more appearances from 1929 until 1935. She had no speaking roles and appeared when many children.

Kornman died on August 19, 2022 at the age of 97.


Dickie Moore (actor)

John Richard "Dickie" Moore, Jr. (September 12, 1925 – September 10, 2015) was a former American child actor. He was known for his roles in "Oliver Twist", "Blonde Venus", and in "Miss Annie Rooney". 

Moore was born on September 12, 1925 in Los Angeles, California.


Loni Nest

Loni Nest (born Eleonore Nest; August 4, 1915 - October 2, 1990) was a German actress.

She was born in Berlin to American parents. At the early age of four weeks, she was first featured in a movie. She used the name Loni Nest instead of Eleonore Nest. Between 1918 and 1933, she starred in 41 movies, opposite such actors as Charles Boyer, Greta Garbo, Marlene Dietrich and Fritz Feld.

After more than 40 movies, she ended her movie career in 1928 at the early age of 13. In 1933 she played in one last movie in France.

Her whereabouts after 1933 remained unknown for several decades.

She died at the age of 75 on October 2, 1990 in the French town Nice.

In 2014, the website "Forever missed" published an obituary that ostensibly revealed that Nest had died on Hawaii in 2014 at the old age of 98. It also described details of Nest's life after she left Germany and moved to America. Various websites including the Internet Movie Database quickly adopted this information. However it was soon discovered, that both the time and location of her death as well as the details about her later life were completely made up.

According to the German newspaper Die Welt, German film historian Toni Schieck had discovered years before that Nest's sister Ursula had moved to the USA and died in Florida in 2007. Through her family, Schieck discovered that Nest had married and taken the last name Arnault. She moved to France where she died at the age of 75 in Nice.

|width="40%" valign="top"|

Helen Rowland

Helen Rowland, sometimes known as Baby Helen Rowland (born October 23, 1919) was an American child actress. She appeared in nine movies between 1922 and 1927. She was known for her role in "Timothy's Quest".


Garrick Utley

Clifton Garrick Utley (November 19, 1939 – February 20, 2014), better known as Garrick Utley, was an American television journalist. He reported about the Vietnam War and was one of the first full-time television correspondent covering the war from Vietnam.

He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from Westtown School in 1957 and from Carleton College in 1961. 

Utley died of prostate cancer on February 20, 2014 in New York City, New York. He was aged 74. He was outlived by his wife Gertje Utley (née Rommeswinkel).

Sol Hurok

Sol Hurok (Solomon Isaievich Hurok; born Solomon Izrailevich Gurkov, Russian Соломон Израилевич Гурков; April 9, 1888 – March 5, 1974) was a world-famous 20th-century American impresario.

Hurok was born in Pogar, Chernigov Governorate, Russian Empire (in present-day Bryansk Oblast, Russia) on April 9, 1888. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1914. Hurok died on March 5, 1974 from a heart attack in New York City, New York, aged 85.

Valeri Kubasov

Valeri Nikolayevich Kubasov (; 7 January 1935 – 19 February 2014) was a Soviet cosmonaut. He flew on two missions in the Soyuz programme. Firstly, as a flight engineer: Soyuz 6 and Soyuz 19 (the Apollo–Soyuz mission). Secondly, commanding Soyuz 36 in the Intercosmos programme.

He was born in Vyazniki, Vladimir Oblast, Russia SFSR, Soviet Union.

Kubasov died on 19 February 2014 in Moscow, Russia. He was aged 79. He was outlived by his wife Lyudmila Kurovskaya, daughter Ekaterina and son Dmitry.

Reghu Kumar

Reghu Kumar (born P. K. Reghu Kumar Varma; 13 June 1953 – 20 February 2014) was a famous music composer from Kerala, India. His compositions have become famous across India since the 1980s.

He died on 20 February 2014, due to kidney failure, aged 60. 


Heart cancer

Heart cancer is cancer that involves different regions of the heart. It is extremely rare. Many types of the disease includes myxomas, fibromas, rhabdomyomas, and hamartomas. 

In a study of 12,487 autopsies performed in Hong Kong seven cardiac tumors were found, most of which were not very harmful. According to Mayo Clinic: "At Mayo Clinic, on average only one case of heart cancer is seen each year."

Đoko Rosić

Đorđe "Đoko" Rosić (, "Dzhoko Rosich", ; 28 February 1932 – 22 February 2014) was a Serbian-Bulgarian actor. He was a famous actor in Serbia and Hungary. He was known for his roles in "Aesop", "The Truck", "Captain Petko Voivode", "", and "Time of Violence".

Rosić died on 21 February 2014 from complications after brain tumor surgery in Sofia, Bulgaria, aged 81.

Kurikka

Kurikka is a city in Southern Ostrobothnia, in Finland. There were about 14,300 people living there on 31 January 2014. It is next to the municipalities of Ilmajoki, Jalasjärvi, Kauhajoki, Laihia, Malax, Närpes and Teuva.

The former municipality of Jurva was merged into Kurikka on 1 January 2009 and the former municipality of Jalasjärvi was merged into Kurikka on 1 January 2016.

About 98 % of the people living there speak Finnish.



Polyphaga

The Polyphaga is the largest and most diverse suborder of beetles. The name is got from two Greek words: "poly"-, meaning 'many', and "phagein", meaning 'to eat', so the suborder is called the “eaters of many things”. Polyphaga has 144 families in 16 superfamilies, and shows an enormous variety of specialization and adaptation. It has over 315,000 described species, about 90% of all beetle species so far discovered.

There are 5 infraorders:


The infraorder Cucujiformia includes most phytophagous [plant-eating] beetles. Adoption of a plant-eating lifestyle promoted speciation and diversity in beetles, with Cucujiformia, especially weevils, forming a major radiation. Much of this adaptive radiation has taken place at the same time as the evolution of the flowering plants. "99% of phytophagous beetles feed on flowering plants".

Els Borst

Else "Els" Borst-Eilers (22 March 1932 – 8 February 2014) was a Dutch politician of the Democrats 66 (D66) party.

Borst was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. She attended the Barlaeus Gymnasium of Amsterdam, graduating in 1950.

Borst served as Minister of Health, Welfare and Sport from 22 August 1994 until 22 July 2002 in the Cabinets Kok I and II and Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 3 August 1998 until 22 July 2002 in the Second purple cabinet. For the Dutch general election of 1998 she was the lijsttrekker "(top candidate)" and served as Party leader from 15 February 1998 until 14 May 1998. The Democrats 66 lost ten seats and Borst became the Parliamentary leader of the Democrats 66 in House of Representatives, serving from 7 May 1998 until 14 May 1998 and a Member of the House of Representatives from 19 May 1998 until 3 August 1998.

Borst was found dead by a close friend on the evening of 10 February 2014 in the garage of her home in Bilthoven, Utrecht. She was aged 81. On 13 February, police issued a release and stated that Borst was the victim of a murder. She died on 8 February.

Francesco Di Giacomo

Francesco Di Giacomo (22 August 1947 – 21 February 2014) was an Italian singer and musician. He was a member of rock band Banco del Mutuo Soccorso. He was born in Siniscola, Province of Nuoro, Sardinia.

Di Giacomo died in a traffic collision on 21 February 2014 in Zagarolo, Province of Rome. He was aged 66.

Georgette Rejewski

Georgette Rejewski (12 February 1910 – 21 February 2014) was a Belgian-Dutch actress. She began her career in 1934. She appeared in the movies "Any Day Now" (1976), "A Bridge Too Far" (1977) and "Another Mother" (1996).

She was born in Antwerp. Her father was Russian and her mother was Belgian. She married Dominique Antoine Frederic Rimathe in 1932. He died at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in 1945, at the end of World War II.

Rejewski died from natural causes on 21 February 2014 at a in Middenbeemster, North Holland. She was aged 104. She had been living in the nursing home for the last years of her life.

Humppila

Humppila is a municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. About 2,460 people lived there in 2013. The municipalities next to it are Forssa, Jokioinen, Ypäjä, Loimaa, Punkalaidun and Urjala. 

Humppila was established in 1874.


Vitikka, Huhtaa, Humppila, Koivisto, Murto, Taipale, Venäjä and Myllynkulma.


Hankasalmi

Hankasalmi is a municipality in Central Finland. As of January 2014, about 5,400 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Kangasniemi, Konnevesi, Laukaa, Pieksämäki, Rautalampi and Toivakka.

Most people speak Finland.

Hankasalmi was established in 1872.


Jokioinen

Jokioinen is a municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. About 5,600 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Forssa, Tammela, Somero, Ypäjä and Humppila. 

Jokioinen was established in 1873.



Bobby Eaton

Robert Lee "Bobby" Eaton (August 14, 1958 – August 4, 2021) was an American professional wrestler. He was best known for being part of the team the Midnight Express.

During his career, he competed in many different promotions. These include: Mid-America Wrestling, Continental Wrestling Association, Mid-South Wrestling, World Class Championship Wrestling, Jim Crockett Promotions, World Championship Wrestling, Smoky Mountain Wrestling and made small guest appearances for Extreme Championship Wrestling and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.

On September 6, 2006, it was reported that Eaton was in the hospital after he suffered a heart attack. He was released from the hospital two days later and he released a statement through the Wrestling Observer website saying that he did not have a heart attack but was diagnosed with high blood pressure with a hint of diabetes. He has also suffered several health issues later on which include cardiac problems which have seen him hospitalized on several occasions. In June 2013, he had a pacemaker inserted.

In July 2021, Eaton was hospitalized after falling. He died a month later on August 4, 2021 just ten days before his 63rd birthday in Nashville, Tennessee.



Mynämäki

Mynämäki is a municipality in Southwest Finland, Finland. As of January 2014 about 7950 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Aura, Eura, Laitila, Masku, Nousiainen, Pöytyä, Rusko, Taivassalo, Turku and Vehmaa.

Most people speak Finnish.


Muurame

Muurame is a municipality in Central Finland. As of January 2014, about 9,500 people lived there. The only municipality it shares a border with is Jyväskylä. Toivakka is another nearby municipality but there is water in between.

Most people in Muurame speak Finnish.

Muurame was established in 1921.



Kaarina

Kaarina is a city in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 31,800 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Lieto, Parainen, Paimio, Sauvo and Turku. Most people in Kaarina speak Finnish.


Prince of Carignan

The title of Prince of Carignan is the French form of the Italian title of "Prince of Carignano". The title is more often than not seen in its French form due to the many ties the Carignans had with French royalty and the minor nobility The title stems from a younger son of Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy. Due to their links with the former Ducal family of Savoy the Prince was entitled to the highest rank at the Savoyard court and should the ruling Duke die without heirs the Prince was entitled to succeed to the Ducal throne. The Princes had a Palace in Turin called the "Palazzo Carignano". The title is similar to that of Prince of Condé in France.

It was a junior line of the House of Savoy. It was founded by Prince Thomas Francis of Savoy, Prince di Carignano 21 December 1596 – 22 January 1656), an Italian military commander. His descendants were accepted as "princes strangers" (Foreign Princes) at the court of France, where some held prominent positions, eventually coming to reign as kings of Sardinia from 1831 to 1861 and as kings of Italy from 1861 until the dynasty's deposition in 1946. The Carignanos also, briefly, supplied a king each to Spain and to Croatia, as well as queens consort to Bulgaria and Portugal.

Following the succession of Charles Albert to the throne the title was not used again the family preferring to use other titles named after Italian cities. The famous Princess Marie Louise of Savoy ("princesse de Lamballe") was a Savoyard princess of this line.


Sometimes the style of "Highness" was used but at the Savoyard and French courts the style of "Serene Highness" was more often than not used

Jonathan Glover

Jonathan Glover (born 1941) is a British philosopher. He teaches ethics at King's College London. Glover is a fellow of the Hastings Center. His first book, "Responsibility", was published in 1970.

Cross-country skiing

Cross-country skiing (sometimes shortened to XC skiing) is a form of skiing where the participants ski across the terrain, rather than down a hill as in alpine skiing. It has been an event during the Olympic Winter Games since the 1924 start.

Pöytyä

Pöytyä is a municipality in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 8,600 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Aura, Eura, Loimaa, Marttila, Mynämäki, Nousiainen, Oripää, Rusko, Säkylä, Tarvasjoki and Turku.

Most people in Pöytyä speak Finnish.


The Pink Panther

The Pink Panther is a series of comedy movies. The main character is a French police detective named Inspector Clouseau. Most of the films were directed and co-written by Blake Edwards. The theme music was composed by Henry Mancini.

In the films, the Pink Panther is a large and valuable diamond. The diamond is called the "Pink Panther" because the flaw at its centre is said to look like a leaping pink panther. The phrase was used for all the films in the series even when the jewel was not in the plot. It was in six of the eleven films.

The first film in the series had an animated opening sequence. It featured the "Pink Panther" character. This character then had its own series of animated cartoons. 

, eleven Pink Panther films have been made:

Irene, South Dakota

Irene is a city in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in three counties: Clay County, Turner County, and Yankton County. It became a city in 1895, and 422 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Crazylegs Crane

Crazylegs Crane is a 16-episode 6 minute television program from "The All New Pink Panther Show". All episodes were released in 1978.

Leo Vroman

Leo Vroman (April 10, 1915 – February 22, 2014) was a Jewish-Dutch-American hematologist, a writer and a poet (mainly writing in Dutch) and an illustrator.

Vroman was born in Gouda. He studied biology at Utrecht University. When the Nazis occupied the Netherlands on May 10, 1940, he went to London.

After the war, Vroman went to New York. There he worked as a hematology researcher. He has been an American citizen since 1951.

Vroman spent his last years in Fort Worth, Texas. He died on February 22, 2014, aged 98.




Joaquín Guzmán

Joaquín Archivaldo Guzmán Loera (; ; born 4 April 1957) is a Mexican drug lord who headed the Sinaloa Cartel, a criminal organization named after the Mexican Pacific coast state of Sinaloa where it was initially formed.

Loera is known as "El Chapo Guzmán" ("Shorty Guzmán") for his height. He became Mexico's top drug kingpin in 2003 after the arrest of his rival Osiel Cárdenas of the Gulf Cartel. He was thought to be one of the "most powerful drug traffickers in the world" by the United States Department of the Treasury.

Guzmán was once again arrested by Mexican authorities in Mexico on February 22, 2014. He was found in a beach resort in Mazatlan, but details of the arrest have not been revealed. On January 8, 2016, Guzmán was captured at the coastal city of Los Mochis, in northern Sinaloa, following a gun battle by the Mexican Navy.

He was extradited to the United States on 19 January 2017 to face criminal charges related to his leadership of the Sinaloa Cartel. He was found guilty by a jury in Brooklyn on 12 February 2019 of all drug trafficking counts and is scheduled for life imprisonment.

He is married to Emma Coronel Aispuro.


Wakonda, South Dakota

Wakonda is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Clay County, and 347 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Douglas Mawson

Sir Douglas Mawson OBE FRS FAA (1882–1958) was an Australian geologist, Antarctic explorer and academic. Mawson was a key expedition leader during the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration. The other key leaders were Roald Amundsen, Robert Falcon Scott and Ernest Shackleton.

Mawson was born in Shipley, West Yorkshire on 5 May 1882. When he was only two years old, his family immigrated to Australia and settled in Rooty Hill, New South Wales. He went to Fort Street Model School. Then he studied at the University of Sydney, where he graduated in 1902 with a Bachelor of Engineering. Mawson spent his life on Antarctic expeditions and academic work. He died in Brighton, South Australia on 14 October 1958.

Barbara Boxer

Barbara Boxer (born November 11, 1940) is an American politician. She was the United States Senator from California from 1993 to 2017. She is a member of the Democratic Party and has been on the senate since January 1993. 

Before that, she was in the United States House of Representatives. She was also on the Board of Supervisors of Marin County, California.

In January 2015, Boxer announced she will not be running for re-election in the 2016 senate elections and also announced her retirement from politics. California Attorney General Kamala Harris was elected to replace her.

Boxer was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She attended Brooklyn College.

Her daughter, Nicole Boxer married Tony Rodham (the brother of former First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton) at the White House in 1994. They divorced in 2000.

Zsuzsa Csala

Zsuzsa Csala (9 July 1933 – 22 February 2014) was a Hungarian actress. She began her career in 1954 on stage.

Csala died after a long illness on 22 February 2014 in her hometown of Budapest. She was aged 80.

Per Theodor Haugen

Per Theodor Haugen (8 October 1932 – 14 October 2018) was a Norwegian actor. He started stage acting in 1950. He had a supporting role in the comedy movie "Støv på hjernen" (1959).

He was born in Kongsberg. He was married to actress Sissel Sellæg who died on 5 January 2014 in Oslo. They had a son together, actor Kim Haugen.

Haugen died in Oslo on 14 October 2018 at the age of 86.

Marek Židlický

Marek Židlický (born February 3, 1977) is a Czech NHL ice hockey defenceman. He played for the New Jersey Devils. He also played for the New York Islanders, Detroit Red Wings, Minnesota Wild, and Nashville Predators

Before playing in the NHL, Židlický played five seasons in the Czech Extraliga with HC Kladno and four seasons in the SM-liiga with HIFK. He was drafted by the New York Rangers with the 176th overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

The Rangers and Židlický could not agree on contract terms and he stayed in Finland for a year to play with the HIFK. On December 12, 2002, he was traded along with Rem Murray and Tomáš Klouček to the Nashville Predators for Mike Dunham. During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, he returned to Finland and returned to play for HIFK. He signed a four-year contract worth $13.5 million with the Predators on May 8, 2006.

The Predators traded him to the Minnesota Wild for Ryan Jones and a second round draft pick on July 1, 2008. He played four seasons with the Wild. He was traded to the New Jersey Devils for Kurtis Foster, Nick Palmieri, Stephane Veilleux and a 2nd round draft pick from the Washington Capitals. The Devils resigned him in July 2013.


Marajó

Marajó is an island in Brazil at the mouth of the Amazon River. It is part of the state of Pará. 

Marajó has a land area of 40,100 km² (15,500 sq mi). That is similar in size to Switzerland. The island is almost completely surrounded by fresh water. Large parts of the island are flooded during the wet season because of higher water levels of the Amazon River.

The most important towns are in the southeast of the island: Soure, Salvaterra, and the largest city, Breves.

Knights of Labor

The Knights of Labor (K of L) was the largest and one of the most important American labor organizations of the 1880s. One of its first leaders was Terence V. Powderly. The Knights started as a secret society with many elaborate rituals. By 1878 they became more of an open group. They greatly expanded their membership in the 1880s.

The Knights of Labor began during the era of labour unions. The Garment Cutters Association of Philadelphia failed and was dissolved on 9 December 1869. Several members voted to form a new organization. They were convinced their new union needed more secrecy. As they drew up plans for the new organization each member was required to take an oath of secrecy. The title for the presiding officer was "Master Worker" and other titles were similarly named. On December 28th they adopted the name of Knights of Labor. The membership fees were $1. In 1878 they held their first general meeting. The early Knights took up campaigning for an 8-hour workday. Child labor exploitation was another of their causes. About 20% of the Knights were women and black workers. The members were mainly working class people. Certain professions were banned from membership. This included lawyers, bankers, and stockbrokers. As a measure of how these occupations were viewed, saloon keepers and gamblers were also excluded. 

Workers in the 1880s began going on strike to gain better . Only about half belonged to unions. There were an average of about 500 strikes a year between 1881 and 1885. In 1886 this increased to over 1400 strikes. On 4 May 1886 in Chicago a peaceful rally was held to support workers striking for an eight-hour day. Someone threw a bomb into the crowd at Haymarket square. At least eight police officers and several civilians were killed. Labor unions were blamed even though the person throwing the bomb was never caught. The press and the American people held labor unions responsible. As one of the largest labor organizations the knights of Labor were blamed more than the other unions. The Haymarket affair caused the decline of the Knights of Labor even though they were not directly involved. By the early 1900s they were all but gone.

Tagetes

Tagetes is a genus of flowers commonly called marigold. Tagetes has 56 species of plants in the sunflower family (Asteraceae or Compositae). The genus is native to North and South America.

"Tagetes" species vary in size from 0.1 to 2.2 m tall. Most species have pinnate green leaves. Blooms naturally occur in golden, orange, yellow, and white colors. In horticulture, they are usually planted as annuals.

John William Finn

John William Finn (July 23, 1909 – May 27, 2010) was an American sailor in the United States Navy. He served as a chief petty officer. He received the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the attack on Pearl Harbor in World War II. Finn was the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient in the United States and the last living of the Pearl Harbor recipients.

Finn was born on July 23, 1909 in Compton, California. Finn dropped out of school after the seventh grade. He then attended General Aviation Utilities Training at Naval Station Great Lakes. In 1939, Finn married his wife Alice Finn.

As a chief aviation ordnanceman stationed at Naval Air Station Kaneohe Bay, he earned the medal by manning a machine gun from an exposed position throughout the attack, despite being repeatedly wounded. He continued to serve in the Navy and in 1942 was commissioned an ensign.

In 1947 he was reverted to chief petty officer, eventually rising to lieutenant before his 1956 retirement. In his later years he made many appearances at events celebrating veterans. At the time of his death, Finn was the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient and the last living recipient from the attack on Pearl Harbor.

His wife, Alice Finn, died in 1998. Since 1956, Finn lived in a ranch in Live Oak Springs, near Pine Valley, California.

Finn died at age 100 on the morning of May 27, 2010, at the Chula Vista Veterans Home from natural causes. He was buried besides his wife at the Campo Indian Reservation's cemetery, after a memorial service in El Cajon.

Hershel W. Williams

Hershel Woodrow "Woody" Williams (October 2, 1923 – June 29, 2022) was a United States Marine. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Iwo Jima during World War II. He was also the last surviving recipient of the Medal of Honor from that battle.

Williams died at a veteran home in Huntington, West Virginia on June 29, 2022 at the age of 98.


Praça Diogo de Vasconcelos

The Praça Diogo de Vasconcelos (or Praça da Savassi; in English: Diogo de Vasconcelos Square or Savassi Square) is a public square in the area of Savassi, in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.

It is located where the roads "Cristóvão Colombo" and "Getúlio Vargas" meet. Also near there are the streets "Pernambuco" and "Antônio de Albuquerque". The square a lively meeting place for the people who live in Belo Horizonte. It is located in the center of Savassi, an important commercial neighborhood.

Its name honors the politician and historian Diogo de Vasconcelos. He was an early is considered the first historian of art in Brazil. Although its official name is "Square Diogo de Vasconcelos", this name is not very widely used. The name "Square Savassi" comes from the Savassi Bakery. It was located at the corner of Rua Pernambuco and Cristóvão Colombo avenue. The original bakery could still be seen on the site until a coffee shop Arturo's replaced it.

The square used to be surrounded by mostly boutiques, restaurants and snack bars, shops. Since 2006, however, mobile phone companies have set up shops there. The patrons of the traditional "Café Três Corações" (Three Hearts Café) came to protest against its closure at the site due to the opening of a store operator Claro. After the protest, the cafe has been reopened in a smaller area. It correspons to a small fraction of the old shop's size, with access only by Rua Antonio de Albuquerque.


Oleksandr Turchynov

Oleksandr Valentynovych Turchynov () (born March 31, 1964) is a Ukrainian politician, screenwriter, and Doctor of Economic Sciences. Turchynov was the Chairman of the Ukrainian Parliment. He has previously served acting President and Prime Minister of Ukraine. Turchynov became acting president after mass protest across Ukraine caused the impeachment and removal of Viktor Yanukovych presidency.


Lukas Ammann

Lukas Ammann (September 29, 1912 – May 3, 2017) was a Swiss retired actor. He appeared in German and Swiss movies and television shows. 

He was born in Basel, Switzerland on September 29, 1912. He began his movie career in the 1939 Swiss movie "Wachtmeister Studer". He continued to work steadily for over 60 years. His most famous roles is the German detective series Graf Yoster, where he played the main part of the same name between 1967-1977. 

His professional acting career came to an end in 2005 with the short "Herr Goldstein" being his last role. He was once married to German soprano Liselotte Ebnet.

Ammann died at his home in Munich, Germany on May 3, 2017 from surgical complications at the age of 104.

Esther Peterson

Esther Eggertsen Peterson (December 9, 1906 – December 20, 1997) was an American consumer and women's advocate.

Esther Eggertsen grew up in a Mormon family in Provo, Utah. She graduated from Brigham Young University in 1927 with a degree in physical education. She obtained a master's degree from Teachers' College, Columbia University, in 1930. She held several teaching positions during the 1930s. She taught at Bryn Mawr College Summer School for Women Workers in Industry. The school brought milliners, and garment workers onto the campus. She later moved to New York City where she married Oliver Peterson. In 1932, the two moved to Boston, where she taught at the Winsor School and volunteered at the YWCA. Peterson was a Latter-day Saint.

In 1938, Peterson became a paid for the American Federation of Teachers. In her job she traveled around New England. In 1944, Peterson became the first for the National Labor Relations Board in Washington, D.C. In 1948, the United States Department of State offered Peterson’s husband a position as a diplomat in Sweden. The family returned to Washington D.C., in 1957. Peterson joined the Industrial Union Department of the AFL-CIO, becoming its first woman lobbyist.

Peterson was Assistant Secretary of Labor. She was also Director of the United States Women's Bureau under President John F. Kennedy. Peterson worked hard to help get the Equal Pay Act of 1963 passed into law. In 1964, President Lyndon Johnson named Peterson to the newly created post of Special Assistant for Consumer Affairs. She later served as President Jimmy Carter's Director of the Office of Consumer Affairs. Peterson was also Vice President for Consumer Affairs at Giant Food Corporation. She was also president of the National Consumers League.
She received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1981. Peterson was named a delegate to the United Nations as a UNESCO representative in 1993. In 2013, Esther Peterson was inducted into the US Department of Labor's Hall of Honor.

Peterson died in December 1997.



Monique Alexander

Monique Alexandra Rock (born May 26, 1982), better known by her stage name Monique Alexander, is an American pornographic actress, dancer, and nude model. At age 18 she began working in the adult industry as a stripper in Sacramento. This was to add to her daytime earnings as a receptionist.

Alexander was born in Vallejo, California. She identifies herself as being bisexual.


AVN Adult Entertainment Expo

The AVN Adult Entertainment Expo (AEE) is an adult entertainment and pornography convention . It is sponsored by the AVN magazine. The expo is held at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. The first expo was in 1998 and is held every January.


Yvette Lebon

Simone "Yvette" Lebon (14 August 1910 – 28 July 2014) was a French actress. She appeared in 39 movies between 1931 and 1972.

Lebon was born in Paris. During World War II, she was the mistress of Jean Luchaire, a French journalist and politician. After moving to Hollywood, California, she married Belgian-American producer Nathan Wachsberger who died in 1992. They had a son together, Patrick Wachsberger of Summit Entertainment. In August 2013, she turned 103, making her the France's oldest surviving actor.

Lebon died from natural causes on 28 July 2014 in Cannes, aged 103.

Zohra Sehgal

Zohra Begum Mumtaz-ullah Khan (Sahibzadi Zohra Begum Mumtaz-ullah Khan; 27 April 1912 – 10 July 2014), was better known by her stage name Zohra Sehgal. She was an Indian actress and choreographer. Sehgal started her career as dancer with Uday Shankar in 1935. She also worked with him for the next eight years.

She has been in many Bollywood movies as a character actor. She has also been in English language movies and television shows. She has appeared in "Bhaji on the Beach" (1992), "The Mystic Masseur" (2001), "Bend It Like Beckham" (2002), "Dil Se.." (1998) and "Cheeni Kum" (2007), "The Jewel in the Crown" (1984), "Tandoori Nights" (1985–87), "Amma and Family" (1996). She retired in 2007.

Sehgal was born in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh in 1912. She grew up in an aristocratic Muslim family. She received the Padma Vibhushan, India's second-highest civilian honor, in 2010. She described herself as an agnostic, having been an atheist in her youth.

Sehgal died in a hospital in New Delhi from cardiac arrest caused by pneumonia on 10 July 2014 at the age of 102.

Trypanosomatida

The Trypanosomatida are a group of unicellular kinetoplastids. They have a single flagellum, and often live as parasites. Many trypanosomatids only live in insects. Some change hosts: one form lives in insects, the other lives inside a plant or an animal. "Leishmania" is a common example.

Blood test

A blood test, also known as bloodwork, is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample. The sample is usually taken from a vein in the arm using a needle, or from a finger. Blood tests are used to determine physiological and biochemical states, such as disease, mineral content, drug effectiveness, and organ function. They are also used to test for certain illegal drugs.

Swedish Football Association

The Swedish Football Association () is the governing organization of football in Sweden. It was established in 1904.


Swedish Bandy Association

The Swedish Bandy Association () is the governing body of bandy in Sweden. It organizes the bandy leagues, Elitserien and Allsvenskan for men and Damallsvenskan for women, and the men's and women's national teams. It was established on 5 April 1925, and is based in Stockholm, and is a founding member of FIB, Federation of International Bandy.


Federation of International Bandy

The Federation of International Bandy (FIB) is the international governing body for the sport of bandy, including the variant called rink bandy.

The federation was formed in 1955 in Stockholm, Sweden, and has had its base in Sweden since 1979. The present office is in Söderhamn, headed by FIB Secretary General Bo Nyman. Boris Skrynnik is the FIB President.

The federation was named the International Bandy Federation (abbreviated IBF) between 1957 and 2001. The current name was adopted in 2001. The name change was made at a request from the International Olympic Committee (abbreviated IOC) when the IOC made bandy a "recognized sport". The abbreviation IBF was already in use by the International Badminton Federation. In 2004, FIB was fully accepted by IOC.

When FIB was formed in 1955, it introduced the same rules for bandy all over the world. Especially in Russia, different rules had been used before. Bandy World Championship for men have been organized since 1957 and Bandy World Championship for women have been organized since 2004.


Remo Capitani

Remo Capitani (19 December 1927 – 14 February 2014), also known as Ray O'Connor and Ray O'Conner, was an Italian actor from Rome. He was best known for his role in the western "They Call Me Trinity" as Mezcal, a Mexican thief.

Capitani died on 14 February 2014 in his hometown of Rome. He was aged 86.

Skënder Sallaku

Skënder Sallaku (25 January 1935 – 11 February 2014) was an Albanian actor and comedian from Tirana. He is a recipient of the People's Artist of Albania award.

Sallaku died on 11 February 2014 at a hospital in his hometown of Tirana. He was aged 79.

Kaskinen

Kaskinen () is a town in western Ostrobothnia, Finland. There were 1,341 people lived there in January 2014. It is the smallest city in Finland by population. Only nearby municipality is Närpes. The people of Kaskinen speak two languages, Finnish and Swedish.

Kaskinen is buildt on an island. The island is also called Kaskinen.

Kaskinen was established in 1785.


Pope Victor I

Pope Victor (189-198C.E.) I was the fourteenth Pope, the official title is Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church.

Pope Victor was the first African pope. He attempted to resolve the ongoing controversy over the celebration of Easter through a great meeting of church members from Rome and Gaul (France) and areas of and around Mesopotamia (Iraq) that Easter should be celebrated on a Sunday instead of on Passover, whichever that day occurred on. The Asia Minor church however, stayed fast to the celebration on Passover. Pope Victor at first declared the congregation in Asia Minor excommunicated but under protest seems to have withdrawn and those members of the church were accepted back into the Church.

He secured the release of some Christians who were condemned to the mines of Sardinia as a result of his request with the emperor's mistress.

His feast day is celebrated on July 28.

Loviisa

Loviisa () is a town in Uusimaa, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 15,500 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Kouvola, Lapinjärvi, Myrskylä, Porvoo and Pyhtää.

Loviisa was established in 1745. The people living there speak two languages: Finnish and Swedish.


Aram Mp3

Aram Mp3 ( Mp3; born 5 Apil 1984), is an Armenian singer and comedian. He was chosen to represent Armenia in Eurovision Song Contest 2014. He sang the song "Not Alone". He placed fourth.

Masku

Masku is a municipality in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 9740 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Mynämäki, Nousiainen, Rusko, Raisio, Naantali and Taivassalo. 

Most people there speak Finnish.

Masku is known for the Maskun Kalustetalo, a furniture shop that originally started there.


Nousiainen

Nousiainen is a municipality in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 4,900 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Aura, Masku, Mynämäki, Pöytyä, Rusko and Turku. 

Most people there speak Finnish.

Part of Kurjenrahka National Park is located in part of the area of Nousiainen.

Hakola, Heininen, Hyrkkö, Kaisela, Kaitarinen, Kallunen, Keskusoja, Kytöinen, Kärmälä, Köönikkälä, Laaleinen, Laihonen, Leinainen, Moijonen, Nummi, Nutturla, Ojankulma, Paijula, Paistanoja, Pakainen, Palo, Papumäki, Puotunen, Rekoinen, Ristimäki, Riukula, Sukkinen, Tappuri, Topoinen, Vastlahti, Kukkola and Mutola


Adelobasileus

Adelobasileus is an extinct proto-mammal from the Upper Triassic, about 225 million years ago. There is only a partial skull from strata in western Texas.

Skull features, like the housing of the cochlea, suggest that "Adelobasileus" is a transitional form in the evolution from cynodonts to end-Triassic mammals. For this reason, it may be close to modern mammals' common ancestor. Their sleek body type suggests they moved very fast.


Aura, Finland

Aura is a municipality in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014, 3950 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Lieto, Pöytyä, Rusko, Tarvasjoki and Turku. The municipality was established in 1917.

Most people there speak Finnish.


Praça da Liberdade

Praça da Liberdade () is a public square in the city of Belo Horizonte, Brazil.

Praça Rui Barbosa

Praça Rui Barbosa (also called Praça da Estação, Station Square in English) is a square in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.

It has this name because it is close to the "Estação Central de Belo Horizonte" ("Central Station of Belo Horizonte"). 
The square has the first public clock in the city.

National War Labor Board

The National War Labor Board (NWLB) was an agency of the United States government created in early 1918 by President Woodrow Wilson which was made up of twelve members from business and labor. The were former President William Howard Taft and attorney Frank Walsh. Its purpose was to make sure labor strikes did not hurt the war effort. The board ended after the war in May 1919. The National War Labor Board was reestablished on January 12, 1942 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. The chairman was William Hammatt Davis. This board ended its duties.

The United States entered World War I in April 1917. Soon the government became concerned that labor strikes might stop the production of military equipment and supplies. In response President Woodrow Wilson created the National War Labor Board. The board recognized the worker's right to organize unions and bargain collectively. Former President Taft and labor attorney Frank Walsh were the co-chairmen. The board had little real power but depended on their ability to negotiate compromises between the two sides. They succeeded in preventing a number of strikes. After Germany was defeated the board was disbanded. In 1919 several strikes broke out in the coal and steel industries. The board supported an eight-hour day for workers and equal pay for equal work regardless of sex.

The National War Labor Board was started up again by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, on January 12, 1942. The chairman was William Hammatt Davis. The board's job was to prevent labor disputes. Also to insure that higher wage settlements did not cause inflation. The board was generally favorable to unions. The board encouraged the use of fringe benefits instead of inflation-causing higher wages. In 1942 the board began a "maintenance of membership" policy which attracted new members into labor unions. Unions understood they had to minimize any activism among their members in order to gain favorable rulings from the NWLB. Dispite the efforts of labor unions there were wartime strikes. Most of these were unauthorized (by the unions) or wildcat strikes (non-union). The CIO (Congress of Industrial Organizations), later part of the AFL-CIO, largely cooperated with the board. When the number of strikes peaked in 1944 CIO members maintained their no-strike pledge. By the time the war ended, membership in the CIO was nearly 5 million. The NWLB provided on an honorary basis, that is, without fees. But they encouraged paid arbitrators and by war's end most who arbitrated disputes were paid a fee of from $25–$100 per day. In 1945 the board was disbanded. A wave of strikes broke out just the same as when the NWLB ended in 1918.


David Krejčí

David Krejčí (born April 28, 1986) is a Czech professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL) where he serves as their alternate captain.

Before playing in the NHL, Krejčí played one season in the Czech Extraliga with HC Kladno and four seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) with the Gatineau Olympiques. He was drafted by the Boston Bruins with the 63rd overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

Before playing with Boston, he played a season with their AHL affiliate Providence Bruins. He was called up and played in his first NHL game on January 30, 2007. The game ended in a 7-1 loss against the Buffalo Sabres and Krejčí suffered a concussion from Buffalo right winger Adam Mair. He scored his first hat-trick in a 8–5 Bruins win against the Toronto Maple Leafs. He won the Stanley Cup with the Bruins on June 15, 2011 when they defeated the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 in Game 7.

Alexandre Borges

Alexandre Borges Corrêa (born February 23, 1966) is a Brazilian actor. He is known for his works on Brazilians soap operas. He was Cadinho in the Brazilian sitcom "Avenida Brasil" and the journalist Carlos Lacerda in the film Getúlio,

Denis Norden

Denis Mostyn Norden, CBE (6 February 1922 – 19 September 2018) was an English comedy writer and television presenter. He was known for presenting the radio programme "My Word!".

He also presented "My Music", "Looks Familiar" and blooper shows "It'll Be Alright on the Night" and "Laughter File". He retired in 2006.

Norden was born in Mare Street, Hackney, London on 6 February 1922. He studied at City of London School. Norden married Avril Rosen in 1943. She died in July 2018. They had two children. Norden died on 19 September 2018 at a hospital in Hampstead, London at the age of 96.

Glenn McCuen

Glenn McCuen (born February 3, 1991) is an American actor.

John Pickstone

John Victor Pickstone (29 May 1944 – 12 February 2014) was an English historian of science. He was the Wellcome Research Professor in the Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine, in the Faculty of Life Sciences of the University of Manchester. He was born and raised in Burnley, Lancashire.

Pickstone died after a short illness on 12 February 2014. He was aged 69. He was outlived by his wife and two sons.


René Teulade

René Teulade (17 June 1931 – 13 February 2014) was a French politician and civil servant. He was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Corrèze department. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was born in Monceaux-sur-Dordogne, Corrèze.

Teulade died from a stroke on 13 February 2014 in Paris. He was aged 82.


Mansour Koushan

Mansour Koushan (26 December 1948 – 16 February 2014) was a prominent Iranian author, playwright, poet, journalist and director of movies and plays. He has published 14 collections of poetry and short stories, 7 novels, 12 books of analysis on Culture, Literature, Society and politics, and hundreds of analytical essays, and more than 30 plays. While in Iran, he was an active member of the Council of the Association of Iranian Writers.

From 1967 to 1977 he was editor of four independent literary periodicals in Iran. In addition, Koushan presided over the newspaper Takapou in 1996 before it was shut down for being the sole outlet to publish the "1994 Declaration of 134 Iranian Writers," a letter against censorship that would result in the deaths of many of its signatories at the hands of the Iranian regime's secret service.

Koushan has directed movies and plays for TV and staged 7 plays by international writers. In December 1998, Koushan traveled to Norway to deliver a speech at the 50th anniversary of the U.N. Declaration of Human Rights Charter. During this time, the first instances of kidnapping and killing of Iranian writers and intellectuals began, and he was forced to remain in exile.

Mansour Koushan was the artistic manager and director for the Sølvberg Theater in Stavanger, Norway from 2000 to 2006. He won the 2010 Carl von Ossietzky prize, awarded annually to a writer for his outstanding efforts for human rights and freedom of speech.

Koushan died from gastric cancer on 16 February 2014 in Stavanger. He was 65. At the time he was the chief editor of a Persian quarterly on literature culture and art called "Jonge Zaman".

Nico Nicolaiewsky

Nelson "Nico" Nicolaiewsky (9 June 1957 – 7 February 2014) was a Brazilian actor, musician, composer and comedian. He was best known for performing with Hique Gomez for over thirty years. He was born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul.

Nicolaiewsky died from leukemia on 7 February 2014 in Porto Alegre, aged 56.

Patricia Janečková

Patricia Janečková (born on 18 June 1998, died on 1 October 2023) was a Slovak singer. She was the winner of the Czecho–Slovak television show "Talentmania" in December 2010. She became internationally famous through the broadcasting of CNN television after the winning.

Janečková was born in Germany.


Grant Denyer

Grant Denyer (born 12 September 1977) is an Australian television presenter and former motor racing driver. He is best known for being the former weather presenter of the Seven Network breakfast television program "Sunrise". He is currently the host of "Deal or No Deal" on Channel 10.

Denyer was born Coffs Harbour, New South Wales. He is married to television producer Cheryl Rogers. They have one daughter, Sailor (born 2011).

Nidal Malik Hasan

Nidal Malik Hasan (born September 8, 1970) is a former United States Army Major and psychiatrist. On 5 November 2009 he entered the Soldier's Readiness Center at Fort Hood, Texas. He fired approximately 100 rounds at soldiers in the center. Hasan admitted to the shootings at his court-martial in August 2013. The jury convicted him of 45 counts (crimes) of premeditated murder and attempted premeditated murder. One count each for the 13 soldiers he killed and one count for each of the 32 people he shot at. On 28 August 2013 the same military court sentenced Hasan to death. He is in prison at the United States Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Hasan is awaiting execution while his case is reviewed by appellate courts.

Hasan was born in Arlington County, Virginia. His Palestinian parents immigrated to the United States. The shooting was believed to have been bought on by his Islamic religious radicalism. Before the shooting, he communicated with the late American-Yemeni Islamic militant, Anwar al-Awlaki.

Cerebral edema

Cerebral œdema (or cerebral edema) is a build-up of extra fluid in the brain. It causes swelling. It is caused by physical trauma or an injury to the brain. This includes inflammation of the brain caused by some infections. Also, mountain climbers at high altitude have been known to experience cerebral oedema primarily due to reduced air pressure acting on the cranium.

Tea Ista

Dorothea Ida Eveliina Witikka (born Dorothea Ida Eveliina Ista; 12 December 1932 – 20 February 2014), better known by her stage name Tea Ista, was a Finnish actress. She began her acting career in 1952. She was born in Evijärvi.

Ista died after a serious illness on 20 February 2014 in Espoo. She was aged 81. She was outlived by her daughter, Minna Maria, with her late husband Jack Witikka.

Cementation

Cementation is what makes rocks solid. It is the process where grains of sediment get stuck together. It is a chemical process, and the cement is a precipitate which crystallises in the spaces between the matrix of grains. Silica (SiO) and calcium carbonate (CaCO) are the most common types of cement.

Ions carried in groundwater precipitate to form new crystalline material in sediment pores: this is how "sediment" becomes "rock". The new pore-filling minerals form "bridges" between original sediment grains, thereby binding them together. So "sand" becomes "sandstone", and "gravel" becomes "conglomerate". 

Cementation occurs mainly below the water table. Large volumes of pore water must pass through sediment pores for new mineral cements to crystallize and so millions of years are generally required to complete the cementation process. 

Sedimentation does not always occur. Many quarries used for sand and gravel have them as loose particles and stones, just as if they came from a present-day beach. In England, most of these quarries are from beds laid down in the Jurassic, 150+ million years ago. By chance, the conditions for cementation never occurred there.

West End of London

The West End of London (usually referred to as the West End) is an area of Central and West London.

It contains many of the city's major tourist attractions, shops, businesses, government buildings, and entertainment venues (including the commercial :West End theatres). Use of the term began in the early 19th century to describe fashionable areas to the west of Charing Cross. For strategic planning, the area is one of two "international centres" in the London Plan.

The West End is the second most expensive place in the world in which to rent office space, after Tokyo.

Raisio

Raisio () is a city in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 24,500 people live there. Neighbouring municipalities are Masku, Naantali, Rusko and Turku. 

Most people there speak Finnish.


Stand and Sing of Zambia, Proud and Free

Stand and Sing of Zambia, Proud and Free is the national anthem of Zambia. The music is taken from the hymn Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika, which was written by Enoch Sontonga in 1897. The words for the anthem were written when Zambia became independent.

International Organization for Standardization

The International Organization for Standardization is an international body dedicated to promoting international standards. Its official languages are English, French and Russian. Its name in French is ' and its name in Russian is ' or '. Its short name form is ISO. Its members are standards bodies from various countries around the world. Its headquarters are in Geneva.



Aura

Aura can mean several things:


Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication

The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) is an international communication network used by the banking and financial industries.

Swift (disambiguation)

A swift is a type of bird.

Swift could also mean:

Royal Palace of Turin

The Royal Palace of Turin () is a building in Turin, Italy. It was the centre of the court of the old Duchy of Savoy for almost two hundred years.

The palace was the centre of the Savoyard royal court. It was the home of the royal family. It was greatly remodelled by Christine of France during the seventeenth century. The building was worked on by the famous architect Filippo Juvarra. The complex also includes the "Palazzo Chiablese" the home of the former Duke of Chablais. The Palace was also redecorated by Marie Jeanne of Savoy.

Before the marriage of Maria Antonia of Spain to Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia in 1750, the royal apartments were redecorated again. 

Before becoming a royal residence, it was the centre of the Viceroys of Savoy that were appointed by Francis I of France after the French captured Savoy in 1536. The building later included the Bishops Palace called the "Palazzo San Giovanni".


Auster AOP.9

The Auster AOP.9 is a light military aircraft. It was designed and built in UK between 1955 and 1960. It was used by British Army and Royal Air Force for light liaisons and observation.

Living with You

"Living with You" is a song by Welsh musician and composer John Cale. It was on his album "Shifty Adventures in Nookie Wood".

On 25 February 2013, it was released as digital single. On B-side was also the "Organic Mix" and new remix by Laurel Halo.

Original version of this song features together with Cale (vocals, keyboards, electric viola, electric guitar, percussion) also Dustin Boyer (acoustic guitar) and Michael Jerome Moore (drums, cajón).

Sprouting

Sprouting is growing sprouts from seeds (germinating) to eat. Bean sprouts are a common ingredient, especially in Asian cuisine, made from sprouting beans. The typical beansprout is made from the greenish-capped mung beans ("Vigna radiata"). Other common bean sprouts are the usually yellow, larger-grained soy sprouts.

Pope Zephyrinus

Pope Zephyrinus (ca. 198/9-217 C.E.) was the fifteenth Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church. He served for seventeen years but was consider an weak and ineffectual pope without education who relied heavily upon his deacon Callistus who would become the next Pope.

During his time there was a group of people who practiced Montanism and Adoptionism who preached things which were against the teachings of the Catholic Church. Both these groups taught that Jesus Christ was a holy person but not the son of God. Theologians at that time were very disappointed with Pope Zephrynus for not taking severe action against these groups. They considered him a weak pope.

His feast day is celebrated August 26.

Riot grrrl

Riot grrrl is an underground feminist punk rock movement. It started in the early 1990s in Washington. Kathleen Hanna's band the Bikini Kill made riot grrrl famous. Bratmobile was another influential riot grrrl band. Riot grrrl is associated with zine culture and third wave feminism. 

In 1992 a zine distro called Riot Grrrl Press was started by Erika Reinstein and May Summer. 

Pussy Riot are a Russian punk rock band that are influenced by Bikini Kill.

Harold Ramis

Harold Allen Ramis (November 21, 1944 – February 24, 2014) was an American comedic actor, director, producer and writer. His best known movie roles were as Egon Spengler in "Ghostbusters" (1984) and Russell Ziskey in "Stripes" (1981), both movies he co-wrote. He also wrote and directed "Caddyshack" (1980), "National Lampoon's Vacation" (1983), "Groundhog Day" (1993) and "Analyze This" (1999).

Ramis was born in Chicago, Illinois to a Jewish family. He was married to San Francisco artist Anne Plotkin from 1967 until their divorce. They had a daughter, Violet, whose godfather is actor Bill Murray. He later married Erica Mann in 1989. They had two sons: Julian Arthur and Daniel Hayes.

Ramis died from an infection of the blood vessel (vasculitis) at his home in North Shore, Chicago. He was 69.

Executive Producer

Carlos Páez Vilaró

Carlos Páez Vilaró (1 November 1923 – 24 February 2014) was a Uruguayan abstract artist, painter, potter, sculptor, muralist, writer, composer and constructor. He composed numerous musical pieces in the two genres and conducted an orchestra. He was born in Montevideo. He was of Catalan ancestry.

Vilaró died on 24 February 2014 at his home in Punta Ballena, Maldonado. He was aged 90.

Unrepentant Geraldines

Unrepentant Geraldines is the 14th studio album by Tori Amos. It will be released 12 May 2014 in the UK. The album's tour, Unrepentant Geraldines Tour, will start on May 5, 2014.

Joe Bell

Joseph Alexander Bell (November 27, 1923 – February 17, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 62 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the New York Rangers. 

He was born in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba on November 27, 1923. His brother Gordon Bell also played in the NHL. Joe died in February 2014, at the age of 90.

 

Andrew Lang

Andrew Lang (31 March 1844 – 20 July 1912) was a Scots poet, novelist, literary critic, and contributor to the field of anthropology. He is best known as a collector of folk and fairy tales. The Andrew Lang lectures at the University of St Andrews are named after him.



Stephanie Kwolek

Stephanie Louise Kwolek (July 31, 1923 – June 18, 2014) was an American chemist. She invented poly-paraphenylene terephthalamide—better known as Kevlar. 

She was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of New Kensington, Pennsylvania. Kwolek won many awards for her work in polymer chemistry. 

Kwolek died in Wilmington, Delaware from a short-illness, at the age 90 on June 18, 2014.


Suicide in Greenland

Suicide is a serious problem in Greenland. According to the government of Greenland, one person in five has attempted suicide. Because of this, the Greenland government has taken a number of steps to reduce the suicide rate. One example is roadside posters.

The number of suicides in Greenland began to rise in the 1970s. Before that it had been very low. It kept getting higher until 1986. In 1986, suicide was the leading cause of death in several towns, such as Sarfannguit. Before 1970, the rate of suicide in Greenland had been very low. But by 1994, it had become one of the highest in the world. The rate was 107 per 100,000 persons committing suicide per year. Government data in 2010 suggested that almost one suicide occurred a week.

An article was published in the journal "BMC Psychiatry" in 2009. It reported that 1351 suicides took place in Greenland during the 35 years (1968–2002). The study noted seasonal changes in the suicide rate. Suicides were higher in June and lower in the winter months. Suicide rates in northern parts of West Greenland are higher than in southern parts. Suicide rates are higher for men than women. Most of the people committing suicide are young men between the ages of 15-24. Unlike in other Western countries, the suicide rate in Greenland goes down with age.

Several reasons are blamed for Greenland's high rate of suicide. These including alcoholism, depression, poverty, poor relationships with partners and dysfunctional parental homes. The higher summer suicide rate is blamed on insomnia caused by longer periods of daylight.

The increase in suicide rates started about the time television appeared in Greenland. But it may be more the "modernization package" in general that is causing the problem. Culture clash between the traditional culture and modern Western culture is also assumed to be a factor.

The most common methods were hanging (46%) and shooting (37%). Other methods include jumping from heights, cutting with sharp objects, drowning, overdose of medication, and poisoning.

Greenland's Government and other organizations have made a number of efforts to prevent suicides. There are different associations that provide support for people that feel suicidal. Measures include posters placed along the roads, which read: "The call is free. No one is alone. Don't be alone with your dark thoughts. Call." Suicide consultants are used to show movies discouraging teenage suicide attempts.

Stanley Brotman

Stanley Seymour Brotman (July 27, 1924 – February 21, 2014) was an American federal judge. He was born in Vineland, New Jersey. He grew up in the nearby village of Brotmanville, which had been established by his grandfather, who was a Russian immigrant. He left Yale University to serve in the United States Army during World War II, from 1942 to 1945. He returned to Yale and received a B.A. in Eastern Studies from Yale University in 1947 and an LL.B. from Harvard Law School in 1951.

On January 27, 1975, He was nominated by President Gerald Ford to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey vacated by Mitchell H. Cohen. Brotman was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 13, 1975, and received his commission on March 14, 1975. He assumed senior status on April 23, 1990. He retired in September 2013.

Brotman died on February 21, 2014 at a hospital in Stratford, New Jersey. He was aged 89.


M117 bomb

The M117 is a general-purpose bomb. It is dropped from the air by an airplane. It is used by United States military forces. The M117 was used for the first time in the Korean War in the early 1950s. Its nominal weight is , but its actual weight, depending on fuze and delay options, is around . Its explosive content is of Minol 2 or Tritonal. The M117 can also be used with a low-drag tail fin for medium and high-altitude bombing.

H. B. Reese

Harry Burnett "H. B." Reese (May 24, 1879 – May 16, 1956) was an American inventor. He was best known for creating Reese's Peanut Butter Cups and founding the H. B. Reese Candy Company.

He was born in York County, Pennsylvania. He was of Welsh ancestry. He married Blanche Edna Reese (née Hyson) on August 1, 1900. By 1928, the couple had sixteen children.

Reese died from a heart attack on May 16, 1956 in West Palm Beach, Florida. He was 76.


Zbigniew Romaszewski

Zbigniew Jan Romaszewski (2 January 1940 – 13 February 2014) was a Polish conservative politician and human rights activist.

After the June 1976 protests, he was co-founder of assurance to workers charged by the communist regime. He was one of the founders of the Workers' Defence Committee (KOR). He became Chief of Bureau of Intervention of the Committee for Social Self-defence KOR in 1977. In 1980, he was the founder of the Helsinki Committee in Poland. In the early 1980s, he was chief of Commission of Intervention and Law-abidingness of Solidarity. During martial law in Poland he established independent Radio Solidarity. In 1982, he was arrested and jailed by the communist regime until 1984.

Romaszewski died in a hospital in his hometown of Warsaw, after a week of induced coma. He was aged 74.


Federal University of Recôncavo da Bahia

Federal University of Recôncavo do Bahia (, short UFRB) is a public university in the Brazilian state of Bahia. It was established in 2006. It is located in Cruz das Almas. It is the largest university in the town, and one the country's most successful universities.

Liperi

Liperi is a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. It had about 12,500 living there in April 2014. The municipalities next to it are Heinävesi, Joensuu, Kontiolahti, Polvijärvi, Rääkkylä, Savonlinna and Outokumpu.



Paedophile Information Exchange

The Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE) was a UK pro-paedophile activist group. It started in October 1974. In 1975 PIE had their first open meeting. Mothers threw rotten fruit and vegetables at members. That year the National Council for Civil Liberties (NCCL) gave PIE affiliate status.

Pope Urban I

Pope Urban I (222230 C.E.) was the seventeenth Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church. 
His reign was a peaceful one and there not much known about it. He served as head of the Catholic church during the imperial reign of Alexander Severus. He is buried in the cemetary at Callistus on the Appian Way. He is considered a saint of the Catholic Church and his feast day is celebrated on May 25.

Rebecca Adlington

Rebecca "Becky" Adlington, OBE (born 17 February 1989) is a retired English freestyle swimmer. She won two gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 400 m and 800 m. She won bronze medals in the women's 400 m and 800 m freestyle events in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Adlington retired from all competitive swimming on 5 February 2013.

Adlington was born in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire. She went to The Brunts School there.

In 2013 she was a contestant on "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

Sleigh Bells (band)

Sleigh Bells is an American noise pop musical group. The members are Derek E. Miller and Alexis Krauss. The group started in 2008. 

Miller met Krauss in 2008 when he was waiting tables at a Brazilian restaurant.
On May 11, 2010, Sleigh Bells' first album "Treats" was released by Mom+Pop and N.E.E.T. Recordings. It got good reviews. Pitchfork gave it a score of 8.7 out of 10. On February 21, 2012 their second album "Reign of Terror" was released. On October 4, 2013 Sleigh Bells' third album "Bitter Rivals" was released. It did not get reviews as good as "Treats" or "Reign of Terror". On the same day Sleigh Bells started a tour. 

Kontiolahti

Kontiolahti is a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. It had about 14,000 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Joensuu, Juuka, Lieksa, Liperi and Polvijärvi.

Harivaara, Herajärvi, Jakokoski, Mönni, Onttola, Paihola, Puntarikoski, Rantakylä, Romppala and Venejoki.


Fuze

In military munitions, a fuze is the part of an explosive device that makes it explode. In some devices (notably torpedoes) a fuze may be identified by function as the "exploder". The term "fuze" is used to indicate an advanced device with mechanical and/or electronic parts.

Time fuzes detonate after a set period of time. Impact, or contact fuzes detonate when they hit something, usually the target. A proximity fuze uses sensors which can be one or more combinations of the following: radar, active sonar, passive acoustic, infrared, magnetic, photoelectric, seismic or even television cameras. Whatever the sensor used, percussion fuzes cause the explosion to occur close to the target. The target will either be destroyed or severely damaged.

Most English-language countries use the "z" spelling to distinguish between simple burning fuses and pyrotechnical or explosive devices.

Emilie Autumn

Emilie Autumn Liddell (born on September 22, 1979) is an American singer and violinist. She started learning to play the violin when she was four years old. She calls her style Victoriandustrial. It is influenced by the Victorian era. She performs with The Bloody Crumpets.

Autumn left school when she was nine or ten. She went to Indiana University for two years. She left because the university would not let her wear corsets.

Autumn released "On a Day: Music for Violin & Continuo" on her label Traitor Records. In 2000 a book of poetry that she wrote was published.

In 2003 Autumn's first studio album "Enchant" was released.

In 2006 "Opheliac" was released by Trisol Music Group GmbH.

In 2007 "A Bit o' This & That" was released to iTunes. In 2010 "The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls" was published.

In 2012 Autumn released her third studio album, "Fight Like a Girl".

Autumn has bipolar disorder. She is vegan.


Megan's Law

Megan's Law is an informal name for laws in the United States that require law enforcement authorities to make information available to the public regarding registered . It was created after the murder of Megan Kanka. Individual states decide what information will be made available and how it should be distributed. Most give out the offender's name, picture, address, Prison date, and nature of the crime. The information is often displayed on free public websites, but can be published in newspapers, distributed in pamphlets, or through various other means.

Richard and Maurine Kanka and their three children lived in a small town in New Jersey. On 29 July 1994 their daughter Megan was lured into a neighbor's house to see a non-existent puppy. There she was raped and murdered by her , Jesse Timmendequas. Timmendequas had just recently been released from prison after his second conviction on sexual offenses against children. He had served six of the ten years of his sentence. Searches for the girl turned up nothing. The local police quickly focused on three known sex offenders living across the street from the missing girl. Police released two of the suspects when they verified where they were. Timmendequas became the main suspect. He was released after several hours of . After obtaining a detectives searched Timmendequas's trash and found a piece of Megan Kanka's clothing. Timmendequas was questioned again and after several hours told police "She's in the park." When police then asked if she was still alive Timmendequas said "No, she's dead. I put a over her head."

The Kankas were outraged to find they were living across the street from a convicted child sex offender. Two days after her murder, the parents of Megan Kanka started the "Megan Nichole Kanka Foundation". The mission of the foundation is to identify the location of convicted child sex offenders in every community. 

Maurine Kanka began pushing for laws disclosing the need to notify residents of the presence of convicted sex offenders in their communities. New Jersey was the first state to pass a "Megan's law." In 1995 the Supreme Court of New Jersey upheld the State law. The continuing efforts resulted in President Bill Clinton signing the federal version of "Megan's Law." The Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children Law, or "Megan's Law", was signed in May 1996. This was the first part. The second, or notification part of the law, was signed on 13 November 1996. It gave states one year to pass state versions of Megan's law. The District of Columbia and forty-seven states met the deadline and passed their own versions of the law. The notification portion of the law requires states to make public information about all sex offenders. They may each choose how they want to implement that part. Under the law sex offenders are grouped in risk bands based on the nature and details of their offense. The public is not notified of 'low risk' sexual offenders. Information on 'Medium risk' offenders is disclosed to schools and . 'High risk' sexual offenders' information is disclosed to the public. 

Megan's law is not without problems.


Martin Hanzal

Martin Hanzal (born February 20, 1987) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the HC Samson České Budějovice of the Czech Regional Hockey Championship. He also played for the Arizona Coyotes, Minnesota Wild, and Dallas Stars.

Before playing in the NHL, Hanzal played 19 games in the Czech Extraliga with HC České Budějovice, 19 games in the United States Hockey League (USHL) with the Omaha Lancers and 1 season in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Red Deer Rebels. He was drafted by the Phoenix Coyotes with the 17th overall pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

He debuted with the Coyotes during the 2007–08 NHL season. He scored his first hat-trick in a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs on December 4, 2008. The hat trick came in only 20 minutes and 27 seconds of play time which set the record for the fastest hat trick in Coyotes history. He was named an alternate captain on October 8, 2011.


Haikouichthys

Haikouichthys is an extinct early fish-like craniate.

These creatures have backbones and distinct heads, and lived about 530 million years ago, during the Cambrian explosion. 

"Haikouichthys" had a defined skull and other characters which suggest it is a true craniate, and perhaps one of the earliest fishes. Cladistic analysis indicates that the animal is probably a basal chordate or a basal craniate. It does not show enough detail to be definitely included in either stem group.

David Giuntoli

David Giuntoli (born June 18, 1980) is an American actor. He is best known for the lead role of Detective Nick Burkhardt in the television series "Grimm".

Leppävirta

Leppävirta is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. It had almost 10,170 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Heinävesi, Joroinen, Kuopio, Pieksämäki, Suonenjoki, Tuusniemi and Varkaus.


Suonenjoki

Suonenjoki is a city in Northern Savonia, Finland. It had almost 7,500 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kuopio, Leppävirta, Pieksämäki, Rautalampi and Tervo.


Tervo

Tervo is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. It had almost 1,670 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Keitele, Kuopio, Maaninka, Pielavesi, Rautalampi, Suonenjoki and Vesanto.


Tokaji

Tokaji is white wine from the Tokaj wine region in Hungary. The winemaking style is from the 1600s. 

Thalia Zedek

Thalia Zedek (born 1961) is an American singer and guitarist. She started Dangerous Birds in 1981. In 1987 Zedek joined Live Skull. The band broke up in 1990. She released her first album, "Been Here and Gone", in 2001. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8.5 out of 10. In 2002 she released "You're A Big Girl Now". In 2004 "Trust Not Those in Whom Without Some Touch of Madness" was released.

She is a lesbian.

Mário Coluna

Mário Esteves Coluna (; 6 August 1935 – 25 February 2014) was a Portuguese footballer. He played mainly as a central midfielder.

He spent most of his career with Benfica, appearing in 525 official games and scoring 127 goals during 16 professional seasons. Dubbed "Monstro Sagrado" (Sacred Monster) he won 19 major titles with his main club, including ten national leagues and two European Cups.

Coluna represented Portugal at the 1966 World Cup, playing nearly 60 times.

Coluna died on 25 February 2014 at the age of 78 in Maputo, after not being able to overcome a pulmonary infection.

Benfica

Portugal

Individual


Slowdive

Slowdive is an English dream pop band. They were started in 1985 in Reading by Neil Halstead and Rachel Goswell. They broke up in 1995. In 2014 the band got back together. 

In 1990 Slowdive released their first EP "Slowdive".

In September 1991 the band's first album "Just for a Day" was released. 

The band wrote to Brian Eno to ask him to produce their second album. Eno said that he liked Slowdive's music but wanted to make music with them rather than produce their album.
In 1993 Slowdive released their second album "Souvlaki". Pitchfork gave the album a score of 7 out of 10. They then released two extended plays, "5 EP" and "5 EP (In Mind Remixes)".

In 1995 the band released their last album "Pygmalion". Then they broke up. 

In 2014 Slowdive got back together to play the 2014 Primavera Sound Festival in Barcelona from May 29-31.

DVD-R

DVD-R is a recordable DVD format. It uses a thin organic dye layer which is recorded by a high-power laser. The laser bleaches the recorded areas, creating reflective areas that can then be played back with a low-power laser. A DVD-R can be recorded with DVD-Video, DVD-Audio, or DVD-ROM content.A DVD-R typically has a storage capacity of 4.7 GB. Pioneer has also developed an 8.5 GB dual layer version, DVD-R DL, which appeared on the market in 2005.

DVD-R(W) is one of three competing industry standard DVD recordable formats; the others are DVD+R(W) and DVD-RAM. A DVD-R can be written only once, in contrast with a rewritable DVD formats such as DVD-RW or DVD+RW which can be rewritten multiple (1000+) times.

Charles Evans Hughes

Charles Evans Hughes, Sr. (April 11, 1862 – August 27, 1948) was an American statesman, lawyer and Republican politician from New York.

He served as the 36th Governor of New York (1907–1910), Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States (1910–1916), United States Secretary of State (1921–1925), a judge on the Court of International Justice (1928–1930), and the 11th Chief Justice of the United States (1930–1941). He was the Republican candidate in the 1916 U.S. Presidential election, losing narrowly to Woodrow Wilson.

Hughes was a professor in the 1890s, a supporter of Britain's New Liberalism, an important leader of the progressive movement of the 20th century, a leading diplomat and New York lawyer in the days of Harding and Coolidge, and was known for being a swing voter when dealing with cases related to the New Deal in the 1930s. Historian Clinton Rossiter has hailed him as a leading American conservative.

On August 27, 1948, Hughes died in what is now the Tiffany Cottage of the Wianno Club near Barnstable, Massachusetts. His remains are buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx, New York.



John Rutledge

John Rutledge (September 17, 1739 – July 23, 1800) was an American statesman and judge. He was the first Governor of South Carolina, following the signing of the United States Constitution.

He was a delegate to the Constitutional Convention, where he chaired a committee that wrote much of what was included in the final version of the United States Constitution, which he also signed.

He served as an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court, and was the second Chief Justice of the Court from July to December 1795. He was the elder brother of Edward Rutledge, a signatory of the Declaration of Independence.


Gilbert Stuart

Gilbert Charles Stuart (born Gilbert Charles Stewart December 3, 1755 – July 9, 1828) was an American painter. He was known for painting many portraits of the American Founding Fathers and six Presidents of the United States including George Washington's official portrait. Many of his paintings are in museums in Washington, D.C., London, and in Boston.

Stuart died on July 9, 1928 in Boston, Massachusetts from a stroke, aged 72.


Oliver Ellsworth

Oliver Ellsworth (April 29, 1745 – November 26, 1807) was an American lawyer and politician. He was against British rule, a drafter of the United States Constitution, United States Senator from Connecticut, and the third Chief Justice of the United States.

While at the Federal Convention, Ellsworth moved to strike the word "National" from the motion made by Edmund Randolph of Virginia. Randolph had moved successfully to call the government the "National Government of United States". Ellsworth moved that the government should continue to be called the "United States Government".


Morrison Waite

Morrison Remick "Mott" Waite (November 29, 1816 – March 23, 1888) was an American attorney and politician in Ohio. He served as the seventh Chief Justice of the United States from 1874 to his death in 1888. Chief Justice Waite was primarily known for overturning federal laws passed during Reconstruction that protected African Americans.


Melville Fuller

Melville Weston Fuller (February 11, 1833 – July 4, 1910) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician. He was the eighth Chief Justice of the United States between 1888 and 1910. He was nominated by Grover Cleveland.

Fuller died in Sorrento, Maine from a heart attack, aged 77.


Edward Douglass White

Edward Douglass White, Jr. (November 3, 1845 – May 19, 1921) was an American politician and jurist. He was a United States senator, Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and the ninth Chief Justice of the United States.


Harlan Fiske Stone

Harlan Fiske Stone (October 11, 1872 – April 22, 1946) was an American lawyer and jurist. He served as the dean of Columbia Law School, his alma mater, in the early 20th century. 

As a member of the Republican Party, he was appointed as the 52nd Attorney General of the United States before becoming an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court in 1925. 

In 1941, Stone became the 12th Chief Justice of the United States, serving until his death in 1946 – one of the shortest terms of any Chief Justice. Stone was the first Chief Justice not to have served in elected office. 

His most famous quotes was: "Courts are not the only agency of government that must be assumed to have capacity to govern."


Fred M. Vinson

Frederick "Fred" Moore Vinson (January 22, 1890 – September 8, 1953) was an American lawyer and politician who served in all three branches of the United States.

In the legislative branch, he was an elected member of the United States House of Representatives from Louisa, Kentucky, for twelve years. In the executive branch, he was the Secretary of Treasury under President Harry S. Truman. In the judicial branch, he was the 13th Chief Justice of the United States, appointed by President Truman.

As of 2014, he is the last Chief Justice to have been nominated by a president from the Democratic Party.


Hull House

The Hull House was a settlement in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Jane Addams and Ellen Gates Starr. It was constructed in 1856, but was named Hull House in 1889. It was built to help many European immigrants coming to the United States. It is a landmark in Chicago and in the United States. The house became a museum owned by the University of Illinois at Chicago.

Pulau Ayu

Pulau Ayu is a very small Indonesian island in Southwest Papua province. The two main towns on the island are called Imbik Kuan and Ayu. Because there is a big reef around the island, only small boats can go there.

During World War Two, the island was occupied by Japan.


Ellen Gates Starr

Ellen Gates Starr (March 19, 1859, near Laona, Illinois – February 10, 1940, in Suffern, New York) was an American social reformer and activist. Along with Jane Addams, in 1889, she and Addams found the Hull House in Chicago, Illinois. Starr was a lesbian. She was a member of the Women's Trade Union League and helped organize striking garment workers in 1896, 1910, and 1915. She worked with many other reformers such as Susan B. Anthony and Alice Paul.

Starr died on February 10, 1940 from heart failure, aged 80.

Ich bin ein Berliner

Ich bin ein Berliner (English: I am a Berliner) was a speech by John F. Kennedy. He made the speech on June 26, 1963 in West Berlin. This is thought to be one of Kennedy's most famous speeches. He made the speech to gain support for the Cold War and to mark the anniversary of the Berlin Wall's construction. Kennedy said:

Kennedy wrote on his paper "ish bin ein Bear"lee"ner" to help him say it better.

Germany's capital, Berlin, was deep inside the area controlled by the Soviet Union after World War II. A first governed in four sectors controlled by the four Allied powers (United States, United Kingdom, France and the Soviet Union), tensions of the Cold War rose. This continued until the Soviet forces created the Berlin Blockade of the city's western sectors. The Western allies went around this with the dramatic airlift. Afterwards, the sectors controlled by the NATO Allies became an effective exclave (territory surrounded by territory of a different state or entity) of West Germany. Which was completely surrounded by East Germany. Starting in 1952, the border between East and West was closed everywhere but in Berlin. Hundreds of thousands of East Germans defected (gives up allegiance to a state) to the West via West Berlin. This was a labor drain that threatened East Germany with economic collapse.



We begin bombing in five minutes

On August 11, 1984, United States President Ronald Reagan was getting ready to make his weekly Saturday radio address on National Public Radio. He was running for re-election at the time. He was testing the microphone before he started to talk, then Reagan made this joke to the radio workers:

The joke was based on the start of that day's speech:

Many Americans and Soviets were scared about a nuclear attack. Reagan said it was a joke. Though this was not the first time Reagan had joked before giving a speech or address, the Soviets were offended. They started making fun of Reagan.

Otep

Otep (also written as OTEP or OT3P) is an American nu metal band. The band was started in 2000 in Los Angeles by Otep Shamaya.

After a few shows Otep were signed to Capitol Records. On June 18, 2002 Otep's first album "Sevas Tra" was released. "House of Secrets" was released July 27, 2004. On October 30, 2007 Otep's third album "The Ascension" was released. Otep's fourth album "Smash the Control Machine" was released on August 18, 2009. "Atavist" was released on 26 April 2011. On November 6, 2012, Otep released their first live album, "Sounds Like Armageddon". The band's sixth studio album "Hydra" was released on January 22, 2013. In an interview Otep said that it is the band's last album.

Flipping

Flipping is a term used in economics. It is used mainly in the United States to describe buying something and quickly reselling (or "flipping") it for profit. It can apply to any asset but is often applied to real estate and initial public offerings (IPOs).

Real estate is bought and sold every day. The seller arranges for a realtor to advertise and sell their property. The realtor charges between 4 and 7 percent of the selling price as a commission. The sale is conducted between the owner of the property or house, and the who wants to purchase it. 

Flipping is used by real estate investors to describe someone purchasing a property then selling it quickly for a profit. Usually the investor will pay for improvements to make the property more attractive. The investor must have the money to buy the house and pay for the improvements. Realtors neither buy the house or resell it (although a realtor can also be a flipper). They simply broker the sale.

Flipping involves a good deal of risk for investors. They must know the value of a property and not pay too much. They have to be careful not to invest too much in improvements. Very often run-down properties or are sold at auctions. The buyer may not be able to inspect the property before buying it. This can lead to additional costs to fix problems that could not be seen. A property needs to sell quickly or there is no quick return on their money. 

There are also many risks for buyers of flipped homes.

Initial public offerings are when a private company sells shares it owns to the public for the first time (called going public). Flipping is buying stocks and selling within the first 2 to 3 days after the company went public. The hope is the price will go up rapidly. Underwriters want investors want to hold onto stocks. They may blacklist investors who flip too many stocks even though it is legal.

In the United Kingdom the term is used to describe Members of Parliament switching their 'second home' between several houses. This was to maximize their taxpayer funded allowances.


Chokwe Lumumba

Chokwe Lumumba (born Edwin Finley Taliaferro; August 2, 1947 – February 25, 2014) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Jackson, Mississippi. Lumumba was born in Detroit, Michigan as Edwin Finley Taliaferro, a name he referred to as his "slave name".

Lumumba died on February 25, 2014 at the St. Dominic Hospital in Jackson, Mississippi. He was aged 66. The cause of death was not made clear, though Jackson City Council president Charles Tillman, who was sworn in as acting mayor, said he had a meeting with Lumumba the previous day and that he had a cold. City Councilman Quentin Whitwell told reporters that Lumumba died of heart failure.


Fasciculation

A fasciculation, or "muscle twitch", is a small, local, involuntary muscle contraction and relaxation. At times it may be visible under the skin. Deeper areas can be detected by EMG testing. A fasciculation can happen in any skeletal muscle in the body. Fasciculations can occur in normal healthy people. One uncommon reason for them is due to a lower motor neuron lesion that may be caused by any of several diseases. One example would be Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.


Doug Jarrett

Douglas William "Doug" Jarrett (April 22, 1944 – February 10, 2014) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a Defense in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers. He also did work on behalf of the Chicago Blackhawk Alumni Association.

He was born in London, Ontario. In 2011, he was inducted into the London (Ontario) Sports Hall of Fame.

He died from lung cancer on February 10, 2014 in Fort Erie, Ontario. He was aged 69. He was diagnosed with the disease ten days before his death.

Cephalaspis

Cephalaspis (meaning 'head shield') is a genus of armoured fish in the early Devonian about 400 million years ago (mya).
It was one of the jawless fishes, or ostracoderms, which were common at the time. 

They were discovered in the first half of the 19th century in the Old Red Sandstone of Britain. Louis Agassiz named it in 1835. He had been to Scotland, and seen Hugh Miller's collection. Miller described his collecting later, in a popular work on the rocks and fossils of the Old Red Sandstone in Scotland. Agassoz' single species has now been split into more species, some of which have been moved into a different genus.

"Cephalaspis" was a medium-sized fish that lived in freshwater streams and estuaries of the early Devonian. Some of the fossils are well-preserved, and so we know quite a bit about its anatomy. Its armour was on the dorsal side, and its mouth on the ventral side. Therefore, it is likely that it was a bottom-feeder, nosing about in the mud of a river. It had a typical vertebrate type of brain, with front, middle and rear regions, and nerves to and from sense organs and muscles in the head region.

Its pineal opening between its eyes was probably a light-sensitive organ. On its skull are three areas which obviously had a special function. Many modern fish which live in muddy rivers use both pressure-sensitive lateral lines, and also electrical fields to sense movement. "Cephalaspis" had no lateral lines, but the three fields on its skull were no doubt sensory, for sensing pressure change or electrical fields.

The animal had semi-circular canals to sense balance (one of the functions of our own semi-circular canals). They were capable of sustained swimming, and short rapid bursts. Almost all the fossils are found in strata laid down in freshwater conditions, so the various species live in rivers, streams connected with lakes and estuaries.

Sansom decided that "Cephalaspis" was the sister-taxon of cornuate osteostracans, which have defined corners on the head-shields.

Franny Beecher

Francis "Franny" Beecher (September 29, 1921 – February 24, 2014), also known as Frank Beecher, was an American country, jazz, and rock musician. He was the lead guitarist for Bill Haley & His Comets from 1954 to 1962. He was born in Norristown, Pennsylvania.

Beecher died from natural causes on February 24, 2014 at a nursing home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was aged 92.

Tomaž Pengov

Tomaž Pengov (1949 – 10 February 2014) was a Slovenian singer-songwriter, musician and poet. He played a 12-stringed acoustic guitar and lute. He was born in Ljubljana, then part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He studied comparative literature at University of Ljubljana's Faculty of Arts.

Pengov died after a short illness on 10 February 2014 in his hometown of Ljubljana. He was aged 64.

TMNT (movie)

TMNT is a computer-animated fantasy action movie. It was made in the United States and released in 2007. It is part of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (TMNT) series. The movie is the fourth in the original "TMNT" movie series. It was the first "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" movie made with computer-generated imagery (CGI). It was also the first movie in the series in 14 years.

"TMNT" was written and directed by Kevin Munroe. It features the voices of Nolan North, James Arnold Taylor, Mikey Kelley, Mitchell Whitfield, Chris Evans, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Kevin Smith, Patrick Stewart, Zhang Ziyi and Laurence Fishburne (who is the narrator). The animation was created by Imagi Animation Studios. It was produced by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was the last movie that producer Mako Iwamatsu made before his death. It was also produced by Peter Laird, one of the two men who created the Turtles.

The story begins with the four Turtles (Raphael, Leonardo, Donatello, and Michelangelo) having grown apart after their final defeat of the Shredder. Strange things begin happening in New York City as ancient creatures threaten the world. The Turtles must reunite to save it.

"TMNT" premiered in cinemas on March 23, 2007. It was successful, making US$95 million around the world. It received both good and bad reviews from movie critics.

Sulkava

Sulkava is a municipality in the Southern Savonia region of Finland. It had almost 3,000 living there in January 2014. The municipality is best known for the annual long distance rowing contest, Sulkavan Suursoudut, around Partalansaari ("Partala Island"). It is just as famous for the large party following the rowing event. The municipalities near it are Juva, Puumala, Rantasalmi, Ruokolahti and Savonlinna.


Ruokolahti

Ruokolahti () is a municipality in South Karelia, Finland. It had almost 5,500 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Imatra, Lappeenranta, Parikkala, Puumala, Rautjärvi, Savonlinna, Sulkava and Taipalsaari.

Nearby is the Kummakivi rock. It is a large rock balanced on top of another.



Pope Pontian

Pope Pontian (Pontianus) (Pope from 230-235 d. 235 C.E.), was the eighteenth Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church. 
Pontian served as pope mostly during the reign of Roman Emperor Severus, generally considered a peaceful period for Christians, but died during the reign of Maximinus Thrax. Maximinus Thrax did not tolerate Christians and pursued them violently. He arrested Pontian and Hippolytus and sent them to the mines in Sardinia where they died soon after. Pontian's body was returned to Rome a short time later and they were buried in the catacombs of Callistus on the Appian Way. Catacombs were underground chambers where many Christians lived, died and were buried.

Pontian is known for his condemnation of Origen a theologian of the time, and forbade his teachings. Pontian is considered a martyr and a saint of the Catholic Church. His feast day is celebrated on August 13 along with a fellow martyr Hippolytus.

Loimaa

Loimaa is a town "(countryside city)" in Southwest Finland. As of January 31. 2014, about 16,700 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Huittinen, Humppila, Koski Tl, Marttila, Oripää, Punkalaidun, Pöytyä, Somero, Säkylä and Ypäjä.


Distances to smaller municipalities are lot smaller.


Anthony Blake (bishop)

Anthony Blake ( 1704 – 1787) was an Irish clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the Bishop of Ardagh and Clonmacnoise from 1756 to 1758 and Archbishop of Armagh from 1758 to 1787.

Blake was the youngest of two sons of Andrew Blake of Kilvine. His family were from County Mayo. They were one of the Tribes of Galway.

He returned to Ireland from France about 1731. He attended the schools Saint-Omer and Louvain. He was made priest in the archdiocese of Tuam. He held the positions of dean of the chapter and vicar general to the archbishop. From 1741 to 1756 he served as Warden of Galway. His most nobable action was to build a new parish chapel in the town's middle street. This chapel stood until 1833.


Pope Anterus

Pope Anterus (November 21, 235-January 3, 236 C.E.) was the nineteenth Pope, (the official title is the Bishop of Rome) of the Catholic Church.

He served less than two months and died a natural death. He was buried in the cemetery of Callistus on the Appian Way.

He is considered a Saint by the Catholic Church and his feast day is celebrated of January.

Fair Labor Standards Act

The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (abbreviated as FLSA; also referred to as the Wages and Hours Bill) is a federal of the United States. 

The FLSA introduced a maximum 44-hour workweek (reduced to a 40-hour workweek by 1940). It established a national minimum wage (of 25¢ per hour). It guaranteed "time-and-a-half" for overtime in certain jobs. The FLSA also prohibited most employment of minors in "oppressive child labor". The FLSA created a Wage and Hour Division in the Department of Labor. The statute applies to employees engaged in interstate commerce or employed by a business engaged in commerce or in the production of goods for commerce, unless the employer can claim an from these requirements.

The FLSA was originally written in 1932 by Senator Hugo Black. He was later appointed to the Supreme Court in 1937. However, Black's proposal to require employers to adopt a thirty-hour workweek met stiff resistance. In 1938 a revised version of Black's proposal was passed that adopted an eight-hour day and a forty-hour workweek. It allowed workers to earn wages for an extra four hours of overtime as well. According to the act, workers must be paid minimum wage and overtime pay must be one-and-a-half times regular pay. Children under eighteen cannot do certain dangerous jobs. Also children under the age of sixteen cannot work during school hours. There were 700,000 workers affected by the FLSA. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt called it the most important piece of New Deal legislation passed since the Social Security Act of 1935.



Wage Stabilization Board

The Wage Stabilization Board (WSB) was an independent agency of the United States government. Its function was to make wage control policy recommendations. The WSB would then implement such wage controls as were approved. There were two agencies with the same name. The first, the National Wage Stabilization Board, was the successor to the National War Labor Board. It existed from January 1, 1946, to February 24, 1947. The second, the Wage Stabilization Board, was a part of the Office of Defense Mobilization. It existed from September 9, 1950, to February 6, 1953.

The Korean War broke out on June 25, 1950. There was an initial surge of inflation in the American economy. But soon Truman's war mobilization effort began to achieve some success in stabilizing the economy.


Al Greene

Altar Alfonse "Al" Greene (November 9, 1954 – February 18, 2014) was an American baseball outfielder. He played in the Major League Baseball (MLB) for Detroit Tigers during 1979. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Greene died on February 18, 2014 in his hometown of Detroit, Michigan. He was aged 59.

Gordon Nutt

Gordon Nutt (8 November 1932 – 26 February 2014) was an English professional footballer who was a winger. Nutt was active in England, Wales, the Netherlands, and Australia. He made over 150 career appearances. He played for Coventry City F.C. from 1951 to 1954.

Nutt was born in Birmingham. He died on 26 February 2014, in Tasmania, Australia, at the age of 81.

Al Feldstein

Albert B. Feldstein (October 24, 1925 – April 29, 2014) was an American writer, editor, and artist. He is best known for his work at EC Comics. He worked from 1956 to 1985 as the editor of the satirical magazine "Mad". After retiring from "Mad", Feldstein worked on American paintings of Western wildlife.

Feldstein died on April 29, 2014 at his home near Livingston, Montana. No cause of death was released.


Will Eisner

William Erwin "Will" Eisner (March 6, 1917 – January 3, 2005) was an American cartoonist. His comic strip "The Spirit" was one of the most popular and influential in the history of comic strips. Eisner is thought to be one of the most famous cartoonist. He has an award named after him, the Will Eisner Award for the best in comics.

Eisner died in Fort Lauderdale, Florida from heart surgery complications. He was 87 years old.


Joe Shuster

Joseph Shuster (July 10, 1914 – July 30, 1992) was a Canadian-American cartoonist. Shuster along with Jerry Siegel created "Superman". It proved one of the most popular and influential comic book hero in comic book history.

Shuster died of a heart failure and hypertension in Los Angeles, California, aged 78.

Schuster and Siegel created a bald telepathic villain, willing world domination, as the protagonist of the short story "The Reign of Superman", published in Siegel's 1933 science fiction "Science Fiction № 3". The character was not successful, and Siegel found a more familiar hero. Schuster modeled the character on Douglas Fairbanks, and his alter ego in glasses, Clark Kent, a combination of Harold Lloyd and Schuster himself, and the name "Clark Kent" comes from the stars of the films Clark Gable and Kent Taylor. Lois Lane was modeled after Joanna Carter, who was Joe's friend before she became Siegel's wife.

Then Siegel and Schuster began a six-year search for a publisher. They called the project "The Superman" and brought it to Consolidated Book Publishing, which published a 48-page black-and-white comic book called "Detective Dan: Secret Operative" № 48, but after that this cooperation finished. Schuster took this to heart and burned every page of the story, only the cover was saved. Siegel and Schuster compared this character to Slam Bradley, an adventurer the couple created for Detective Comics № 1 (March, 1937). In 1938, editor Vin Sullivan chose it as a cover feature for National Action Comics №1 (June, 1938). The following year, Siegel and Schuster initiated a series of Superman comics.

Then Siegel and Schuster sold the company's rights to $130 and a contract to supply to the publisher of Action Comics.

Siegel and Schuster's status as children of Jewish immigrants is also believed to have an influence on their work. Timothy Aaron Pevey claimed that they had created "a figure whose desire was to fit into American culture as an American," which Pevey felt was an important aspect of the American personality.

When Superman first appeared, Clark Kent's Superman alter ego worked for the Daily Star, named Schuster after the Toronto Daily Star, his former employer in Toronto. Schuster said that he modeled the urban landscape of Superman's hometown of Metropolis from his old hometown. When the comic strip became international, the company was finally renamed the Daily Planet.


Bülend Ulusu

Saim Bülend Ulusu (24 April 1923 – 23 December 2015) was a Turkish admiral. He was Prime Minister of Turkey serving from September 21, 1980 through December 13, 1983. He was succeeded by future Turkish president Turgut Özal.

Adnan Pachachi

Adnan al-Pachachi or Adnan Muzahim Ameen al-Pachachi () (May 14, 1923 – November 17, 2019) was an Iraqi politician and diplomat. Pachachi was Iraq's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1959 to 1965 and Foreign Minister of Iraq from 1965 to 1967 during the Six-Day War with Israel.

Pachachi died in Abu Dhabi on November 17, 2019 at the age of 96.


Ninian Stephen

Sir Ninian Martin Stephen, (15 June 1923 – 29 October 2017) was an Australian jurist, civil servant, and politician. He served as the 20th Governor-General of Australia and as a Justice in the High Court of Australia.

Stephen died in Melbourne on 29 October 2017, aged 94.


Jamshid Amouzegar

Jamshid Amouzegar (25 June 1923 – 27 September 2016) was an Iranian economist, artist and politician. He was the prime minister of Iran from 7 August 1977 to 27 August 1978 when he resigned. Before that, he served as the minister of interior and minister of finance in the cabinet of Amir-Abbas Hoveida. He was the leader of Rastakhiz Party during his tenure as prime minister.

Amouzegar was born on 25 June 1923 in Tehran, Iran. He graduated from Tehran University with degrees in law and engineering. Then he attended Cornell University and received a PhD. He died on 27 September 2016 in Rockville, Maryland, aged 93.


Seán Treacy

Seán Treacy (22 September 1923 – 23 March 2018) was a former Irish politician. He was the Ceann Comhairle (chairman) of Dáil Éireann from 1973 to 1977 and from 1987 to 1997.

He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 1981 to 1984, replacing Eileen Desmond who resigned as an MEP when she was appointed Minister for Health and Social Welfare.

Treacy died on 23 March 2018 in Clonmel, Ireland at the age of 94.


Khamtai Siphandone

General Khamtai Siphandon (; born 8 February 1924) is a Laotian politician. He was President of Laos from 24 February 1998, until 8 June 2006, when he was officially replaced by Choummaly Sayasone. He also served as Prime Minister of Laos from 15 August 1991 to 24 February 1998.

Gayville, South Dakota

Gayville is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Yankton County, and 382 people lived there at the 2020 census. Gayville became a town in 1892.

Mission Hill, South Dakota

Mission Hill is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Yankton County, and 190 people lived there at the 2020 census. Mission Hill became a town in 1913.

Inge Keller

Inge Keller (15 December 1923 – 6 February 2017) was a German actress. Her career on stage and on movies has for seventy years. She was one of the most well-known performers in the former German Democratic Republic. Keller was known for her roles in "The Last Year", "Aimée & Jaguar", "Council of the Gods", "Lola and Billy the Kid", "Karla", "The Fiancé", and in "Woman Doctors".

Keller was born on 15 December 1923 in Berlin, Germany. Keller died in a Berlin nursing home on 6 February 2017, aged 93.

Colony of Natal

The Colony of Natal was a British colony in south-eastern Africa. It was formed on 4 May 1843 after the British government had annexed the independent 1839 Boer Republic of Natalia. In the 1860s many workers from British India came to live in Natal. On 31 May 1910, it unified with three other colonies to form the Union of South Africa. It now forms the larger province of KwaZulu-Natal of the Republic of South Africa.

Carlos Humberto Romero

General Carlos Humberto Romero Mena (February 29, 1924 – February 27, 2017) was a Salvadoran politician and military personnel. He served as President of El Salvador, elected on February 20, 1977 in a fraudulent election and inaugurated on July 1, 1977. Romero held power until October 1979 when he was forced-out of office with a reformist coup d'état by dissident, politically conservative and moderate military officers and civilians.

Romero died in San Salvador on February 27, 2017 at the age of 92.

Tomiichi Murayama

He was the head of the Social Democratic Party of Japan (until 1996, the Japan Socialist Party) and the first socialist prime minister in nearly fifty years. He is most remembered today for his speech "On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the war's end," in which he said sorry for what his country of Japan did over World War II.

Murayama was born on Ōita, Japan in 3 March 1924. He studied at Meiji University. Murayama turned 100 on 3 March 2024.

Noboru Takeshita

Takeshita died on 19 June 2000 in Tokyo, Japan from respiratory failure, aged 76.

Volin, South Dakota

Volin is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Yankton County, and 158 people lived there at the 2020 census. Volin became a town in 1901.

Sōsuke Uno

Uno's main action as prime minister was to increase consumption tax, which caused an uproar among many voters and led to the Japan Socialist Party's victory in the Tokyo metropolitan legislative election of 1989. Uno's government was also hurt his actions. It was also effected from the Recruit Scandal of 1988. Uno assumed office on 3 June 1989. He would soon resign two months later because of a sex scandal accusation.

Uno died on 19 May 1998 in Moriyama, Shiga, Japan from pneumonia, aged 75.


Toshiki Kaifu

Kaifu died on 9 January 2022, a week after his 91st birthday at a Tokyo hospital from pneumonia. Norio Kaifu and Makoto Kobayashi are his brothers.

Tsutomu Hata

Hata died on 28 August 2017 in Tokyo from problems caused by dementia at the age of 82.


Ryutaro Hashimoto

Hashimoto died on 1 July 2006 in Tokyo, Japan from complication after abdominal surgery, aged 68.


Keizō Obuchi

Obuchi died on 14 May 2000 at the age of 62 in Tokyo from complications of a stroke.

Abderrahmane Youssoufi

Abderrahmane Youssoufi ( ; ; 8 March 1924 – 29 May 2020) is a Moroccan politician and human rights activist. He was the Prime Minister of Morocco from 1998 to 2002. He was a human rights lawyer.

Youssoufi died of lung cancer on 29 May 2020 at a Casablanca hospital, aged 96.

Kenneth Kaunda

Kenneth David Kaunda (28 April 1924 – 17 June 2021), also known as KK, was a Zambian politician and teacher. He first served as the first President of Zambia from 1964 to 1991. He was also Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement from September 1970 to September 1973.

Kaunda died on 17 June 2021 at a hospital in Lusaka, Zambia from pneumonia at the age of 97.



Dawda Jawara

Sir Dawda Kairaba Jawara, GCMG (May 16, 1924 – August 27, 2019) was an Gambian politician. He was the first leader of the Gambia, serving first as Prime Minister from 1962 to 1970. Then, he served as President from 1970 to 1994.

Jawara died on August 27, 2019 in Bakau, The Gambia at the age of 95.


Jaime Lusinchi

Jaime Ramón Lusinchi (27 May 1924 – 21 May 2014) was a politician of Venezuela. He was the President of Venezuela from 1984 to 1989.

Lusinchi was born in Clarines, Anzoátegui, on 27 May 1924. He studied at Central University of Venezuela.

He became president in 1984. When he was president, Venezuela was through an economic crisis, growth of the external debt, populist policies, currency depreciation, inflation and corruption that exacerbated the crisis of the political system established in 1958.

Accused of corruption after leaving office, Lusinchi was popular during his presidency, and was succeeded by a member of his party, Carlos Andrés Pérez.

Lusinchi divorced his first wife Gladys Castillo. He then married Blanca Ibanez. He lived in Caracas, Venezuela.

Lusinchi died in Caracas, Venezuela from respiratory failure, aged 89.


György Lázár

György Lázár (15 September 1924 – 2 October 2014) was a former Hungarian Communist politician. He served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1975 to 1987. He retired in 1988.

Lázár died on 2 October 2014 in Budapest, Hungary, aged 90. His death was announced on 30 October 2014.


Alphons Egli

Alphons Egli (8 October 1924 – 5 August 2016) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1983–1986).

He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 8 December 1982 and handed over office on 31 December 1986. He had connections to the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland. He was also President of the Confederation in 1986.

Egli was a citizen of Entlebuch and Lucerne.

Lubomír Štrougal

Lubomír Štrougal (October 19, 1924 – February 6, 2023) was a Czech politician. He was a communist. He served as Prime minister of Czechoslovakia from 28 January 1970 to 12 October 1988. He was born in Veselí nad Lužnicí, Czechoslovakia.

In July 2022, it was revealed that Štrougal had "slight" dementia. He died on February 6, 2023 at the age of 98.


Eino Uusitalo

Eino Uusitalo (1 December 1924 – 19 March 2015) was a Finnish politician from the Centre Party. Uusitalo studied to be an agronomist. He was a member of the parliament from 1955 to 1983 from the list of Centre Party. He was also Deputy Prime Minister.

Uusitalo was remembered mostly because of his proposition to declare 19 September as a second independence day of Finland. That date is the day of Moscow Armistice 1944. Uusitalo was fighting in the Continuation War 1942-1944 in Metsäpirtti, Karelian Isthmus.

In 2015, he died at the age of 90.

Ball-peen hammer

A ball-peen (also spelled pein) hammer, also known as a machinist's hammer, is a type of peening hammer used in metalworking. 

It is classified from a cross-peen hammer, point-peen hammer, or chisel-peen hammer by having a hemispherical head. Though the process of peening has become rarer in metal fabrication, the ball-peen hammer remains useful for many tasks, such as striking punches and chisels.
it is a very useful tool that has many purposes in the hammer industry 

Eino Leino

Eino Leino (6 July 1878 – 10 January 1926) was a Finnish poet and journalist. He is considered to be one of the pioneers of Finnish poetry. 

His poems combine modern and Finnish folk elements. The style of much of his work is like the "Kalevala" and folk songs. He was known for writing about love, sadness, and about nature.

Mário Soares

Mário Alberto Nobre Lopes Soares, , , , (; 7 December 1924 – 7 January 2017) was a Portuguese politician. He served as Prime Minister of Portugal from 1976 to 1978 and from 1983 to 1985. He was President of Portugal from 1986 to 1996.


United States Women's Bureau

The United States Women's Bureau (WB) is an agency of the United States government. It is a part of the United States Department of Labor. The Woman's Bureau was established by Congress in 1920. It is the only federal agency mandated to represent the needs of women in the public policy process. The Director is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. He or she is supported by a staff in the national office as well as ten regional offices.

In 1918 President Woodrow Wilson created Woman in Industry Service. It was the predecessor of the more permanent Women's Bureau which was founded in 1920. The agency was founded by an act of Congress. The first director was Mary Anderson. She had been the assistant director of the Woman in Industry Service. She remained the director through World War II. In 1922, the WB investigated and reported on the conditions facing 'negro women in industry.' The WB successfully advocated for the of women under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. By 1942 shortages of and efforts by woman's advocate groups such as the Women's Bureau saw the female go up from 12 to 18 million. Their wages doubled and even tripled during the war. But after the war the difference between woman's and men's working wages returned. In the 1950s, the Woman's Board focused on 'older women as .' The WB played a large role in the passage of the Equal Pay Act of 1963. In 1982, the Woman's Board started a major initiative to encourage employer-sponsored . This was followed by the start of a multimedia Work and Family Clearinghouse in 1989. they also worked for the passage of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. In 1996, the Woman's Board published a fact sheet on the workplace effects of domestic violence.



Black caiman

The black caiman ("Melanosuchus niger") is a species of caiman. It is the largest living member of the Alligatoridae family. It lives along slow-moving rivers, lakes and wetlands in the Amazon Basin of South America. The black caiman has very dark skin. It can grow up to in length.

Ken Ham

Kenneth Alfred Ham (born 20 October 1951) is an Australian young-Earth creationist. He is the president of Answers in Genesis (AiG). Ham is also the founder of the Creation Museum in Petersburg, Kentucky, United States. He is a former high school science teacher.

Ham was born on 20 October 1951 in Cairns, Queensland. His father was a Christian educator who settled his family in Brisbane, working as a school principal. Ham earned a Bachelor of Applied Science degree from Queensland Institute of Technology. He also earned a diploma in Education from the University of Queensland.

On 4 February 2014, at the Creation Museum, Ham debated Bill Nye (also known as "Bill Nye the Science Guy"). The topic was the question "Is Creation A Viable Model of Origins?". The televised event drew over three million viewers. Ham's position was the world was created about 6,000 years ago. He also defended his position that all animals alive today descend from those aboard Noah's Ark. Nye argued that radioisotopic and ice core data shows that Earth has existed for much longer than 6,000 years. He also added that using the Bible's description of the Ark it could not float. A number of experts were critical of the debate saying that it did not discuss important areas. At least one said neither did very well. An informal viewer's poll showed 92% thought Nye won the debate. However, "Debate is a tool for showing who's a better orator, not necessarily who's right. And Ken Ham is no mean orator, usually," noted the National Center for Science Education, a not-for-profit membership organization that defends the teaching of evolution and climate science."

Ham said of his father:

He married Marylin "Mally" on 30 December 1972. They have five children together. The Ham couple live in unincorporated Boone County, Kentucky.

Jim Lange

Jim Lange (August 15, 1932 – February 25, 2014) was an American game show host and disc jockey. He was best known to radio listeners for his work as an announcer on stations in California. He was best known to television viewers as the host of "The Dating Game". He was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Lange died from a heart attack on February 25, 2014 at his home in Mill Valley, California. He was aged 81. He was survived by his wife of over 35 years, Nancy Fleming, who won the Miss America crown in 1961.

Colin Mochrie

Colin Andrew Mochrie (; born November 30, 1957) is a Scottish-Canadian actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his work as a regular on both the British and American versions of the improvisational comedy television show "Whose Line Is It Anyway?".

Mochrie was born in Kilmarnock, Scotland. In 1964, he moved with his family to Canada. He first moved to Montreal, Quebec and finally Vancouver, British Columbia.

Wayne Brady

Wayne Alphonso Brady (born June 2, 1972) is an American actor, singer, comedian and television personality. He is best known for his work as a regular on the American version of the improvisational comedy television show "Whose Line Is It Anyway?". He has a daytime talk show called "The Wayne Brady Show", the original host of Fox's "Don't Forget the Lyrics!", and the host of "Let's Make a Deal" on CBS.

Brady is a five-time Emmy Award winner. He was also nominated for a Grammy Award in 2009 for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance, for his cover of the Sam Cooke song "A Change Is Gonna Come".

On August 7, 2023, Brady came out as pansexual in a post on Instagram.

Brady was born in Columbus, Georgia. He moved to Orlando, Florida as a young child to live with his grandmother and aunt. Brady refers to his grandmother, Valerie Petersen, as his "mom", because she raised him.

At 16, Brady started developing his improw skills while performing in community theater and in the Orlando improvisation troupe SAK Comedy Lab. He attended Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando, from which he graduated in 1989. He moved to Los Angeles in 1996 and continued developing his acting skills.

Brady was one of the improvisational theater performers in the original (British) version of "Whose Line Is It Anyway?." He host in 1998 when the last season was filmed in Hollywood, after which he became a regular on the American version.

In 2004, Brady joined the Broadway revival of "Chicago." He played the role of lawyer Billy Flynn. 

In 2006, he became the host of TV Land's "That's What I'm Talking About".

Brady appeared on the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother." He was playing James Stinson, the gay brother of Neil Patrick Harris's character, Barney Stinson. Wayne has also appeared as a guest star for the MTV show "Wild 'N Out" and lent his voice to the Adult Swim show "Robot Chicken".

He was on two episodes of "Kevin Hill". 

Brady's debut album was released on September 16, 2008. 

On the May 3, 2010, Brady was the guest host episode of "WWE Raw." He was involved in an in-ring segment with Edge and Randy Orton where he took an RKO. Later that year, in August, Brady played Tom Collins in a staged production of "Rent" at the Hollywood Bowl.

On March 4, 2011, he co-hosted the 42nd annual NAACP Image Awards with Holly Robinson Peete .

In the summer of 2013 Brady took part in the 2012 ABC improvisational comedy series "Trust Us with Your Life" and returned for The CW's revival of "Whose Line Is It Anyway?".

On June 7, 2013, Brady guest-starred as Don in the "Phineas and Ferb" episode "Where's Pinky?". 

From February 9 to 13, 2015, he guest-hosted "The Late Late Show" on CBS.

Brady played the lead role of Aaron Burr in the PrivateBank Theatre production of "Hamilton" in Chicago from January 17 to April 9, 2017.

On April 29, 2018, Brady won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host for "Let's Make A Deal" for the first time, after seven previous nominations.

Brady began making appearances as Dr. Reese Buckingham on "The Bold and the Beautiful" in November 2018.

On October 10, 2019, he was featured in a 30-minute YouTube documentary created by SoulPancake in collaboration with Funny or Die wherein a variety of comedians discuss mental health called "Laughing Matters."

He was named the winner of "The Masked Singer" season two where he was revealed to have portrayed "Fox" on December 18, 2019.

Brady later appeared as a guest panelist in season four of "The Masked Singer" where he also sang Maroon 5's "Memories" as "Mr. TV" at the start of the sixth episode.

On December 28, 2020, It was announced that Brady would star as Django in a benefit concert presentation of "Ratatouille the Musical", an internet meme that originated on TikTok, inspired by the 2007 Disney/Pixar film. The concert streamed exclusively on TodayTix on January 1, 2021, and raised over $1 million for The Actors Fund.

Jan Hoet

Jan Hoet (23 June 1936 – 27 February 2014) was a Belgian art critic and curator. He was the founder of Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst (SMAK; ).

He was born in Leuven. On 17 June 2012, he collapsed at the airport in Hamburg, Germany after having a heart attack. On 23 June 2012, Hoet suffered from hypercapnia and he was being held in a coma at the hospital of Soltau, Germany. He soon returned to Ghent.

Hoet suffered a second heart attack in January 2014. He died at a hospital in Ghent on February 27, 2014. He was aged 77.

Fryazino

Fryazino is a scientific town in Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is about 25 miles northeast of the city of Moscow. The population is about 55,369. 

Fryazino is an electronics center. Merloni Electrodomestici of Italy has facilities in Fryazino that make electric stoves and washing machines. Currently, however, a large part of the population of Fryazino works in Moscow. 

The first school was opened in Fryazino in 1912. There are seven schools, including five secondary and gymnasiums in the town now. By the end of 1980, 20% of the population of Fryazino had a higher education.

Seth Meyers

Seth Adam Meyers (born December 28, 1973) is an American actor, voice actor, screenwriter, producer, television host and comedian. He is best known for hosting NBC's "Saturday Night Live" news parody segment "Weekend Update" and the NBC talk show "Late Night with Seth Meyers". The latter program premiered on February 24, 2014.

Meyers was born in Evanston, Illinois to Hillary and Lawrence Meyers. in 1996 he graduated from Northwestern University. After college he and his brother Josh moved to Amsterdam. They joined a comedy improv group called Boom Chicago. In 2001 he auditioned for producer Lorne Michaels of "Saturday Night Live" and joined the cast that same year.

Neil deGrasse Tyson

Neil deGrasse Tyson ( or ; born October 5, 1958) is an American astrophysicist, author, and science communicator. He is currently the Frederick P. Rose Director of the Hayden Planetarium at the Rose Center for Earth and Space and a research associate in the department of astrophysics at the American Museum of Natural History.

Tyson was born in the borough Manhattan of New York City, New York. He graduated from The Bronx High School of Science. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics from Harvard University. He earned his doctorate degree in Astrophysics from Columbia University. He lives in Lower Manhattan with his wife and two children.

In December 2018, Tyson was accused on sexual misconduct by many female former students. He said that the allegations were not true, but Fox and National Geographic announced that they would launch an investigation into the matter.



Intelligence agency

An intelligence agency is a government agency. Its job is to collect, analyse, and use information to support its government. 

There are two parts to this, and usually they are done by separate agencies. The first part is to collect information (to "spy") on other countries. The other side is to watch people in the home country who might cause problems. A third activity is to defend against foreign intelligence agencies in the home country. This is called counter-intelligence, and is often done by a separate agency.

What the agencies discover is called "intelligence". It may be used to help law enforcement, security, defence and foreign policy. 

The methods of information gathering are sometimes covert (hidden) and sometimes quite open. A covert method might be to steal and copy secret documents. An open method would be to read all published work on some important matter, and analyse it. Much important material is published openly in democratic countries.

To get hold of secret information, these organisations use espionage, intercept signals (tap phones, hack computers), cryptanalysis (break codes), and think about what the information means. Putting together and communicating information is known as intelligence analysis and assessment.

Some agencies have been involved in assassination, arms trafficking, coups d'état, and the placement of misinformation (propaganda) as well as other covert operations, in order to support their own or their governments' interests.



The United States has about 17 major intelligence groups, and many other smaller groups. These are the most important:

Elias Lönnrot

Elias Lönnrot (9 April 1802 – 19 March 1884) was a Finnish philologist. He collected traditional spoken poems and made a book of them. He made Finland's national epic, "Kalevala". This is a book of traditional folk stories and poems. He collected these during several journeys across Finland, Karelia, and parts of Russia and the Baltic countries.

Lönnrot, Mikael Agricola and Aleksis Kivi are regarded fathers of a national literature in Finnish.

Lönnrot also the first book about plants in Finland, "Flora Fennica" () in 1860.

He was born and died in Sammatti, an old town in Uusimaa.

Tana (Norway)

The Tana River ( or ; ; ), is a river, and it is the border between Norway and Finland for . The river is in Sápmi area of northern Fenno-Scandinavia, sometimes called Scandinavia. The river flows through Finnmark county, Norway, and the Lapland region of Finland. The Sámi name means "Great River". The main tributaries of Tana are Anarjohka and Karasjohka rivers. It is one of the world's most important rivers for Atlantic salmon reproduction. 



Alexander Salák

Alexander Salák (born January 5, 1987) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for SKA Saint Petersburg in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

Salák started his career playing in the SM-liiga with the TPS Turku. He played there for 2 seasons and was signed by the Florida Panthers of the NHL on May 29, 2009. He played two games with the Panthers and was sent down to their AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans. Salák was loaned to Färjestads BK of the Swedish Elite League (SEL) to play in the 2010-11 season.

On February 9, 2011, the Panthers traded Salák along with Michael Frolík to the Chicago Blackhawks for Jack Skille, Hugh Jessiman, and David Pacan. The Blackhawks signed him to a two-year contract on May 31, 2011. The Blackhawks released him from his contract on June 18, 2012.

Atlantic salmon

The Atlantic salmon ("Salmo salar") is a fish in the family Salmonidae. Atlantic salmon are found in the northern Atlantic Ocean and in rivers that flow into the north Atlantic. They have also been successfully transplanted into the north Pacific Ocean. Other names for Atlantic salmon are: bay salmon, black salmon, caplin-scull salmon, Sebago salmon, silver salmon, fiddler, or outside salmon. Atlantic salmon that do not reach the sea are known as landlocked salmon or ouananiche. This can be due to human interference or natural disasters.

Most Atlantic salmon follow an life cycle. Once hatched, they are called alevins. They live off the nutrients in the yolk sac they were born with. Once they start feeding they are called fry. They grow into juveniles or parr and remain in fresh water for a number of years while growing. When they leave fresh water they are called smolts. Smolts leave the streams and move into the ocean for feeding and growth. The post-smolts change from territorial behavior to that of open ocean, possibly shoaling, fish. Their mortality rate while in the ocean is very high. The rate is from 90% to as high as 99%. After 1–5 years at sea they return to spawn in the same streams they were born in. Unlike most Pacific salmon species, the Atlantic salmon are , meaning they don't automatically die after their first spawning. But the stress of spawning, predators, or disease does kill many. The remainder return to sea to spawn again and again.

There is variety in the life cycle of Atlantic salmon. They do not require salt water. Numerous examples of fully fresh water landlocked Atlantic salmon exist throughout the Northern Hemisphere. In North America, the landlocked fish are called ouananiche. Fresh water Atlantic salmon are smaller than the (ocean-dwelling) Atlantic salmon.


Huber Matos

Huber Matos Benítez (26 November 1918 – 27 February 2014) was a Cuban dissident activist and writer from Yara, Granma Province.

He was best known as a revolutionary who assisted Fidel Castro, Che Guevara and other members of the 26th of July Movement (M-26-7) in removing the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista as part of the Cuban Revolution. He was against Batista since the general's effective coup in 1952, which he called unconstitutional, but became more critical of the movement's shift towards Marxist principles, and closing ties with leaders of the Communist Party of Cuba (PCC). He was convicted of "treason and sedition" by the new Castro regime. He would spend 20 years in prison (1959–1979) before being released in 1979.

After his release, he spent his time between Miami, Florida, United States and Costa Rica. He was politically active in speaking out against the Cuban government.

Matos died from a heart attack on 27 February 2014 in Miami, Florida. He was aged 95.

Non-Stop (movie)

Non-Stop is a 2014 French-American action thriller/mystery movie directed by Jaume Collet-Serra. It was produced by Joel Silver. It stars Liam Neeson and Julianne Moore. It will be released on February 28, 2014.

Ghostbusters

Ghostbusters is an American supernatural comedy movie directed by Ivan Reitman. It is about people fighting ghosts in New York City. It was written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis. It stars Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, Sigourney Weaver, Annie Potts, William Atherton, Ernie Hudson and Rick Moranis. The music was composed by Elmer Bernstein. It was released on June 8, 1984. The movie earned $229 million at the box office and received mostly positive reviews. It was followed by "Ghostbusters II".


Rick Moranis

Frederick Allan "Rick" Moranis (born April 18, 1953) is a Canadian actor, comedian, screenwriter and songwriter. He was nominated for a Grammy Award twice. He was known for his role in the movie, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" and in "". He is also known for appearing in "Ghostbusters", "The Flintstones", "Spaceballs", and in "Little Shop of Horrors".


Elmer Bernstein

Elmer Bernstein (April 4, 1922 – August 18, 2004) was an American composer and conductor. He is best known for his many movie soundtracks.

His musical career last for fifty years, he composed music for over one hundred movies and television shows. His most popular works include the scores to "The Magnificent Seven", "The Ten Commandments", "The Great Escape", "To Kill a Mockingbird", "Ghostbusters", "The Black Cauldron" and "The Rookies". 

Bernstein stated composers like Benny Goodman, Dimitri Tiomkin, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Jakob Gimpel, Alfred Newman, Richard Wagner, Roger Sessions, Jimmie Lunceford, Victor Young, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Franz Waxman and Max Steiner as influences. 
Those who consider Bernstein on their careers include James Newton Howard, Alan Menken, Joel McNeely, Howard Shore, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Georges Delerue, John Barry, Lalo Schifrin, Dick Hyman, Hans Zimmer, Jerry Goldsmith, John Williams, Trevor Jones, Mark Isham, Henry Jackman,
Mark Mancina, Germaine Franco, Bear McCreary, Ennio Morricone, Danny Elfman, Randy Newman, Randy Edelman, John Debney, Harry Gregson-Williams, Joseph Trapanese, Rupert Gregson-Williams, David Newman, Thomas Newman, Michael Kamen, John Powell and Brian Tyler.

Bernstein died of cancer on August 18, 2004.


Sorel Etrog

Sorel Etrog, CM (August 29, 1933 – February 26, 2014) was a Romanian-born Canadian artist, writer and philosopher. He is best known for his work as a sculptor. In 1966, works by Etrog, Alex Colville and Yves Gaucher represented Canada at the Venice Biennale.

He died from prostate cancer in Toronto. He was aged 80.


Ernie Hudson

Earnest Lee "Ernie" Hudson (born December 17, 1945) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Winston Zeddemore in the "Ghostbusters" movie series, Sergeant Albrecht in "The Crow", and Warden Leo Glynn on HBO's "Oz".


Shehu Shagari

Shehu Usman Aliyu Shagari, "Turakin Sakkwato" (25 February 1925 – 28 December 2018) was a Nigerian politician. He served as the President of Nigeria's Second Republic from 1979 to 1983. His government was given power by General Olusegun Obasanjo's military government.

Shagari died on 28 December 2018 at a hospital in Abuja, Nigeria from a short-illness at the age of 93.

Ali Hassan Mwinyi

Ali Hassan Mwinyi (8 May 1925 – 29 February 2024) was a Tanzanian politician. He was the second President of Tanzania from 1985 to 1995. Before that he had been Interior Minister and Vice President. He also was chairman of the ruling party, the Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) from 1990 to 1996.

Mwinyi was born in Kivure, in the Pwani Region. He died of lung cancer at a hospital in Dar es Salaam, on 29 February 2024, at the age of 98.

Nicholas Brathwaite

Sir Nicholas Alexander Brathwaite PC (8 July 1925 – 28 October 2016) was a Grenadian politician. He was the acting Prime Minister of Grenada from 1983 to 1984. He then served as the 5th Prime Minister of Grenada from 1990 to 1995. He resigned from his duties as prime minister in 1995. He was knighted the same year.

Mahathir Mohamad

Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad (Jawi: ; born 10 July 1925) is a Malaysian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Malaysia from May 2018 to March 2020. He was also the fourth Prime Minister of Malaysia. He held the job for 22 years from 1981 to 2003. This made him Malaysia's longest-serving Prime Minister. His political career lasted for almost 40 years until briefly retiring.

During his job, he made many laws that helped Malaysia become richer. He was a kind person.

At 94, he is the oldest living Prime Minister of Malaysia and was the world's oldest head of state or government still in office until he resigned in February 2020.

In 2018, Mahathir announced his bid for another term as Malaysian Prime Minister for the 2018 general election. He won the election in May 2018.

On 24 February 2020, Mahathir announced his resignation as Prime Minister.


Quett Masire

Quett Ketumile Joni Masire, GCMG (23 July 1925 – 22 June 2017) was a Botswana politician. He was the second President of Botswana for the Botswana Democratic Party from 1980 to 1998 serving for 17 years. He was born in Kanye.

Masire died in Gaborone, Botswana on 22 June 2017 from surgical complications at the age of 91.

Ali Bozer

Ali Husrev Bozer (28 July 1925 – 30 September 2020) was a Turkish politician and professor of commercial law.

He was originally a member of the Nationalist Democracy Party (MDP). He then joined the Motherland Party (ANAP). He served as Deputy Prime Minister under Turgut Özal and Yıldırım Akbulut. He was also Minister of Foreign Affairs.

He was born in Ankara. Bozer died on 30 September 2020 in Ankara from COVID-19, aged 95.


Gérard Kango Ouédraogo

Gérard Kango Ouédraogo (19 September 1925 – 1 July 2014) was Prime Minister of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 13 February 1971 to 8 February 1974. He was President of the National Assembly of Burkina Faso from 1978 to November 25, 1980. 

He was born in Ouahigouya. 

He served in the French National Assembly from 1956-1959.

Gérard Ouédraogo was born on September 19, 1925, in Ouahigouya, at the entrance of an ancestral site, Naaba Kango Cave. His name Kango was originally Kaongo, that is to say the field that surrounds a palace or a concession.

Founder of the MRV (Voltaic regroupment movement), he was deputy of Upper Volta under the Fourth Republic, in the first National Assembly of the Fifth Republic. He was ambassador of the new independent state of Upper Volta in Great Britain from 1960 to 1966. Subsequently, he continued to play an important role in the political life of the country, notably by sitting in the National Assembly for the constituency of Ouahigouya and being one of the leaders of the UDV / RDA (Democratic Union Voltaic, member of the African Democratic Rally). He was Prime Minister of Upper Volta from 1971 to 1974, under the presidency of Aboubacar Sangoulé Lamizana.

President of the National Assembly during the coup d'état of Saye Zerbo on November 25, 1980, he was imprisoned several times under the dictatorships of Saye Zerbo, Thomas Sankara and Blaise Compaore. Since the easing of the regime presided over by the latter head of state in the early 1990s, he was elected twice as MP under the Fourth Republic, before resigning on May 27, 1998. Shortly thereafter, the African Democratic Rally appointed honorary president for life.

Yang Hyong-sop

Yang Hyong-sop (1 October 1925 – 13 May 2022) was a North Korean politician. He was elected chairman of the Supreme People's Assembly in 1983, and served until 1998. He was vice president of the Presidium of the Spa (1998–2019).

Yang was born in Hamhung. He attended Moscow State University and Kim Il-sung University. He was married to Kim Shin-sook, a cousin of Kim Il-Sung.

Yang Hyong-sop died of a stroke on 13 May 2022, at the age of 96.

Antoine Gizenga

Antoine Gizenga (5 October 1916 – 24 February 2019) was a Congolese politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 30 December 2006 to 10 October 2008. He is the Secretary-General of the Unified Lumumbist Party ("Parti Lumumbiste Unifié", PALU).

Gizenga was born in Mushiko, Bandundu. He died on 24 February 2019 in Kinshasa, aged 102.

Czesław Kiszczak

Czesław Jan Kiszczak (; 19 October 1925 – 5 November 2015) was a Polish politician. He was active during the Polish People's Republic, the Communist period in Poland.

Kiszczak was a member of the Polish Workers' Party and later the Polish United Workers' Party (PZPR). He served as a high-ranking officer of the Polish Army, a chief of secret services and Minister of Internal Affairs (MSW) between 1981 and 1990.

He served during the years of Martial Law in Poland. He was an assistant of Wojciech Jaruzelski. He was also the last Communist Prime Minister of Poland, serving briefly in 1989.

Gregorio Conrado Álvarez

Gregorio Conrado Álvarez Armelino (November 26, 1925 – December 28, 2016) was a Uruguayan general and former dictator. He served as the "de facto" president of Uruguay from 1981 until 1985.

On October 22, 2009, he was convicted for 37 counts of murder and human rights violations. He was sentenced to 25 years in prison. However, he was not in court to hear the verdict as he was ill.

He was born in Montevideo.

Julio María Sanguinetti

Julio María Sanguinetti Coirolo (born 6 January 1936) is a Uruguayan politician, lawyer and journalist. He served as President of Uruguay twice: from March 1985 until March 1990, and from March 1995 until March 2000. He was from the Colorado Party.

He supports same-sex marriage and a bill that recently approved same-sex marriages by the Uruguayan legislature.

Sanguinetti was born in Montevideo.

Arnaldo Forlani

Arnaldo Forlani (; 8 December 1925 – 6 July 2023) was an Italian politician. He served as the 44th Prime Minister of Italy from 18 October 1980 to 28 June 1981. He was previously a member of the right-wing of the Italian Christian Democratic Party.

Forlani died on 6 July 2023 in Rome, Italy at the age of 97.

Trần Thiện Khiêm

General Trần Thiện Khiêm (15 December 1925 – 24 June 2021) was a Vietnamese military officer. He was an officer in the army of South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. 

During the 1960s he was involved in several coups d'état. He helped President Ngô Đình Diệm put down a coup attempt in November 1960. He was rewarded with promotion. In 1963 he was involved in the coup that deposed and assassinated Ngo Dinh Diem. From 1969 until 1975, he was the Prime Minister of South Vietnam.

Khiêm died on 24 June 2021 in San Jose, California at the age of 95.

Luis Alberto Monge

Luis Alberto Monge Álvarez (29 December 1925 – 29 November 2016) was a Costa Rican politician, diplomat and lawyer. He was the President of Costa Rica from 8 May 1982 to 8 May 1986. Before being President, he was the country's ambassador to Israel.

He was born in Palmares, Alajuela Province. Monge died of cardiac arrest on 29 November 2016 in San José, aged 90.


Rachid Solh

Rachid Solh (1 January 1926 – 27 June 2014) was a Lebanese politician. He served as the Prime Minister. He was part of one of the most powerful Sunni Muslim families in the country.

Solh was elected as a member of the Lebanese Parliament for the first time in 1960. He was appointed prime minister by president Suleiman Franjieh in 1974.

Solh resigned from office on 15 May 1975, a few weeks after the start of the Lebanese Civil War.

He died on 27 June 2014, aged 88.

Abdul-Karim Mousavi Ardebili

Abdul-Karim Mousavi Ardebili (; January 28, 1926 - November 23, 2016) was an Iranian politician and Muslim leader. He served as the head of legal system of Iran for about 8 years after terror of Dr. Beheshti until death of Khomeini. He was a marja of the Twelver branch of Shia Islam.

He was born in Ardabil. He died in Tehran on 23 November 2016.

Valéry Giscard d'Estaing

Valéry Marie René Georges Giscard d'Estaing (, , ; 2 February 19262 December 2020), also known as Giscard or VGE, was a French politician and writer. He was the 20th President of France from 1974 to 1981 during the Fifth Republic.

Born in Koblenz, Germany, Giscard d'Estaing began his political career as a Gaullist and slowly began to change his political thinking around the time he was the Minister of Finance when Jacques Chaban-Delmas and Pierre Messmer were prime ministers. 

He won the presidential election of 1974 with 50.8% of the vote against François Mitterrand of the Socialist Party. His presidency was seen as liberal for his focus on divorce, contraception and abortion. His presidency helped modernise the country through his creation and growth of TGV and support of nuclear power as France's main energy source. However, he became unpopular because of a bad economy and the 1973 energy crisis, which many felt that it was the end of the "Trente Glorieuses". In 1981, he lost his re-election campaign to Mitterrand, with 48.2% of the vote.

After his presidency, he was a member of the Constitutional Council. He also was President of the Regional Council of Auvergne from 1986 to 2004. Giscard d'Estaing focused on the European Union after his presidency. He was in charge of the Convention on the Future of Europe that created the unsuccessful treaty that would have created a constitution for Europe. In 2003, he was elected to the Académie française and awarded Charlemagne Prize. 

At the time of his death at age 94 years and 304 days, Giscard d'Estaing was the longest-lived French president in history. He died in December 2020 from COVID-19.

Giscard d'Estaing was born on 2 February 1926 in Koblenz, Germany, during the French occupation of the Rhineland. He was the oldest son of Jean Edmond Lucien Giscard d'Estaing and his wife Marthe Clémence Jacqueline Marie (May) Bardoux.

Giscard d'Estaing had an older sister, Sylvie and younger siblings Olivier, Isabelle, and Marie-Laure. 

He joined the French Resistance and was part of the Liberation of Paris where he protected Alexandre Parodi. He then joined the French First Army. He was later awarded the "Croix de guerre" for his military service.

He studied at Lycée Blaise-Pascal in Clermont-Ferrand, École Gerson and Lycées Janson-de-Sailly and Louis-le-Grand in Paris. He graduated from the École polytechnique and the École nationale d'administration. He later joined the Inspection des finances. He worked in the Tax and Revenue Service, then joined the staff of Prime Minister Edgar Faure from 1955 to 1956.

In 1956, Giscard d'Estaing was elected to the National Assembly as a deputy for the Puy-de-Dôme "département". He joined the National Centre of Independents and Peasants (CNIP), a conservative group. After the creation of the Fifth Republic, the CNIP leader Antoine Pinay became Minister of Economy and Finance and chose him as Secretary of State for Finances from 1959 to 1962.

In 1962, when Giscard d'Estaing was nominated as Minister of Economy and Finance, his party split up with the Gaullists and left the majority coalition. At first, Giscard d'Estaing was a supporter of French president Charles de Gaulle. He did not support this and founded the Independent Republicans (RI). During this time, he supported the United States dollar as a form of international payments.

In 1966, Giscard d'Estaing was removed from the cabinet. He made the RI into a political party, the National Federation of the Independent Republicans (FNRI), and founded the Perspectives and Realities Clubs. In 1969, Giscard d'Estaing supported a "no" vote in the constitutional referendum which focused on the regions and the Senate. De Gaulle had said that he would resign if the "no" won. After De Gaulle resigned, many of his supporters blamed Giscard d'Estaing for being responsible for De Gaulle's resignation. From 1967 to 1974, he was Mayor of Chamalières.

During the 1969 presidential campaign, he supported the winning candidate Georges Pompidou, after which he became the Minister of Economy and Finance again.

In 1974, after the death of President Georges Pompidou, Giscard d'Estaing announced his candidacy for the presidency. His two main challengers were François Mitterrand for the left and Jacques Chaban-Delmas, a former Gaullist Prime Minister. Jacques Chirac explained that Giscard d'Estaing was the best candidate to stop Mitterrand from being elected. In the election, Giscard d'Estaing beat Mitterrand by a small number of votes, winning 50.7% of the vote which was 425,000 votes. At 48, he was the third youngest president in French history at the time, after Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte and Jean Casimir-Perier. 
When Giscard d'Estaing made it easier for people to get political asylum, he expanded health insurance, lowered the voting age to 18, and modernised the divorce law. He supported the creation of the TGV high speed train network and the Minitel telephone upgrade. He supported nuclear power. 

Economically, Giscard d'Estaing's presidency increased personal incomes, as employment went up 29% and pensions by 65%.

Giscard d'Estaing tried to make the presidency look less like a monarchy. He rode the Métro, ate monthly dinners with citizens, and even invited garbage men from Paris to have breakfast with him in the Élysée Palace. Many of his critics believed that Giscard was not formal enough to be president.

Many conservatives that supported him slowly began to criticise him because he helped legalise abortion. Even though he was against the death penalty, Giscard d'Estaing said in his 1974 campaign that he would support the death penalty for some criminals. He did not remove three death sentences that happened during his presidency, making France the last country in Europe to take part of death penalty. 

Prime Minister Jacques Chirac, who resigned in 1976, began to criticise Giscard d'Estaing's leadership and later became political enemies with him.

Giscard d'Estaing was a close friend of West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt and together they helped create the European Monetary System. They also helped make the Soviet Union support the Helsinki Accords. 

He supported creation of the European Council at the Paris Summit in December 1974.

In 1975, Giscard d'Estaing made the King of Spain Juan Carlos I to ban Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet from his coronation by saying that if Pinochet went, he would not. Although France accepted many Chilean political refugees, Giscard d'Estaing's government secretly worked with Pinochet's and Argentina's Jorge Rafael Videla's dictatorship governments.

Giscard d'Estaing supported de Gaulle's African policy where supported delivering oil supplies to and from Africa. In 1977, in the Opération Lamantin, he ordered the French military to go to Mauritania and stop the Polisario guerrillas fighting against Mauritania.

Giscard d'Estaing became controversial for his support of Jean-Bédel Bokassa in the Central African Republic. Due to the growing unpopularity of that government, he began to slowly criticise Bokassa. In 1979's Operation Caban, French troops helped remove Bokassa from power and made former president David Dacko the new leader. 

The Diamonds Affair, known in France as "l'affaire des diamants", was a major political scandal in the Fifth Republic. In 1973, while Minister of Finance, Giscard d'Estaing was given diamonds by Bokassa. Many believe this is what made him lose his re-election.

In the 1981 presidential election, Giscard d'Estaing's re-election was in trouble because former Prime Minister Chirac ran against him. Chirac finished third and did not tell his supporters to vote for Giscard in the second round of the election. Giscard d'Estaing lost to Mitterrand by 3 points in the runoff, ending a 23-year conservative presidential span. He blamed Chirac for his defeat.

Giscard d’Estaing was seen as an important person in modernising France and making the European Union strong. He was popular because his presidency passed many small social reforms, such as lowering the voting age by three years, allowing divorce by common consent, and legalising abortion. 

However, he was unable to fix the great economic crisis of his term, a worldwide economic recession caused by a massive increase in oil prices. His foreign policy was remembered for his close relationship with West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt. Together they helped expand and made Europe's economic power stronger as they pushed for the European Monetary System and helped create the G-7 system.

After he lost in 1981, Giscard d'Estaing retired for a short time from politics. In 1984, he was re-elected to his seat in the National Assembly and won the presidency of Auvergne. He was President of the Council of European Municipalities and Regions from 1997 to 2004.

In 1982, along with former U.S. President Gerald Ford, Giscard d'Estaing co-founded the annual AEI World Forum. He has also was a member of the Trilateral Commission after being president.

Giscard d'Estaing hoped to become prime minister after the re-election of Mitterrand, but he was not chosen for this job. During the 1988 presidential campaign, he did not support two of his two former Prime Ministers Jacques Chirac and Raymond Barre.

Giscard d'Estaing was President of the UDF from 1988 to 1996. Most of the UDF politicians supported the candidacy of the RPR Prime Minister Édouard Balladur at the 1995 presidential election, but Giscard d'Estaing supported Chirac, who won the election. 

In 2000, he created a proposal to limit the length of a presidential term from seven to five years, a proposal that eventually won its referendum proposal by President Chirac. Following his retirement from the National Assembly his son Louis Giscard d'Estaing was elected.

In 2003, Giscard d'Estaing became a member of the Académie française. In 2004, he became a member of the Constitutional Council. His support for creating a European Constitution, were criticised. Many believed Giscard should have been removed from the council and be given a life membership in the Senate.

He supported the presidential campaigns of Nicolas Sarkozy in 2007 and François Fillon in 2017. In 2013, Giscard d'Estaing supported same-sex marriage in France.

On 21 January 2017, he became the oldest former president in French history.

Giscard d'Estaing was a supporter of a stronger European Union. From 1989 to 1993, Giscard d'Estaing was a member of the European Parliament. From 1989 to 1991, he was also chairman of the Liberal and Democratic Reformist Group.

From 2001 to 2004, he was President of the Convention on the Future of Europe. On 29 October 2004, the European heads of state approved and signed the European Constitution based on a draft supported by Giscard d'Estaing's work at the Convention. Although the constitution was not approved by French voters in May 2005, Giscard d'Estaing continued to support for its passage in other European Union states. 

Giscard d'Estaing was a supporter of the Lisbon Treaty. 

In 2008 he became the Honorary President of the Permanent Platform of Atomium Culture. On 27 November 2009, Giscard d'Estaing started the Permanent Platform of Atomium Culture during its first meeting, held at the European Parliament.

Giscard d'Estaing's name was often shortened to "VGE". He was also known as "l'Ex", especially during the time he was the only living former president.

On 17 December 1952, Giscard d'Estaing married Anne-Aymone Sauvage de Brantes. His family did not live in the presidential Élysée Palace during his presidency. In 1974, "Le Monde" reported that he used to leave a letter about where he was in case of an emergency.

In May 2020, Giscard d'Estaing was accused of touching a German journalist's buttocks during an interview in 2018. He denied the accusations, saying that he never did this, however apologised to the reporter.

In 2005, he and his brother bought the castle of Estaing. However, many newspapers in different countries why they bought with many believing they wanted to become French nobility. It was put up for sale in 2008 for €3 million It is now owned by the Valéry Giscard d'Estaing Foundation.

Giscard d'Estaing wrote his second romantic novel, published on 1 October 2009 in France, titled "The Princess and the President". It tells the story of a French leader having a romantic affair with a character called Patricia, Princess of Cardiff. This caused many rumours that the book was based on a real-life affair between Giscard d'Estaing and Diana, Princess of Wales. He later said that such an affair never happened and that the book was fictional.

On 14 September 2020, Giscard d'Estaing was hospitalised for breathing problems at the Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou in Paris. He was later diagnosed with a lung infection. He was hospitalised again on 15 November, but left the hospital on 20 November.

Giscard d'Estaing died of problems caused by COVID-19 on 2 December 2020 during the pandemic in France at his Authon, Loir-et-Cher home, aged 94. His funeral and burial was held on 5 December in Authon with forty people going the event.

President Emmanuel Macron released a statement calling Giscard d'Estaing a "servant of the state, a politician of progress and freedom". Macron declared a national day of mourning for Giscard d'Estaing on 9 December. Former presidents Nicolas Sarkozy and François Hollande, 2017 presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and European Union leaders Charles Michel, David Sassoli, and Ursula von der Leyen all talked positively about Giscard d'Estaing's role in modernising France and relations with the European Union.

Giscard d'Estaing was honoured with the Grand-croix of the Legion of Honour and of the Ordre National du Mérite.

In 1966, he was made Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic. In 1973, Giscard d'Estaing was honored with the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. In 1975, Giscard d'Estaing was honoured with Portugal's Grand Collar of the Order of Saint James of the Sword. In 1976, he was honoured with the Order of the Bath, and Order of the Southern Cross. 

In 1978, Giscard d'Estaing was made Knight of the Order of the Elephant and honoured with the Grand Collar of the Order of Prince Henry by Portugal. That same year, he was honored with the Order of Charles III by Spain. In 1980, Giscard d'Estaing was honoured with the Order of the Seraphim.

In 1979, he was given the Nansen Refugee Award. 

In 2003, Giscard d'Estaing received the Charlemagne Award of the German city of Aachen. He was also a Knight of Malta.


Mohammad Hasan Sharq

Mohammad Hasan Sharq (born 17 July 1925) is an Afghan politician during the communist regime of Afghanistan. Sharq became Prime Minister of Afghanistan or Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Soviet-backed government, the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan.

He was selected as a back-up candidate after the Loya Jirga ratified a new constitution in 1987. However, the power of his office was relatively small compared with the ones of the Presidency.

Abdelsalam Majali

Abdelsalam Atalla al-Majali ( ; 18 February 1925 – 3 January 2023) was a Jordanian medical doctor and politician. He served twice as the Prime Minister of Jordan.

Chau Sen Cocsal Chhum

Chau Sen Cocsal (; 1 September 1905 – 22 January 2009), also known as "Chhum" (), was a Cambodian civil servant and politician. He served as Prime Minister of Cambodia for a short period of time in 1962. Chhum was old at the time of his death. This makes him the oldest lived former Prime Minister.


Antoine Pinay

Antoine Pinay (; 30 December 1891 – 13 December 1994) was a French conservative politician. He served as Prime Minister of France from March 1952 through March 1953.

He was also Minister of Public Works, Transport, Tourism, Finance, Economic and Foreign Affairs.

He died in Saint-Chamond, Loire, at the age of 102. He is the third longest-lived national head of government or head of state in history, behind Chau Sen Cocsal Chhum and Celâl Bayar.

Willem Drees

Willem Drees (; July 5, 1886 – May 14, 1988) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA) and its predecessor the SDAP. He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from August 7, 1948 until December 22, 1958.

Before entering national politics Drees was a member of the municipal council and also an alderman of The Hague. During this time he was also a member of the Provincial States of South Holland.

Drees was an active performer of Esperanto.


Martin E. Sullivan

Martin E. Sullivan (February 9, 1944 – February 25, 2014) was an American museum director. He served as Director of the United States National Portrait Gallery from 2008 to 2012. This gallery is administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 

Sullivan died of kidney failure. He was aged 70.

Tim Wilson (comedian)

Timothy Collins "Tim" Wilson (August 5, 1961 – February 26, 2014) was an American stand-up comedian and country musician. He released many comedy albums. He worked with Capitol Records in Nashville. He made many appearances on the "John Boy and Billy", "Big D and Bubba" and "Bob and Tom Show".

Wilson died from a heart attack. He was aged 52.


Country-western dance

The country-western dance (also country dance or cowboy) is dancing that is performed mostly to country music. It is also called kicker dancing in Texas. There are several forms of it.

The western couple dance is social dancing that involves several people. Other dances include line dance and square dancing.

Other versions of the dance include:


The dance dates back to the late 18th century.

Anjem Choudary

Anjem Choudary (; born 1967) is a British former solicitor and Islam preacher. He was the leader and spokesman for the Islamist group Islam4UK until it was banned under the Terrorism Act 2000.

Choudary was born in Welling, London to Pakistani parents. He is married to Rubana Akhtar. As of 2006, the couple have three children.

Aaron Allston

Aaron Allston (December 8, 1960 – February 27, 2014) was an American game designer and writer of many science fiction books. He was best known for his "Star Wars" novels. His works as a game designer include mostly role-playing games (RPGs). He several of the RPGs served to create the basis for products and following development of TSR's "Dungeons & Dragons" game setting Mystara. He was born in Corsicana, Texas.

Allston collapsed after having a massive heart failure on December 8, 1960 during a VisionCon in Springfield, Missouri. He died later that day at the age of 53.


Son of God (movie)

The movie Son of God is a biographical movie. It was released February 28, 2014. It is about the life and death of Jesus Christ. This movie has a run time of 138 minutes.

The MPAA rated the movie PG-13. Reviews of the movie were not good.

Grinding

Grinding (also called freaking or freak dancing) is a dance where two or more people rub or bump their bodies against one another. It became popular in night clubs. The dance then moved into high schools across the United States and Canada.

Schools have tried to ban grinding because it is very sexual.

A dance similar to grinding is "The Bump", which was popular in the 1970s. Another is the twerk, which became popular through the 2000s into the 2010s.

Lipovica, Lipljan

Lipovica (, ) is a village in Kosovo. It is near the city of Lipljan. It is next to the Blinaja Park, where people go hunting.

Hugo Brandt Corstius

Hugo Brandt Corstius (29 August 1935 – 28 February 2014) was a Dutch journalist, columnist and writer. He known for his success in both literature and science. He was born in Eindhoven, North Brabant.

Brandt Corstius died after a long illness on 28 February 2014 in Amsterdam, North Holland. He was 78 years old. He was outlived by his children, journalists Aaf (born 1975) and Jelle (born 1978).

Bark bread

Bark bread is a form of bread used during a famine. It made by adding ground phloem to the flour as an to make it last longer.

During the 18th and early 19th century Northern Europe had several very bad years of crop failure. This was particularly during the Little Ice Age of the mid 18th century. The grain harvest was badly affected. Many ideas to make the flour last longer were introduced. In 1742, samples of “emergency bread” were sent from Kristiansand, Norway to the Royal Administration in Copenhagen. One of these was bark bread. This is bread made from grain and bread made from burned bones. During the Napoleonic Wars, moss too was used for food.

The last time bark bread was used as famine food in Norway was during the Napoleonic Wars. The introduction of the potato as a staple crop gave the farmers other crops when grain production failed. So that bark bread and moss cakes were no longer needed. In Northern Sweden, traces of Sami harvest of bark from Scots pine are known from the 1890s. In Finland "pettuleipä" (literally "pinewood-bark bread") was produced as a substitute for bread during the Finnish Civil War of 1918.

Kolari

Kolari is a municipality in Finnish Lapland. It had almost 3,900 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kittilä, Muonio, Pello and Rovaniemi. Ilpo Väisänen planned the railway station building.


Pudasjärvi

Pudasjärvi is a town and municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 8,510 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Ii, Oulu, Posio, Puolanka, Ranua, Suomussalmi, Taivalkoski and Utajärvi.


Raul Soares Square

The Praça Raul Soares is a large public square in the city of Belo Horizonte, in Brazil. It is built in the French style. It is located where four major roads meet. The roads are Amazonas, Augusto de Lima, Bias Fortes and Olegário Maciel. The square is named in honor of the former governor of Minas Gerais, Raul Soares de Moura. 

In 2008, the square was renovated. The flowerbeds, sidewalks and fountains were fixed up. Some trees were replaced, lamp posts were resized, and advertisements were removed or adjusted. The walks were improved to provide easier access for disabled and blind people. This was paid for by the city's government. It cost about $2,600,000 U.S. dollars. The project aimed to make the square safer and easier for pedestrians.

List of Docklands Light Railway stations

This List of Docklands Light Railway stations shows the stations for each Docklands Light Railway route. It also shows the distance of the station from the start of the line.

Puolanka

Puolanka is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had 3,000 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Hyrynsalmi, Paltamo, Pudasjärvi, Ristijärvi, Suomussalmi, Utajärvi and Vaala.

Aittokylä, Askankylä, Leipivaara, Lylykylä, Naulaperä,Puolanka, Väyrylä, and Yli-Oterma.


Vaala

Vaala is a municipality in North Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 3,195 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kajaani, Liminka, Muhos, Paltamo, Puolanka, Siikalatva and Utajärvi.

Previously, Vaala was part of the Kainuu region but was changed to Northern Ostrobothnia on 1 January 2016.


Paltamo

Paltamo is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had about 3,600 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kajaani, Puolanka, Ristijärvi, Sotkamo and Vaala.


Lambada

The Lambada is a dance from Brazil. It is sometimes called the "forbidden dance". It started in the late 1970s. It became most popular in the 1980s. Its popularity was mostly in Latin American and Caribbean countries.

The Lambada is a dance for two people. The dance is done with bent legs. Steps are usually side to side, with turns. There are pronounced movements for the hips. Around the time the Lambada became popular, the women often wore short skirts. These skirts swirl up when the woman turns. Sometimes the woman's thong underwear is seen during the turns.

Sete de Setembro Square

Praça Sete de Setembro (in English: Sete de Setembro Square, and normally called Praça Sete) is a public square in the center of the city of Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.

It is located at the intersection of two major roads, "Afonso Pena" and "Amazonas", and by the streets Rio de Janeiro and Carijós. 

Nikki DeLoach

Ashlee Nicole DeLoach (or Nikki; born September 9, 1979) is an American actress and former singer. She was on "The Mickey Mouse Club" in the 1990s. She also played Lily in the 2008 version of "An American Carol".

DeLoach was born in Waycross, Georgia.

Luby's shooting

The Luby's massacre was a mass murder on October 16, 1991, which took place at a Luby's restaurant in Killeen, Texas, United States.

George Hennard, a thirty-five year old man, drove his blue 1987 Ford Ranger pickup truck through the front window of a Luby's restaurant. He yelled "This is what Bell County did to me!" and started shooting customers and staff members with a Glock 17 and a Ruger P89. He shot and killed 23 people, ten of them with a single shot to the head. He also wounded 20 other people. Hennard had a dislike of women and survivors of the shooting said that he went by men to shoot the women. He also announced that "All women of Killeen and Belton are vipers!" He exchanged gunfire with police officers, hid in a bathroom and committed suicide.

One of the survivors of the massacre was former Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives Suzanna Hupp. Both her parents were killed in the shooting.

Until the 2007 Virginia Tech massacre, it was the deadliest shooting rampage in American history. It is now the sixth deadliest in the United States.

After the massacre, the Texas Legislature passed a shall-issue gun law in 1995, which required all qualifying applicants be issued a Concealed Handgun License (which is Texas' required permit to carry concealed weapons). To qualify for a license, the person must be free-and-clear of crimes, attend a minimum 10-hour class which is taught by a state-certified instructor, pass a 50-question test, show a high amount of skill in a 50-round shooting test, and must pass two background tests, one shallow and one deep. The license costs $140 for a four year license and applicants have to pay $10 for fingerprinting as well as instructor costs which vary. The law was campaigned by shooting survivor Suzanna Hupp and was signed by then-Governor George W. Bush.

The restaurant closed down on September 9, 2000. A Chinese-American buffet called Yank Sing is now located where the Luby's used to be.

Edward J. Walsh

Edward Joseph Walsh (March 5, 1942 – February 14, 2014) was an American journalist. He reported on politics. He made news reports from foreign countries. He worked for "The Washington Post" and "The Oregonian".

Walsh was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the College of St. Thomas.

He died in Portland, Oregon, from lung cancer. He was aged 71.


Lesterville, South Dakota

Lesterville is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Yankton County, and 115 people lived there at the 2020 census. Lesterville became a city in 1883.

Lee Konitz

Lee Konitz (October 13, 1927 – April 15, 2020) was an American jazz composer and alto saxophonist. He was thought to be one of the main people involved in the cool jazz movement. Konitz has also performed successfully in bebop and experimental jazz.

Konitz was born in Chicago.

Konitz died in New York City on April 15, 2020 of COVID-19.


Sonny Rollins

Theodore Walter "Sonny" Rollins (born September 7, 1930) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist. Rollins is widely known as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians. A number of his compositions, such as "St. Thomas", "Oleo", "Doxy", and "Airegin", have become jazz standards.

Rollins was born in New York City.


Phil Woods

Philip Wells Woods (November 2, 1931 – September 29, 2015) was an American jazz bebop alto saxophonist, clarinetist, bandleader and composer. Woods was born in Springfield, Massachusetts.

Woods died from emphysema on September 29, 2015 in East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. He was 83.



Utica, South Dakota

Utica is a town in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Yankton County, and 70 people lived there at the 2020 census.

First inauguration of Ronald Reagan

Ronald Reagan was inaugurated as the 40th president of the United States on January 20, 1981. This inauguration was the beginning of Reagan's eight years as President. George H. W. Bush was inaugurated as Vice President.

Reagan took the oath of office at the inauguration ceremony. Chief Justice Warren E. Burger gave the oath.

On the same day, hostages from the Iran hostage crisis are released as Reagan is sworn in as President.



Second inauguration of Ronald Reagan

Ronald Reagan was inaugurated as the 40th president of the United States in January 1985. This was the beginning of Reagan's second term as President. George H. W. Bush was also inaugurated as Vice President for the second time.

There were two separate ceremonies. A private ceremony was held on January 20, and another was held publicly on January 21. This was done because the normal day for a Presidential inauguration, January 20, was a Sunday. 

Reagan was sworn in as President during the private ceremony. It was held in the Grand Foyer of the White House. It was broadcast on television. The next day, Reagan took the oath in public under Chief Justice Warren E. Burger.


First inauguration of Barack Obama

Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th president of the United States on Tuesday, January 20, 2009. This inauguration was the beginning of the first term of Obama as President and of Joe Biden as Vice President. The oath of office was given by Chief Justice John G. Roberts on the Lincoln Bible.

The ceremony was attended by more people than any event held in Washington, D.C. Based on the combined numbers of people there, people watching it on television and the Internet, it was one of the most-watched events ever by the global audience.

First inauguration of Bill Clinton

The first inauguration of Bill Clinton as the 42nd president of the United States was held on January 20, 1993. This was the beginning of the first term of Bill Clinton as President and Al Gore as Vice President.

The ceremony took place at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. Clinton was the first president elected after the Cold War period. He was the first Democrat elected in 16 years.

Clinton and Gore took over from outgoing President George H. W. Bush and outgoing Vice President Dan Quayle.

Anika Noni Rose

Anika Noni Rose (born September 6, 1972) is an American singer and actress. She is best known for her Tony Award-winning role in the Broadway production of "Caroline, or Change". She is also known for her starring roles in movies such as "Dreamgirls" (2006), "The Princess and the Frog" (2009) and "For Colored Girls" (2010).

Rose was born in Bloomfield, Connecticut.


First inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

Franklin D. Roosevelt was inaugurated as the 32nd president of the United States on Saturday, March 4, 1933.

This inauguration was the beginning of the first term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as President and John Nance Garner as Vice President.

It was the last inauguration to be held on March 4. All since then have been held on January 20.

First inauguration of George W. Bush

The first inauguration of George W. Bush as the 43rd president of the United States happened on January 20, 2001. This was the beginning of the first term of George W. Bush as president and Dick Cheney as vice president.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist administered the oath of office at 12:01 p.m. An estimated 300,000 people attended the swearing-in ceremony.

Inauguration of John F. Kennedy

The inauguration of John F. Kennedy as the 35th president of the United States was held on Friday, January 20, 1961. It was held in the eastern section of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C.. 

This 44th inauguration was the beginning of the term of John F. Kennedy as President and Lyndon B. Johnson as Vice President.

Kennedy's address at the inauguration talked about the major themes of his campaign. It defined his presidency during a time of economic prosperity, emerging social changes, and diplomatic challenges.

Fidel V. Ramos

Fidel "Eddie" Valdez Ramos (March 18, 1928 – July 31, 2022), popularly known as FVR, was a Filipino politician. He was the twelfth President of the Philippines from 1992 to 1998. He played an important role in removing Ferdinand Marcos from power. Ramos was also a general. During his time as president, he helped make the economy strong.

Before becoming president, he was in the cabinet of President Corazon Aquino. He was the chief-of-staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP), and later as Secretary of National Defense from 1986 to 1991. 

He helped create the Philippine Army's Special Forces and the Philippine National Police Special Action Force.

Ramos died on July 31, 2022 at a hospital in Makati, Philippines from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 94.

Joseph Estrada

Joseph "Erap" Ejército Estrada (born José Marcelo Ejército; April 19, 1937) is a Filipino politician. He served as the thirteenth President of the Philippines from 1998 until 2001.

Estrada was the first person in the present Fifth Republican period to be elected both President and Vice-President. He is currently the Mayor of Manila, the country's capital. He was elected as mayor in the mid-term elections in 2013.

Inauguration of Jimmy Carter

The inauguration of Jimmy Carter as the 39th president of the United States was held on January 20, 1977. The inauguration was the beginning of the four-year term of Jimmy Carter as President and Walter Mondale as Vice President. It was also the end of Gerald Ford's presidency. 

Chief Justice Warren E. Burger administered the oath of office to Jimmy Carter, and House Speaker Tip O'Neill administered the Oath of office to Walter Mondale. This was the last inauguration that was set up on the East section of the U. S. Capitol.

Inauguration of George H. W. Bush

The inauguration of George H. W. Bush as the 41st president of the United States was held on January 20, 1989. The inauguration was the beginning of the four-year term of George H. W. Bush as President and Dan Quayle as Vice President. 

Chief Justice William Rehnquist administered the Oath of office.

First inauguration of George Washington

The first inauguration of George Washington as the president of the United States took place on April 30, 1789. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the first term of George Washington as president. John Adams had already taken office as vice president on April 21. Washington was sworn in by Chancellor of New York Robert Livingston. 

Washington became the first president of the United States following the ratification of the Constitution.

First inauguration of Abraham Lincoln

The first inauguration of Abraham Lincoln as the 16th president of the United States took place on March 4, 1861. The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of Abraham Lincoln as President and Hannibal Hamlin as Vice President. Lincoln used his bible.

First inauguration of Thomas Jefferson

The first inauguration of Thomas Jefferson took place on March 4, 1801. Jefferson was sworn-in by Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall. Jefferson became the third president of the United States. 

It was the first presidential inauguration held in the United States's capitol, Washington, D.C. It was the beginning of Jefferson's first term as president and Aaron Burr as Vice President.

First inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower

The first inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower as the 34th president of the United States was held on January 20, 1953. The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of Dwight D. Eisenhower as President and Richard Nixon as Vice President.

Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson administered the Oath of office to Eisenhower. Nixon was sworn in as Vice President by Senator William Knowland of California earlier.

First inauguration of Ulysses S. Grant

The first inauguration of Ulysses S. Grant as the 18th president of the United States took place on March 4, 1869. The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of Ulysses S. Grant as President and the only term of Schuyler Colfax as Vice President. 

This inauguration was the first that both living parents of the president attended.

Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase administered the oath of office. Andrew Johnson did not attend the inaugural ceremonies, as President-elect Grant refused to sit with him in the carriage going to it. Instead, he was in the White House signing last-minute legislation.

First inauguration of Andrew Jackson

The first inauguration of Andrew Jackson as the seventh president of the United States took place on March 4, 1829. The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of Andrew Jackson as President. He is part of the modern Democratic Party.

It as also the second term that John C. Calhoun was Vice President. Calhoun resigned during his second term. Jackson was sworn in by Chief Justice John Marshall.

First inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt

The first inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt as the 26th president of the United States, took place on September 14, 1901 in Buffalo, New York. It took place after the assassination of President William McKinley.

John R. Hazel, U.S. District Judge for the Western District of New York, administered the oath of office. While some people called it an inauguration, others called it a swearing-in ceremony.

First inauguration of Harry S. Truman

The first inauguration of Harry S. Truman as the 33rd president of the United States happened on April 12, 1945. This was the beginning of Harry S. Truman's first term as president.

This inauguration happened after the sudden death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. 

First inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson

The first inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson as the 36th president of the United States occurred on November 22, 1963. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the first term of Lyndon B. Johnson. That term lasted a year and two months instead of the usual four years. That was because Johnson was finishing the term of John F. Kennedy, who had been assassinated. This was the only presidential inauguration to be held on Air Force One.

Bob Weir

Robert Hall "Bob" Weir (born October 16, 1947) is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is known for creating the band "Grateful Dead".

Weir was born in San Francisco, California. He studied at Menlo Atherton High School.

First inauguration of Richard Nixon

The first inauguration of Richard Nixon as the 37th president of the United States was held on January 20, 1969. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the term of Richard Nixon as President and Spiro Agnew as Vice President. 

Chief Justice Earl Warren gave the oath of office to Nixon. Senate Minority Leader Everett Dirksen gave the oath to Spiro Agnew as Vice President.

First inauguration of Woodrow Wilson

The first inauguration of Woodrow Wilson took place on March 4, 1913. It was the beginning of his position as the 28th president of the United States and Thomas R. Marshall's tenure as Vice President. 

Chief Justice Edward D. White administered the oath of office. Wilson wanted and asked that the inaugural ball to be canceled. He found it inappropriate for the occasion because of women's suffrage and women's rights protesting.

Philip Levine (poet)

Philip Levine (January 10, 1928 – February 14, 2015) was an American poet and teacher. He was best known for his poems about working-class Detroit. 

He taught for more than thirty years at California State University, Fresno. He also taught at other different schools. He was appointed Poet Laureate of the United States for 2011–2012. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 1995.

Levine died of pancreatic cancer on February 14, 2015 in Fresno, California, aged 87.


Munich massacre

The Munich massacre was an attack that happened on 5-6 September during the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Bavaria, Germany. 11 members of the Israel Olympic team were murdered after being taken hostage. A German police officer was also killed.

The militants demanded the Israeli government to release 234 prisoners held in Israeli jails. Of the eight attackers, five were killed by the police and three were arrested. The three were released from jail.






Juan Antonio Samaranch

Don Juan Antonio Samaranch y Torelló, 1st Marquis of Samaranch (17 July 1920 – 21 April 2010) was a Spanish sports administrator. He served as the seventh President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) from 1980 to 2001.

Samaranch died of cardio-respiratory failure on 21 April 2010, aged 89.

Petäjävesi

Petäjävesi is a municipality in Central Finland. About 4,100 people lived there in January 2014. Petäjävesi is next to the municipalities of Jyväskylä, Jämsä, Keuruu, Multia and Uurainen. 


Long-term memory

Long-term memory (LTM) is our memory of past events. It follows from short-term memory, and involves the growth of nerve synapses which are very long-lasting.

The brain does not store memories in one unified structure, as might be seen in a computer's hard disk drive. Instead, different types of memory are stored in different regions of the brain. Long term memory is typically divided up into two major headings: explicit memory and implicit memory.

Explicit or 'declarative' memory refers to memories which can be consciously recalled such as facts and knowledge. These are partly encoded by the hippocampus, stored elsewhere. Exactly where is unknown, but the temporal cortex has been proposed as a likely candidate. Research shows that amnesiac patients with damage to the medial temporal lobe performed more poorly on explicit learning tests than did healthy controls. However, the same patients performed at the same rate as healthy controls on "implicit" learning tests. This implies that the medial temporal lobe is heavily involved in explicit learning, but not in implicit learning.

Implicit or procedural memory refers to the use of objects or movements of the body, such as how exactly to use a pencil, drive a car, or ride a bicycle. This type of memory is encoded and it is presumed stored by the striatum and other parts of the basal ganglia. The basal ganglia is believed to mediate procedural memory and other brain structures and is largely independent of the hippocampus. The parietal and occipital regions are associated with implicit memory.

The memory for events that evoke a particularly strong emotion may involve both declarative and procedural memory processes. Emotional memories are consciously available, but elicit a powerful, unconscious physiological reaction. Research indicates that the amygdala is extremely active during emotional situations, and acts with the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex in the encoding and consolidation of emotional events.

Working memory (STM) is not part of long term memory, but is important for long term memory to work. Working memory holds and works on information for a short period before it is either forgotten or put into long term memory. Then, to remember something from long term memory, it must come back into working memory. If working memory is overloaded it can affect the encoding of long term memory. 

Natalie Appleton

Natalie Jane Appleton Howlett (born 14 May, 1973) is a Canadian pop singer and actress. She became famous as a member of the band All Saints. During part of All Saints' five years of inactivity, she was a member of Appleton with her younger sister Nicole Appleton. The sisters starred in the movie "Honest" in 2000.

Appleton was born in Mississauga, Ontario. Her daughter was born in 1992. She married her daughter's father, Carl Robinson, in New York in 1993. The couple divorced in 1995. She married Liam Howlett of The Prodigy in 2002. The couple's son was born in 2004.

Sensory memory

Sensory memory (SM) is an automatic response, not under conscious control. It deals with the input from the senses. The information people received which is stored in sensory memory is just long enough to be transferred to short-term memory.

The information in SM is the "raw data" of a person's overall sensory experience. There are four common features to all forms of SM: 

The SM is made up of stores of different kinds of information. Each has different rates of information processing and decay. Genetics also plays a role in SM capacity.

Kristof Goddaert

Kristof Goddaert (21 November 1986 – 18 February 2014) was a Belgian road racing cyclist. He competed as a professional between 2008 and 2014 for the Topsport Vlaanderen-Mercator, Ag2r-La Mondiale and IAM Cycling squads. He was born in Sint-Niklaas, Belgium.

Goddaert died was killed on 18 February 2014 during a training ride in Antwerp. He fell from his bike and was struck by a De Lijn bus. He was 27 years old. 

Ferry Hoogendijk

Ferdinand Alexander "Ferry" Hoogendijk (23 November 1933 – 14 February 2014) was a Dutch political scientist, journalist and politician. He was the editor of "Elsevier" and a member of the parliamentary group of the Pim Fortuyn List (, LPF). He was born in Gouda, South Holland.

Hoogendijk died on 14 February 2014 in Naarden, North Holland. He was 80 years old.

Ernst Bakker

Ernst Carel Bakker (16 April 1946 in Hellendoorn – 8 February 2014 in Hilversum) was a Dutch politician of Democrats 66 (D66).

Bakker was merely active in local politics. He served as a councillor of Amsterdam for several years, and was also an alderman from 1992 to 1998. Afterwards he was mayor of Hilversum from 1998 to 2011. In between he was for a brief period a member of the House of Representatives, from 1981 to 1982.

Bakker died at the age of 67 in 2014.


Magnus

Magnus [ mahg-n"oo"s ahn-n"oo"s ] is a name that means "great" in Latin. It was sometimes used as a given name by the Romans. Magnus is a timeless name that remains in vogue even today. Its robust and potent connotation makes it an excellent pick for parents who desire to bestow upon their offspring a name that exudes power and assurance. Of Latin derivation, the name Magnus translates to "great" or "mighty." It was a common appellation among Roman rulers and was also adopted by ancient Christian saints. Throughout the ages, the name has been favored by monarchs, fighters, and other formidable personalities, which has contributed to its commanding and influential aura. The name spread with the Catholic Church, which spoke Latin. It became very common among the nobility in Scandinavia. This name was ranked #728 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

People with this name include:




Richard Hayman

Richard Hayman (27 March 1920 – 5 February 2014) was an American arranger, harmonica player and conductor. He served as an for the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) movies "Girl Crazy" (1930), "Thousands Cheer" (1943), and "Meet Me in St. Louis" (1944). He was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Hayman died at a hospice in New York. He was 93 years old.


Dick Hyman

Richard "Dick" Hyman (born March 8, 1927) is an American jazz pianist, keyboardist and composer. He is best known for his skill with jazz piano styles.

Hyman was born in New York City, New York.

Hyman cites composers like Elmer Bernstein, Jelly Roll Morton, Alfred Newman, James P. Johnson and Dimitri Tiomkin as influences.

Palmyra

Palmyra was an ancient Arabian city in central Syria. It is in an oasis northeast of Damascus, and southwest of the Euphrates.

It was an important city in ancient times. It had long been a place for travellers to stop when crossing the Syrian Desert. The city was founded some time during the 2nd millennium BC. It became abandoned around 1929. The site was made a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1980.

The Semitic name of the city is (). In Aramaic, it means "a city that cannot be defeated". The earliest written reference to the city by this name is on Babylonian tablets found in Mari. It is still known as Tadmur in Arabic.

The people of Palmyra worshipped many gods and goddesses from Mesopotamia, Syria, Arabia and Greece. They built a series of temples and large monuments containing funerary art, or art representing the dead. Palmyrans originally spoke Aramaic, but later began speaking Greek. 

The area was later made a part of the Roman Empire. The city was important because of the "silk commerce" from Rome toward the China region in eastern Asia. Between the years 260 and 273, Odaenathus and his wife Zenobia used Palmyra as the capital of the Palmyrene Empire. This period of Roman history is called the Crisis of the Third Century.

By the time of the Muslim conquests, a few Arab tribes were living in Palmyra.

The city lost its importance after the 16th century. It was fully abandoned by 1929, during the Ottoman Empire. There is a new town of the same name nearby to the south of the ruins.

During the Syrian Civil War in 2015, the Islamic State (ISIS) destroyed large parts of the ancient city. It was recaptured by the Syrian Army in 2017.



Alfonso Cuarón

Alfonso Cuarón Orozco (; born 28 November 1961) is a Mexican movie director, screenwriter, producer and editor. He is best known for his movies "A Little Princess" (1995), "Y tu mamá también" (2001), "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (2004), "Children of Men" (2006), "Gravity" (2013), which earned him an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award and "Roma".

Cuarón is also close friends with fellow Mexican filmmakers Guillermo del Toro and Alejandro G. Iñárritu. The group is sometimes known as "The Three Amigos of Cinema".

Cuarón was born in Mexico City. He has been married twice. He has three children.

Alexander Payne

Constantine Alexander Payne (born February 10, 1961) is an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He is best known for his movies "Election" (1999), "About Schmidt" (2002), "Sideways" (2004), "The Descendants" (2011), "Nebraska" (2013) and "Downsizing" (2017).

Payne was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He married Canadian actress Sandra Oh in 2003. The couple divorced in 2006.

David O. Russell

David Owen Russell (born August 20, 1958) is an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He is best known for his movies "Spanking the Monkey" (1994), "Flirting with Disaster" (1996), "Three Kings" (1999), "I Heart Huckabees" (2004), "The Fighter" (2010), "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012), and "American Hustle" (2013). He also directed 2015's Accidental Love under the pseudonym "Stephen Greene" after Kristin Gore, daughter of Al Gore and Russell disowned the film. He also made Joy also in 2015. In 2020 he is working on a new film.

David O. Russell was born in New York City, New York. 

He has a child with Janet Grillo whom he was married to from 1992 until 2007. He has since adopted a son with his partner, Holly Davis.

31 BC

Year 31 BC was either a common year starting on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday or a leap year starting on Tuesday or Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Antonius and Octavianus.


32 BC

Year 32 BC was either a common year starting on Monday or Tuesday or a leap year starting on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Ahenobarbus and Sosius.



Multia

Multia is a municipality in Central Finland. About 1,800 people lived there in January 2014. Petäjävesi is next to the municipalities of Keuruu, Petäjävesi, Saarijärvi, Uurainen and Ähtäri. Multia is established 1868. Multia is famous for it's Ice Kicksled World Championship held every winter.


Soini

Soini is a municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had about 2,300 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Karstula, Kyyjärvi, Saarijärvi and Ähtäri. The municipality was established in 1868.


Siligo

Siligo is a city in the region of Logudoro in northern Sardinia, Italy.
Siligo is next to the following municipalities: Ardara, Banari, Bessude, Bonnanaro, Codrongianos, Florinas, Mores, Ploaghe.



Maria Carta

Maria Carta (24 June 1934 – 22 September 1994) was a Sardinian folk music singer-songwriter. She also performed in film and theater. In 1975, she wrote a book of poetry, "Ritual Song".

She was born in Siligo, Sassari, Sardinia. She died of cancer in Rome.



Michio Mado

Mado was born as Michio Ishida in Tokuyama, Yamaguchi prefecture. He died on February 28, 2014, aged 104.


C. R. Simha

Channapatna Ramaswami Simha () better known as C. R. Simha () (June 16, 1942 – February 28, 2014) was an Indian actor, director, dramatist and a playwright. 

He was best known for his work on Kannada movies and for his work in stage shows. He directed many successful stage shows such as "Kakanakote", "Thughlaq" and "Sankranthi".
Simha died at a hospital in Bangalore from prostate cancer, aged 71.

Second inauguration of Thomas Jefferson

The second inauguration of Thomas Jefferson as the third president of the United States took place on Monday, March 4, 1805 in the Senate Chamber of the United States Capitol. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the second term of Thomas Jefferson as President and the first term of George Clinton as Vice President. 

Chief Justice John Marshall gave the oath of office. Jefferson wore a black suit and silk stockings for the inauguration.

Second inauguration of George Washington

The second inauguration of George Washington as President of the United States took place in the Senate Chamber of Congress Hall in Philadelphia on March 4, 1793. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the second term of George Washington as President and John Adams as Vice President. It was the first presidential inauguration to be held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Inauguration of John Adams

The inauguration of John Adams as the second president of the United States took place on Saturday, March 4, 1797. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the four-year term of John Adams as President and Thomas Jefferson as Vice President. 

Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Oliver Ellsworth, swore him in.
The oath of office was given at the House of Representatives Chamber of Congress Hall in Philadelphia. This was the first inaugural oath given by a Chief Justice of the United States.

First inauguration of James Madison

The first inauguration of James Madison as the fourth president of the United States was held on Saturday, March 4, 1809. It was held in the House chamber in the U.S. Capitol. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of James Madison as President and the second term of George Clinton as Vice President. 

The oath was given by Chief Justice John Marshall. It was the first presidential inauguration to have an inaugural ball after the ceremony.

Second inauguration of James Madison

The second inauguration of James Madison as the fourth president of the United States was held on Thursday, March 4, 1813. It was held in the House chamber of the U.S. Capitol. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the second four-year term of James Madison as President and the only term of Elbridge Gerry as Vice President. 

John Marshall, Chief Justice, administered the oath of office to Madison.

Ezra Koenig

Ezra Michael Koenig (born April 8, 1984) is an American singer and songwriter. He is the lead singer and guitarist of the indie rock band Vampire Weekend. 

Koenig was born in New York City. Koenig started writing songs when he was around ten or eleven.

In 2006 he started Vampire Weekend with Chris Tomson. The band released their first album, "Vampire Weekend", in 2008.

Inauguration of John Tyler

The inauguration of John Tyler as the tenth president of the United States took place in Tyler's bedroom on Thursday, April 6, 1841. 

It happened two days after the death of President William Henry Harrison. The inauguration was the beginning of Tyler's only term as President. It was the first time that an inauguration was held because of a president's death. 

The swearing-in was done by Chief Judge of the local U.S. Circuit Court, William Cranch, at Brown's Hotel in Washington, D.C.

First inauguration of James Monroe

The first inauguration of James Monroe as the fifth president of the United States was held on Tuesday, March 4, 1817. It took place in front of the Old Brick Capitol. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of James Monroe as President and Daniel D. Tompkins as Vice President. 

The Chief Justice, John Marshall gave the oath of office.

Daisy Chainsaw

Daisy Chainsaw was an English punk rock band. The band was started in 1989. 

Daisy Chainsaw started in 1989 after KatieJane Garside answered an advertisement that Crispin Gray put in a music magazine. In 1991 the band released "Love Sick Pleasure".

They released their first album "Eleventeen" on October 6, 1992. In 1993 Garside left the band. In 1994 Daisy Chainsaw released their last album "For They Know Not What They Do". Belinda Leith took Garside's place as singer for the album. In 1995 they released their last EP "You're Gruesome". Crispin Gray took Leith's place.

In 1995 Daisy Chainsaw broke up. After that Gray, Adams and Johnson made a band called Dizzy Q Viper.

Second inauguration of James Monroe

The second inauguration of James Monroe as the fifth president of the United States was held on Monday, March 5, 1821. It took place in the House chamber of the U.S. Capitol. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the second four-year term of James Monroe as President and Daniel D. Tompkins as Vice President. 

Monroe was sworn in by John Marshall, the Chief Justice of the United States. The inauguration was held on March 5 instead of March 4 because of a snowstorm.

Inauguration of John Quincy Adams

The inauguration of John Quincy Adams as the sixth president of the United States took place on Friday, March 4, 1825, in the House Chamber of the U.S. Capitol.

The inauguration was the beginning of the four-year term of John Quincy Adams as President and the first term of John C. Calhoun as Vice President. Adams was sworn in by John Marshall, Chief Justice of the United States.

Second inauguration of Andrew Jackson

The second inauguration of Andrew Jackson as the seventh president of the United States took place in the House chamber of the U.S. Capitol on Monday, March 4, 1833. 

The inauguration was the beginning of the second term of Andrew Jackson as President and the only term of Martin Van Buren as Vice President. 

Jackson was sworn in by Chief Justice John Marshall. This was the first inauguration for which two inaugural balls were held.

Stuart Blumberg

Stuart Ethan Blumberg (born July 19, 1969) is an American screenwriter, actor, producer and director. He was nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay in 2010 for co-writing "The Kids Are All Right". He made his directorial debut with the Hollywood movie "Thanks for Sharing" starring Mark Ruffalo, Tim Robbins, Gwyneth Paltrow, Josh Gad, Joely Richardson, and Alecia Moore. He is going to direct the John Grisham's adaption of "The Testament". 

Doris Duke

Doris Duke (November 22, 1912 — October 28, 1993) was an American heiress, philanthropist and billionaire. She was the daughter of a rich tobacco tycoon.

Duke created many elaborately-themed gardens. Much of her work was centered in New Jersey.

Duke was born in New York City. She lived in many other places, including Rhode Island. She died at 80 of pulmonary edema in Beverly Hills, California. Duke was then cremated.

Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center

The Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center (also commonly referred to as "UCLA Medical Center") is a hospital located on the campus of the University of California, Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, United States. This hospital is thought to be one of the best in the United States. 

Many famous people died there, such as Marlon Brando, Michael Jackson, Richard Dawson, John Wooden, Ed McMahon, John Wayne, Zsa Zsa Gábor, Carrie Fisher and Martin Landau. 

The hospital was founded in 1955. It was reopened in June 2008 and named after President of the United States Ronald Reagan.

Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center

The Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, is a large federal building and foreign trade organization center located in Washington, D.C.. It was opened on May 8, 1998.

It is named after former United States President Ronald Reagan. It is the first federal building in Washington, D.C. designed for both governmental and private society reasons. It is the second largest government building in the Washington Metropolitan Area.

A piece of the Berlin Wall is in the building.

The Reagan Diaries

The Reagan Diaries is an edited version of diaries written by Ronald Reagan while he was President of the United States. 

The book is edited by Douglas Brinkley. The unedited version of Reagan's diaries were published in 2009. Ronald Reagan was president for eight years. During his terms in office, Reagan wrote in his diary about conflicts with the Soviet Union, the Iran–Contra affair, the fall of the Berlin Wall, and his Alzheimer's diagnoses. The edited diaries reached #1 on the New York Times Bestseller List.

Reagan's original diary is on display at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library.

List of Florida state parks

There are 161 state parks and 10 state trails in the U.S. state of Florida. All the parks together are more than . People from anywhere can visit them. Between 2012 and 2013, more than 27,000 volunteers (people who are not paid money) worked to make the parks for better for the 25.2 million people who visit every year. There is a small fee to enter most of Florida's state parks. It costs more to use , marinas, or campsites if the park has them. Florida's state parks together have 3,454 family campsites, 235 cabins, thousands of picnic tables, of beaches, and over 1,625 miles (2,616 km) of trails.

The Florida Park Service is the part of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection. They operate the Florida State Parks. The National Recreation and Park Association gave them the Gold Medal honoring the best state park system in the country in 1999 and 2005. The parks are open all year. Some have many things to do other than fishing, hiking and camping. Many parks have facilities for bird watching or horseback riding; there are several battle reenactments; and freshwater (not salty) springs and beaches are some of Florida's very beautiful places.
Several state parks used to be private tourist attractions bought by the state of Florida to preserve (keep from changing) their natural environment. These parks include the Silver River State Park, Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park, Rainbow Springs State Park and Weeki Wachee Springs.

There are state parks in 58 of Florida's 67 counties. Nine of the 161 parks do not have "State Park" in their name. Four are "conservation areas" (reserve, preserve, or wildlife refuge); three are "Historical/Archaeological sites"; one is a fishing pier and one is a recreation area. Seven parks are mostly undeveloped (nothing built there) with few or no facilities (such as water or toilets); 10 parks are accessible only by private boat or ferry; and 13 parks contain National Natural Landmarks. There are also eleven national parks in Florida. The National Park Service controls those.

Note: The table of contents only applies when the list is sorted by park name. 


Forgotten Coast

Florida's Forgotten Coast is a registered trademark. The Apalachicola Bay Chamber of Commerce registered it in the early 1990s. The name refers to a mostly quiet, undeveloped (few buildings) part of coastline from Mexico Beach on the Gulf of Mexico to St. Marks on Apalachee Bay in the U.S. state of Florida. The nearest large city is Tallahassee. It is about 90 miles (145 km) northeast of Apalachicola. Panama City, home of Tyndall Air Force Base, is about 60 miles (95 km) to the northwest.

The Forgotten Coast includes these coastal communities (towns), listed west to east:

These are on the Forgotten Coast:

The area is famous for its oyster and shrimp production, marine wildlife, and fine white-sand beaches. Peninsulas and barrier islands along the coast include:

Protected natural areas include:



Johnny Vegas

Michael Joseph Pennington (born 5 September 1970), known as Johnny Vegas, is an English actor and comedian. He is known for his Lancashire accent, his angry rants, surreal humour, portly figure and high husky voice

He became famous for his role as Geoff Maltby aka "The Oracle" in the ITV sitcom "Benidorm" (2007–2009, 2015–2017). His style comedy include: and support of St Helens rugby league club.

Vegas was born in St Helens, Lancashire, England. He was married to Catherine "Kitty" Donnelly from 2002 until they divorced in 2008. He married Irish columnist Maia Dunphy in 2011 in Seville, Spain. 

He is a Christian, having returned to religion after having lapsed during adolescence. He continues to live in his home town of St Helens, and has been outspoken about the pride he takes in it; he is well known for being active in supporting the local community.

Holocene calendar

The Holocene calendar, or Human era (HE), is a year numbering system that adds 10,000 years to the present "Anno Domini" (AD) or Common Era (CE) system. It puts the first year near the beginning of the Holocene epoch and the Neolithic revolution. Those who favour the HE system say that it makes for easier geological, archeological, dendrochronological and historical dating. 

For example, the year 2022 can be made into a Holocene year by adding the number "1" before it, making it 12022 . The calendar was introduced by the scientist Cesare Emiliani in 1993 (11993 ).

Arguments supporting the Holocene calendar include:

The HE starts at 10001 . This is a rough approximation of the start of the current geologic epoch, the Holocene or Recent period. Human settlements, first cities and agriculture probably started in this period. All important dates in human history can then be listed using a simple increasing date scale with smaller dates always before larger dates.

Conversion to the Human Era from Julian or Gregorian AD years can be achieved by adding 10,000. BC years are converted by subtracting the BC year from 10,001.

A useful check is that the last single number of BC and HE equivalent pairs must add up to 1 or 11.



Michael Fassbender

Michael Fassbender (born 2 April 1977) is a German and Irish actor. He is best known for appearing in the movies "Inglourious Basterds" (2009), "" (2011), "Prometheus" (2012), "12 Years a Slave" (2013), and "" (2014).

Fassbender was born in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, West Germany (now Germany). His mother, Adele, is Irish and his father, Josef, is German. When he was two years old, his parents moved to Killarney, County Kerry, in the Republic of Ireland. He lives in London, England. He is fluent in both English and German.

Films

300 (2007)

Solid Of Gold (2007)

Legends of Destruction (2008)

God Of War Part I (2009)

Rise and Fall (2010)

Birds (2010)

God Of War Part II (2010)

Demolished (2010)

Godzilla (2011)

X-Men First Class (2011)

Legacy (2012)

God Of War II - Killer Of The Thieves (2012)

The Lion Battle (2013)

Deathshot (2014)

The Last Airbender II (2014)

God Of War III - God Of The Seas (2014)

Macbeth (2015)

Jan Brewer

Janice Kay Brewer (Jan in short; born September 26, 1944) is an American politician. She served as the 22nd Governor of Arizona from 2009 to 2015. She is the fourth woman in Arizona to hold the position of Governor. Brewer is a Republican.

Brewer was born Janice Drinkwine in Hollywood, California. She attended Glendale Community College.

Bangaru Laxman

Bangaru Laxman (17 March 1939 – 1 March 2014) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was President of the party from 2000 to 2001.

Laxman was also the minister of state for railways in Government of India from 1999 to 2000. He was sentenced to four years in jail for a defense deal corruption case. He was a member of the BJP and the RSS.

Laxman died in Hyderabad, India from cardiac arrest, aged 74.

Tony Benn

Anthony Neil Wedgwood ‘Tony’ Benn, (3 April 1925 – 14 March 2014), formerly 2nd Viscount Stansgate, was a British Labour Party politician.

Benn was born in Marylebone, London, England. He was married to Caroline DeCamp (1926–2000) from 1949 until her death. Their four children are: Stephen, Hilary, Melissa and Joshua. He had been a vegetarian since 1970. He was also an agnostic.

Benn inherited the title of Viscount Stansgate from his father, William Wedgwood Benn, in 1960. He became the first peer to renounce his title. This made him able to become a Member of Parliament (MP) in 1963. He was a Cabinet Minister under Harold Wilson and James Callaghan. From 2001 to his death, he was President of the Stop the War Coalition.

Benn died after an illness on 14 March 2014 in London. He was 88 years old. 


Divergent (movie)

Divergent is a 2014 American science-fiction action movie directed by Neil Burger. It stars Kate Winslet, Shailene Woodley, Theo James, and Ashley Judd. It is based on the book by Veronica Roth. The music was composed by Junkie XL and Hans Zimmer. It is set in the future in Chicago, Illinois. It was released on March 21, 2014.

The movie tells the story of a future in which only Chicago exists. The people are put into five groups: Abnegation are the people who help other people; Candor are the people who tell the truth; Erudite are the people with knowledge; Amity are the hard-working people, and Dauntless are the brave soldiers. When people are teenagers, they are tested and then they have to choose a group.

Beatrice Prior is a teen from an Abnegation family. During her test, she does not fit into any one group. This is called being Divergent. The society does not like people who are divergent, because they do not fit in. Beatrice chooses to join Dauntless and become a soldier. While she is being trained by the military instructor named Four, they learn about a plot by the Erudite group to kill all of the Abnegation people and take control of the city.

O Rei do Gado

O Rei do Gado (English: King of Cattle) is a Brazilian telenovela. It is produced by Rede Globo.


Kyyjärvi

Kyyjärvi is a municipality in Central Finland. About 1,430 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Karstula, Kivijärvi, Perho and Soini. There is also a lake called Kyyjärvi what is located in the Kyyjärvi municipality. The name "Kyyjärvi" means "adder lake" in Finnish.

Kyyjärvi was established in 1929.



Perho

Perho is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. About 2,930 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Halsua, Kinnula, Kivijärvi, Kyyjärvi, Lestijärvi, Veteli and Vimpeli.

Perho was established in 1868.


Kinnula

Kinnula is a municipality in Central Finland. Almost 1,780 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kivijärvi, Lestijärvi, Perho, Pihtipudas, Reisjärvi and Viitasaari.

Piero Tosi

Piero Tosi (10 April 1927 – 10 August 2019) was an Italian costume designer. He designed costumes for "Senso", "Bellissima", "The Leopard", "Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow", "Death in Venice", "The Night Porter", and "La Traviata". 

He won the David di Donatello for Best Costumes twice. He also won the BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design twice, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Costume Design five times.

Tosi died in Rome on 10 August 2019, at the age of 92.

Hildegard Hamm-Brücher

Hildegard Hamm-Brücher (May 11, 1921 – December 7, 2016) was a German liberal politician. She was the federal state secretar from 1969 to 1972 and from 1977 to 1982. In 1993 she became the Free Democratic Party's candidate for the federal presidency elections to be held the following year.

Hamm-Brücher was born in Essen, Germany. She died in Berlin, Germany on December 7, 2016 from congestive heart failure, aged 95.

Jürgen Möllemann

Jürgen Wilhelm Möllemann (15 July 1945 – 5 June 2003) was a German politician of the Free Democratic Party. 

He served as Minister of State at the Foreign Office (1982–1987), as Federal Minister of Education and Research (1987–1991), as Federal Minister of Economics (1991–1993). 

He served as Vice Chancellor of Germany (1992–1993) in the government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl.

Möllemann was born in Augsburg, Germany. 

He was accused of illegal arms deals and tax evasion. After his parliamentary immunity had been lifted, he (probably) committed suicide by not opening his reserve parachute after jumping off an airplane. He was aged 57.

Klaus Kinkel

Klaus Kinkel (17 December 1936 – 4 March 2019) was a German civil servant, lawyer, and politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP). 

He served as Federal Minister of Justice (1991–1992), Foreign Minister (1992–1998) and Vice Chancellor of Germany (1993–1998) in the government of Helmut Kohl.

He was also chairman of the liberal Free Democratic Party from 1993 to 1995. He was President of the Federal Intelligence Service (1979–1982).

Kinkel was born in Metzingen, Baden-Württemberg. He died on 4 March 2019 in Sankt Augustin, North Rhine-Westphalia, aged 82.

Arduíno Colasanti

Arduíno Colasanti (15 February 1936 – 22 February 2014) was an Italian-Brazilian actor from Livorno, Tuscany. He appeared in over thirty movies between 1967 and 2010.

Colasanti died from respiratory failure on 22 February 2014 in Niterói, Brazil. He was 78 years old.

My Ruin

My Ruin is a metal band from Los Angeles. The members are Tairrie B and her husband Mick Murphy.

My Ruin was started by Tairrie B in February 1999. "Speak And Destroy" was released on 23rd August 1999. Kerrang! gave the album a good review. In 2000 the band's second album "A Prayer Under Pressure of Violent Anguish" was released. The band's third album was released on 23 October 2003.

Alain Resnais

Alain Resnais (; 3 June 1922 – 1 March 2014) was a French movie director, actor, editor and screenwriter. His career has lasted over more than six decades. He was born in Vannes, Morbihan. He was first married to Florence Malraux (daughter of the French statesman and writer André Malraux).

At first, Resnais wanted to become a comedian actor, but he ended up making short films. Most of these films were produced in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Many are documentaries. The best known are probably Van Gogh (1949), Guernica (1950) and Night and Fog (1955). His longer films include "Hiroshima mon amour" (1959), "Last Year at Marienbad" (1961), and "Muriel" (1963). All of the films are important for the history of cinema.

Resnais was awarded multiple prizes for his work, including several César Awards.

Resnais died on 1 March 2014 in Paris. He was 91 years old. He was outlived by his second wife, actress Sabine Azéma.

Konnevesi

Konnevesi is a municipality in Central Finland. About 2,850 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Hankasalmi, Laukaa, Rautalampi, Vesanto and Äänekoski.

Konnevesi was established in 1922. The name comes from a lake called Lake Konnevesi.

Anne Cox Chambers

Anne Cox Chambers (December 1, 1919 – January 31, 2020) was an American media owner. She held the largest share of Cox Enterprises. The company is a mass media group that includes newspaper, television, radio and cable television. It is the third largest cable company in the United States.

In 1973 Chambers became the first woman bank director in Atlanta. From 1977 to 1981 she was the United States Ambassador to Belgium under President Jimmy Carter. From 1981 to 1991 Chambers was the director of The Coca-Cola Company.

She was the daughter of James M. Cox. He was a newspaper publisher and 1920 Democratic Presidential . Her overall was estimated by "Forbes" magazine at $12.4 million. This is based mostly on her equity in Cox Enterprises. Cox Chambers was born in Dayton, Ohio.

From 1977 through 1981, she was Ambassador to Belgium during the Jimmy Carter presidency.

Chambers died on January 31, 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 100.

Vesanto

Vesanto is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. About 2,300 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Keitele, Konnevesi, Rautalampi, Tervo, Viitasaari and Äänekoski. Vesanto was established in 1871.

The economy in Vesanto involves a lot of agriculture.

Harinkaa, Horonkylä, Järvenpää, Niinivesi, Sonkari and Tiitilänkylä.

Keitele

Keitele is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. In January 2014, 2,430 people lived there. The municipalities next to it are Pielavesi, Pihtipudas, Tervo, Vesanto and Viitasaari.

The municipality was established in 1879, but camp sites been found from the 1300s.

Hamula, Koutajärvi, Kukertaja, Leppäselkä, Pahkamäki, Petäjäkylä, Sulkavanjärvi, Tossavanlahti, Viinikkala, Vuonamo, Äyräpää and Hemminki.

Car-free movement

The car-free movement is an informal network of individuals and organizations who would like to see cars used less in modern cities. It includes social activists, urban planners and others who would like to see alternative ways of moving people for environment or quality of life. They encourage walking, cycling or use of public transportation.

Kicksled

Kicksled is a vehicle that is used in winter time. The kicksled was invented in 1800s in Sweden.


Larry Sellers

Larry Sellers (October 2, 1949 – December 9, 2021) was an American actor. His best known role was "Cloud Dancing" in the television series "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman". 


Kinematics

Kinematics is the branch of classical mechanics which describes the motion of points, bodies (objects) and systems of bodies (groups of objects) without looking at the cause of this motion. The term was translated from French; A.M. Ampère used the term "cinématique". He constructed the term form the Greek , kinema (movement, motion), derived from , kinein (to move). The study of "kinematics" is often referred to as the "geometry of motion."

To describe motion, kinematics studies the paths of points, lines and other geometric objects in space, and some of their properties such as velocity and acceleration. Astrophysics uses kinematics to describe the motion of celestial bodies and systems. Mechanical engineering, robotics and biomechanics use it to describe the motion of systems composed of joined parts such as an engine, a robotic arm or the skeleton of the human body.

The study of kinematics can be abstracted into purely mathematical functions. It is possible to represent rotation with elements of the unit circle in the complex plane. Other planar algebras are used to represent the shear mapping of classical motion in absolute time and space and to represent the Lorentz transformations of relativistic space and time. Mathematicians have developed a science of kinematic geometry, which uses time as a parameter.

Certain geometric transformations which are called rigid transformations have been developed to describe the movement of components of a mechanical system. These transformations simplify the derivation of its equations of motion, and is central to dynamic analysis.

Kinematic analysis is the process of measuring the kinematic quantities used to describe motion. In engineering, kinematic analysis may be used to find the range of movement for a given mechanism, and, working in reverse, kinematic synthesis designs a mechanism for a desired range of motion. In addition, "kinematics" applies algebraic geometry to the study of the mechanical advantage of a mechanical system, or mechanism.

System of measurement

A system of measurement is a set of related measures that are used to give a numeric value to something. A "system of measurement" is also known as a "metric". There are many systems of measurement. Some systems of measurement describe physical systems. Other systems of measurement describe economic systems.

The term "system of measurement" is often used in engineering application to describe a set of operational devices that take measurements. 

In metrology, the term "system of measurement" is often used as a synonym for system of units.
The international standard system is the International System of Units. Other systems in common use are the closely related United States customary units and British imperial units. 

A system of measurement that describes economic systems is called an econometric system. An econometric system uses quantities such as Gross domestic product and money supply to model an economic system.


Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman

Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman is an American television series, created between 1993 and 1998. There were 6 seasons of episodes made and 2 feature movies ("" in 1999 and "" in 2001).

The main character is a female doctor; Michaela Quinn from Boston. As a female she could not work there as a doctor and she decided to go to the Wild West town of Colorado Springs. At first people are suspicious there, too but she soon gains their trust.

She meets there Byron Sully with whom she befriends and falls in love eventually. She also adopts three young children whose mother dies unexpectedly.

The Quinns

The Town

The Indians

Viitasaari

Viitasaari is a small city in Central Finland. The municipalities next to it are Kannonkoski, Keitele, Kinnula, Kivijärvi, Pihtipudas, Vesanto and Äänekoski. Most people speak Finnish

Viitasaari is known about lakes and rapids.


Kit (association football)

In association football, kit means the standard equipment and attire worn by players. The terms "kit", "strip", and in North-American English "uniform" all mean the same thing. 

The Laws of the Game define the minimum kit a player must use. 


Ricin

Ricin is a poison. It is a highly toxic, naturally occurring protein. It is produced in the seeds of the castor oil plant "Ricinus communis". 

A dose the size of a few grains of table salt can kill an adult human. The median lethal dose (LD) of ricin is around 22 micrograms per kilogram (1.78 mg for an average adult, around of a standard aspirin tablet/0.4 g gross) in humans if injected or inhaled. Oral exposure to ricin is far less toxic and a lethal dose can be up to 30–40 milligrams per kilogram.

Ricin prevents cells from assembling various amino acids into proteins, and death occurs after a few hours up to a day. Ricin has been used as a terrorist weapon, including the assassination of Georgi Markov in 1978, supposedly by the KGB.

Battle of Perryville

The Battle of Perryville was a battle of the American Civil War. It was fought on October 8, 1862. Neither side won the battle.

James Longstreet

James Longstreet was a Confederate general during the American Civil War. He was born in 1821 in South Carolina. He grew up in Georgia. Longstreet graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1842 and was a slave owner. He fought in the Army of Northern Virginia. Longstreet died in 1904.

English country dance

The English country dance is a very social type of folk dance. It started during the English Renaissance from the 15th through 17th centuries. This dance was popular until the 19th century in Europe, the United States and American colonies.

This dance came back in the early 20th century. It is done mostly in North America and around Britain.

There are many versions: clockwise, counter-clockwise, cross-over, double and the figure of 8.

Siege of Vicksburg

The Siege of Vicksburg was a major battle of the American Civil War. It took place in Mississippi from May 18 to July 4, 1863. Union general Ulysses S. Grant surrounded the city of Vicksburg, Mississippi. The Confederate Army, commanded by John C. Pemberton, surrendered on July 4. Now the Union forces controlled the Mississippi River.

Crowsnest Pass

Crowsnest Pass is a mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies between Alberta and British Columbia. The Canadian Pacific Railway goes through the pass.

2014 Formula One World Championship

The 2014 Formula One season is the 65th season of the Formula One World Championship. The motor racing championship is the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars.

The 2014 season started with the Aussie Grand Prix on 16 March 2014. The last race of the season is the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on 23 November 2014. Eleven teams and twenty-two drivers are competing in nineteen Grands Prix.

Ryhor Baradulin

Ryhor Baradulin (; February 24, 1935 – March 2, 2014) was a Belarusian poet, essayist, editor, publisher and translator. Baradulin was the last Belarusian to be honored as a People's Poet (1992). His career began in 1953. He was nominated for a Nobel Prize in Literature in 2006.

Baradulin was born in Verasowka, Belarus. He studied at the Belarusian State University in Minsk. Baradulin died on March 2, 2014 from heart failure. He was aged 79. He is survived by his wife Valentina Baradulin.

Xosé María Díaz Castro

Xosé María Díaz Castro (19 February 1914, Guitiriz – 2 October 1990, Lugo) was a Galician poet and translator.

Galician Literature Day is dedicated to him in 2014.


To Spanish: Verner von Heidenstam, Henrik Pontoppidan, Johannes Vilhelm Jensen, Rainer Maria Rilke, William Butler Yeats, T. S. Eliot, Walt Whitman, G. K. Chesterton, Frederick Forsyth, Friedrich Schiller, Arthur Rimbaud, Paul Valéry, Alphonse de Lamartine and Paul Claudel.

To English: Federico García Lorca and Rafael Alberti.



Molly Bobak

Molly Bobak (born Molly Lamb; February 25, 1919 – March 2, 2014) was a Canadian teacher, writer, printmaker and painter. During World War II, she was the first Canadian woman artist into be sent to a battlefield to see Canada's war effort.

Bobak was born Molly Lamb in Vancouver, British Columbia. She studied at Vancouver School of Art. Bobak died in Fredericton, New Brunswick from natural causes, aged 95. 

Arrondissement of Auxerre

The arrondissement of Auxerre is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Yonne "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Auxerre.

When the Yonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Auxerre was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Auxerre is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Sens, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Avallon, to the south by the Nièvre (Burgundy) department and to the west by the Loiret (Centre-Val de Loire) department.

It has an area of , the largest in area of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has 179,922 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Auxerre, there are six cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Auxerre has 171 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Igor Shafarevich

Igor Rostislavovich Shafarevich (; 3 June 1923 – 19 February 2017) was a Russian mathematician. He contributed to algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry. He also wrote books and articles which criticise socialism. He was an important dissident during the Soviet regime. He was born in Zhytomyr, Ukraine.

Shafarevich died on 19 February 2017 in Moscow, at the age of 93.


Iran hostage crisis

The Iran hostage crisis was a diplomatic crisis between Iran and the United States. Fifty-two American diplomats and citizens were held hostage for 444 days (November 4, 1979, to January 20, 1981). 
It happened after a group of Iranian students supporting the Iranian Revolution took over the US Embassy in Tehran. President Jimmy Carter called the hostages "victims of terrorism and anarchy," adding that "the United States will not yield to blackmail."

The U.S. tried to free the hostages during the crisis, but failed when rescue officials were killed in a helicopter crash.

The hostages were released just as Ronald Reagan was being inaugurated as President.

M. Karunanidhi

Muthuvel Karunanidhi (3 June 1924 – 7 August 2018) was an Indian politician. He has served as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu five different times. He is the former president of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), a Dravidian political party in the state of Tamil Nadu. He has been the leader of the DMK since the death of its founder, C. N. Annadurai, in 1969.

Karunanidhi was born in Thirukuvalai, Tiruvarur, British India. He was an atheist. Karunanidhi died in Chennai at a hospital from multiple organ failure on 7 August 2018, aged 94.

Oath of office of the president of the United States

The oath of office of the president of the United States is an oath that the president takes as he takes office. The chief justice gives the oath to the president of the United States. 

The oath is ordered by the United States Constitution (Article II, Section One, Clause 8), and is given before the president begins his term of office. 

This is what the oath says:

It is unknown how many presidents used a Bible or added the words "So help me God" at the end of the oath, or in their acceptance of the oath, as neither is required by law.

Pierre Cardin

Pierre Cardin (, , ), (born Pietro Cardin; 2 July 1922 – 29 December 2020) was an Italian-born French fashion designer. Cardin was known for his avant-garde style and his Space Age designs. Cardin was made UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador in 1991 and FAO Goodwill Ambassador in 2009.

He was gay, however he was in a four year relationship with actress Jeanne Moreau in the 1960s.

Cardin died on 29 December 2020 at a hospital in Neuilly-sur-Seine, at the age of 98.

Pac (wrestler)

Benjamin Satterly (born 22 August 1986) is an English professional wrestler. He currently wrestles under the ring name PAC. He has also wrestled under the ring names Adrian Neville and later Neville in WWE and Pac in the Independent circuit. He is currently signed to AEW. He is a former one-time NXT Champion, a two-time and longest-reigning WWE Cruiserweight Champion and a two-time NXT Tag Team Champion with Oliver Grey and Corey Graves.

On the 16 January 2013 episode of "NXT", he made his WWE debut under the ring name Adrian Neville defeating Sakamoto.

On the 13 February episode of NXT (originally taped on 31 January), Neville along with Oliver Grey, won the finals of tournament to crown the first ever NXT Tag Team Champions by defeating the Wyatt Family (Luke Harper and Erick Rowan). When Grey suffered a torn ACL (in storyline caused by the Wyatt Family), Neville decided to choose Bo Dallas as his new partner in April. On the 8 May episode of NXT (taped on 2 May), during the team's first defence, Neville and Dallas lost the championships to the Wyatt Family.

At NXT Arrival, Neville was able to win the NXT Championship when he defeated Bo Dallas in a ladder match. On December 11, at the event, Neville lost the championship to Sami Zayn.


33 BC

Year 33 BC was either a common year starting on Saturday, Sunday or Monday or a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Octavian and Tullus.



Frozen (2013 movie)

Frozen is a 2013 American computer-animated musical fantasy-comedy movie. It was inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale "The Snow Queen". It is produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

"Frozen" received positive reviews from movie critics. It was nominated for the Golden Globe for Best Animated Feature Film.

Anna and Elsa are two princess sisters who live in Arendelle. Elsa, now queen of Arendelle, has the power to create snow and ice and work with them, but she loses control of her powers and puts the people of Arendelle in danger. Not wanting to hurt anyone, Elsa runs away and builds an ice palace for herself. Meanwhile, Anna sets off in the snow and ice to bring Elsa back and make things right with her. On the way, she meets Kristoff, a friendly ice seller, and Olaf, a funny snowman created by Elsa who dreams of seeing the summer.

A prince named Hans wants to marry Anna, but later reveals that he only wants to marry her to take down Elsa and get her royal status. As Hans raises his sword over Elsa, Anna stops Hans and freezes because of the cold. Elsa weeps out of love for Anna, and this thaws Anna back to life. Seeing this, Olaf realizes that an act of true love is what thaws a frozen heart. With the power of love, Elsa stops the icy spell over Arendelle, and all of Arendelle live happily ever after, including Olaf, who is able to see summer with a snow flurry over his head to keep the summer heat from melting him.


Plans to make a movie based on "The Snow Queen" were started in the 1940s. The writers were not sure how its story could go and so the movie could not be made. Later, in 2011, the writers finally found a story to use for the movie and the production team began making the movie, naming it "Frozen". The plans said that "Frozen" would be hand-drawn, but the team later decided to use computer animation. It took only two years to make "Frozen", which was a very fast production time for a computer-animated movie.

"Frozen" is also one of the most difficult animated movies to make. The animation team had to travel to a snowy area in Wyoming so that they could study the behavior of snow and simulate that with a computer. They also used a program that could generate a lot of strands for Elsa's hair. An average human has about 100,000 strands of hair, while Elsa's hair was made of 400,000 strands.

Most of the songs were made by husband and wife Robert and Kristen Anderson-Lopez, while the movie's background music was made by Christophe Beck. The first song in the movie, "Frozen Heart," was made by South Sami composer Frode Fjellheim and is in a traditional Sami style called Vuelie.
This is a list of songs heard in the movie "Frozen". These can be found on the movie's soundtrack CD. The CD also has the background music pieces used for "Frozen". 

The character Kristoff is meant to be Sámi, a member of an indigenous group that lives in northern Europe. Some viewers complained that Kristoff was not a good way to show Sami because he is light-skinned and blond. Although, today, some Sami look like Kristoff, most have darker skin and hair. When making the 2019 sequel, "Frozen II", Disney signed a contract with Sami leaders and hired Sami experts to make sure the culture would be shown respectfully.

Frozen Fever is a short movie made by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It continues the events of "Frozen". It was released with the longer movie "Cinderella" on March 13, 2015. The movie is about Elsa who catches a cold and finds it hard to surprise Anna on her birthday. "Frozen Fever" runs for about 8 minutes. It has one new song sung by Elsa.

Olaf's Frozen Adventure is a short movie made by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was released with the longer movie "Coco" on November 22, 2017. It was later shown on ABC on December 14. The short movie is about Olaf the snowman who is looking for the best holiday traditions for Anna. It runs for about 21 minutes. It has four new songs.

The full length sequel, "Frozen II", was released on November 22, 2019. The movie is about how Anna and Elsa and everyone else discover how Elsa found her powers and how the sisters start to really grow apart, with songs like Into the Unknown.

35 BC

Year 35 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday or Friday or a leap year starting on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Cornificius and Sextus.




36 BC

Year 36 BC was either a common year starting on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Publicola and Nerva.




Nancy Charest

Nancy Charest (November 28, 1959 – March 1, 2014) was a Canadian politician. She represented the of Matane in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2003 to 2007 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. She was defeated by Pascal Bérubé of the Parti Québécois in the 2007 provincial election. She was born in Matane, Quebec.

Charest was found dead on March 1, 2014. Her body was found on a roadside in Gaspé Peninsula, Quebec. She was 54 years old.


Spike Jonze

Spike Jonze (; born Adam Spiegel; October 22, 1969) is an American director, producer, screenwriter and actor. His movies include "Being John Malkovich" (1999), "Adaptation" (2002), "Where the Wild Things Are" (2009), and "Her" (2013).

Jonze was born in Rockville, Maryland. He grew up in Bethesda, Maryland and Gulph Mills, Pennsylvania.

Paolo Sorrentino

Paolo Sorrentino (born 31 May 1970) is an Italian director and screenwriter. His movies include "One Man Up" (2001), "The Consequences of Love" (2004), "The Family Friend" (2006), "Il Divo" (2008), "This Must Be the Place" (2011) and "The Great Beauty" (2013).

Sorrentino was born in Naples.

Kerser

Scott Froml (born 21 August 1987), better known by his stage name Kerser, is an Australian rapper. His best known song is "Kerser Is the Sickest". He was released a number of mixtapes and three albums since 2011. His second album "No Rest For the Sickest" reached #15 on the ARIA albums chart.

Kerser was born in Campbelltown, Sydney, New South Wales.

Erectile disfunction

Erectile dysfunction (ED, also called impotence) is when a man can't have or keep an erection of the penis during sexual intercourse. Erectile dysfunction can be caused by issues such as death-grip syndrome or genital atrophy.

Bruce Vilanch

Bruce Vilanch (born November 23, 1948) is an American comedian, songwriter and actor. He is best known for his four-years on "Hollywood Squares", as a celebrity participant and head writer for the show. He has won six Emmy Awards. From 2000 to 2014, he was the head writer for the Oscars. For ten years before this role, he was the Oscar program co-writer. He is also a featured writer for the Tonys, Grammys and Emmys.

Vilanch was born in New York City, New York. He grew up in Paterson, New Jersey. He was adopted when he was four days old. He was raised in a Jewish family. He studied at the Ohio State University (OSU). He is openly gay.


Prempeh I

Prempeh I (Otumfuo Nana Prempeh I, 18 December 1870 – 12 May 1931) was the thirteenth king of the Asante state of the Kingdom of Ashanti. He ruled from March 26, 1888 until his death in 1931.

John Ficarra

John Ficarra is an American magazine editor and publisher. He has been the editor-in-chief of "MAD Magazine" since 1984, sharing the same position for most of that time with Nick Meglin. He has been one of the editorial staff of the magazine for more than 25 years.

Desmond Devlin

Desmond Devlin is an American comedy writer. His has worked for "MAD Magazine" for more than 25 years. He ranks as one of the magazine's four most regular non-illustrating writers.

Jämijärvi

Jämijärvi is a municipality in Satakunta, Finland. It had about 2,000 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Ikaalinen, Kankaanpää and Parkano. Most people speak Finnish.


Sam Viviano

Sam Viviano (born March 13, 1953) is an American caricature artist and art director. He has been a lead artist for "MAD Magazine" since 1980.

Viviano was born in Detroit, Michigan.


James Warhola

James Warhola (born March 16, 1955) is an American artist. He has illustrated dozens of children's picture books since 1987.

Warhola was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is the son of Paul Warhola, Andy Warhol's oldest brother.


Mort Drucker

Morris "Mort" Drucker (March 22, 1929 – April 9, 2020) was an American caricaturist and comics artist. He worked for "Mad" magazine for over 50 years. At "Mad", he became known for his satires on leading feature movies and television series.

Drucker was born in Brooklyn, New York City, to a Jewish family. Some sources list his birth date as March 22, 1929, and others as March 29. He died on April 9, 2020 in Woodbury, New York, at the age of 91.

China Airlines Flight 611

China Airlines Flight 611 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Taipei to Hong Kong, China. On May 25, 2002, the Boeing 747-209B airplane broke apart while flying over the Taiwan Straits and crashed into the water. It happened about 25 minutes after takeoff. The accident was caused by metal fatigue in the rear part of the plane. This was traced back to an incorrect repair that was done 22 years before the accident. All 225 people on board the plane were killed.

The Boeing 747-209B that flew China Airlines Flight 611 was registered as B-1866. This was changed to B-18255 on May 18, 1999. The plane was delivered to China Airlines on July 31, 1979. It was powered by 4 Pratt & Whitney JT9D engines. At time of crash it had flown for 64,394 hours, taking off and landing 21,180 times.

On February 7, 1980 the tail of the plane struck the runway while landing at Hong Kong airport. The plane was then ferried back to Taipei. A temporary repair was done on February 8, 1980, while a permanent repair was done from May 23 to 26, 1980. Later it was discovered the repair was not done to Boeing repair standards. It was also discovered that from 1997 a total of 29 corrosion inspections were not completed. When the repair patch was recovered from the crash site, there was evidence that deep scratches had been polished out, thinning the metal. Several fatigue cracks were found in the scratches. Crash investigators estimate a crack of about 71 inches may have caused the plane to break up.

The captain was Yi Ching-Fung (in Traditional Chinese, 易清豐), who was 51 years old. He joined China Airlines in 1991 before becoming a captain in 1997. He had flown for 10,148 hours. First Officer Hsieh Ya Shiung (In Traditional Chinese, 謝亞雄), who was 52 years old, joined China Airlines in 1990. He had flown for a total of 10,173 hours.

As the Boeing 747-200B was an older type of airplane, a flight engineer was needed. The flight engineer on this flight was Sen Kuo Chao (in Traditional Chinese, 趙盛國). He joined China Airlines in 1977 and had a total flying time of 19,117 hours.

All 19 crew came from Taiwan.
There were 206 passengers on the flight to Hong Kong. Of there, there were 190 Taiwanese people. Of the other 16, nine were from the People's Republic Of China and 5 were from Hong Kong. There was also one person from Singapore and one from Switzerland.

On May 25, 2002, B-18255 was actually going to be sold to Orient Thai Airlines. This was the plane's last day of service with China Airlines. Takeoff was at 3.07 pm, and the plane was cleared to climb to 20,000 feet. At 3.16 pm the plane was again cleared to climb and maintain 35,000 feet. At about 3.30 pm, the plane was about to reach 35,000 feet when it suddenly disappeared from the radar systems of the air traffic controllers. Communications were also lost. No distress signals were sent out. However, two Cathay Pacific planes nearby received flight 611's emergency location-indicator signals.

Later, the investigators discovered that Flight 611 broke apart in mid-air when as it was reaching 35,000 feet. Just before reaching cruising altitude, the tail section separated from the aircraft. The Boeing 747 rapidly nosed over into a dive, and the aerodynamic forces tore the remains of the aircraft apart. All 225 people on the plane were killed. This was one of the worst disaster in aviation history involving explosive decompression. China Airlines has had nine fatal crashes between 1970 and 2002. This is the worst record in commercial aviation.

Shortly after the plane vanished, Taiwan started one of the country's largest search-and-rescue operations. As the plane broke apart in mid-air, wreckage were spread over a large area and this makes it difficult to recover all the wreckage. When the search-and-rescue teams arrived, they realized they could not do anything; all 225 people onboard were dead.

When there was no more hope for survivors, the teams started to recover wreckage and human remains. These were sent to Penghu Islands. There, the wreckage were numbered and the human remains were sent for identification. In the end, out of 225 people on board, 175 bodies were recovered. 50 remain in the sea.
The investigation of the crash was by Aviation Safety Council (ASC) of Taiwan. During the investigation, it was found that the crash of China Airlines Flight 611 was similar with another crash, TWA flight 800. Investigators found out that both crashes had similar points such as:
However, unlike Flight 800, investigators determined that Flight 611 was not caused by a fuel tank explosion.

As the investigation continues, both recorders of the flight were recovered. However, investigators could not find any possible cause from the recorders as the flight data recorder showed that the plane was working properly before it broke up. The cockpit voice recorder also showed nothing unusual. The recorder started ten minutes before the flight. After a last sentence said by captain Yi Ching-Fung, "two thousand" at 3.26pm, the recorder recorded nothing more spoken. Then, the sound of the plane breaking up was heard at about 3.29pm.

With nothing possible showing up, investigators decided to use a method that the investigators of TWA Flight 800 used. Using several pieces of wreckage, investigators were able to use a computer and find out which piece fell off first. This provided a major clue-the wreckage from the back of the plane fell first. So, investigators began looking for wreckage from the back of the plane.

Finally, investigators managed to find a piece of wreckage which was damaged in the tailstrike incident in 1980. A doubler plate was placed over the scratches that the tailstrike caused. The piece, item number 640, was sent to Taipei for further examination.

When investigators removed the doubler that was over Item 640, they found out that the scratches were still there. They had been caused by the tail strike 22 years ago. The damage from the tail strike had not been correctly fixed. From this investigators found out what had happened 22 years ago.

According to the Boeing SRM (Structural Repair Manual), the scratches should be sanded down. But as the scratches caused by the tailstrike were too deep, the correct way to repair is to cut out the damaged section, then put a doubler plate that is 30% larger than the section that was cut out. However, in the repair of the accident plane, the workers did not follow the instructions. Instead they just placed a doubler plate over the damaged section, which was not 30% larger than the section that was supposed to be cut out. This weakened the structure behind the doubler. The workers then made one more mistake. They wrote in the repair log that the repair was done correctly. Anyone reading the log book would assume that the repair was done correctly and that the workers had cut out the damaged section and replaced it.

Over the years, the cracks under the doubler grew worse and worse. Every time the plane took off and landed the cracks increased in length, in the end reaching 2.3 metres. Then, on May 25, 2002, the cracks reached the breaking point. It grew in all directions and caused the whole tail to break away from the plane. The plane went into a dive and was torn apart.

Another possible reason why the mistake were not found out is the maintenance procedures of China Airlines. In 1988, the roof of Aloha Airlines Flight 243 peeled off when the plane was cruising, causing explosive decompression. The plane landed safely. After the accident, the FAA ordered that the airlines evaluate again all the previous repairs that was done on planes.

China Airlines began evaluating the repairs in 2001. The workers took photographs of 31 different doublers on different 747s. These included the one on B-18255. Although there was a stain on the doubler, the workers chose to ignore it. The stain was actually caused by smoke as passengers were allowed to smoke until 1995. The smoke was forced out through the crack and nicotine stained the skin of plane. It was said in Mayday that if China Airlines went on to find out how the stain formed, they may have found the cracks and prevented the crash.

The workers then scheduled the next maintenance check on November 2, 2002. The check would have led the workers to find the cracks. However, the plane crashed 5 months before the check.

China Airlines no longer uses 611 as its flight number.


What a Way to Go!

What a Way to Go! is a 1964 American romantic comedy musical movie. It was directed by J. Lee Thompson. It stars Shirley MacLaine, Paul Newman, Robert Mitchum, Dean Martin, Gene Kelly, Robert Cummings and Dick Van Dyke. This movie was intended for Marilyn Monroe, but she died before the movie began filming.

Zeravshan (river)

The Zarafshon is a river in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, Central Asia. Its name, "spreader of gold" in Persian, refers to the presence of gold-bearing sands in the upper reaches of the river. To the ancient Greeks it was known as the "Polytimetus". It was also formerly known as "Sughd River". The river is 877 kilometres (545 mi) long and has a basin area of 17,700 square kilometres (6,800 sq mi).

A part of the river valley is known to the Kyrgyz people as Raskam, and the river itself is also called the Raskam River. The river is also known as the Zarafshan River. The area was once claimed by the ruler of Hunza.

Sarin

Sarin (or GB) is a nerve gas, a deadly poison. It was developed as a chemical weapon for use in war by Nazi Germany.

It is classified as a weapon of mass destruction in UN Resolution 687. Production and stockpiling of sarin was outlawed by the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993, and it is classified as a Schedule 1 substance according to the convention. That means that is a very dangerous chemical that has no use outside of chemical warfare.

Sarin can be lethal even at very low concentrations. Death comes in 1 to 10 minutes after breathing it in. It paralyses lung muscles. Antidotes, such as atropine, can save a person if given immediately.
People who get a non-lethal dose, but do not get immediate treatment, may suffer permanent neurological damage.

Like other nerve agents, sarin attacks the nervous system by stopping nerve endings in muscles from switching off. Death will usually occur as a result of asphyxia due to the inability to control the muscles involved in breathing function.

In vertebrates, acetylcholine is the neurotransmitter used at the neuromuscular junction, where signals are transmitted between neurons from the central nervous system to muscle fibres.

Normally, acetylcholine is released from the neuron to stimulate the muscle, after which it is degraded by acetylcholinesterase. This allows the muscle to relax. Inhibition of cholinesterase means the neurotransmitter continues to act on the muscle fibre. This stops breathing.

Sarin was discovered in 1938 in Wuppertal-Elberfeld in Germany by scientists at IG Farben attempting to create stronger pesticides. it is the most toxic of the four G-Series nerve agents made by Germany. The name "sarin" comes from letters in the scientists' names: Gerhard Schrader, Otto Ambros, Gerhard Ritter, and Hans-Jürgen von der Linde.

In mid-1939, the formula for the agent was passed to the chemical warfare section of the German Army Weapons Office, which ordered that it be brought into mass production for wartime use. It was not used in World War II.


Sarin is a liquid. It has no color and no smell. However, sarin that is not pure can look brown and smell like burnt rubber. It is miscible in water, which means that it can dissolve in water. Sarin melts at −56 °C and boils at 158 °C.

Sarin is very dangerous, whether someone touches it or breathes it in. The LD50 of sarin is 172 μg/kg. This means that a group of people were injected with 172μg of sarin per kilogram of body weight, 50% of the people in that group would die. This was determined when scientists injected mice with sarin. They then did calculations to determine the ratio of sarin per kilogram and get the LD50.

Pure sarin is estimated to be 26 times more deadly than cyanide.

Sarin is made by mixing different chemicals together. It is difficult and dangerous for the average person to make sarin or get many of the chemicals needed to make sarin.

1) Methylphosphonyl difluoride with isopropyl alcohol. Hydrofluoric acid is made as a byproduct of the reaction:

2) Methylphosphonyl difluoride and methylphosphonic dichloride. This is called the "Di-di" process. Hydrochloric acid is made as a byproduct:
Both methods leave a lot of acid behind. This is a problem because acid will corrode the containers used to store sarin in.

Sarin is hard to store because the bond between the phosphorus and the fluorine is easily broken. That's why it is stored as two separate chemicals that create sarin when they are mixed.

Sarin decomposes at a high pH. First, it breaks down to isopropyl methylphosphonic acid (IMPA). Then it breaks down to methylphosphonic acid (MPA). IMPA can be detected to find out if sarin was used somewhere because it is a chemical not found in nature.

In medicine, the acronym SLUDGE is used to remember some of the symptoms of sarin poisoning:
Other symptoms of sarin poisoning include:

How to Steal a Million

How to Steal a Million is a comedy movie of 1966. It is about a high-skilled art forger that fakes being an art collector. His daughter, Nicole, is concerned about his behavior, and more importantly that he might be caught. Audrey Hepburn plays Nicole.

This movie was released on July 13, 1966.

Jane Powell

Jane Powell (born Suzanne Lorraine Bruce; April 1, 1929 – September 16, 2021) was an American actress. She played the title character in "A Date with Judy" in 1948. She also played Tess Morgan in "Three Daring Daughters" (also 1948).

Powell was born in Portland, Oregon. She was married to actor Dickie Moore from 1988 until his death in 2015. Powell died of natural causes in Wilton, Connecticut on September 16, 2021 at the age of 92.

Head writer

A head writer is a person who oversees a team of writers. This is usually on a television or radio series. The title is also common in the soap opera genre, as well. Head writers are common to comedy sketches, game shows and talk shows that feature and comedy skits. In most series this function is generally performed by an executive producer. It is the head writer's job to do the final editing.

Centimetre–gram–second system of units

The centimetre-gram-second system (abbreviated CGS or cgs) is a variant of the metric system. The derived units are on the centimeter as the unit of length, the gram as a unit of mass and the second as a unit of time. The system evolved in the nineteenth century when it was used to define both electrical and mechanical units. 

The cgs units of energy and force are the "dyne" and the "erg". 

The coherent cgs unit of pressure was the "barye" (symbol Ba). A "bayre" is one dyne per square centimeter. 
Many non-coherent units of pressure were used in the cgs system. They include:
The dyne and the erg were used to define the units for electrical quantities. Two different forms of cgs units were developed. One form was developed for electrostatic units and another for electromagnetic units. Electrical engineering units were based on the MKS (metre-kilogram-second) system instead of the CGS system.

During the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries many other units were defined using cgs units. In 1960 the BIPM published the International System of Units (SI) which was based on the metre, the kilogram, the second and the ampere. SI has now replaced the CGS system of units in most applications.

Connected

"Connected" is an electronic pop song by Stereo MCs. This song was released in September 1992. It was #20 on "Billboard" Hot 100 and #18 on UK Top 75 Chart. The song appeared in several television programs and movies.

The song samples the disco classic song "Let Me (Let Me be Your Lover)" by Jimmy Bo Horne. The full length of the song is five minutes and 16 seconds.

AgustaWestland AW139

The AgustaWestland AW139 is an Italian and British helicopter. It is used both by militaries and civilians. It's a twin turboshaft helicopter. Similars helicopters are Eurocopter EC175 and Sikorsky S-70.


Citroën C15

The Citroën C15 is a light utility car. It was designed and built in France by Citroën. It was built between 1984 and 2005.

Grumman G.159 Gulfstream

The Grumman G.159 Gulfstream is a twin-turboprop aircraft. It was built between 1958 and 1966 at 200 examples. It was used by both civilians and militaries users. US Navy and US Coast Guard used it.

Jean Jaurès

Jean Jaurès, or Jean Léon Jaurès is a French politician. He was assassinate by a nationalist fanatic, Raoul Villain. Jaurès was a pacifist in Europe and was against any war. He was a socialist in France.

Douglas C-74 Globemaster

The Douglas C-74 Globemaster is a military transport aircraft. It was built in the United States. The maiden flight was in 1945. It was used by the United States Air Force between 1946 and 1956. It was a four-engine aircraft built in all-metal. Only fourteen were built. It was used for Korean War.

Airbus A400M Atlas

The Airbus A400M Atlas is a military cargo aircraft. It is built in Spain by Airbus Defence & Space, part of Airbus Group. The wings are made in the UK. The cockpit and landing gear are made in France. Germany provides the fuselage assembly. The Atlas is a four turboprops and high-wing aircraft. Orders have come from militaries of many countries like France, Germany, Spain, and the UK. The aircraft's first flight was on 11 December 2009. The French Air Force used it in the Mali war in 2013 and 2014.

On Monday May 11, 2015, An Airbus A400M crashed in Spain during final flight testing. Two pilots and two flight engineers were killed in the accident. Britain, Germany, Malaysia and Turkey all grounded their A440Ms. The six planes France has will only see limited use. Spain has stopped all testing of the planes until the cause of the crash is discovered.


Rasputina (band)

Rasputina is a cello rock band from New York. The members are Melora Creager, Daniel DeJesus, and Dawn Miceli. The band was started in 1992 by Creager.

Creager put an advertisement in The Village Voice asking for other cellists to start a rock band with her. Julia Kent, an editor of the newspaper, responded to the ad.

The band released its first album, "Thanks For the Ether", in 1996. In 1997 they released an extended play remixed by Marilyn Manson. In 1998 the band's second album "How We Quit the Forest" was released. In 2002 "Cabin Fever" was released.

Walk On By

"Walk On By" is a very melancholy song. It was composed by Burt Bacharach. It was first sung by Dionne Warwick. It was released in April 1964. It hit #1 on United States R&B charts.

Isaac Hayes, Melissa Manchester, Cyndi Lauper, and others covered the song. Manchester had her version during 1989.

Women and video games

The connection between women and video games has been getting lots of interest from schools, companies, and average groups of people. In past years female gamers had only made up a small part of the final amount of gamers. In 2012 the amount of female gamers had increased to almost half the final amount of gamers. Efforts to include more female gamers have addressed the problems of male against female advertising, thinking of female gamers in a negative way, and the decrease of female video game creators. There has been some talk about making female-aimed games along with male-aimed games, or making sex-equal games should take their place.


Stan Rickaby

Stanley "Stan" Rickaby (12 March 1924 – 8 February 2014) was an English footballer. He played as a right back in West Bromwich Albion F.C.. Rickaby played one game for England, in 1953.

Rickaby was born in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham. He died from natural causes at the age of 89.


Gordon Tullock

Gordon Tullock (February 13, 1922 – November 3, 2014) was an American economist and a Professor of Law and Economics at the George Mason University School of Law. He was best known for his work on public choice theory. The theory was about political science and political issues. He is one of the founding figures in his field.

Tullock was born in Rockford, Illinois. He was raised in Chicago. Tullock studied at the University of Chicago. He worked with fellow economist James M. Buchanan.

On November 3, 2014, Tullock died in Des Moines, Iowa. He was aged 92.


Format war

A format war is the competition between two or more different formats to become the industry standard. Standards are important in every industry and format wars are common. The winning standard usually gets the largest market share. The losing format often suffers dying sales until it is gone completely. Sometimes the winning format is technically the best, but usually the different formats have different advantages. Being first or being cheaper can also help one design win out over its rivals. 


Finnish Maiden

Finnish Maiden is a personification of Finland. She is young woman who often has blonde hair, blue eyes and a folk costume.

Frost heaving

Frost heaving is the lifting of frozen soil, caused by water rising from below to the level in the soil where it freezes, accumulates as ice, and pushes the soil above it upwards.


Sammaljoki

Sammaljoki might mean:


Taivalkoski

Taivalkoski is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. About 4,250 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kuusamo, Posio, Pudasjärvi and Suomussalmi.

Blood–brain barrier

The blood–brain barrier (BBB) is a highly selective permeability barrier. It controls what gets from the bloodstream into the brain, and what does not.

For example, things that the brain needs to survive (water, glucose, and amino acids) can get through the barrier. However, the barrier stops many harmful things, like bacteria and viruses, from getting into the brain. This helps protect the brain from getting an infection.

The blood-brain barrier is formed by capillary endothelial cells. It allows the passage of water, some gases, and lipid-soluble molecules by passive diffusion. It also allows the selective transport of molecules such as glucose and amino acids which are crucial to nerve function. On the other hand, the blood-brain barrier may prevent the entry of neurotoxins by means of an active transport mechanism. 

A few small areas in the brain do not have a blood-brain barrier. 

Paul Ehrlich, a German doctor, discovered the blood-brain barrier. He injected dye into mice's bloodstreams. The dye got to every organ except the brain. The blood-brain barrier had stopped the dye from getting through to the brain. Then one of Ehrlich's students injected the dye right into the mice's brains. This time the brain turned blue, but no other organs did. The blood-brain barrier had stopped the dye from getting out of the brain into the bloodstream (which would have carried the dye to every other organ in the body).

The blood–brain barrier protects the brain from many common infections. Infections of the brain are rare. If they do happen, they are often serious and difficult to treat. Antibodies (which the body's immune system makes to fight infections) are too large to cross the blood–brain barrier. Also, many antibiotics cannot pass through the BBB to kill the infection in the brain. 

One way to get medications into the brain is to inject them into the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). CSF helps protect the brain and spinal cord. However, it does not actually touch the brain. Instead, two of the layers that protect the brain and spinal cord hold the CSF. Because of this, even if medications are injected right into the CSF, they still do not get into the brain very well. 

Some bacteria, viruses, and other things can get through the blood-brain barrier and damage the brain. For example:


Wu Tianming

Wu Tianming (5 December 1939 – 4 March 2014) was a Chinese movie director and producer. He was considered one of the leading "Fourth Generation" directors. He was born in Sanyuan County, Shaanxi Province.

Wu Tianming died from a heart attack on 4 March 2013. He was 74 years old.

Xu Chongde

Xu Chongde (15 January 1929 – 3 March 2014) was a Chinese legal expert, professor and political scientist. He was a member of the Communist Party of China in the People's Republic of China. He was born in Qingpu, Shanghai.

Xu Chongde died on 3 March 2014 in Beijing. He was 85 years old.

Eckart Höfling

Eckart Höfling (28 October 1936 – 1 March 2014) was a German Catholic priest. He was best known for working in the fight against poverty in Brazil. He was born in Langenprozelten, Lower Franconia.

Höfling died after a long illness on 1 March 2014 in Main-Spessart, Bavaria. He was 77 years old.

Michael Shea (writer)

Michael Shea (1946 – February 16, 2014) was an American writer. His genres included fantasy, horror, and science fiction. He has won "year's best" World Fantasy Awards for the novel "Nifft the Lean" and the novella "Growlimb". He was born in Culver City, California.

Michael Shea died unexpectedly on February 16, 2014. He was 67 years old. He was outlived by his wife and two children. 

Sauvo

Sauvo is a municipality in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 3,025 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Kaarina, Kemiönsaari, Parainen, Paimio and Salo. 

Most people in Sauvo speak Finnish.


Kemiönsaari

Kemiönsaari is a municipality in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014 about 7,000 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Salo, Raasepori, Hanko, Parainen and Sauvo.

It was created on 1 January 2009, when the former municipalities of Dragsfjärd, Kimito and Västanfjärd were merged into the municipality.

Most people in Kemiönsaari speak Swedish.


Valtimo

Valtimo was a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 2,385 people lived there. Municipalities next to it are Nurmes, Rautavaara and Sotkamo. It was merged with the town of Nurmes on 1 January 2020.


Rautavaara

Rautavaara is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. About 1,780 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Juankoski, Juuka, Kuopio, Lapinlahti, Nurmes, Sonkajärvi, Sotkamo and Valtimo.


Stag beetle

Stag beetles are a family of about 1,200 species of beetles in the family "Lucanidae". They are first found in the mid Jurassic period.

Male stag beetles use their jaws to wrestle with each other. They fight over females and over food, such as tree sap or decaying fruits. Despite their appearance they are not normally aggressive to humans. Adults spend the winter underground in the soil and usually emerge from mid-May onwards. They can fly, and need to because they have to cover large distances.

The larvae live in rotting wood for several years going through three larval stages.

A well-known species in much of Europe is "Lucanus cervus", known as "the" stag beetle. It is the largest land insect in Europe.

Mark Freidkin

Mark Iehielvich Freidkin (; 14 April 1953 – 4 March 2014) was a Soviet and Russian poet, writer, translator, and singer. He wrote three books of prose. He was born in Leninobod (now Khujand, Tajikstan) and studied in Moscow. He was of Jewish descent.

Freidkin died after a long illness on 4 March 2014 in Moscow. He was 60.

System of units

A system of units is a collection of units of measurement. The quantities described by the units are related to each other by specific rules. These rules may not contradict each other. An example of a system like this is one needed for the problems of the economic system.

Some of the units are called "base units". These units can be defined by arbitrarily. Other units are called derived units. They are defined using the base units. 
The most common systems of units today are the International System of Units (SI), the Imperial units and the United States customary units. 

The base units of SI are the metre, the second, the kilogram, the ampere, the kelvin, the candela and the mole. SI has many derived units which include the watt, newton and joule. SI is called a "coherent system of units" because the constant factor in the definition of it derived units is always 1.
The base units of the imperial system and the United States customary system are the pound avoirdupois, the yard and the second. Derived units found in the Imperial and Customary systems of units include horsepower and Pounds per square inch.

The relationship force, energy and power is an example of coherence. The equations are
In SI, the equations become
In the cgs system of units, the equations become
In the MKS-gravitational system, the equations become

Marsha M. Linehan

Marsha M. Linehan (born May 5, 1943) is an American psychologist and writer. She made a new kind of psychotherapy called dialectical behavior therapy (DBT). Linehan is a Professor of Psychology, Adjunct Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle.

Linehan was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. She was diagnosed with schizophrenia in March 1961 at The Institute of Living in Hartford, Connecticut. She was an inpatient there for 2 years and 2 months. She was given thorazine and lithium as treatment. She believes that she was misdiagnosed and that she actually had borderline personality disorder.

In 1971 Linehan was given her Ph.D. in clinical psychology from Loyola University Chicago.

After she left university, Linehan did an internship at The Suicide Prevention and Crisis Service in Buffalo, New York from 1971 to 1972. During that time Linehan was also an assistant professor at University at Buffalo, The State University of New York.

In 1973 Linehan went back to Loyola University to work as a professor for two years. In 1977 Linehan became an assistant professor in the Psychiatry and Behavior Sciences department of the University of Washington.

Vito LoGrasso

Vito Joseph LoGrasso (born June 18, 1964 in Brooklyn) is an American professional wrestler. He is known under the ring names Big Vito and just Vito. He is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). He also spent a short time in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

On September 2013, he opened a wrestling school in Clearwater, Florida.



Bikini Kill

Bikini Kill was an American punk rock band. The band was started in October 1990 in Olympia. The band's members were singer Kathleen Hanna, guitarist Billy Karren, bassist Kathi Wilcox, and drummer Tobi Vail.

The band was started in Olympia, Washington by Kathleen Hanna (vocals), Billy Karren (guitar), Kathi Wilcox (bass), and Tobi Vail (drums). They released a demo cassette tape in 1991. They were then signed to Kill Rock Stars. Their first extended play "Bikini Kill" was released on the label. In September 1993 the band's first album "Pussy Whipped" was released. The band's last album, "Reject All American" was released in 1996. In 1997 the band broke up. In 2012 "Bikini Kill" was released again. In 2014 "Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah" was released again.

Division of Fisher

The Division of Fisher is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1949 and is named after Andrew Fisher, three times Prime Minister of Australia. It covers the Sunshine Coast area north of Brisbane. It includes the towns of Caloundra, Mooloolaba, Beerwah, Maleny, Woodford and Kilcoy.

Sir Charles Adermann was Deputy Leader of the Country Party 1964–66. 

Peter Slipper was elected as Speaker on 24 November 2011 and resigned from the Liberal National Party. He stayed in parliament as an independent member. He resigned as speaker on 9 October 2012. On 11 May 2013, he joined businessman Clive Palmer's new Palmer United Party, becoming its first member in federal parliament. However, only hours later his membership of the party was cancelled and Slipper returned to being an independent.


Division of Flynn

The Division of Flynn is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up for the 2007 federal election. The electorate covers the areas west from the port city of Gladstone, as far as the town of Emerald. It was named after John Flynn, founder of the Royal Flying Doctor Service.

In June 2006, the Australian Electoral Commission announced that the new division would be named Wright. This would honour Judith Wright for her life as a "poet and in the areas of arts, conservation and indigenous affairs in Queensland and Australia". Many people complained because the name could be linked to disgraced former Queensland ALP leader Keith Wright. Instead the AEC named the seat after John Flynn.


Zhou Youguang

Zhou Youguang born Zhou Yaoping 13 January 1906 – 14 January 2017) was a Chinese linguist and writer. He was sometimes called the "father of Hanyu Pinyin". Hanyu Pinyin is the official romanization of Chinese in the People's Republic of China. He also wrote many books banned by the government of China.

Zhou was born in Changzhou, Jiangsu. In 1933, he married Zhang Yunhe. She died on 14 August 2002. They had two children together Zhou Xiaoping (1934–2015) and Zhou Xiaohe (1935–1941). He turned 100 in 2006. He became a supercentenarian (turning 110) in 2016.

Zhou died on 14 January 2017 at his home in Beijing, a day after his 111th birthday.

Emmanuel Kriaras

Emmanuel G. Kriaras (; 28 November 1906 – 22 August 2014) was a Greek lexicographer and philologist. He was Emeritus Professor of the School of Philosophy at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. He was a student of Ioannis Psycharis. He practiced the ideology of demotic Greek and his work was mainly on all the language matters of Greek and Greece.

Kriaras was born in Piraeus, Attica.

Kriaras died in Thessaloniki, Greece from a heart attack. He was 107 years old.

Messerschmitt Me 210

The Messerschmitt Me 210 is a military plane. It was a fighter aircraft, but was also use as a light bomber and reconnaissance aircraft. It flew for the first time in 1939. The plane turned out to be a very poor design. It was a dangerous plane to fly and had many accidents. It was used by Nazi Germany's air force ("Luftwaffe") during the World War II in the Mediterranean and in Russia. The Me 210 was replaced by the Messerschmitt Me 410 Hornisse (Hornet). It was almost the same plane but with more powerful engines.

William R. Pogue

William Reid Pogue (January 23, 1930 – March 4, 2014) was an American NASA astronaut, teacher, public speaker and writer. He is best known for being a crew member of Skylab 4. He was born in Okemah, Oklahoma.

Pogue died from natural causes in the morning of March 4, 2014 in his Florida home. He was 84 years old. He was outlived by his wife and three children.


Reggiane Re.2000 Falco

The Reggiane Re.2000 Falco is a fighter aircraft of the World War II. The plane was designed and built in Italy. It first flew in 1938. It was used by Italy, Hungary, and Sweden. The Cockpit was just for a pilot. It was the basis of Reggiane Re.2001 Falco II and Reggiane Re.2002 Ariete.

Aichi D3A

The Aichi D3A is a Japanese light bomber of the World War II. It was used by the Japanese navy. The plane was used in two famous battles: Pearl Harbor bombing and the Battle of Midway. It was nicknamed Val by the Allied forces. Some were used as kamikaze planes, like many other aircraft in Japan during World War II.

SPRAT

The SPRAT (for "Système de pose rapide de travures") is an assault bridge built on a military heavy truck. It is made in France and used by the French army. It's purpose is as a mobile bridge for military vehicles. It was used starting in 2011.

Within the forward edge of battle, the PTA is a unique gap crossing solution. The modularity offered by the PTA also provides a tactical advantage for vehicles up to class MLC 80. Since 2009, the Modular Assault Bridge has been commissioned into the French Army under the name SPRAT (Système de Pose Rapide de Travure - rapid bridge layer system).

In front of the breach, it is capable of deploying two short 14.3 m bridges or one long 26 m bridge.

The bridge is deployed from the armored cab, thus ensuring operator safety. Rapid horizontal deployment (10 minutes with 2 operators for the long bridge) ensures operational discretion.

Thanks to its stabilizing legs, the PTA can establish a bridge from unprepared banks (inclination of +/- 5%, slope of +/- 10%).

The high mechanical strength of the PTA's bridges allows the crossing of vehicles up to class MLC 80 over a gap of up to 24 meters in a repetitive manner as they are stress and fatigue qualified according to the FINABEL code.

Equipped with a digital, automated combat system (including an IR camera, operator interface and telemetry), the Modular Assault Bridge can be used day or night.

Weighing less than 60 metric tons, it can be driven on ordinary roads and can also be transported by air.

The assault bridge SPRAT is manufactured by the French company CNIM.
SEPECAT Jaguar

The SEPECAT Jaguar is a twin-turbojet military aircraft. It was designed and built as an attack aircraft, also used as a training aircraft. It was built by SEPECAT, an Anglo-French company. It first flew in 1968. "Armée de l'Air" and Royal Air Force were the main users. It was used in wars in Africa by French, and in Gulf War and Afghanistan War by British and French.
It's also built under licence in India as Jaguar International.

Apart "Armée de l'Air" and Royal Air Force the Jaguar was purchased by Ecuador, India, Nigeria and Oman. 

SEPECAT

SEPECAT (for "Société Européenne de Production de l'avion École de Combat et d'Appui Tactique") is an Anglo-French company which makes just one aircraft: the Jaguar. SEPECAT is the alliance of two aircraft companies: British Aircraft Corporation in UK and Breguet in France.

Focke-Wulf Fw 189

The Focke-Wulf Fw 189 was a twin-engine military aircraft. It was flown during World War II by the "Luftwaffe" (the German air force), who used it mainly for reconnaissance. The plane was built in Germany by Focke-Wulf Aircraft Company. It had a crew of three people. The 189 was built of wood and metal. It was nicknamed "Uhu", or owl in English.

Douglas A-26 Invader

The Douglas A-26 Invader is a twin-engined attack aircraft. It was used by the United States Army Air Force. It was also used in France and UK. The 'Invader' was used in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War by the United States. The French used it in the Algeria War. After 1948 its role in the US was changed from an attack aircraft to a bomber aircraft. The letter 'A' (for attack) in its name was changed to a 'B' (for bomber). It became the B-26 Invader. This caused some confusion because the Air Force already had the Martin B-26 Marauder, which was a different aircraft. Some A-26 Invaders were used during the 1950s by the United States Forest Service to fight forest fires. In this role the plane was used to put out wildfires from the air by dropping first , then later water and other retardants.

Cessna 210

The Cessna 210 is a light aircraft. It was designed and built in the USA. It was first flown in 1957 and was sold all over the world. It can carry a pilot and four to five passengers.

The Path to 9/11

The Path to 9/11 is a melodramatic, event-based television movie. It is about the events between the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and the few minutes just after the September 11 attacks. The movie was criticized for saying untrue things about events and some people and for not showing all sides of things.

The cast includes Patricia Heaton, Harvey Keitel and Donnie Wahlberg. Keitel was warned that some things in the movie were not true. When the TV network was trying to fix the issue, however, it was too late. There were arguments on what was true or untrue.

This movie aired in two parts in September 2006 on the ABC Network.

Vince Russo

Vincent James "Vince" Russo (born January 24, 1961) is an American creative writer and author. He is known for his work in professional wrestling. He is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW), World Wrestling Federation (WWF), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

During his time writing for the WWF and WCW, he was known for contributing edgy storylines that included profanity, storylines involving sexual content, swerves or unexpected heel turns, as well as worked shoots in the storylines. Russo mentions on the back of his book "Rope Opera" that he has "been known as both the savior of Vince McMahon's WWF and the man who destroyed WCW."

He most recently worked with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. On February 14, 2012, TNA President Dixie Carter announced that TNA and Russo had parted ways during the week.

In October 2003, he became a Born Again Christian.


Jim Cornette

James Mark "Jim" Cornette (born September 17, 1961) is an American retired manager, commentator, promoter, and booker.

He is best known for his work in Jim Crockett Promotions, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). He was also the owner of Smoky Mountain Wrestling from 1991 to 1995. He has also appeared as an on-screen character in an authoritative role for Ring of Honor (ROH) as the "Commissioner" and in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as the "Management Director" (as well as an off-screen road agent).

Cornette has expressed his hatred for Vince Russo and WWE Producer Kevin Dunn in interviews. He also mentioned in a "YouShoot" that he is an atheist.



Anaconda Plan

The Anaconda Plan was used during the American Civil War to "squeeze" the life out of the South. It was proposed by General Winfield Scott. The plan called for the blockade of the Southern ports. Then an advance down the Mississippi River was to cut the South in two. Like the coils of an anaconda snake suffocating its victim, the south would be squeezed until it returned to the Union. The plan was approved by President Lincoln. Northern Generals, newspapers and the public made fun of the plan. After a year of bloody fighting it was finally put into operation.

Allan Funk

Allan Eric Funk (born July 7, 1971) is an American professional wrestler. He currently competes in Lucha Libre USA where he competes under the ring name Chi Chi.

He is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) where he competed under the ring name Kwee Wee and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the name Bruce where he was one-half of The Rainbow Express, a stereotypical homosexual tag team with Lenny Lane.



Cyclostome

The cyclostomes (or cyclostomi) are the lamprey and hagfish. They are the only two living jawless fish, the Agnatha.

Recent molecular data from rRNA, and from mtDNA, show that these living agnathans are monophyletic. There are about 100 species. Hagfish are vertebrates but do not have vertebrae. It is believed that they lost their vertebrae during their lifestyle adaptations.

The name "Cyclostomata" and "Cyclostomi" means "round mouths". Their mouths cannot close due to the lack of a jaw, so they have to constantly cycle water through the mouth.

Chinese people

Chinese people are the various ethnic groups from China, including Taiwan.

The largest of these groups is the Han Chinese. This group is often called "Chinese" or "ethnic Chinese" in English. Large numbers of Han Chinese live in countries other than China. They may make up as much as 19% of the world's population.

Other ethnic groups in China include the Zhuang, Hui, Manchu, and Uyghurs, among many others. The People's Republic of China (PRC) officially recognises 56 ethnic groups. Taiwan (Republic of China, ROC) officially recognises 14 tribes of Taiwanese aborigines. The list of ethnic groups in China includes the major ethnic groups of China (PRC) and Taiwan.


Wonder (R.J. Palacio novel)

Wonder is a children's novel written by R.J. Palacio. "Wonder" was ranked #1 on The New York Times Best Seller list. It was also on the Texas Bluebonnet Award master list. 

This novel is about a boy. This is not a normal boy because of the way he looks (Treacher Collins Syndrome) . He has two or three face surgeries per year. He is normally home-schooled but this year is a little different, he is going to middle school.

The book is in the point of view of different people around Auggie's ( the diagnosed one) life.

Alice in Videoland

Alice in Videoland is an electroclash band from Sweden. The band started in 2002. Toril Lindqvist is the singer. 

In 2003 the band released their first album "Maiden Voyage" in Sweden. In 2005 they released their second album "Outrageous!". The band was signed by the American record label Storming The Base. In 2008 the band's third album "She's a Machine!" was released. "She's a Machine" was released as the album's first single. In 2010 the band's fourth album "A Million Thoughts and They're All About You" was released.

Molly Meldrum

Ian Alexander "Molly" Meldrum (born 29 January 1943) is an Australian music critic, journalist, record producer and entrepreneur. He is best known for presenting the popular music program "Countdown" (1974–87). His trademark accessory is his Stetson hat which is commonly mistaken for an Akubra.

Meldrum was born in Orbost, Victoria. He is openly gay. In December 2011, he fell from a ladder in his backyard. After being rushed to The Alfred Hospital, he was placed under intensive care in a sedated state and had surgery for his head injuries. As well as the head injuries, he also had a broken shoulder, broken ribs, a punctured lung and cracked vertebrae.

Space debris

Space debris is the collection of useless objects that are in orbit around Earth, for example broken satellites, empty rocket stages, pieces of metal, and many more. Because of how much space debris there is, collisions happen between space debris and sometimes even operational spacecraft, creating more debris.

Since the start of space programs and the launch of Sputnik 1, NORAD has an active list of all known space launches and objects that are in Earth orbit, including waste parts, for example booster rockets. This is the Space Object Catalog.



Kessler Syndrome

The Kessler syndrome (or Kessler effect, is a cascade effect. It was suggested by NASA scientist Donald J. Kessler in 1978. The scenario occurs when the space pollution is high enough for collisions between objects to occur.

There is a satellite in orbit that is large and inactive, making it count as space debris, but it is in an orbit with a large amount of space debris. Two known objects get within 200m of it every year. This could cause a lot of space debris, inducing a domino effect with more collisions.

Satellite manufacturers must demonstrate that their satellite can safely destroy itself or boost itself into a higher or lower orbit, known as a graveyard orbit, to avoid keeping unused satellites in common orbits for other satellites.


Egon Bahr

Egon Karl-Heinz Bahr (18 March 1922 – 20 August 2015) was a German SPD politician.

During World War II Bahr was expelled from the Wehrmacht because he was partly of Jewish descent.

After the war he worked as a journalist and a diplomat before entering into politics.

Bahr was promoted by West German Chancellor Willy Brandt to serve as Secretary of the Prime Minister's Office from 1969 until 1972. Between 1972 and 1990 he was an MP in the Bundestag of the Federal Republic of Germany and from 1972 until 1976 was also a Minister of the Federal Government.

Robert Sumner

Robert L. Sumner (August 3, 1922 – December 5, 2016) was an American Christian author, Baptist pastor and evangelist. He was the editor of the fundamentalist newspaper "The Biblical Evangelist".

Sumner was born in Norwich, New York. He studied at Norwich High School and Baptist Bible College & Seminary. 

Bijective function

In mathematics, a bijective function or bijection is a function "f" : "A" → "B" that is both an injection and a surjection. This is equivalent to the following statement: for every element "b" in the codomain "B", there is "exactly" one element "a" in the domain "A" such that "f"("a")="b". Another name for bijection is 1-1 correspondence (read "one-to-one correspondence).

The term "bijection" and the related terms "surjection" and "injection" were introduced by Nicholas Bourbaki. In the 1930s, he and a group of other mathematicians published a series of books on modern advanced mathematics.
Formally:
where the element formula_5 is called the image of the element formula_6, and the element formula_6 the pre-image of the element formula_5. 

The formal definition can also be interpreted in two ways: 
Note: Surjection means minimum one pre-image. Injection means maximum one pre-image. So bijection means exactly one pre-image.

Cardinality is the "number" of elements in a set. The cardinality of "A"={X,Y,Z,W} is 4. This can be written as #"A"=4.

By definition, two sets "A" and "B" have the same cardinality if there is a bijection between the sets. So #"A"=#"B" means there is a bijection from A to B.

Bijections and inverse functions are related to each other, in that a bijection is invertible, can be turned into its inverse function by reversing the arrows.

Formally:
Let "f" : "A" → "B" be a bijection. The inverse function "g" : "B" → "A" is defined by if "f"("a")="b", then "g"("b")="a". (See also Inverse function.) 

Note: The notation for the inverse function of "f" is confusing. Namely,

Let "f"("x"):ℝ→ℝ be a real-valued function "y"="f"("x") of a real-valued argument "x". (This means both the input and output are numbers.)
Example: The linear function of a slanted line is a bijection. That is, "y"="ax"+"b" where "a"≠0 is a bijection.

Example: The polynomial function of third degree: "f"("x")="x" is a bijection. Image 2 and image 5 thin yellow curve. Its inverse is the cube root function "f"("x")= ∛"x" and it is also a bijection "f"("x"):ℝ→ℝ. Image 5: thick green curve.

Example: The quadratic function "f"("x") = "x" is not a bijection (from ℝ→ℝ). Image 3. It is not a surjection. It is not an injection. However, we can restrict both its domain and codomain to the set of non-negative numbers (0,+∞) to get an (invertible) bijection (see examples below).
Example: Suppose our function "machine" is "f"("x")="x"². 

Let "f"("x"):"A"→"B" where "A" and "B" are subsets of ℝ.

Example: The quadratic function defined on the restricted domain and codomain [0,+∞)
is a bijection. Image 6: thin yellow curve.

Example: The square root function defined on the restricted domain and codomain [0,+∞) 
is the bijection defined as the inverse function of the quadratic function: "x". Image 6: thick green curve.
is a bijection. Image 4: thin yellow curve ("a"=10).

Example: The logarithmic function base "a" defined on the restricted domain (0,+∞) and the codomain ℝ
is the bijection defined as the inverse function of the exponential function: "a". Image 4: thick green curve ("a"=10).



Parainen

Parainen, "Pargas", is a city in Southwest Finland. About 15,500 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Brändö, Sottunga, Kökar, Kemiönsaari, Sauvo, Kaarina, Turku, Naantali and Kustavi.

It was created as Väståboland on 1 January 2009, when the former municipalities of Pargas, Nagu, Korpo, Houtskär and Iniö were merged into a single municipality.

Most people speak Swedish.

Hans Erni

Hans Erni (21 February 1909 – 21 March 2015) was a Swiss painter, designer and sculptor. He was known for illustrating postage stamps, activism, lithographs for the Swiss Red Cross, and participation on the International Olympic Committee. The Hans Erni Museum, in the grounds of the Swiss Museum of Transport, contains a large collection of artwork.

Erni was born in Lucerne. He was the third of eight children. Ernie died in Lucerne on 21 March 2015 at the age of 106.


Sodankylä

Sodankylä is a municipality in Lapland. Almost 8,890 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Inari, Kemijärvi, Kittilä, Pelkosenniemi, Rovaniemi and Savukoski.

Some villages in Sodankylä are Kersilö, Kierinki, Lismanaapa, Luosto, Torvinen.

Evijärvi

Evijärvi is a municipality in Finland. In January 2014, 2,689 people lived there. The municipalities next to it are Kauhava, Kruunupyy, Lappajärvi, Pedersöre and Veteli.

Historical linguistics

Historical linguistics is the study of language change. It has five main concerns:

Modern historical linguistics dates from the late 18th century. It grew out of the earlier discipline of philology, the study of ancient texts and documents dating back to antiquity.

At first, historical linguistics was comparative linguistics. The focus was on the well-known Indo-European languages, many of which had long written histories. Scholars also studied the Uralic languages, another language family for which less early written material exists.

Since then, there has been linguistic work in non-European languages, such as on the Austronesian languages and various families of Native American languages.

Comparative linguistics is now part of a discipline of historical linguistics. For Indo-European languages, comparative study is now a well-developed field. Most research is being carried out on their later development, such as the development of the modern standard varieties.

Some scholars have done studies attempting to establish super-families. They have, for example, linked Indo-European, Uralic, and other families into Nostratic. Such attempts have not been accepted widely. The information needed to establish relatedness becomes thinner the farther back. The time depth of linguistic methods is limited because of chance word resemblances and variations between language groups. Scholars can trace language changes back to around 10,000 years. The dating of the various proto-languages is also difficult; several methods are available for dating, but only approximate results are possible.

Nostratic

Nostratic is a hypothetical language family which includes many of the present-day language families of Eurasia. The idea is that Nostratic was spoken after the ice sheets melted but before people spread out throughout Europe and Asia.

Many of today's languages are descendants of Nostratic, so it is thought. These include the Indo-European, Uralic, Altaic and Kartvelian languages. The Afroasiatic languages, native to North Africa, the Horn of Africa, the Arabian Peninsula, and the Near East, as well as the Dravidian languages of the Indian subcontinent, are usually included as well.

The name "Nostratic" is derived from the Latin "nostrates", meaning "us" (in other words, fellow countrymen). The idea was expanded in the 1960s by Soviet linguists, called the "Moscovite school" by Bomhard. It has received renewed attention in English-speaking academia since the 1990s.

The hypothesis is controversial and has varying degrees of acceptance amongst linguists worldwide. Some linguists are unsure.

The hypothetical ancestral language of the Nostratic family is called Proto-Nostratic. It would have been spoken between 15,000 and 12,000 BC, in the Epipalaeolithic period, near the end of the last glacial period.


Seligman, Arizona

Seligman () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. The population was 446 at the 2020 census.

Delgadillo's Snow Cap Drive-In is a popular tourist attraction in the town.

Mediant (mathematics)

In mathematics, the mediant of two fractions

is 

It is commonly referred to as the freshman sum, due to it being a common mistake when people learn about the addition of fractions. The operation is between two fractions, therefore the way these fractions are represented influence the mediant. For example, the mediant of 1/1 and 1/2 is 2/3, but the mediant of 2/2 and 1/2 is 3/4, even though the sum of both is 3/2.

Chamaerops

Chamaerops is a genus of flowering plants in the family Arecaceae (palm family). There is one species called Chamaerops humilis (European fan palm, Mediterranean dwarf palm or dwarf fan palm). It is the only palm species native to continental Europe. It is found in coastal areas of southern France, Morocco and Italy. It is a shrub-like clumping palm, with several stems growing from a single base. The stems grow slowly and often tightly together, eventually reaching 2–5 m tall. 

Eurocopter UH-72 Lakota

The Eurocopter UH-72 Lakota is a Franco-German military helicopter design. It is built from the EC145 twin-turboshaft helicopter. It replaces the Bell UH-1 Iroquois in medical flights. The UH-72 can also replace Bell OH-58A & C in communication and observation duties. The helicopter is built in the United States by American Eurocopter, a branch of Eurocopter.


In the US Navy this helicopter is used by US Naval Test Pilot School in support filghts.

Eurocopter EC145

The Eurocopter EC145 is a civil and military twin-turboshaft helicopter. It is built in Germany. It is a modernized variant of the MBB/Kawasaki BK117. It is used for both transport and SAR. The UH-72 Lakota is a military variant for the US Army. The military variants are mainly known as Eurocopter EC645.

Theodore Miller Edison

Theodore Miller Edison (July 10, 1898 – November 24, 1992) was an American inventor and businessman. He was the fourth son of Thomas Edison.

Edison worked for his father's company, Thomas A. Edison, Inc., starting as a lab assistant. He later started his own company, Calibron Industries, Inc. After that, he built his own laboratory in West Orange, New Jersey. He earned over 80 patents in his career.

Alexis Hunter

Alexis Jan Atthill Hunter (4 November 1948 – 24 February 2014) was a contemporary New Zealand painter and photographer. She used feminist theory in her work and was a member of Stuckism.

Hunter was born in Epsom, Auckland. Her and her sister, Alyson, were twins. Her parents were from Australia. She married to Baxter Mitchell from 1986 until her death.

Hunter died from motor neurone disease on 24 February 2014 in London, England. She was 65.


Maurice Faure

Maurice Faure (2 January 1922 – 6 March 2014) was a French politician and diplomat. He was a member of the French Resistance and a minister in several French governments. He was born in Azerat, Dordogne.

Faure died on 6 March 2014 in Cahors, Lot. He was 92 years old.


Manlio Sgalambro

Manlio Sgalambro (9 December 1924 – 6 March 2014) was an Italian philosopher, poet and writer. He wrote poetry between the 1940s until his death. He was born in Lentini, Province of Syracuse.

Sgalambro died on 6 March 2014 in Catania. He was 89 years old.

Shamrock Summit

The Shamrock Summit was a summit meeting that took place in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada during March 1985. It was a meeting between Prime Minister of Canada Brian Mulroney and President of the United States Ronald Reagan. 

It was nicknamed the "Shamrock Summit" because both leaders had an Irish background. The meeting is well known because both leaders began to sing the song "When Irish Eyes are Smiling". The leaders discussed military, environment and free trade issues.

Coleen Gray

Coleen Gray (October 23, 1922 – August 3, 2015) was an American movie, stage and television actress. 

She was known for her roles in "Nightmare Alley", "Kiss of Death", "Red River", and in "The Killing". She began her acting career in 1944. Gray retired in 1988. 

Gray was born in Staplehurst, Nebraska. She studied at Hamlin University. 

Gray was married to Rodney Amateau from 1945 until they divorced in 1949. Then, she was married to William Bidlack from 1953 until his death in 1978. They had a son, Bruce Bidlack. She was last married to Fritz Zeiser from 1979 until his death in 2012. 

Gray died in Los Angeles, California, aged 92.


Naantali

Naantali is a city in Finland. It had 19,000 living there in February 2014. The municipalities next to it are Parainen, Masku, Raisio, Taivassalo and Turku.


Aaron Carter

Aaron Charles Carter (December 7, 1987–November 5, 2022) was an American pop singer. He was born in Tampa, Florida. He became famous in the late 1990s.

Carter started his music career when he was seven years old as the singer of Dead End. He left the band after two years.

Carter performed for the first time on his own in Berlin in March 1997 as the opening act for Backstreet Boys. He was 9 years old. After this he was signed to Edel America. His first album "Aaron Carter" was released in December 1997 in Europe. It was released in the United States on June 16, 1998. 

Carter acted in the 2004 movie "Fat Albert" and "Popstar" in 2005 with the soundtrack "Saturday Night".

Carter had an older brother, Nick, and three sisters, Angel (twin sister), B.J. and Leslie.

On November 5, 2022, Carter died at home at the age of 34.


Alejandro Zaffaroni

Alejandro Zaffaroni (February 27, 1923 – March 1, 2014) was a Uruguayan–American entrepreneur. He is best known for founding several successful biotechnology companies in Silicon Valley. He was born in Montevideo.

Zaffaroni died from complications of dementia on March 1, 2014 at his home in Atherton, California. He was 91 years old.


Martin Nesbitt (politician)

Martin Luther Nesbitt, Jr. (September 25, 1946 – March 6, 2014) was an American Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate. He represented the 49th district (Buncombe County). He was born in Asheville, North Carolina.

Nesbitt died from stomach cancer on March 6, 2014 in his hometown of Asheville, North Carolina. He was 67.

The Stone Roses

The Stone Roses are an English rock band fronted by Ian Brown. It was started in Manchester in 1983. 

In 1989 the band released their first album "The Stone Roses". Seven singles were released from the album which went on to be voted the best British album of all time. 

In 1994 the band released their second album, "Second Coming". In 1996 the band broke up. The band got back together in 2011. On May 21, 2012 the band announced a reunion tour and performed for the first time in 16 years. In 2013 a documentary called "The Stone Roses: Made of Stone" was released. 

The band split up for a second time in 2017.


Folland Gnat

The Folland Gnat is a British fighter aircraft. It was also used as a training aircraft. The Folland Gnat is a single-turbojet aircraft. It is completely made of metal. The Gnat was used by RAF's Red Arrows as a team plane. Finland also used it. In India the aircraft company Hindustan Aeronautics Limited built this aircraft as HAL Ajeet.

IAR-99

The IAR-99 is a military training jet aircraft. It was designed and built in Romania by IAR (Industria Aeronautică Română). The IAR-99 was flown for the first time in 1985. It is used only by the Romanian Air Force.


Arado Ar 234

The Arado Ar 234 was the first twin-turbojet bomber in the world. It was designed and built by the Arado company in Nazi Germany. The Ar 234 was used by the German Air Force (the "Luftwaffe") near the end of World War II. It was flown for the first time in 1943.

Boeing C-40 Clipper

The Boeing C-40 Clipper is a military of the Boeing 737-700C. It is used by the US Air Force and the US Navy. Only 19 versions have been built. The C-40A version is built for the US Navy. It is used to provide logistics support. The C-40A is capable of carrying 121 passengers, cargo, or cargo and passengers. The C-40B is the US Air Force model. It is designed to be an "office in the sky" for senior military and government leaders.

Chernóbil, la noche del fin del mundo

Chernóbil, la noche del fin del mundo () is a Spanish documentary. It was produced by Plural Entertainment. It is hosted by Iker Jiménez and his partner and wife, Carmen Porter.

The documentary is about the 1986 Chornobyl disaster. It was broadcast for the first time on 11 June 2008 at Yelmo Islazul cinemas in Madrid.

Luis Villoro

Luis Villoro Toranzo (3 November 1922 – 5 March 2014) was a Spanish–Mexican philosopher, researcher, university professor, diplomat, academic and writer. He published more than ten books between 1950 and 2007. He was born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.

Villoro died from respiratory failure on 5 March 2014 in Mexico City. He was 91 years old.


Welsh English

Welsh English (or Wenglish) () is a mixture of Welsh and English. It is mainly spoken by people in Wales. There are also (the use of different words and grammar) of Welsh English spoken in different parts of Wales. This is in addition to the several different accents that are used throughout Wales.

Lappajärvi

Lappajärvi is a municipality in Finland. It had 3,310 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Evijärvi, Kauhava, Lapua, Veteli and Vimpeli.

Mynkelinmäki, Nissi, Itäkylä, Savonkylä, Tarvola and Karvala.


Eye contact

Eye contact occurs when "two people look at each other's eyes at the same time".

Eye contact is a form of nonverbal communication. It is a meaningful sign of social communication, but exactly what it means depends on the situation. The customs and significance of eye contact vary widely between cultures, with religious and social differences often altering its meaning greatly.

Eye contact and facial expressions give social and emotional information. People, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs. Sometimes, the meeting of eyes arouses strong emotions.

Eye contact is also an important element in flirting, where it may serve to establish and gauge the other's interest in some situations.

In traditional societies, the role of women is usually very different from men. So, women lower their eyes, and do not to look directly at a man's face. Lustful glances at the opposite sex, young or adult, are forbidden.

Another social difference is that of status. Japanese children are taught in school to direct their gaze at the region of their teacher's Adam's apple or tie knot. As adults, Japanese lower their eyes when speaking to a superior as a gesture of respect.

In many cultures, such as East Asia and Nigeria, it is respectful not to look the dominant person in the eye, but in Western culture this can be interpreted as being "shifty-eyed", or untrustworthy.

Lexington, Massachusetts

Lexington is a city in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. Its population in the 2020 census was 34,454. It is famous for being the place where the American Revolutionary War began, with the Battle of Lexington on April 19, 1775.

Hellmuth Walter

Hellmuth Walter (26 August 1900 in Wedel near Hamburg – 16 December 1980 in Upper Montclair, New Jersey) was a German engineer. He pioneered research into rocket engines and gas turbines. 

His most noteworthy contributions were rocket motors for the Messerschmitt Me 163 and Bachem Ba 349 fighter planes. He designed JATO (jet-assisted take-off) units for various Luftwaffe aircraft during World War II, and a revolutionary new propulsion system for submarines known as air-independent propulsion (AIP).

In 1945 he got the Knight's Cross for his work. After the war he worked for the Royal Navy and in America. Finally, in 1956, he founded the company Hellmuth Walter GmbH in Kiel. In 1967 he built a civilian submarine, STINT, with Walter propulsion.

Kronoby

Kronoby () is a municipality in Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had about 6,700 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Evijärvi, Kaustinen, Kokkola, Luoto, Pedersöre and Veteli. 

The municipality was established in 1607.


Kaustinen

Kruunupyy is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 4,293 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Halsua, Kokkola, Kruunupyy and Veteli.

The municipality was established in 1868.


Instagram

Instagram (sometimes shortened to Insta or IG) is an online photo and video sharing social networking service. It allows users to take pictures and videos, add digital filters to them and share them to their followers. They can then share them on a variety of social networking services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, and Flickr.

Until 2015, Instagram confined photos to a square shape, similar to Kodak Instamatic and Polaroid images. This was different than the 4:3 typically used by digital cameras. Users were able to share very short videos. In 2017, the length limit was raised to ten minutes.
Instagram was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger. When Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger talked to famous NY Photographer Peter Parker, a photographer for the Daily Bugle, Systrom and Krieger were inspired to make an app just for photography. It was released on October 6, 2010.

As of December 2021, Cristiano Ronaldo is the most followed person on Instagram.

Guy Lafleur

Guy Damien Lafleur OC, CQ (September 20, 1951 – April 22, 2022) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. Lafleur became the first player in the National Hockey League to score 50 goals and 100 points in six straight seasons. Lafleur spent 17 seasons in the NHL, playing for the Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers and Quebec Nordiques. During his time in the NHL, he won five Stanley Cups. He went by the nicknames "The Flower" and "The Demon Blond".

He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1988.

Lafleur died on April 22, 2022 in Montreal, Canada from lung cancer, aged 70.

Halsua

Halsua is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 1,233 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kaustinen, Kokkola, Lestijärvi, Perho and Veteli.

Halsua was established 1868.

Many swamps cover the municipality's area, up to 60%.


Daniel Sturridge

Daniel Andre Sturridge (born 1 September 1989) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker and is now a television pundit for Sky Sports.

Chelsea

Liverpool

Individual

Battle of Glorieta Pass

The Battle of Glorieta Pass was a battle during the American Civil War. It was fought in New Mexico Territory on 28 March 1862. It was one of the farthest west battles of the war. There was a skirmish (or minor battle between small groups) on March 26. This was between scouting parties from each army. The main battle took place on March 28. The Confederates were able to push the Union force back through the pass. However, the Confederates had to when their supply train was destroyed and most of their horses were run off. Eventually, the Confederates had to leave the territory and return to Texas. 

The Battle of Glorieta Pass: A Shattered Dream, "National Park Service" 

Bugsy Siegel

Benjamin Siegel (February 28, 1906 – June 20, 1947) was an American mobster with the Luciano crime family. He was Jewish.

Siegel was a sociopath who had a criminal record for rape, robbery and murder. Siegel was one of the founders and leaders of Murder, Inc. and became a bootlegger during Prohibition. After Prohibition was repealed in 1933, he turned to gambling. He was one of the key people in the rise of Las Vegas in the 1940s.

Warren Beatty starred as Siegel in the 1991 movie of his life, Bugsy. Siegel was the model for the character Moe Greene in "The Godfather" (Godfather part I).

Mid Suffolk

Mid Suffolk is a local government district of Suffolk in the East of England. It was formed on 1 April 1974. It has 122 parishes and towns. In 2011, 97,100 people lived there.

Parliamentary republic

A parliamentary republic is a name for a government. The system is used in many countries.

In a parliamentary system, the legislature is the part of government that makes laws. The legislature also gives power to the executive (the part of government that enforces laws). This is the basic form of a parliamentary republic. The difference is how the legislature gets its power. The legislature is not chosen by a ruler or by birth. The people choose the legislature in an election. This means that the executives get their power from the legislature, but the legislature gets its power from the people.

The people choose the legislature. There are many people in the legislature. That group then gets together to choose one person to be their leader. The leader is often part of the legislature. The name for this job is Prime Minister in most countries. The Prime Minister is the head of government. This person leads the country. This way, the people are the power behind the parliamentary republic. They choose the units that make government work. 

This is different from other parliamentary systems because the legislature is chosen in a different way. In other parliamentary systems, members are chosen by the head of state, the local leaders, or by birth. In a parliamentary republic, the people choose the members. The people do this through elections. Sometimes they vote for every person in parliament. Other times they vote for people in their area. The politicians they elect go to parliament to make laws and select the head of state. This gives the people power to decide who is in government. 

Chicagoland (TV series)

"Chicagoland" is a documentary series based in Chicago, Illinois. It is produced by Robert Redford. Its pilot episode was premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19. It was aired on CNN on March 6, 2014. The documentary is about the problems facing both the city and its mayor Rahm Emanuel. The series ended on April 24, 2014.

Nicolaas Bloembergen

Nicolaas "Nico" Bloembergen (March 11, 1920 – September 5, 2017) was a Dutch-American physicist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1981. 

He won the award with Arthur Schawlow and Kai Siegbahn. He won the prize for his works in laser spectroscopy.

Bloembergen was born in Dordrecht, Netherlands. He studied at Leiden University and at the University of Utrecht. Bloembergen became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1951.

Yulia Lipnitskaya

Yulia Lipnitskaya (; born on 5 June 1998) is a Russian figure skater. She is a 2014 Olympic champion in the figure skating team event, the 2014 World Championships silver medalist, the 2014 European champion, the 2013/14 Grand Prix Final silver medalist, the 2012 World Junior champion.


Francis George

Francis Eugene George OMI (January 16, 1937 – April 17, 2015) was an American cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was the eighth Archbishop of Chicago. George resigned in September 2014 because of health issues. Blase J. Cupich succeeded him. From 2007 to 2010, he was President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.

George was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was diagnosed with bladder cancer in 2012. George died in Chicago from the disease at the age of 78.

Harrison Dillard

William Harrison "Bones" Dillard (July 8, 1923 – November 15, 2019) was an American track and field athlete. He was the only male so far to win Olympic titles in both sprinting and hurdling events. 

Dillard was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at East Technical High School and at Baldwin-Wallace College. Dillard died of stomach cancer in Cleveland on November 15, 2019 at the age of 96.

The Hunger Games

The Hunger Games may refer to:

Fred Phelps

Fred Waldron Phelps Sr. (November 13, 1929 – March 19, 2014) was an American pastor, civil rights activist and disbarred lawyer. He was born in Meridian, Mississippi. He is best known for heading the Westboro Baptist Church (WBC), an independent Baptist church based in Topeka, Kansas. He was often called "the most hated man in America".

On September 3, 1935, when Phelps was five years old, his mother died of esophageal cancer. After the death of their mother, Phelps and his younger sister were raised by their great-aunt Irene Jordan in Meridian. In 1950, Jordan died in a car accident. On December 25, 1944, Phelps' father married Olive Briggs, and Phelps and his sister were raised by their father and stepmother in Meridian.

Phelps earned a law degree from Washburn University in 1964. He started the Phelps Chartered law firm. In 1989 Phelps' legal career ended.

Phelps was a member of the Democratic Party.

Phelps died from congestive heart failure on the morning of March 19, 2014 in Topeka, Kansas. He was 84 years old.


Flight of the Conchords

Flight of the Conchords is a New Zealand comedy duo. They consist of Bret McKenzie and Jemaine Clement. Together they are actors, comedians and musicians. Their work spawned a BBC radio series and then a HBO television program "Flight of the Conchords" (2007–09).

The group was formed in Wellington during 1998.


Jemaine Clement

Jemaine Atea Mahana Clement (born 10 January 1974) is a New Zealand comedian, actor and musician. He is best known as one half of the Grammy Award-winning comedy duo Flight of the Conchords with Bret McKenzie. He has starred in movies such as "Gentlemen Broncos" (2009), "Rio" (2011), "Men in Black 3" (2012), "The BFG" and "Moana" (both 2016).

Clement was born in Masterton, Wellington Region. He is of Māori ancestry. He has a son with his wife, theatre actress and playwright Miranda Manasiadis.

Geneva Summit (1985)

The Geneva Summit of 1985 was a meeting in Geneva, Switzerland. It was held on November 19 and 20, 1985. It was between U.S. president Ronald Reagan and Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev. 

The two leaders met for the first time. They met to hold talks about not to use nuclear weapons and to seek a partnership between the United States and the Soviet Union.

Moscow Summit (1988)

The Moscow Summit was a summit meeting between U.S. President of the United States Ronald Reagan and General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev. 

It was held on May 25 through June 3, 1988. The summit was held in order to seek peace and to ban nuclear weapon use between the Soviet Union and the United States. The treaty they signed was the INF Treaty.

Washington Summit (1987)

The Washington Summit of 1987 was Cold War-era summit meeting between U.S. president Ronald Reagan and General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev. It took place between December 8-10 in Washington, D.C.. 

Reagan and Gorbachev talked about problems in Afghanistan, Central America, and South Africa, arms control problems for chemical weapons, the status of START agreements, and human rights. 

Reagan achieved the signing of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty during the summit.

Ristijärvi

Ristijärvi is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had 1,434 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Puolanka, Hyrynsalmi, Kuhmo, Sotkamo, and Paltamo.


Lapua

Lapua is a city in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had almost 14,700 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Kauhava, Kuortane, Lappajärvi and Seinäjoki.


Vesilahti

Vesilahti is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. It had about 4,4800 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Akaa, Lempäälä, Nokia, Pirkkala, Sastamala and Urjala.


Pirkkala

Pirkkala is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. It had about 18,500 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Tampere, Nokia, Lempäälä, and Vesilahti. Pirkkala has been growing fast but doesn't yet have the status of a town or city.


Tamás Nádas

Tamás Nádas (20 March 1969 – 7 March 2014) was a Hungarian pilot and air racer. He was born in Kiskunlacháza, Hungary.

Nádas was killed when his plane crashed during an inverted (upside down) flyover at the Al Khor Airport in Al Khor, Qatar. He was 44 years old.

Victor Shem-Tov

Victor Shem-Tov (, ; 1 February 1915 – 8 March 2014) was an Israeli politician. He was minister without portfolio from 1969 to 1970, minister of health from 27 July 1970 to 20 June 1977, and also minister of welfare and social services from 3 June 1974 to 29 October 1974.

Shem-Tov was born in Samokov, Bulgaria and mostly lived in the capital Sofia. In 1939, at the age of 24, he made aliyah. The same year he joined Hashomer Hatzair.

Shem-Tov died on 8 March 2014. He was 99 years old.


Deepika Padukone

Deepika Padukone (; born 5 January 1986) is a Indian movie actress and model. She is one of the highest-paid Indian celebrities; she has established a career in Bollywood movies, and is the recipient of two Filmfare Awards. She has been married to Ranveer Singh since 2018.

Deepika Padukone was born on 5 January 1986 in Copenhagen, Denmark to Konkani-speaking parents. Her father, Prakash, is a former badminton player of international repute, and her mother, Ujjala, is a travel agent. Her younger sister, Anisha, is a golfer. Her paternal grandfather, Ramesh, was a secretary of the Mysore Badminton Association. The family relocated to Bangalore, India, when Padukone was a year old. She was educated at Bangalore's Sophia High School, and completed her pre-university education at Mount Carmel College. She subsequently enrolled at the Indira Gandhi National Open University for a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology, but later quit it due to scheduling conflicts with her modelling career.

Padukone's first screen appearance was in Himesh Reshammiya's music video "Naam Hai Tera" in 2005. Padukone made her film debut by playing the titular protagonist in the Kannada film "Aishwarya" (2006). Her first Hindi film release came the following year with Farah Khan's melodrama "Om Shanti Om", in which she played dual roles opposite Shah Rukh Khan. For her performance, she won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut and also received a Best Actress nomination at the same ceremony. Her sole film role in 2008 was as one of Ranbir Kapoor's love interests in "Bachna Ae Haseeno".

Padukone's first film release of 2009, the kung fu comedy "Chandni Chowk to China" opposite Akshay Kumar, proved to be a box office flop. However, her next release, Imtiaz Ali's romance "Love Aaj Kal" grossed worldwide, and garnered her a second Best Actress nomination at Filmfare. Padukone had five film releases in 2010. Her second comedy film in that year, "Housefull" was a commercial success, though her other four releases ("Karthik Calling Karthik", "Lafangey Parindey", "Break Ke Baad", and "Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey") that year failed at the box office. The series of poorly received films continued with both her 2011 releases, the drama "Aarakshan" and the comedy "Desi Boyz".

The role of an impulsive party-girl in Homi Adajania's "Cocktail" (2012) proved to be a breakthrough for Padukone. Critics praised her performance and she received several acting nominations for it. The year 2013 was key for Padukone; three of her four releases that year earned over in India. Among these were two of the highest-grossing Bollywood films of all timethe romantic comedy "Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani" and the action-comedy "Chennai Express". She also won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress for portraying Leela, a character based on Juliet, in "Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela" (2013). In 2014, Padukone appeared in "Kochadaiiyaan", an animation film in Tamil, which was shot using motion capture technology. Also that year, she played a young widow in Adajania's "Finding Fanny" and a bar dancer in the ensemble heist film "Happy New Year". The following year, Padukone starred alongside Amitabh Bachchan and Irrfan Khan in Shoojit Sircar's critically acclaimed comedy-drama "Piku" (2015).


Jeremy Thorpe

John Jeremy Thorpe (29 April 1929 – 4 December 2014) was a British Liberal politician.

Thorpe was born in South Kensington, London, the son of former Conservative Member of Parliament John Henry Thorpe. He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Oxford. He was the MP for North Devon from 1959 until 1979. He was leader of his party from 1967 until 1976.

In 1979 at the Central Criminal Court in London, Thorpe was acquitted of conspiracy to murder model Norman Scott.

In 1961, Norman Scott (b. 12 February 1940), a former model, met Thorpe while working as a stable lad. He claimed that he and Thorpe had a sexual relationship between 1961 and 1963, when homosexual acts were illegal in Britain.

Enquiries led to Thorpe and three others being charged with conspiracy to murder Scott. During the investigation, an antique firearms collector, Dennis Meighan, confessed he had been hired by a representative of a person called "a Mr Big in the Liberal Party" to kill Scott for £13,500. Meighan later claimed that his 1975 oral confession was significantly shortened when it was offered to him for signing: "I read the statement, which did me no end of favours, but it did Jeremy Thorpe no end of favours as well, because it left him completely out of it..." 

The judge's summing-up was widely criticised for its bias, and it made headlines when he described Scott as "a crook, an accomplished liar ... a fraud". The four defendants were all acquitted on 22 June 1979. Dennis Meighan was never called to give evidence and remained silent until 2014, when he acknowledged his involvement and commented: "It was a cover-up, no question, but it suited me fine".

The Scott Affair ruined Thorpe, who resigned as leader of the Liberal Party, and was defeated at the next general election in 1979.

Thorpe was married to Caroline Allpass from 1968 until she was killed in a car crash in 1970. The couple's son was born in 1969. Thorpe was married to pianist Marion Stein (1926-2014) from 1973 until her death. Thorpe was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died from the disease in London on 4 December 2014, aged 85.

Bristol Belvedere

The Bristol Belvedere was a British helicopter used for military transport. It was a tandem-rotor (2 rotor) aircraft with two turboshafts. 

Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water

Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water is the third studio album by American nu metal band, Limp Bizkit. "Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water" was released on October 17, 2000.

The album debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 and sold 1.05 million copies in its first week which made it the fastest-selling rock album ever, breaking the record which was held for 7 years by Pearl Jam's Vs. The album was also the 18th best-selling album of the 2000s in the US.

The album featured the singles "My Generation", "Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)", "Take a Look Around", "Boiler", and "My Way".

Significant Other (album)

Significant Other is the second studio album by American nu metal band, Limp Bizkit. "Significant Other" was released on June 22, 1999.

The album featured the singles "Nookie", "Re-Arranged", "N 2 Gether Now", and "Break Stuff".

The band performed at Woodstock '99. When they performed, the crowd turned violent especially when the band performed the song "Break Stuff". Many several sexual assaults were reported in the aftermath of the concert. Durst announced during the concert that "People are getting hurt. Don't let anybody get hurt. But I don't think you should mellow out. That's what Alanis Morissette had you motherfuckers do. If someone falls, pick 'em up. We already let the negative energy out. Now we wanna let out the positive energy". Durst later said in an interview, "I didn't see anybody getting hurt. You don't see that. When you're looking out on a sea of people and the stage is twenty feet in the air and you're performing, and you're feeling your music, how do they expect us to see something bad going on?".

Three Dollar Bill, Y'all

Three Dollar Bill, Y'all$ is the debut studio album by American nu metal band, Limp Bizkit. "Three Dollar Bill, Y'all$" was released on July 1, 1997.

The album featured the singles "Counterfeit", "Sour", and a cover of George Michaels' song "Faith". Guitarist Wes Borland said in an interview that George Michael hated Limp Bizkit's cover and "hates us for doing it".

The album had attracted controversy when Interscope Records paid a Portland, Oregon radio station $5,000 to play the single "Counterfeit" fifty times which attracted criticism of "payola" toward both the band and the label.

Vyond

Vyond (formerly GoAnimate) is an American cloud-based web service. It is for making and posting animated videos online. It was founded by Alvin Hung on November 1st, 2007.

Vyond allows users to make narrative videos, in which characters speak with lip synching and move around. Users can also make video presentations with voices. The program lets the user select backgrounds, and place objects in a scene. 

The service has multiple prices based on subscription level. Some are aimed for use by businesses, others in schools, and others for a single person to use. There is a basic free version also.

At first, GoAnimate was powered by Adobe Flash. Back then, it had multiple theme styles, each with their own objects and different kinds of characters. In October 2015, Vyond announced it was migrating to HTML5 starting on January 4, 2016.

Convair R3Y Tradewind

The Convair R3Y Tradewind is a US military flying boat. It was first flown in 1954. The R3Y was used by Squadron VR-2 of the US Navy. It has four engines. The front of the R3Y-2 would open for loading and it had a high cockpit. It was intended to be taxied (moved in the water) to a beach like a . But pilots found it too hard to control.

Shaanxi KJ-200

The Shaanxi KJ-200 is a Chinese military aircraft. It is designed to be an Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft. It is a of the Y-8 transport aircraft. There are 3 examples in service in China.


Tachikawa Ki-36

The Tachikawa Ki-36 was a single-engine light attack aircraft. It was flown by Japan during World War II. The Ki-36 was first flown in 1938. It was not very fast having a top speed of only 217 mph.

The End (novel)

The End is the thirteenth and last book in the series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket. The book was released on Friday, October 13, 2006.

It reveals many secrets including the real meaning of V.F.D.; the secret organisation. It tells what is hidden in the famous Sugar Bowl.

Dara Ó Briain

Dara Ó Briain (; born 4 February 1972) is an Irish comedian and television presenter. He is best known for hosting panel shows such as "The Panel" (2003–2011), "Mock the Week" (2005–present), "" (2012–present) and "" (2006–present). He has also been on "Don't Feed the Gondolas" (1997–2001), "Three Men in a Boat" (2006–2011), "Have I Got News for You" (1990–present), "QI" (2003–present), "Stargazing Live" (2011–present), "Dara Ó Briain's Science Club" (2012–2013) and "" (2012–2014).

Ó Briain was born in Bray, County Wicklow. He has two children with his wife, Susan, a surgeon. They live in London, England.


Graham Norton

Graham William Walker (born 4 April 1963), better known by his stage name Graham Norton, is an Irish actor, comedian and television presenter. He is best known for hosting "So Graham Norton" (1998–2002), "V Graham Norton" (2002–03), "The Graham Norton Effect" (2004), "Graham Norton's Bigger Picture" (2004–05) and "The Graham Norton Show" (2007–present).

In the United Kingdom, he is known for being the UK commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest.

Norton was born in Clondalkin, Dublin and grew up in Bandon, County Cork. He comes from a Protestant family. He is openly gay.


Baarle

Baarle, legally consists of two towns Baarle-Nassau, is a town in the Netherlands.

During the twelfth century the area was swampland. In 1198 Hendrik I, the Duke of Brabant made over some of the land to Godfried of Schoten, the Lord of Breda. Hendrick kept the lands that were paying him a rent. The area that Hendrick kept is now part of Belgium. The area that was given to Gotfried is now in the Netherlands. The title "Lord of Breda" is now held by Willem-Alexander, king of the Netherlands. The title, "Duke of Brabant" is now a courtesy title of the heir to the Belgian throne.

Baarle-Hertog and Baarle-Nassau each have a burgermeester (mayor). Each town has its own elected town council and each has a police station. Each town has its own church. In some areas the two town councils can cooperate. They have set up a joint council to look after things like electricity, water and gas supplies, highway maintenance and refuse collection. 

Both councils also fund a joint cultural centre that houses a combined library. The cultural centre has two official entrances. The international border passes through the building. The Dutch entrance is at 7 Pastoor de Katerstraat. The Belgian entrance is at 5 Pastoor de Katerstraat. The tourist office is affiliated to both the Dutch and the Belgian tourist boards. 

Dutch trading law applies to the Dutch parts of the town. Belgian trading laws apply to the Belgian parts of the town. Difference in the laws have encouraged smuggling. After the Second World War many people smuggled butter from the Netherlands into Belgium. In modern times many people buy fireworks in Belgium and smuggle them into the Netherlands. 

Tethys

Tethys can refer to:


Malaysia Airlines Flight 370

Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 (MH370) is a missing Malaysia Airlines international passenger flight. The aircraft had 227 passengers and twelve crew members on board.

Flight 370 left Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, at 00:41 on 8 March 2014 (MST; UTC+8) for a scheduled six-hour flight to Beijing Capital International Airport. Subang Air Traffic Control Centre lost contact with the plane at about 01:22, while it was over the Gulf of Thailand. It was reported missing at 02:40.
The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation investigated to see if terrorism was involved. Two passengers, one from Austria and another one from Italy, were named on the manifest but they were discovered not to have been on board. Their passports had been stolen. Malaysian authorities found identity of two other passengers to be false.
On 24 March 2014, officials with both Malaysia Airlines and the Malaysian government stated that while the aircraft's whereabouts were still not known, "unparalleled" analyses by the United Kingdom's and UK satellite company indicated that it had crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. It was presumed by these officials that all 239 people aboard died. 

SAAB S-100

The SAAB S-100 is a Swedish military aircraft. It is designed to be an AWACS aircraft. It was built form the SAAB 340's airliner.

Tethys Ocean

The Tethys Ocean, also called the Tethys Sea or the Neo-Tethys, was a prehistoric ocean during much of the Mesozoic Era and early Cenozoic Era, located between the ancient continents of Gondwana and Laurasia, before the opening of the Indian and Atlantic oceans during the Cretaceous Period. 

The Tethys Ocean existed between the continents of Gondwana and Laurasia during much of the Mesozoic era. Several smaller versions have existed down to the present day. Today's Black Sea, Caspian Sea, and Aral Sea are remnants of the Tethys Ocean. 

This is a list of names which have been used for different stages of the Tethys:

Freedom in the World

Freedom in the World is a yearly survey and report by U.S.-based Freedom House. It attempts to measure the degree of democracy and political freedom in every nation and territory around the world.

Hornchurch

Hornchurch is a suburban area in the London Borough of Havering in east London.

Nord N-262

The Nord N-262 is a civilian and military aircraft. It was a twin-turboprop. It was built by Société Nationale de Construction Aéronautique du Nord, also known as Nord. It was built in all-metal. It flown for the first time in 1962.





Punjab States Agency

The Punjab States Agency was a political office of the British Indian Empire. The agency was created in the 1930s, on the model of the Central India Agency and Rajputana Agency. It dealt with forty princely states in northwest India. formerly dealt with by the British province of the Punjab province. The Punjab Hill States agency was created from it in 1936. 

After 1947, most of the states agreed to join the Union of India. The rest joined the Dominion of Pakistan.

Rye, East Sussex

Rye is a small town of about 4,500 people in Rother, East Sussex, England. Rye's postcode is TN31.

Chandragupta I

Chandra Gupta was a major king of the Gupta Empire around 320 AD. He is generally considered the founder of the Gupta dynasty. He made alliances with many powerful families in the Ganges region.

Juankoski

Juankoski is a town in Northern Savonia, Finland. About 5,000 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Juuka, Kaavi, Kuopio, Rautavaara and Tuusniemi. Since 2017, it was merged into the city of Kuopio.


Shraddha Kapoor

Shraddha Kapoor is an Indian actress and singer who appears in Hindi movies of Bollywood. Shraddha made her career in 2010 alongside Amitabh Bachchan in "Teen Patti". She gained wide recognition for playing a singer in the commercially successful romantic drama film "Aashiqui 2" (2013), which was starred by Aditya Roy Kapur.

Lavia

Lavia is a municipality in Satakunta, Finland. About 1,900 people lived there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kankaanpää, Kokemäki, Pori, Pomarkku, Sastamala and Ulvila. 

The designer of Finish Euro coin comes from Lavia. 


Painkiller (Judas Priest album)

Painkiller is the twelfth studio album by British heavy metal band, Judas Priest. "Painkiller" was released on 3 September 1990.

The album featured the singles "Painkiller", "A Touch of Evil", and "Night Crawler".

The album was the first to feature drummer Scott Travis who replaced Dave Holland. It was also the last album to feature Rob Halford who left the band after the tour of the album because of growing tensions within the band. Halford returned in 2003. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance at the 33rd Annual Grammy Awards in 1991 but lost to Metallica's cover of "Stone Cold Crazy".

Ram It Down

Ram It Down is the eleventh studio album by British heavy metal band, Judas Priest. "Ram It Down" was released on 17 May 1988.

The album featured the singles "Johnny B. Goode", a cover of the Chuck Berry song, "Ram It Down/Heavy Metal", "Blood Red Skies", and "I'm a Rocker".

It was the last album to feature drummer Dave Holland who was replaced by Scott Travis. It was also the last album to feature producer Tom Allom. Allom returned to co-produce in 2009. Halford said that "'Ram It Down' is a harder song, from the "British Steel" time."

Defenders of the Faith

Defenders of the Faith is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest. "Defenders of the Faith" was released on January 4, 1984.

The album featured the singles "Freewheel Burning", "Some Heads Are Gonna Roll" and "Love Bites".

The song "Eat Me Alive" was listed #3 on the Parents Music Resource Center's "Filthy Fifteen" which is a list of 15 songs the organization finds most objectionable. The co-founder Tipper Gore said that the song was about oral sex at gunpoint. In response to the allegations, the band recorded the song "Parental Guidance" on their next album "Turbo".

Benjamin Franklin Butler

Benjamin Franklin Butler was an American politician and political general during the American Civil War. He was born in New Hampshire in 1818. He became a lawyer in 1840. During the Civil War, he was one of the first generals in the Union Army. He also didn't return escaped slaves to their masters, claiming that they were . After the war, he was governor of Massachusetts from January 1883 to January 1884. He died in 1893.

Irvin McDowell

Irvin McDowell was a Union general during the American Civil War. He was born in 1818 in Ohio. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1838. He fought in the Mexican-American War. At the start of the Civil War, he became a brigadier general and commanded the Union army in the First Battle of Bull Run. He was blamed for the Union defeat in the battle. He then commanded a corps in the Second Battle of Bull Run. After that battle, he was sent to command the U.S. soldiers in California. He retired from the army in 1882. He helped build parks in San Francisco, California until he died in 1885.

John Schofield

John Schofield was a Union general in the American Civil War. He was born in 1831 in Ohio. He graduated from the United States Military Acadamy in 1853. He fought mostly in the Western Theater of the Civil War. After the war, he was Secretary of War from June 1868 to March 1869. He was the commanding general of the U.S. army from 1888 to 1895, when he retired. He died in 1905.

Appomattox Campaign

The Appomattox Campaign was a military campaign during the American Civil War. It happened in 1865 in Virginia. At the start of the campaign from March 30–April 1, 1865, Union general U.S. Grant captured Petersburg, Virginia. Confederate general Robert E. Lee tried to get the Army of Northern Virginia moved to North Carolina, so he could fight along with other Confederate soldiers. But Grant surrounded Lee's army at Appomattox Courthouse and forced Lee to surrender. After Lee's surrender, other Confederate armies started to surrender too.

Military campaign

A military campaign is a series of battles or operations in a particular area within a certain period of time. Usually, one army is trying to capture the area from another army. A war may have several campaigns.

The Free Lance–Star

The Free Lance–Star is a newspaper based in Fredericksburg, Virginia. The newspaper is published daily and serves many counties surrounding Fredericksburg.

"The Free Lance" was first published on January 27, 1885. In 1900, the "Free Lance" operation merged with its competitor, "The Fredericksburg Daily Star". The two merged newspapers changed the name to "The Free Lance–Star".


Chewbacca

Chewbacca is a fictional character in "Star Wars". Chewbacca is portrayed by Peter Mayhew. Chewbacca is a Wookiee, a fictional species of bipeds in the "Star Wars" universe.

Utatsusaurus

Utatsusaurus is the earliest-known form of an ichthyopterygian. It lived in the earliest Lower Triassic period, about 250245 millions years ago. It is nearly 3m (about 9 feet) long with a slender body. 

The name "Utatsusaurus" was given after the city Utatsu-cho where the first specimen was found. The fossils have been found in the Lower Triassic of Miyagi Prefecture, Japan and British Columbia, Canada.

"Utatsusaurus" is one of the most primitive (basal) types of ichthyosaur. It has transitional features between its ancestral land-dwelling forms and the more derived ichthyosaurs. Unlike the more advanced ichthyosaurs, "Utatsusaurus" has no dorsal fin and has a broad skull. The snout gently tapers, compared to the more rounded one of more derived ichthyopterygians. The tail had a long low fin, quite different from the tail shape of later forms. This suggests that the animal swam by undulation, waving its body to & fro, rather than using its paddles and tail.

The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami destroyed the local museum, but fortunately the specimens were not there at the time.

Fried egg

A fried egg is an egg fried as food. You can remove the yolk by rubbing garlic clove on your finger, and that will allow you to pick up the egg. It's pretty cool. I also don't like fried eggs, they taste nasty.

Paco Peña

Paco Peña (born 1 June 1942) is a Spanish flamenco composer and guitarist. He is regarded as one of the world's foremost traditional Flamenco players.

Born in Córdoba, Spain as Francisco Peña Pérez, Paco Peña began learning to play the guitar from his brother at age 6 and made his first professional appearance at 12. Encouraged by his family, he left home and began performing throughout Spain as part of a government-sponsored folk music and dance program. This led to calls from professional Flamenco companies in Madrid and the Costa Brava, where Peña established himself as a highly regarded accompanist to Flamenco dance and singing. 

Seeking a new challenge, he moved to London he become a soloist in the late 1960s. Initially the star attraction in the Restaurante Antonio in Covent Garden, Peña got so much interest that he soon found himself sharing concerts with stars. He made his solo debut at Wigmore Hall in 1967. It was not long before Peña was touring the world, both as a soloist and an accompanist with performances at Carnegie Hall in New York City, the Royal Albert Hall in London and the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam. 

He founded the world's first university course on flamenco guitar, at the Rotterdam conservatory of music. In 1984 Peña was interviewed by Julian Bream for the Channel 4 television series "Guitarra!" which traces the development of the guitar in Spain.

Gerard Mortier

Gerard Alfons August, Baron Mortier (25 November 1943 – 8 March 2014) was a Belgian opera director and administrator. He was the general director of La Monnaie/De Munt (1981–91) and of the Salzburg Festival of Salzburg, Austria (1990–2001). He was born in Ghent and was Flemish.

Mortier died from pancreatic cancer on 8 March 2014 in Brussels. He was 70 years old.

Richard Phillips

Richard Phillips (born May 16, 1955) is an American merchant mariner and author. He served as captain of the MV "Maersk Alabama" during its hijacking by Somali pirates in April 2009. He was played by Tom Hanks in the 2013 movie "Captain Phillips.

Phillips was born in Winchester, Massachusetts. He was raised in Vermont.

Maersk Alabama hijacking

The "Maersk Alabama" hijacking it was a hijacking of the "Maersk Alabama" sea ship in 2009. It was hijacked by four pirates in the Indian Ocean. It was southeast of Eyl, Somalia. The four pirates soon took its captain, Richard Phillips, as hostage on the "Maersk Alabama's" lifeboat.

The hijacking ended after a rescue effort by the U.S. Navy on 12 April 2009, by shooting three of the four pirates. The leader of the attack was in the USS "Bainbridge" looking for a ransom agreement. He was arrested on site. The pirates wanted a ransom of 10 million dollars. Only three people died (all were the hijackers) during the attack.

The book "A Captain's Duty: Somali Pirates, Navy SEALs, and Dangerous Days at Sea" (2010) by Stephan Talty and Captain Richard Phillips was published soon afterwards. The hijacking also inspired the 2013 movie "Captain Phillips" starring Tom Hanks.

The leader of the attack, Abduwali Muse, is currently serving time in prison in Indiana.

Brentwood, Essex

Brentwood is a wealthy town in Brentwood borough in Essex. About 75,000 people live in the town. It is just outside London. 

William Guarnere

William J. "Wild Bill" Guarnere (April 28, 1923 – March 8, 2014) was an American World War II veteran and author. He was known for being played in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers". He fought during the Battle of Normandy and at the Battle of the Bulge. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Guarnere died on March 8, 2014 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from natural causes, aged 90.

Lauro Cavazos

Lauro Fred Cavazos Jr. (January 4, 1927 – March 15, 2022) was an American politician. He served as Secretary of Education from 1988 to 1990. He was the first Hispanic to serve in the United States Cabinet. 

Cavazos was born in Kingsville, Texas. He was of Mexican descent. Cavazos died on March 15, 2022 in Concord, Massachusetts at the age of 95.

William Bennett

William John "Bill" Bennett (born July 31, 1943) is an American politician. He was the third United States Secretary of Education. He was in Ronald Reagan's cabinet. He served from February 1985 through September 1988. From 1989 to 1990, he served as the first Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy.

Bennett was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Williams College, at the University of Texas-Austin, and at Harvard Law School. Bennett is addicted to gambling.

Terrel Bell

Terrel Howard Bell (November 11, 1921 – June 22, 1996) was an American politician. He was the second United States Secretary of Education. He was in the Ronald Reagan cabinet. He served from January 1981 through January 1985.

Bell was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. He studied at Southern Idaho College of Education. Bell died in Salt Lake City from pulmonary fibrosis, aged 74.

James B. Edwards

James Burrows Edwards (June 24, 1927 – December 26, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the 110th Governor of South Carolina from January 1975 through January 1979. He served as the third United States Secretary of Energy under Ronald Reagan's cabinet from January 1981 through January 1982. 

Edwards was born in Hawthorne, Florida. Edwards died at his home in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina on December 26, 2014 at the age of 87 from complications from a stroke.


William Clay Ford Sr.

William Clay Ford, Sr. (March 14, 1925 – March 9, 2014) was an American businessman. He was the last surviving grandchild of Henry Ford. Ford owned and served as chairman of the Detroit Lions football team.

Ford was born on March 14, 1925 in Detroit, Michigan. He studied at Yale University. Ford died on March 9, 2014 in Grosse Pointe, Michigan from pneumonia, aged 88.

Frank Jobe

Frank Wilson Jobe (July 16, 1925 – March 6, 2014) was an American orthopedic surgeon and co-founder of the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic. Jobe invented a kind of elbow operation for baseball players. This surgery is called Tommy John surgery. 

Jobe died on March 6, 2014 in Santa Monica, California, aged 88.

Peter Mayhew

Peter William Mayhew (May 19, 1944 – April 30, 2019) was an English actor. He is best known for playing Chewbacca in the "Star Wars" movies. Mayhew was 7 feet 3 inches tall.

Mayhew was born in London, England. On 30 April 2019, he died at his home in Boyd, Texas from a heart attack, aged 74.

Grosse Pointe, Michigan

Grosse Pointe is a city near Detroit in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It had a population of 5,678 at the 2020 census.

Zdeněk Hajný

Zdeněk Hajný (30 January 1942 – 1 March 2014) was a Czech painter, graphic artist and psychologist. In 1994, he founded Galerie Cesty ke světlu. He was born in Vsetín, Zlín Region, Czechoslovakia.

Hajný died on 1 March 2014.

Juva

Juva is a municipality in Southern Savonia. It had about 6,700 people living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Joroinen, Mikkeli, Pieksämäki, Puumala, Rantasalmi and Sulkava.


Barbro Kollberg

Barbro Anna Elisabet Hildestrand (née Kollberg; 27 December 1917 – 6 March 2014) was a Swedish actress. She is best known for her roles in "Hem från Babylon" (1941), "It Rains on Our Love" (1946), "A Life for the Taking" (1995) and "As It Is in Heaven" (2004). She was born in Eskilstuna, Södermanland County.

Kollberg died on 6 March 2014 in Stockholm. She was 96 years old.


Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson

Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson (; born 12 March 1975) is an Icelandic politician. He was the Prime Minister of Iceland from 23 May 2013 through 5 April 2016. He has been chairman of the Progressive Party since 2009. He resigned on 5 April 2016 as a result of the Panama Papers leak.

Sigmundur Davíð was born in Reykjavík. He is married to Anna Sigurlaug Pálsdóttir. They have a child together.


Gum arabic

Gum arabic, also known as acacia gum, or meska, is a natural gum. It is made of hardened sap from two species of acacia tree; "Senegalia (Acacia) senegal" and "Vachellia (Acacia) seyal". The gum is got from wild trees throughout the Sahel from Senegal to Somalia. In the past it has also been cultivated in Arabia and west Asia. 

Gum arabic is a complex mixture of glycoproteins and polysaccharides. It was historically the source of the sugars arabinose and ribose, both of which were first discovered and isolated from it.

Acacia gum has been harvested in Arabia, Sudan, and west Asia since antiquity, and sub-Saharan acacia gum has a long history as a prized export. Traditionally harvested by semi-nomadic desert tribes on their travels, acacia gum is a main export of several African nations. The hardened gum is collected in the middle of the rainy season (harvesting usually begins in July), and exported at the start of the dry season (November).

From the 1950s to the early 1990s Sudan did about 80% of gum arabic production. Today, the figure is under 50%. Hundreds of thousands of Sudanese are dependent on gum arabic for their livelihoods. It is still the world's largest single producer, and the production of gum arabic is heavily controlled by the Sudanese government.

In food, gum arabic is used as a stabilizer. It is edible and has E number E414. Arab populations use the natural gum to make a chilled, sweetened, and flavored gelato-like dessert.

Gum arabic has been used from ancient times as part of black ink. The main constituent is carbon soot from lamps or burnt plant material. Apart from water and gum arabic, the ancient Egyptian ink was made of not much else. Written on paper or papyrus, this ink has survived for over three thousand years.

Gum arabic is a key ingredient in traditional lithography and is used in printing, paint production, glue, cosmetics and various industrial applications, including viscosity control in inks and in textile industries. Nowadays less expensive materials compete with it for many of these roles.

Gum arabic is used as a binder for watercolor painting because it dissolves easily in water. Pigment of any colour is suspended in the acacia gum to get in watercolor paint. Water acts as a vehicle to thin the watercolor paint and helps to transfer the paint to a surface such as paper. When all moisture evaporates, the acacia gum binds the pigment to the paper surface. After the water evaporates, the acacia gum in the paint film increases luminosity and helps prevent the colors from lightening. Gum arabic allows more precise control over washes, because it prevents them from flowing or bleeding beyond the brush stroke. In addition, acacia gum slows evaporation of water, giving slightly longer working time.

The historical photography process used gum arabic mixed with ammonium or potassium dichromate and pigment to create a coloured photographic emulsion that becomes relatively insoluble in water upon exposure to ultraviolet light. In the final print, the acacia gum permanently binds the pigments onto the paper.

Henry Halleck

Henry Halleck was a general in the United States army. He was born in 1815 in New York. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1839. He fought in the Mexican-American War. During the American Civil War, he became the commander of the Union armies in the Western Theater in 1862. In July 1862, Lincoln made Halleck the general-in-chief of all Union armies. However, Lincoln did not like the way Halleck ran the army, so in March 1864 Halleck was replaced as general-in-chief by U.S. Grant. Halleck was Grant's chief of staff and stayed in Washington, D.C. In 1865 he was transferred to the West Coast. In 1869, he was transferred to Kentucky, where he died in 1872.

Chris Pronger

Christopher Robert Pronger ( or ; born October 10, 1974) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract with the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL)



Peninsula Campaign

The Peninsula Campaign was a series of battles during the American Civil War. The campaign happened from March to July 1862. The Union Army of the Potomac, commanded by George B. McClellan, tried to capture the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia by moving westward on the Virginia Peninsula. The Confederate Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by Joseph E. Johnston, tried to stop McClellan. After Johnston was wounded on May 31st at the Battle of Seven Pines, Robert E. Lee took command of the army. Lee then attacked McClellan during the Seven Days Battles. After the battles, McClellan's army was transferred back to Washington, D.C.

Virginia Peninsula

The Virginia Peninsula is a peninsula in southeast Virginia, USA. It is surrounded by the York River, James River, Hampton Roads, and Chesapeake Bay. It is sometimes called the "Southern Neck", so people would not confuse it with two other peninsulas to the north, the Middle Peninsula and the Northern Neck.

Battle of Seven Pines

The Battle of Seven Pines was a battle of the American Civil War. It was fought on May 31st and June 1st, 1862. It is sometimes called the Battle of Fair Oaks. The Confederate army tried to overwhelm part of the Union army. The Union army won the battle.

Grumman EA-6B Prowler

The Grumman EA-6B Prowler is a military aircraft. It is a version of the A-6 Intruder. It is used as electronic warfare aircraft for radar jamming. It was never exported. It is used only by the US Navy and the US Marines Corps. After 2021, it will be replaced by Boeing EA-18 Growler.

The EA-6B Prowler was used in the Vietnam War, in the Gulf War, and in the war of Kosovo. It was used in Afghanistan's war against al-Qaeda. 

The aircraft can be used from an air base or an aircraft carrier. 


Overland Campaign

The Overland Campaign was a series of battles in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War. It took place during May and June of 1864. Union general Ulysses S. Grant wanted to defeat the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by Robert E. Lee, and to capture the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia. The battles were some of the bloodiest battles of the war.

In the spring of 1864, Grant had been appointed to command all Union armies. Grant's plan to end the war had several parts. Union General William Tecumseh Sherman's Atlanta Campaign and Grant's Overland Campaign were supported by other campaigns. They were all intended to keep Lee from reinforcing his main army. George Meade was still in (nominal) command of the Army of the Potomac, but there was little doubt Grant was in direct control of the army's movements.

Grant ordered General Franz Sigel to advance down the Shenandoah Valley to prevent reinforcements and supplies from reaching Lee's army. Grant ordered Benjamin F. Butler's Union Army of the James to cut the rail lines between Richmond and Petersburg, Virginia. This interrupted Lee's main supply line. Grant wanted to force Lee to attack even though Lee had no reinforcements and few supplies.

The campaigns were all to start at the beginning of May. The Army of the Potomac crossed the Rapidan River on May 4, moving south towards The Wilderness before Lee could attack them. But Lee attacked while Grant's army was still trying to move through the tangled forest. The Battle of the Wilderness started the campaign.



Cessna T-37 Tweet

The Cessna T-37 Tweet is a military aircraft. It's used exclusively by military. It's a twin-turbojet aircraft. It's used by many countries. 
A-37 Dragonfly is an attack aircraft variant.



Hubert Reeves

Hubert Reeves (July 13, 1932 – October 13, 2023) was a Canadian astrophysicist and popularizer of science. His career has lasted for nearly fifty years. He won many awards for his works including the Albert Einstein Award.

Reeves was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied at Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf. Reeves now lives in Paris, France.
Reeves often spoke on television, promoting science. He resided in Paris, France, where he died on October 13, 2023, at the age of 91.

Quiznos

QIP Holder LLC, business known as Quiznos, is a fast food restaurant brand. Quiznos is known for their toasted subs. The restaurant was created by company founder Jimmy Lambatos in 1982. The headquarters for Quiznos is in Denver, Colorado. Behind Subway, it is the second-largest submarine sandwich shop chain in North America.

In February 2014, the Wall Street Journal wrote that the company was preparing to file for Bankruptcy debt protection because the country had $570 million of debt. In March 2014, the restaurant brand filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. They said that they would still continue operating while it restructured its debt and made operational improvements.


Rudolph A. Marcus

Rudolph Arthur Marcus (born July 21, 1923) is a Canadian-American chemist. He received the 1992 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his theory of electron transfer reactions in chemical systems. The Marcus theory is named after him.

Marcus was born in Montreal, Quebec. 

On July 21, 2023, Marcus turned 100 years old.

Sbarro

Sbarro, LLC is a restaurant chain. Sbarro is known for their New York style pizza. The restaurant was created by both Gennaro and Carmela Sbarro in 1956.

They opened their first Salumeria, an Italian grocery store, at 1701 65th Street and 17th Avenue in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York. One of their busiest Sbarro restaurants was located in the World Trade Center mall. The headquarters for Sbarro is located in Melville, New York.

On August 9, 2001, there was a suicide bombing at a Sbarro restaurant in downtown Jerusalem, Israel. The bombings were carried out by Hamas. 15 people were killed, which included 7 children, and a pregnant woman. It also wounded 130 people.

On March 10, 2014, Sbarro filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.


Aarón Hernán

Aarón Hernán (November 20, 1930 – April 26, 2020) was an Mexican telenovela and movie actor. Hernán has appeared in over 100 Spanish telenovelas and over 67 movies. He was known for playing priests on telenovelas. He appeared in two American movies, "Apolinar" and "Black Wind".

Hernán was born on November 20, 1930 in Camargo, Chihuahua. He died on April 26, 2020 in Mexico City of a heart attack, aged 89.

 

Zdzisław Żygulski, Jr.

Zdzisław Żygulski (18 August 1921 – 14 May 2015) was a Polish art historian and professor. He works at the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków, Anglicist.

He has been the curator of the Arms and Armour Section of the Czartoryski Museum since 1949.

Żygulski was born in Borysław, Poland on 18 August 1921. He died in Krakow, Poland, aged 93.

Heiko Bellmann

Heiko Bellmann (17 March 1950 – 7 March 2014) was a German biologist, writer, zoologist and photographer. He published over fifty books.

Bellman died on 7 March 2014 at the age of 63.

Werner Uebelmann

Werner J. Uebelmann (16 March 1921 – 1 March 2014) was a Swiss entrepreneur and writer. He last best known for his large collection of cactus. He was born in Aarau, Aargau.

Uebelmann died on 1 March 2014 in Muri, Aargau. He was 92 years old.

Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!

Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die! is the fourth studio album recorded by American rock band, "Panic! At The Disco". This is also the first album introducing bassist, Dallon Weekes, who originally joined the band on tour in 2009.

The album was named after a quote from "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas". "Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!" made it to number two on "Billboard's Top 200" soon after it was released. "There's some glitz, some glamour, but there's also the dingy, old Vegas side to the music", lead vocalist, Urie states to MTV. He also explained that the content of the album reflects on experiences he had. Overall, he expressed his desire for the album to be ""music that makes you feel good."

Mad as Rabbits

"Mad as Rabbits" was the last song ever recorded while Ryan Ross and Jon Walker were still members of "Panic! at the Disco". The song is from the band's second studio album, "Pretty. Odd." The quote "(We must) "Reinvent Love"" (or ""Reinvent♥"") is the last line sung on the album by Urie and Ross together.

Takfiri

A Takfiri is a Muslim who says that another Muslim has apostated (left the religion). 'Takfiri' comes from the word "kafir", meaning somebody who does not follow Islam. The ideology partially comes from hadithic (from narrations from Muhammad's life) requirements to "enjoin [instruct someone to follow] the good and forbid the evil".


Peter Bares

Peter Bares (16 January 1936 – 2 March 2014) was a German organist and composer. He was best known for his church music. He was born in Essen.

Bares died on 2 March 2014 in Rhineland-Palatinate. He was 78 years old.

Société Bic

Société Bic, better known as just Bic, is a Consumer goods company. Bic is known for their lighters, ballpoint pens, magnets, shaving razors, paper products, and watersports products. The company was created by Baron Marcel Bich in 1945. 

The first product that the company made was the Bic pen, known as the Bic Cristal. In 1958, the company went public through a reverse merger with the Waterman Pen Company in the United States and they later sold off the older operation.


Shirtdress

A shirtdress is a style of dress which borrows details from a boy's-man's dress shirt. These can include a collar, a button front, or cuffed sleeves. Often, these dresses are made up in crisp fabrics like cotton or silk, much like a men's dress shirt would be. As they are typically cut without a seam at the waist, these dresses often have a looser fit, usually relying on a belt to define the waist. Button fronts and a forgiving fit make this a flattering look for most body types.


Sanna Nielsen

Sanna Viktoria Nielsen (born 27 November 1984) is a Swedish singer. She has participated in Melodifestivalen seven times between 2001 and 2014. Her seventh try was in Melodifestivalen 2014 with the song "Undo". The song won and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Sanna Nielsen was born and grew up in Bromölla, Skåne. Her career started at several talent searches, the first being in 1992 in Olofström. In 1994 she participated in a talent search in Kallinge and won with the song "Can You Feel the Love Tonight". Nielsen performed with the danceband Mats Elmes between 1995 and 1996 at the age of eleven.

At the same time she reached the number one spot on the Svensktoppen Chart with the song "Till en fågel". Nielsen became the youngest person to reach number one at the chart.

In September 1996 Nielsens debut album "Silvertoner" was released. A reviewer of the album for "Göteborgs-Posten" compared Nielsen to Carola Häggkvist and Sissel Kyrkjebø. During the following years Nielsen released the Christmas album "Min önskejul" in 1997 and the music single "Time to Say Goodbye" in 1999. During her high school years, she studied the Estetichal programme and mostly music at Helenehoms Gymnastin in Malmö.

In December 2001 Nielsen participated in a Christmas tour along with Christer Sjögren, Sten Nilsson and Charlotte Perrelli. In 2002 she toured with Roger Pontare and in December the same year she participated in a Christmas concert with Kalle Moraeus and Tito Beltrán in both 2003 and 2004.

In February 2006, her second solo music album "Nära mej, nära dej" was released with lyrics and music by Fredrik Kempe and Marcos Ubeda. In July-August 2007 she was on a new music tour called "Sommar, Sommar, Sommar" along with Shirley Clamp and Sonja Aldén. In April 2008 the album "Stronger" was released, an album completely in English language, the first time Nielsen had such an album. The same year the album "Our Christmas" was released, containing Christmas songs along with Shirley Clamp and Sonja Aldén. In December 2013 Nielsen released her seventh studio album called "Min jul" with Christmas songs.

At the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 Nielsen did the commentary for Swedish television.


Hylonomus

Hylonomus is an extinct stem tetrapod which lived 312 million years ago (mya) during the Pennsylvanian.
The lack of skull openings behind the eyes makes it difficult to decide whether or not it is a sauropsid. "Westlothiana" is older, but may have been an amphibian, and "Casineria" is rather fragmentary. 

"Hylonomus" was long (including the tail) and probably would have looked rather similar to modern lizards. It had small sharp teeth and likely ate small invertebrates such as millipedes or early insects.

Fossils of "Hylonomus" have been found in the remains of fossilized club moss stumps in Joggins Fossil Cliffs, Nova Scotia, Canada. The theory is that, after harsh weather, the club mosses would crash down. The stumps eventually hollow out. Small animals such as "Hylonomus", seeking shelter, might enter and become trapped, starving to death. Fossils of the basal pelycosaur "Archaeothyris" and the basal diapsid "Petrolacosaurus" are also found in the same region of Nova Scotia, higher up, dated about 6 million years later.

Some fossilized footprints, from about 315 mya, have been found in New Brunswick. They are attributed to "Hylonomus".

Dollarama

Dollarama is a dollar store chain. The chain was created by Larry Rossy in 1992. The first Dollarama was opened at the shopping centre "Les promenades du St-Laurent" in Matane, Quebec in April, 1992. The discount retailer grew to 44 stores.

Many items are priced at $1.00 or less. In early 2009, Dollarama began to introduce items priced up to $2.00 (including $1.25 and $1.50 price points).Dollarama has always had a No Return and No Exchange Policy.

In November 2004, 80 percent of Dollarama was sold to a private equity fund, Bain Capital, of Boston, Massachusetts for $850 million US.


Bell UH-1Y Venom

The Bell UH-1Y Venom is a US military helicopter. It's a twin-turboshaft variant of the UH-1 Iroquois. It's used only by US Marines squadrons. It's used for troops transport and light attack.


