Superconductor

A superconductor is a substance that conducts electricity without resistance when it becomes colder than a "critical temperature." At this temperature, electrons can move freely through the material. Superconductors are different from ordinary conductors, such as copper. Ordinary conductors lose their resistance (get more conductive) slowly as they get colder. In contrast, superconductors lose their resistance all at once. This is an example of a phase transition. High magnetic fields destroy superconductivity and restore the normal conducting state. Some examples of superconductors are the metals mercury and lead, ceramics and organic carbon nanotubes.

Normally, a magnet moving by a conductor produces currents in the conductor by electromagnetic induction. But a superconductor actually pushes out magnetic fields entirely by inducing surface currents. Instead of letting the magnetic field pass through, the superconductor acts like a magnet pointing the opposite way, which repels the real magnet. This is called the Meissner effect, and it can be demonstrated by levitating a superconductor over magnets or vice versa.

Physicists explain superconductivity by describing what happens when temperatures get cold. The thermal energy in a solid or liquid shakes the atoms so they randomly vibrate, but this gets less as the temperature drops. Electrons carry the same negative electric charge which makes them repel each other. At higher temperatures each electron behaves as if it were a free particle. There is also however a very weak attraction between electrons when they are in a solid or liquid. At rather large distances ( many hundreds of nanometers apart) and low temperatures (near absolute zero), the attractive effect and lack of thermal energy allows pairs of electrons to hang together. This is called a cooper pair and it is a quasiparticle, that is it acts as if it were a new kind of particle in its own right even though it is made up of two fundamental electrons.

Many overlapping cooper pairs can exist in the same nanometer sized space. Since paired electrons constitute a boson the motions of all of the cooper pairs within a single superconductor synchronize and they function as if they are a single entity. Small disturbances such as scattering of electrons are forbidden in this state, and it moves as one, showing no resistance to its motion. Thus, it is now a superconductor.



Alan Freeman

Alan Leslie "Fluff" Freeman (born 6 July 1927 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, died 27 November 2006 in London, England) was an Australian radio presenter who worked for most of his career in the United Kingdom.

In May 2000 he was presented with a Lifetime Achievement award at the Sony Radio Academy Awards.
Freeman was best known for presenting "Pick of the Pops" on BBC Radio 1 throughout the 1960s and 1970s.

Freeman was openly bisexual.

Sunflower

The common sunflower ("Helianthus annuus") is a living annual plant in the family Asteraceae, with a large flower head ("capitulum"). The stem of the flower can grow up to 3 metres tall, with a flower head that can be 30 cm wide. Other types of sunflowers include the California Royal Sunflower, which has a burgundy (red + purple) flower head. 

The flower head is actually an inflorescence made of hundreds or thousands of tiny flowers called florets. The central florets look like the centre of a normal flower, apseudanthium. The benefit to the plant is that it is very easily seen by the insects and birds which pollinate it, and it produces thousands of seeds.

The sunflower is the state flower of Kansas. That is why Kansas is sometimes called the Sunflower State.
To grow well, sunflowers need full sun. They grow best in fertile, wet, well-drained soil with a lot of mulch. In commercial planting, seeds are planted 45 cm (1.5 ft) apart and 2.5 cm (1 in) deep.

The outer petal-bearing florets are the sterile florets and can be yellow, red, orange, or other colors. The florets inside the circular head are called disc florets, which mature into seeds.

The flower petals within the sunflower's cluster are always in a spiral pattern. Generally, each floret is oriented toward the next by approximately the golden angle, 137.5°, producing a pattern of interconnecting spirals, where the number of left spirals and the number of right spirals are successive Fibonacci numbers. Typically, there are 34 spirals in one direction and 55 in the other; on a very large sunflower there could be 89 in one direction and 144 in the other.

Sunflowers commonly grow to heights between 1.5 and 3.5 m (5–12 ft.). The tallest sunflower confirmed by Guinness World Records is 9.17 m (2014, Germany). In 16th century Europe the record was already 7.3 m (24 ft., Spain). Most cultivars are variants of "H. annuus", but four other species (all perennials) are also domesticated. This includes "H. tuberosus", the Jerusalem Artichoke, which produces edible tubers.

Sunflower "whole seed" (fruit) are sold as a snack food, after roasting in ovens, with or without salt added. Sunflowers can be processed into a peanut butter alternative, Sunbutter. In Germany, it is mixed together with rye flour to make Sonnenblumenkernbrot (literally: sunflower whole seed bread), which is quite popular in German-speaking Europe. It is also sold as food for birds and can be used directly in cooking and salads.
Sunflower oil, extracted from the seeds, is used for cooking, as a carrier oil and to produce margarine and biodiesel, as it is cheaper than olive oil. A range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions; some 'high oleic' types contain a higher level of healthy monounsaturated fats in their oil than Olive oil.

The cake remaining after the seeds have been processed for oil is used as a livestock feed. Some recently developed cultivars have drooping heads. These cultivars are less attractive to gardeners growing the flowers as ornamental plants, but appeal to farmers, because they reduce bird damage and losses from some plant diseases. Sunflowers also produce latex and are the subject of experiments to improve their suitability as an alternative crop for producing hypoallergenic rubber.
Traditionally, several Native American groups planted sunflowers on the north edges of their gardens as a "fourth sister" to the better known three sisters combination of corn, beans, and squash.[9] Annual species are often planted for their allelopathic properties. However, for commercial farmers growing commodity crops, the sunflower, like any other unwanted plant, is often considered a weed. Especially in the midwestern USA, wild (perennial) species are often found in corn and soybean fields and can have a negative impact on yields.
Sunflowers may also be used to extract toxic ingredients from soil, such as lead, arsenic and uranium. They were used to remove uranium, cesium-137, and strontium-90 from soil after the Chernobyl disaster (see phytoremediation).

Peter Cushing

Peter Cushing, OBE (26 May 1913 – 11 August 1994) was an English actor. He is best known for his roles in horror movies and "".

Born Peter Wilton Cushing in London, England. His movie career began in 1939 in a small role in "The Man in the Iron Mask" (1939), followed by "Laddie" (1940). He interpreted the role of Osric, in the classic written by William Shakespeare, "Hamlet" (1948), with Laurence Olivier.

His best roles he played in his career were the Victor Frankenstein, in the British horror movie "The Curse of Frankenstein" (1957), by Terence Fisher he plays of role brilliantly, Victor creates a monster in the attic of his castle. His other role was that of Doctor Van Helsing in "Dracula" (1958), in this movie he must fight Dracula. In these two movies he was accompanied by another great actor Christopher Lee. They formed a very successful duo, starring in dozens of Hammer movies as "The Hound of the Baskervilles" (1959), "The Mummy" (1959), "The Gorgon" (1964), "Dr. Terror's House of Horrors" (1965). They clashed again as Van Helsing and Dracula, in "Dracula A.D. 1972" (1972), and "The Satanic Rites of Dracula" (1974).

Also re-interpret the character of Baron Frankenstein, in "The Revenge of Frankenstein" (1958), "The Evil of Frankenstein" (1964), by Freddie Francis, "Frankenstein Created Woman" (1967), "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" (1969), and "Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell" (1974), directed by Terence Fisher.

Peter Cushing also teamed with Vincent Price in movies including "Scream and Scream Again" (1970), "Dr. Phibes Rises Again" (1972), "Madhouse" (1974), which plays an evil agent movie., and "House of the Long Shadows" (1983). 
In 1977 he obtained the role of Grand Moff Tarkin, in "Star Wars" by George Lucas. 

In the last years of his career had appearances in some comedies "Top Secret!" (1984). 

His last job was in 1986 in the movie "Biggles" (1986). 

In 1982 he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He died of the disease in 1994.

Cushing also made ​television, in mystery series, including "Sherlock Holmes" (1968), as Sherlock Holmes, "The Avengers", "Great Mysteries", "Space: 1999", "The New Avengers", "Hammer House of Horror", and the TV movies "The Masks of Death" (1984), as Sherlock Holmes


Brian Krause

Brian Krause (born February 1, 1969) is an American actor. He grew up in El Toro, California. He is best known for his role as Leo Wyatt on the WB Network television series "Charmed" from 1998 to 2006.

Krause made his first movie as Richard Lestrange in the movie sequel "Return to the Blue Lagoon" (1991). A year later, he also starred opposite Alice Krige, playing Charles Brady in the horror movie "Sleepwalkers".

Brian and his wife Beth Bruce had their first child, Jamen, in 1996. They divorced in 2000. He dated co-star Alyssa Milano. During his time off the set, he enjoys being a handyman which was his job before acting (and was his character's job when he played Leo Wyatt on "Charmed"). He also enjoys golf and auto racing.

Julian McMahon

Julian McMahon (born 27 July 1968, in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian actor and former model. His father, Sir William McMahon was Prime Minister of Australia from 1971 to 1972. McMahon is best known for playing Cole Turner on the television series "Charmed", Doctor Doom in the 2005-2007 "Fantastic Four" movie series and Christian Troy on the series "Nip/Tuck".

Ted King

Theodore William King (born October 1, 1965) is an American actor. He was born in Hollywood, California. Ted King is also credited as T.W. King.

King is first known to soap opera fans as Danny Roberts on "Loving" in 1999 and "The City" until the series was went off the air in March 1997. He had the starring role in the series "Timecop" on ABC in the fall of 1997. He was on the series "Charmed" as Inspector Andy Trudeau from 1998 to 1999. In 2002, King returned to soaps operas as Luis Alcazar on "General Hospital" for a few months until his character was killed on the series. In 2003, he returned to "General Hospital" as Luis' twin brother, Lorenzo Alcazar.

Coffs Harbour

Coffs Harbour () is a city on the north coast of New South Wales, Australia. It is 540 km north of Sydney and 440 km south of Brisbane. Coffs Harbour is famous for its bananas and is also an important diving spot. It also has a campus of the Southern Cross University. It is the home of the Big Banana, a tourist attraction and amusement park.

Yggdrasil

Yggdrasil (Old Norse: "Yggdrasill") is the name of the immense cosmic tree that serves as the connection between the Nine Worlds in Norse mythology. Known as the World Tree, Yggdrasil was said to lie at the very center of the universe, supported by three roots which extend far away into varying locations. Various creatures dwell within Yggdrasil. Upon the onset of Ragnarök, Yggdrasil will shudder and groan, ultimately crumbling as the universe meets its end.

Yggdrasil's roots extend into three locations: Urðarbrunnr (Old Norse: “Well of Urðr”), Hvergelmir (Old Norse: “bubbling" or "boiling spring"), and Mímisbrunnr (Old Norse: “Well of Mímir"). As seen in the Poetic Edda poem, Grímnismál (Old Norse: "Sayings of Grímnir"), various creatures dwell within the World Tree, including: 

Níðhöggr (Old Norse: "Níðhǫggr" - “Malice striker”), a massive dragon/serpent-like being that gnaws at its root(s), an unnamed eagle, and the hawk Veðrfölnir (Old Norse: “wind bleached” or “wind-witherer”), who sits between its eyes, along with the four stags Dáinn, Dvalinn, Duneyrr, and Duraþrór. 

The Three Norns (Old Norse: "Nornir") - Urðr (Old Norse: “fate”), Verðandi (Old Norse: possibly “happening” or “present”), and Skuld (Old Norse: possibly “debt” or “future”) - attend to Yggdrasil, weaving the fates of both gods and men. 

Impeachment

Impeachment is a way to remove government officers from office in some countries. 

Impeachment in the United States is how the House of Representatives brings charges against either the President, the Vice President, or any federal officer for misconduct they are said to have been committed. Most impeachments in the United States have been of judges.

Impeachment is like an indictment (something that the prosecutor needs to get before a trial). Someone is impeached when a legislature votes to do that. Later, there is another vote on whether or not to convict, which is like guilty or not. The second vote may be by the same people who did the impeachment, or someone else as in a bicameral legislature. Several different types of office holders may be impeached, but cases against the President or leader of a country usually attract the most attention.

Two well-known heads of state who were impeached and removed from office were Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff in 2016 and South Korean president Park Geun-hye in 2017. Three American presidents were impeached: Andrew Johnson, Bill Clinton and Donald Trump, Donald Trump was officially impeached twice by the house of representatives. None were removed from office. President Richard Nixon resigned from the office of President before the House could impeach him, resulting in him being the only U.S. president to resign.


Indictment

In common law, an indictment is a charge saying that a person committed a very serious crime. They used to be given out by grand juries (a special jury usually made up of 24 people that is used to see if a person should be charged), but many places do not have grand juries anymore. Sealed indictments are kept secret until they are unsealed.

Trial

A trial is where two people or two groups of people argue in a court.
In a civil trial, there is a plaintiff and a defendant. The plaintiff tries to prove that he or she has a reason why the defendant needs to give him or her money.
In a criminal trial, there is a prosecutor and a defendant. The prosecutor works for the government and tries to prove that the defendant committed a crime. It often takes a long time to get a trial scheduled as the courts can be very busy. In the United States, Federal court can take up to 10 months to get a court date. 
The judge controls the courtroom. He or she decides who speaks when, and they decide what evidence and arguments can be used. Sometimes, a jury is brought in to determine whether the defendant is guilty or not guilty. If there is no jury, the judge or judges decide whether the defendant is proven guilty or not. If the defendant is proven guilty of the crime, the judge will decide the punishment, which is also called the "sentence". If the crime is serious, the defendant may go to prison or, in some countries, be executed. For smaller crimes, there is often a fine—money that must be paid, in addition to having a criminal record.
Trials are different in places where the laws are different. Different countries, cities and states all have different laws that change how trials happen. Trials in some places are very short. In some places, however, important trials can take as long as a few years while the two sides gather information and put together their arguments. 


Belinda Peregrín

Belinda Peregrin Schüll (born August 15, 1992) is a Spanish singer-songwriter and actress. She is often called just Belinda. Her first album, "Belinda" (2003), was very popular and sold over 16 million copies worldwide receiving the title of "The Princess of Latin Pop" by Billboard U.S. and Rolling Stone U.S. Her second album "Utopía" (2006) gave her two Latin Grammy Award nominations.

She has also been in many movies, such as the Disney Channel Original Movie "The Cheetah Girls 2" (2006). She was also in the telenovela "Camaleones" (2009) and the TV series "Mujeres asesinas 3" (2010). After this, she released her third album "Carpe Diem" (2010), which had a hit single "Egoísta". Her fourth album "Catarsis" (2013) went straight to number one in Mexico.

A According to Belinda's official websites, she was born in 1992. However, multiple sources mark "1989" as her birth year.

Ngo Dinh Diem

Ngo Dinh Diem or Ngô Đình Diệm ( or ; 3 January 1901 – 2 November 1963) was the first President of South Vietnam. Unlike most people in Vietnam, he was a Catholic.

After he kept favoring people of his religion, he and his brother were arrested and killed on 2 November 1963 by the South Việtnamese army during the Buddhist crisis. The army then set up a military dictatorship.


Great Plague of London

During the Great Plague of London (1665-1666), the disease called the bubonic plague killed about 200,000 people in London, England. In seven months, almost one quarter of London's population (one out of every four Londoners) died from the plague. At its worst, in September 1665, the plague killed 7,165 people in one week. After this, the number of people dying from the plague began to slow down.

Around September 1666, the great outbreak ended. The Great Fire of London, which happened on 2-6 September 1666, may have helped end the outbreak by killing many of the rats and fleas who were spreading the plague.

Though most of the people who died during the Great Plague lived in London, the plague also killed people in other areas of England. By the time the Great Plague ended, about 2.5% of England's population had died from the plague. To compare, about 2% of the entire United Kingdom's population (including soldiers and civilians) died in World War I, and about 1% of the entire United Kingdom's population died in World War II.

The Great Plague of 1665 was the last major plague in England. Before the Great Plague, England had had outbreaks of plague and so many people got the disease every few decades:

Historians think that the plague spread to England from the Netherlands. Dutch trading ships carrying cotton from Amsterdam may have brought the plague to England. Amsterdam was badly hit by the plague in 1663–1664; the disease killed about 50,000 people.

In London, the first places hit by the plague were the dock areas outside of the city and the parish of St Giles in the Fields. In those places, poor workers lived crowded together in bad conditions. Nobody kept records about the deaths of very poor people and so nobody knows how many of these people may have died from the plague. However, records say the first person to die of the plague in London was Rebecca Andrews on 12 April 1665.

By July 1665, plague was in the City of London itself. Many of the people who could afford to leave the city left for the countryside. King Charles II of England, his family, and his court left the city for Oxfordshire. Most wealthy merchants and professionals left the city and so most businesses were closed. As the plague got worse, more and more people left. London became so empty that grass started to grow on the streets.

However, most of the city's government officials stayed in London such as the Lord Mayor of London, Sir John Lawrence. As the plague got worse, more and more people left, but a small number of clergymen, physicians and apothecaries chose to stay. Also, people who were too poor to move to the countryside had no choice but to stay in the city.

Some of the people who stayed in London wrote about the Great Plague. Samuel Pepys, who lived through the plague, kept a diary which gave historians information about what the plague was like. Henry Foe, a saddler who lived in East London, also decided not to leave the city. Years later, in 1722, Foe's nephew Daniel Defoe wrote "A Journal of the Plague Year", a story about the plague that he may have based on Foe's journals.

People in London tried many different things to try to treat the plague and stop it from spreading. At the time, nobody understood what caused the plague, how it spread, or how to treat it. Antibiotic medications, which are the only treatment for plague, would not be discovered for another 300 years. People were so afraid of catching the plague from other people that they threw dead plague victims' bodies into overcrowded pits and buried them all together as quickly as possible. In one parish in London, 1,114 dead plague victims were buried together in a hole that was fifty feet long and twenty feet wide.

As the plague got worse, people began to do worse things. Some people refused to help sick family members. Other people forced sick servants to leave even though they had nowhere to go. Eventually, if one person in a home got the plague, the whole family was forced to stay in the home. A red cross and the words "Lord have mercy upon us" would be painted on the door. Pepys wrote in his diary: "the plague [is] making us cruel as dogs to one another."

Government officials tried several public health programs to prevent more people from getting the plague. For example:


"Plague doctors" walked the streets diagnosing victims, but many of them were not actual doctors. Wearing special costumes, they tried to treat plague victims with bloodletting, frogs, and leeches.

The plague was worst in London, but it also affected other parts of England. Perhaps the most famous example was the village of Eyam in Derbyshire. Nobody knows for sure how the plague got to Eyam. However, stories say that a merchant carrying cloth from London accidentally brought the plague with him. The villagers quarantined themselves (kept themselves apart from other people and other villages) to make sure the disease would not spread any further. That kept the plague from spreading outside Eyam, but about 80% of the people in the village had died from the plague within a little over a year.

As time went on, more and more people died from the plague. That continued until the week of 19-26 September 1665, the worst week of the Great Plague, when 7,166 people died from the plague. The number of deaths from the plague then began to slow down. By February 1666, the King and his court decided it was safe enough to return to London.

Some people but not nearly as many as before continued to get the plague until September 1666. Around that time, the plague outbreak ended. The Great Fire of London is believed to have helped to end the plague.

Empress Matilda

Matilda of England (7 February 1102 – 10 September 1167) also called Empress Matilda or her nickname, Maud, was the Holy Roman Empress and Queen consort of the Romans as the wife of Emperor Henry V from their marriage in 1114 until Henry's death in 1125. She was also the Disputed Queen of England from April to November 1141 during a civil war that she fought against her cousin, King Stephen I, which was known as The Anarchy. She was the daughter of Henry I of England and his first wife, Matilda of Scotland

Matilda grew up with great education. She was incredibly intelligent and talented. At a young age, she learned how to speak multiple languages, mainly English, German, French, and Latin. She also learned how to fight like a knight and as well as learning archery. She became a soldier of the English Army at just 12. She was the first ever woman to step foot in the army at that time.

She was very popular in Germany, however, she was not that popular in her homeland as she spend most of her childhood in Germany. Because of that, she was considered "foreign" and that England never had a queen and that the people back then believed that woman were weak. Thus, they didn't want Matilda to succeed her father as she was the next in line to the throne after her younger brother, William Adelin, died in a boat.

Her father planned her to succed him. However, when Henry died in 1135, instead of Matilda ascending to the throne, her cousin, Stephen of Blios, took the throne and had himself crowned. However, Matilda refused to recognize Stephen as king and started The Anarchy. In April 1141, troops loyal to Matilda captured Stephen and imprisoned him and Matilda became the disputed monarch. However, the troops of King Stephen freed Stephen. However, Matilda refused to give up her claim to the throne.

Eventually in 1153, Stephen's son and heir, Eustace IV, died. Thus, Stephen and Matilda signed an agreement stating that when Stephen died, he will be succeded by Matilda's son, Henry, and not Stephen's other son, William. Eventually in October 1154, Stephen died and Henry became the King of England as Henry II.

Kaiser

Kaiser was the title used for the Emperors of Austria and Germany, from the creation of the Austrian Empire in 1806 (after 1867 the Austro-Hungarian Empire) and from the creation of unified Germany in 1871 until the end of World War I when both empires collapsed and became republics. The Holy Roman Emperor was also called "Kaiser". The word "Kaiser" is the German way to say Caesar, the name the ancient Romans used for their Roman Emperor, just as "Tsar" is the Russian way to say it.

In 1873 these three rulers formed a "League of the Three Emperors", also called the "Dreikaiserbund."

Orange, New South Wales

Orange is a city in New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Mitchell Highway about 250 kilometres west of Sydney. The main street (where people do all the shopping) is quite large for a country town. There are five high schools and five primary schools in Orange. Orange has two tennis centres, a big pool, an indoor sports centre, a netball centre, football pitches, a university, hockey pitches and lots of parks. There is also a big mine called Cadia and a big fun lake located outside of the town.

Endometrium

The endometrium is the innermost membrane of the uterus. It sensitive to hormone changes. The endometrium is shed each month as menstrual flow. 

Nibelungenlied

The Nibelungenlied, translated as The Song of the Nibelungs, is an epic poem in Middle High German. It tells the story of dragon-slayer Siegfried at the court of the Burgundians, and of the revenge of his wife Kriemhild, which leads to the death of all the heroes of the Bugundians and of Kriemhild as well.

The saga of Siegfried was also used in the opera cycle "Der Ring des Nibelungen" of Richard Wagner. Nibelung in this context means "dwarf".

The Nibelungenlied is based on earlier works. It was part of oral tradition, meaning it usually was not written down. During the Middle Ages people started to write down stories more and more. Overall there are about 35 German sources and one Dutch source for the story. There was an original manuscript but it has been lost. The three oldest manuscripts have been labelled "A", "B", and "C". 


"B" seems to be closest to the original; however, the real relation between the three manuscripts is unknown. The Nibelungenlied probably had a broad oral tradition, as there were many different versions. It is difficult to judge how these oral versions influenced the written ones.

Manuscripts A and B end with "daz ist der Nibelunge not" (that is the fall of the "Nibelungs"); for this reasons, they are known as the "Not versions". Manuscript C ends with "daz ist der Nibelunge liet" (). It is known as the "Lied-version". In total, the C text has been edited with regard to the public of the time. It is less dramatic. This probably made it more popular. Aesthetically, the B text would have been the greatest artistic achievement for a contemporary public.

The author who wrote down the original that is now lost is unknown. However, there are a few candidates:
Serious researchers tend to ignore the last three options, because there is not enough evidence to support them.

This was probably not in the original though, but added later. The original probably began by introducing Kriemhild:

English translations:

Dwarf (mythology)

A dwarf is a humanlike creature from Norse and Germanic mythologies. They have been used in many fairy tales, fantasy, fiction and role-playing games. Pop culture depicts the Dwarves as being short, however original mythology does not, and they were described interchangeably with elves in some stories. 

In some stories, dwarfs are mean, living under bridges, and having a bad reputation for stealing treasure. One example is the Norwegian Troll. It is an ugly and foolish creature who tells lies. It causes problems everywhere it goes. That is how the Internet troll got its name. In Robert Louis Stevenson's story, "Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," Edward Hyde is described as "a dwarf."

On the other hand, J. R. R. Tolkien's hobbits and the munchkins in The Wizard of Oz are likeable, honest, good and smart.



Vanir

The Vanir are one of the two tribes of deities in Norse mythology, the other being the Æsir. Native to Vanaheimr, the Vanir are peace-loving gods, associated with nature and fertility, while the Æsir were chaotic and warlike. Members of the Vanir include:

A number of them live in Asgard alongside the Æsir as a token of goodwill following the war between the two tribes, which resulted in them uniting into a single pantheon. The goddess Freyja receives half of those slain in battle as a share of power between the two clans. 

Mole (unit)

Mole is the SI unit used to measure how many molecules or atoms there are. One mole is around 600 sextillion molecules. Scientists use this number because 1 gram of hydrogen is around 1 mole of atoms.

The exact value of one mole is . This number comes from experiments with carbon because it's easy to work with.

Anything can be measured in moles, but it is not practical for most tasks because the value is so massive. For example, one mole of grapefruits would be as big as the earth. 

Because different molecules and atoms do not have the same mass, one mole of one thing does not weigh the same as one mole of something else. Atoms and molecule mass is measured in amu. One amu is equal to one gram per mole. This means that if an atom has a mass of one amu, one mole of this atom weighs one gram.

Moles = mass (g) / Relative mass (grams per mole)

Example: How many moles are there in 20 grams of hydrogen?

A value of 1 can be used for hydrogen's relative mass, although the correct value is slightly larger. So: moles = mass/relative mass = 20/1 = 20 moles.

Moles = concentration (mol/dm) x volume (dm)

Example: How many moles are there in 100cm of 0.1M HSO?

1 dm is the same as 1000 cm, so the value in cubic centimetres needs to be divided by 1000. 100/1000 x 0.1 = 0.01 moles.

A methane molecule is made from one carbon atom and four hydrogen atoms. Carbon has a mass of 12.011 u and hydrogen has a mass of 1.008 u. This means that the mass of one methane molecule is 12.011 u + (4 × 1.008u), or 16.043 u. This means that one mole of methane has a mass of 16.043 grams.

A mole can be thought of as two bags of different sized balls. One bag contains 3 tennis balls and the other 3 footballs. There is the same number of balls in both bags but the mass of the footballs is much larger. It is a different way to measure things. Moles measure the number of particles, not the mass. So both bags contain three moles.

A mole is simply a unit of the number of things. Other common units include a dozen, meaning  12, and a score, meaning 20. Similarly, a mole refers to a specific quantity-- its distinguishing feature is that its number is far larger than other common units. Such units are typically invented when existing units can not describe something easily enough. Chemical reactions typically take place between molecules of varying weights, meaning measurements of mass (such as grams) can be misleading when compared the reactions of individual molecules. On the other hand, using the absolute number of atoms/molecules/ions would also be confusing, as the massive numbers involved would make it all too easy to misplace a value or drop a digit. As such, working in moles allows scientists to refer to a specific quantity of molecules or atoms without resorting to excessively large numbers.

The SI units for molar concentration are mol/m. However, most chemical writing uses mol/dm, or mol dm, which is the same as mol/L. These units are often written with a capital letter M (pronounced "molar"), sometimes preceded by an SI prefix, for example, millimoles per litre (mmol/L) or millimolar (mM), micromoles/litre (µmol/L) or micromolar (µM), or nanomoles/L (nmol/L) or nanomolar (nM).

The absolute yield of a chemical reaction mostly stated in moles (called the "molar yield").

Plesiosaurus

Plesiosaurus was a large fossil marine reptile, a genus in the order Plesiosauria. 

The first specimen discovered by Mary Anning in 1820-21 was missing its skull. She found it on the 'Jurassic Coast' of Lyme Regis, Dorset, England. In 1823 she found another one, this time complete with its skull. The name "Plesiosaurus" was given by the Rev. William Conybeare.

"Plesiosaurus" was a predator, living mostly on fish and belemnites. It would swim through schools of fish and use its long neck and sharp teeth to snap them up.

"Plesiosaurus" was a fairly typical member of its order, and measured around 3 to 5 metres (10 to 16 ft) in total length. The snout was short, but the jaws were able to open very wide, and had a series of conical teeth in sockets. The neck was quite long, and the short tail was used for steering. Like all plesiosaurs, it used its large paddles to swim.

Only two species are known, and the genus existed for about 25 million years from the beginning of the Jurassic period.

Scientists have wondered whether ancient reptiles like pleisiosaurs were warm-blooded or cold-blooded. Scientists from the University of Plymouth studied many animals of different sizes from insects to whales that dive and hold their breath. They found that larger animals can hold their breath longer than smaller animals because they can store more oxygen. They also found this difference was much bigger for warm-blooded animals than for cold-blooded animals. They said this could be why whales became so large. They think since plesiosaurs were also large, like whales, they were more likely to be warm-blooded than cold-blooded.

Scientists also looked at the phosphate molecules inside plesiosaurs' teeth and saw the oxygen isotopes that suggested they had been warm-blooded.

Doraemon

Doraemon was turned into an anime television show in 1973. It still is being shown on television. As of 1996, about 100 million comic books have been sold. A Japanese-to-English version of the original called "Doraemon: Gadget Cat from the Future" was published from 2002. A local translation is published in each Asian country such as Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Vietnam. It is in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia, but it is not as popular as it is in Asia. Doraemon is endorsed by 7-11 in Thailand as a mascot.



Several other characters compose the world of Doraemon, and have played all kinds of roles.


Alfred the Great

Alfred the Great (c. 849 - 26 October 899) was King of Wessex from 871 to 899. He was the first king from the British Isles to call himself the 'King of the Anglo-Saxons' and so he is sometimes said to be the first English king. Alfred started the Royal Navy in the 9th century.

Alfred was the youngest son of King Æthelwulf of Wessex and Osburga. She was the daughter of Osburga, Athelwulf's butler. Alfred was born in 849 in the royal village of Wantage then in Berkshire. In the world he grew up in there was constant talk and fear of Viking raiders. For fourteen years they had been raiding but a year after Alfred's birth they stayed all winter. The Viking menace was now settled on the island of Thanet in Kent.

When he was about four, Alfred's mother, Osburga, died. At age twelve, Alfred had difficulty finding a qualified teacher to help him learn to read and write. He finally overcame the problem and learned to read and write by using the writings of the church. At some point in his childhood Alfred was made a (a high rank in Anglo-Saxon England styled on the Roman office of consul). The ceremony involved him receiving a red cloak, a jeweled belt and a sword. This ceremony meant he was not destined to join the church, as the younger sons typically were. His life as an adult would be as a nobleman and possibly, if he survived his four older brothers, as king, someday.

Before he was seven years old, he had traveled to Rome twice. In 853, Alfred was sent with an escort and met Pope Leo IV. In 855 King Æthelwulf traveled to Rome taking his young son Alfred with him. They stayed in Rome a year and returned through France. There, king Æthelwulf and his son Alfred stayed at the court of Charles the Bald. Æthelwulf became engaged to Charles's eldest daughter, Judith, then about aged twelve. That same October, they were married at Verberie in northern France.

While Alfred and his father were in Rome and France, 855-856, his older brother Athelstan died. When the king came back, his son Ethelbald was trying to start a civil war. To prevent this from happening Æthelwulf stepped down as king. He gave the rule over Wessex to his son Ethelbald. He took over the rule of Kent, Essex, Sussex and Surrey ruling Wessex as the under-king with his child bride Judith sharing his throne. In 858 king Æthelwulf died.

Ethelbald, now accepted by everyone as king married his and Alfred's stepmother Judith. According to Asser, all men in England were horrified. Two years later in 860, Ethelbald was dead. Alfred's third brother, Ethelbert, became the new king. He united all of Wessex into one kingship. Queen Judith sold all of her lands in England and went back to France.

The next brother to rule Wessex was Ethelbert. In the same year he succeeded his brother there was a great Viking raid on the south coast of England. The Vikings plundered Winchester the chief city of Wessex and obtained a great deal of . As they returned to their ships they were ambushed by Anglo-Saxons from Hampshire and Berkshire. A few survived and returned to their ships. For the next three years Southern England was free of Viking raids. But the year 865 saw the arrival of the Great Heathen Army in East Anglia. For a time they were more interested in Northumbria. They took control of York and moved south into Mercia then made their winter camp in Nottingham.

Meanwhile, King Ethelbert died in early 866. So far all the brothers had been childless and so the succession was passed from brother to brother. The fourth brother in line was Ethelred. He became king in 866. It was at this time Alfred was given the title of "Secundarius" (Latin for secondary). This meant he was given the power to rule over part of the kingdom or to share some power with his brother over the entire kingdom. In 868 Burgred, the King of Mercia, asked King Ethelred and Alfred for their help against the Danes (Vikings). But their forces together could not defeat the Danes. By 871 the Mercians and East Anglians had been defeated. Only Wessex could mount an army against the Vikings. That year Wessex was invaded by a large Danish army. After many battles the Anglo-Saxons were able to slow the Danes' progress. Ethelred died. He left a young son named Ethelwald who later rebelled against Edward the Elder.

Alfred became king in the middle of this conflict. But before the end of the year he succeeded in effecting a peace, probably by paying a sum of money to the invaders.

Alfred earned the name 'the Great' by defending the kingdom from Viking invasions. Alfred was a scholar and encouraged education in the kingdom as well as improving the legal system.

By the close of the ninth century the four independent kingdoms of England had been reduced to just one. Wessex was the only remaining kingdom not destroyed by the Vikings. Beginning about 886 Alfred claimed to be the king of all the English. The exception was those parts of England that were under Danish rule. This was the beginning of unifying England under a single king. For many Alfred was the first king of the English. But he did not technically rule all of England. That distinction was given to Athelstan (ruled 924–939). King Athelstan was Alfred's eldest grandson.

In the 880s Alfred formed a marriage alliance with Mercia, still a powerful kingdom. His daughter, Æthelflæd, married king Æthelred, of Mercia. After his death Ethelflaeda ruled as Queen of Mercia.

By 890 Alfred was making literacy among his people a priority. There were still Viking attacks, so Alfred was still telling his people to continue fighting and not give up. Alfred died in 899. He was succeeded by his son, Edward the Elder who was crowned on (8 June) 900.

In 868 Alfred married Ealhswith, daughter of Ethelred, surnamed Mucill, Ealdorman of the Gainas. Together they had several children:



Festival

A festival is a gathering of people to celebrate something. It can also refer to a one-day or more when people in a country have a holiday so that they can celebrate something. Festivals may be religious or national. They also may be events which feature different cultural programs such as music, dancing, poetry, movies, etc.


Oort cloud

The Oort cloud, or Öpik–Oort cloud, is a cloud of comets and other objects. Astronomers believe it is way beyond the orbits of Pluto and the Kuiper belt. The Oort cloud is believed to be the source of long-period comets in the Solar System.

The Oort cloud may lie about 50,000 AU, or nearly a light-year, from the Sun. This means the cloud is nearly a quarter of the way to Proxima Centauri, the nearest star to the Sun. 

The Kuiper belt and scattered disc, the other two reservoirs of trans-Neptunian objects, are less than one-thousandth of the Oort cloud's distance. The outer limit of the Oort cloud defines the boundary of the Solar System and the region of the Sun's gravitational dominance.

The Dutch astronomer Jan Hendrik Oort published the Oort cloud idea in 1950. The Oort cloud was named after him, as were the Oort comet, and Oort constants.

The Oort cloud takes up a lot of space and is thought to have trillions of comets about tens of millions of kilometers apart. 

The Oort cloud is made up of an inner Oort cloud and an outer Oort cloud. The outer cloud is weakly bound to the Sun; long-term comets are thought to come from there. The Inner cloud is also called the Hills cloud and maybe the maker of comets.

The objects in the Oort cloud are believed to consist of much ice. Since the object 1996 PW was found to be a rocky body in an orbit typical of long-period comets, it is believed that rocky objects might be in the Oort cloud. 

The Oort cloud is thought to be the remains of a disk made out of gas that surrounded the Sun long ago.

Dynasty

Dynasty means rulers who belong to the same royal family for generations. The term is also used to describe the era during which that family ruled.

Famous dynasties were: 















































Han dynasty

The Han dynasty came to power in 202 BC. They followed the philosophies of Confucianism and legalism. This was called 'the Han synthesis'.

Under this dynasty, China made progress in arts and science. The empire also became larger and larger. China started trading with a number of other countries. They started the Silk Road. Merchants used the Silk Road to reach China. During this dynasty Buddhism was introduced in China. Today, the dominant ethnic group of China calls themselves the Han Chinese since this was the dynasty where many of the norms of Chinese culture found a firm foundation in the culture, including Confucianism and Chinese characters. The first emperor of the Han dynasty is Liu Bang, known in Chinese as Emperor Gaozu of Han. The Han dynasty was considered the golden age of early china.

The Han dynasty ruled China from 206 B.C. to 220 A.D. The new emperor maintained a legalist ideology just like the Qin dynasty but also had ideas of Confucianism to have a centralized system showing benevolence. After eighty years, Emperor Wu of Han launched a period of military expansion. The Han armies controlled many territories, including Silk Road in Mongolia and Xinjiang. The Silk Road  helped make a political, economic, military, and culture center, but it was very expensive to manage and further expansion was cut off. Several factors contributed to the fall of the Han dynasty, including uprisings of desperate and hungry people, the spread of attacks by nomadic groups, and official corruption.

Fairbank, John King and Merle Goldman 1992. "China: a new history". 2nd enlarged edition 2006. Cambridge: MA; London: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. 


Zhou dynasty

The Zhou dynasty replaced the Shang dynasty in 1046 BCE. The kings of this dynasty made the empire a lot bigger. For the first time in the history of China, many people began moving to far away places inside the empire. The Zhou rulers moved the capital from Henan to a place near present-day Xi'an, near the Yellow River. The Zhou Dynasty also brought the theory of the Mandate of Heaven. This theory said that the fact that rulers were in charge proved that the gods wanted them to be in charge. Almost all dynasties of Chinese rulers after the Zhou continued to believe this theory.

Mature Chinese philosophy developed during the Zhou Dynasty. The greatest Chinese philosophers were Confucius (), founder of Confucianism, and Laozi, founder of Daoism. Other philosophers, theorists, and schools of thought from the Zhou Dynasty were Mozi (Latin: Micius), founder of "Mohism", Mencius (), a famous Confucian who expanded upon Confucius legacy, Shang Yang and Han Feizi, responsible for the development of "ancient Chinese" Legalism (the core philosophy of the Qin Dynasty), and Xunzi.

Tony Iommi

Frank Anthony "Tony" Iommi (born 19 February 1948, in Birmingham, England) is a British guitarist and songwriter. He is most famous for starting the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. He is the only person who has stayed a member of the band since it began in 1968. He lost two finger tips in a work accident, and made two fake finger tips from a plastic bottle. This helped give Black Sabbath their heavy sound.

In 2003, Iommi was listed at number 86 in Rolling Stone Magazine's ""100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time"" issue.

Along with Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin, Iommi is oft considered one of the greatest riff writers of all time. Iommi used several riffs in Black Sabbath's songs.

He was born to an Italian immigrant family and has dual Italian British citizenship. 

In 2006 Tony Iommi was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Yellow River

The Yellow River (Huáng Hé 黄河) is the second longest river in China (after Yangtze River) and the sixth longest in the world. The river is 5464 km long and it drains at the Bohai Sea, a gulf of the Yellow Sea. The river is often called the "Mother River of China" and "the Cradle of the Chinese civilization" in China. In Chinese mythology, the river is home to the deity Hebo.


Rebellion

A rebellion is when people refuse to obey orders and fight against authority. Those who do this are “rebels”. They may be citizens of a country who try to take over the government by force because they do not trust the current system. Some rebels in history were slaves who fought back against their masters or against slavery in general. Leaders of slave rebellions include Spartacus and Nat Turner.

The Zhou dynasty in China feared rebellion. Rulers of other Chinese states that were captured live were made to with their families in the Zhou capital, Anyang. However, this way failed to stop rebellion because groups of lords were brought together that could rebel. The Zhou dynasty declined because other lords who were ruling parts of China rebelled.

Rebellion is a usual method of secession. 

List of French monarchs

Ruled from the start of the Frankish Kingdom in 486 to 1870. During most of its history, France was ruled by kings. Four Carolingian monarchs were also Roman Emperors and the Bonapartes were Emperors of the French.

This article lists all rulers to have held the title "King of Franks", "King of France", "King of the French" or "Emperor of the French".

The title "King of the Franks" was in use until the reign of Philip II. During the short time when the French Constitution of 1791 was in effect (1791–1792) and after the July Revolution in 1830, the style "King of the French" was used instead of "King of France (and Navarre)".

In addition to the Kingdom of France, there were also two French Empires. The First French Empire was from 1804 to 1815. It was founded and ruled by Napoleon I. The Second French Empire was from 1852 to 1870. It was founded and ruled by his nephew Napoleon III Then 3rd 4th and 5th republic formed

The name of France comes from the Germanic tribe known as the Franks. The Merovingian kings began as chieftains. The oldest known was Chlodio. Clovis I was the first of these to rise to true kingship. After his death, his kingdom was split between his sons into Soissons (Neustria), Paris, Orléans (Burgundy), and Metz (Austrasia). Several Merovingian monarchs brought back together the Frankish kingdoms and took the title of "King of the Franks". But upon their deaths, according to Frankish custom, the kingdom would often be split once again between their sons.

The last Merovingian kings, known as the lazy kings (rois fainéants), did not hold any real political power. The Mayor of the Palace governed instead. When Theuderic IV died in 737, Mayor of the Palace Charles Martel left the throne vacant and continued to rule until his own death in 741. His sons Pepin and Carloman briefly brought back the Merovingian dynasty by raising Childeric III to the throne in 743. In 751, Pepin deposed Childerich and took the throne.

Three of the twelve kings during the 147-year Carolingian Dynasty – Odo, his brother Robert I and Robert's son in law Raoul/Rudolph – were not from the Carolingian Dynasty but from the rival Robertian Dynasty. The Robertian Dynasty became the Capetian Dynasty with when Hugh Capet took the throne in 987.

The Capetian Dynasty, the male-line descendants of Hugh Capet, ruled France from 987 to 1792 and again from 1814 to 1848. The branches of the dynasty which ruled after 1328 are generally called Valois and Bourbon.

"Not listed above are Hugh Magnus, eldest son of Robert II, and Philip of France, eldest son of Louis VI. Both were co-Kings with their fathers but died before them. Because neither Hugh nor Philip were sole or senior king in their own lifetimes, they are usually not listed as Kings of France."

"From 21 January 1793 to 8 June 1795, Louis XVI's son Louis-Charles was titled King of France as Louis XVII. In reality, he was imprisoned in the Temple during this time. His power was held by the leaders of the Republic. On Louis XVII's death, his uncle Louis-Stanislas claimed the throne, as Louis XVIII. He was only "de facto" King of France in 1814."

"The First French Republic lasted from 1792 to 1804, when its First Consul, Napoleon Bonaparte, declared himself Emperor of the French."

"The elder son of Charles X, the Dauphin Louis-Antoine, is sometimes said to have legally been the King of France as Louis XIX. This is in the 20 minutes between Charles X's formal signature of abdication and the Dauphin's own signature."<br>
"Henri d'Artois, Charles X's grandson, is said by monarchists to be the King of France, as Henry V from 2 August 1830 to 9 August 1830. He was never recognized by the French State. He is generally not in lists of official French monarchs."

There was a brief period (20 March 1815 to 8 July 1815) called the Hundred Days in which Louis XVIII was king somewhat before the time, but fled because of Napoleon I's return from Elba

"The Second French Republic lasted from 1848 to 1852, when its president, Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte, was declared Emperor of the French."

The chronology of Head of State of France continues with the Presidents of France. There were short-term periods by the Chief of State of the French State (1940–1944), the Chairman of the Provisional Government of the French Republic (1944–1946) and the President of the French Senate (1969 and 1974) during the Fifth Republic.

Battle

A battle is a fight between two or more groups where each group is trying to defeat (beat) the others. Battles are most often fought during wars. A small battle fought by only a small part of the armies is called a skirmish. Series of battles are called military campaigns. The ground on which a battle is fought is called a battlefield.

Battles can very important, for example the 1389 Battle of Kosovo, which was a draw in military terms, and the 1798 Battle of the Nile which the French lost, changed the history of Europe and the world. 



Device

Device could mean:
Devise could also mean:

Or see the placename Devizes

Edward IV of England

Edward IV (28 April 1442 — 9 April 1483) was the King of England from 1461 until he was deposed in 1470, and again from 1471 when he was restored to the throne until his death in 1483. He was a main figure in the Wars of the Roses. The Wars of the Roses were a series of civil wars in England. They were fought between the Yorkist and Lancastrian groups between 1455 and 1487. 

Edward became the leader of the House of York when his father, Richard, Duke of York died at the Battle of Wakefield in December 1460. Edward and his forces beat the Lancastrian armies at Mortimer's Cross and Towton in early 1461. After this, he deposed King Henry VI and became King of England. In 1464, he married Elizabeth Woodville. This led to conflict with his chief advisor, Richard Neville, Earl of Warwick, known as the "Kingmaker". Warwick wanted Edward to marry a princess from another country. In 1470, Warwick and Edward's brother George, Duke of Clarence led a revolt. They briefly re-installed Henry VI as king. 

Edward fled to Flanders. In Flanders, he gathered support. His forces invaded England in March 1471. After winning the battles of Barnet and Tewkesbury, he became king again. Soon after this, Henry VI was found dead in the Tower of London. Edward ruled in relative peace for the next twelve years. He died suddenly in April 1483. He was succeeded by his son Edward V, but Edward IV's brother Richard III soon took the throne.

Edward was seen as a strong and popular king. He was also tall at . This was very tall for a man in the 15th century. His height, as a monarch, was only passed by Peter I of Russia who was tall.

Pterosaur

Pterosaurs were flying reptiles which lived in the Mesozoic era at the same time as the dinosaurs. 

Many pterosaurs were fairly small, but in the Upper Cretaceous some grew larger than any other flying animals. The pterosaur "Quetzalcoatlus" had a wing-span of up to 12 metres (~40 feet).

The first fossils occur in the Upper Triassic, and the group continued until the K/T extinction event at the end of the Cretaceous (220 to 65.5 million years ago). Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight. Their wings were made from a flap of skin between their bodies and a big fourth finger (sometimes called the "wing finger"). The pterosaurs evolved into two groups. The earlier Rhamphorhynchoids (e.g. "Rhamphorhynchus") had long tails and toothed jaws; The pterodactyloids (e.g. "Pterodactylus") had short tails, and many had beaks with no teeth.

The first pterosaur fossil was discovered in the Late Jurassic Solnhofen limestone in Germany in 1784. This was exactly the same place as "Archaeopteryx" was found years later. Georges Cuvier first suggested that pterosaurs were flying creatures in 1801. Since the first pterosaur fossil was found, twenty-nine species of pterosaurs have been found in those deposits alone. 

A famous early UK find was an example of "Dimorphodon" by Mary Anning, in 1828 at Lyme Regis, Dorset, England. The name Pterosauria was coined in 1834.

Pterosaurs were genuine fliers, able to flap or soar. Their bodies were covered with fine hairs, so they were able to regulate their temperature (they were warm-blooded). They are a close sister-group to the dinosaurs, part of the Archosauria.

This early group did well from the Upper Triassic to the Lower Cretaceous. When we first see them in the fossil record they have split into three families, so biologists know their early evolution is not yet revealed. These three families are represented by the three genera "Rhamphorhynchus", "Dimorphodon" and "Eudimorphodon". At least one more family appears at the start of the Jurassic, the Anurognathidae.

The group had a long tail, usually stiffened by rod-like bony tendons to keep it straight. This shows that their flight was extremely stable, which means it kept on course, rather than darted about. This feature is also found in "Archaeopteryx" and in early bats, and in insects like dragonflies.

To understand this, it helps to know some basic things about flight aerodynamics and stability. Early planes were highly stable, and so are airliners. To dart about quickly requires special advanced brains and reflexes, which later birds and pterosaurs had, but early ones did not. The analogy in planes would be fighter planes, which need such fast reactions that the details are worked out by computer, with the pilot indicating where to go. It requires more brains to control unstable flight than it does stable flight.

All species in the group have teeth. This again has a parallel with birds; "Archaeopteryx" and many Cretaceous birds have teeth; modern birds do not. The disadvantage of teeth is that they are quite heavy; when the animal can do without them, they will gradually get selected out. Obviously, without teeth food cannot be chewed, but there are ways around that. Stones in the gizzard do the grinding in birds.

For a long time it was thought that these pterosaurs died out at the end of the Jurassic, which was a minor extinction event. Even near the end of the Jurassic, "Rhamphorhynchus" was the most common pterosaur found at the famous "Archaeopteryx" site at Solnhofen in Bavaria, Germany. Now it is known that the group survived until the Lower Cretaceous. "Until recently, it was thought that rhamphorhynchoids died out at the end of the Jurassic, but new finds in the Jehol sequence of northeast China [show] that in this part of the world they survived until at least the middle of the Lower Cretaceous".

A single specimen of the insect-eating "Anurognathus" was also found at Solnhofen. It had a shorter tail than any other rhamphorhynchoid. This suggests its need to dodge about to catch insects: "agile and highly manoeuvrable".

Fossil pterodactyloids appear in the Upper Jurassic. They were short-tailed pterosaurs, suggesting that they had more sophisticated control of their flight, which no doubt gave them some advantages. 2–300 specimens of 17 different species of pterosaur have been found at Solnhofen from eight different genera. They include the earliest examples of "Pterodactylus", and "Germanodactylus", a genus which is also found in England and China. "Ctenochasma", also from Solnhofen, had a comb of 260 thin teeth showing it to be a filter-feeder that may have waded or swam in the water. There were several other genera with similar life-styles.

In the Lower Cretaceous there were many pterodactyloids, mostly quite small. Gradually, larger versions evolved, and by the Upper Cretaceous most pterosaurs had huge wing-spans and clearly covered huge distances soaring on upcurrents in a warm environment. "Pteranodon", with a wing-span of over 20 feet (7m), and "Quetzalcoatlus", with a wingspan of 40 feet (12m) are famous examples. The many dozens of partial skeletons of "Pteranodon" were found in areas where, in the Cretaceous of North America, there was a gigantic inland sea, the Western Interior Seaway. That makes it more or less certain that "Pteranodon" was mainly a fish-eating pterosaur. And, other sites in England and Argentina were also, at the time, shallow, warm inland seas. The general conclusion is that most pterosaurs were fish-eaters. 

However, it's worth remembering that animals from forest areas fossilize poorly. We can't say much about areas which are not fossiliferous. We do know that the land in the Jurassic and Lower Cretaceous was in part forested with Araucarian conifers like cypresses, and with yews. The forests would have had many insects.

Since birds were already common in the Lower Cretaceous, they would have competed vigorously with the smaller pterodactyloids. That may explain the extinction of the smaller pterosaur species, though the lack of fossils from the forested areas makes it difficult to judge. The huge Upper Cretaceous type pterosaurs clearly lived a different life-style from the smaller species, and one which was not yet accessible to birds. As the climate changed in the Upper Cretaceous, becoming colder and more seasonal, the number of pterosaurs became fewer. Recent publications have shown that more pterosaurs survived to the end-Cretaceous event than was previously thought.

Like most of the larger species on Earth, the huge pterosaurs did not survive the K/T extinction event. At least some families of birds did. So ended the competition between the two types of flying reptile through the long 79 million years of the Cretaceous period.

There are many adaptations of the head and jaws of pterosaurs, so it is quite certain that different forms used different feeding methods, as birds do. Overall, most fossils have been found in marine strata, which suggests that they could fly well over water, and that fish were on the menu for many species. The jaws of fish-eaters was long and often held forward-pointing teeth, good for catching fish (see "Anhanguera"). Remains of a last fish supper have been found in "Pteranodon".

Fossils show that one pterosaur, the "Pterodaustro" found in Argentina, had comb-like strainers in its mouth. The pterosaur probably ate by filling its lower jaw with water and pushing the water out of its mouth through the strainers. The strainers could catch any plankton or other small creatures that were in the water, and when the water was gone, the animal could eat what was left. Other species had long, compressed lower jaws, which suggest they were skimmers at the top of the water.

The other main item of diet was the insects. Flying insects were abundant in the Mesozoic, and many pterosaur species give clear signs that this was their food. These pterosaurs have a broad mouth, often with short peg-like teeth.

For a long time people thought pterosaurs could only glide and soar, and were not strong enough to flap their wings. In the 20th century, after aeroplanes had been invented, our understanding of flight advanced. English palaeontologists showed that pterosaurs could fly, and Tilly Edinger showed that by the end of the Jurassic, pterosaur brains were more like that of modern birds than of "Archaeopteryx". Recent work has used working model to simulate their flight. The wing membrane was about 1mm thick, with a tough skin and had long fibres reinforcing it. This can be clearly seen in some of the fossils. The structure helped the wings survive the stresses of flight. The larger pterosaurs were mainly soarers, as is the case with birds today.

How pterosaurs moved on the ground has been something of a mystery. It is most likely that they walked on four legs while on the ground, perhaps awkwardly. Fossil tracks have been found showing they used both their legs and hands to support themselves.
Pterosaurs also had special bones. They were extremely light (even more than bird's wings – some were almost as thin as a piece of paper), and some were almost hollow. Tiny holes in the bones are evidence of air sacs which extended into the vertebrae and limb bones, as it does with birds. Also present were supporting struts which made these bones stronger. With these special bones, even the largest of pterosaurs, "Quetzalcoatlus", probably weighed less than 200 pounds.

Pterosaurs were probably egg-layers, and some eggs have been found at pterosaur sites. There is evidence that some species, such as "Pteranodon", had sexual dimorphism (sexes looked different). The skeletons with large cranial (head) crests and small pelvic canals were presumably males. Where several specimens occur at the same location, adults can be distinguished from juveniles. Evidence of tooth wear in "Eudimorphodon" suggests the young were insectivorous, while the adults ate fish. Development took place rapidly in these warm-blooded reptiles, and much of their life-style parallels that of birds. The high energy-level needed for flight explains why both reptilian forms (pterosaurs and birds) developed similar metabolism. In many respects, birds and pterosaurs are good examples of convergent evolution.



Quetzalcoatlus

Quetzalcoatlus was a huge pterosaur, the largest animal ever to fly. It had a 10 to 12 meters wing-span (33/40 feet), but was light in construction (~200 pounds). 

"Quetzalcoatlus" had an unusually long neck, and when it stood on the ground it was as tall as a giraffe. 

Its fossil record is from the Upper Cretaceous of North America, 70–65.5 million years ago. "Quetzalcoatlus" became extinct at the K/T extinction event. 

A college student found the first "Quetzalcoatlus" fossil in Big Bend National Park in Texas. His name was Douglas Lawson, from the University of Texas in Austin. When he was in the park, he saw a bone sticking out of a rock. Since the bone looked hollow, like the bone of a bird, he thought it was part of a flying creature – and he was right. With his professor's help, he kept digging until lots of bones from an arm and wing were found. The rest of the animal's body was missing. Many others have looked for the rest of that huge pterosaur, but it has never been found. Other fossils of "Quetzalcoatlus" have been found, but none are as big as the one Lawson found.

Since "Quetzalcoatlus" was so large, two researchers suggested it was too heavy to fly. This would have been astonishing, because in the whole fossil record there is no flightless pterosaur. It has been thought their mobility on the ground was too poor for them to survive without flight. However, a recent discussion of this idea concluded they probably could fly after all. Another analysis suggested their flight was quite strong. Since we have only a few bones, the question of weight cannot be settled at present.

The feeding habits of "Quetzalcoatlus" (which had a long beak with no teeth) are unknown. This question, and its flight, are still being discussed. The lack of a more detailed skeleton is the main problem in reaching conclusions. Two theories have been proposed.

One idea is that it ate fish, by flying with its jaw in the water, and snapping up fish when it hit them. Texas was largely covered by the Western Interior Seaway at the time. "Of these proposed lifestyles, in-flight piscivory [fish-eating] appears to have gained the most acceptance, with skim-feeding being a frequently suggested foraging method.

The other theory is that it fed on land, partly as a carrion feeder, like vultures and buzzards, and foraged for small animals. This view is gaining ground, because the jaw does not show the adaptations for skimming found in modern birds who catch fish this way.

In flight, it was certainly a soarer, flying on up-currents of air in a warm environment, and its remains come from a site which was far inland in the Cretaceous.

"Quetzalcoatlus" was shown in the movie "When Dinosaurs Roamed America" eating a dead "Triceratops" carcass.

Mozilla (web browser)

Mozilla was a web browser that was made open source. It was developed by Mozilla Foundation. It was the base of Mozilla Firefox.



Fedora (operating system)

Fedora Linux is a distribution (or "distro") of Linux developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat. It is designed to be safe and is used by companies and governments. Fedora's mission statement is: "Fedora is about the rapid progress of Free and Open Source software."

Linus Torvalds, author of the Linux kernel, says he uses Fedora because it had fairly good support for PowerPC when he used that processor architecture. He became used to the operating system and continues to use it.

"Fedora Core 1" was the first version of Fedora and was released on November 6, 2003, and was codenamed Yarrow. Fedora Core 1 was based on Red Hat Linux 9 and shipped with version 2.4.19 of the Linux kernel, version 2.4 of the GNOME desktop environment, and version 3.1.4 of KDE (the K Desktop Environment).

"Fedora Core 2" was released on May 18, 2004, codenamed Tettnang. It shipped with Linux 2.6, GNOME 2.6, KDE 3.2.2, and SELinux XFree86 was replaced by the newer X.org, a merger of the previous official X11R6 release, which additionally included a number of updates to Xrender, Xft, Xcursor, fontconfig libraries, and other significant improvements.

"Fedora Core 3" was released on November 8, 2004, codenamed Heidelberg. This was the first release of Fedora Core to include the Mozilla Firefox web browser, as well as support for the Indic languages. This release also replaced the LILO boot loader with GRUB. SELinux was also enabled by default, but with a new targeted policy, which was less strict than the policy used in Fedora Core 2. Fedora Core 3 shipped with GNOME 2.8 and KDE 3.3. It was the first release to include the new Fedora Extras repository.

"Fedora Core 4" was released on June 13, 2005, with the codename Stentz. It shipped with Linux 2.6.11, KDE 3.4 and GNOME 2.10. This version introduced the new Clearlooks theme, which was inspired by the Red Hat Bluecurve theme. It also shipped with the OpenOffice.org 2.0 office suite, as well as Xen, a high performance and secure open source virtualization framework. It also introduced support for the PowerPC CPU architecture, and over 80 new policies for SELinux.

The last two cores introduced specific artwork for that version. This is a trend that has continued in later Fedora versions.

"Fedora Core 5" was released on March 20, 2006, with the codename Bordeaux, and introduced the Fedora Bubbles artwork. It was the first Fedora release to include Mono and tools built with it such as Beagle, F-Spot and Tomboy. It also introduced new package management tools such as pup and pirut ("see Yellow dog Updater, Modified"). This release replaced the old LinuxThreads, with the Native POSIX Thread Library.

"Fedora Core 6" was released on October 24, 2006, codenamed Zod. This release introduced the Fedora DNA artwork, replacing the Fedora Bubbles artwork used in Fedora Core 5. The codename is derived from the infamous villain, General Zod, from the Superman DC Comic Books. This version introduced support for the Compiz compositing window manager and AIGLX (a technology that enables GL-accelerated effects on a standard desktop). It shipped with Firefox 1.5 as the default web browser, and Smolt, a tool that allows users to inform developers about the hardware they use.

None of these distributions are maintained by the Fedora Project.

Fedora 10, codenamed "Cambridge", was released on November 25, 2008.

Fedora's official software package repository includes, for example, UNetbootin.



Bagel

Bagels are a type of bread made with flour. They look like doughnuts, and they are leavened with yeast. They have a crisp, shiny crust and a dense inside. Bagels are glazed, and in a ring-shaped roll. They are different from doughnuts because they are boiled before baked. Bagels are sometimes called "the cement doughnuts". 
The bagel is regarded as a special kind of Jewish food. They are eaten usually for breakfast or a snack.

Bagels are made from the basic bread ingredients of flour, yeast, salt, and sweet kinds of spices. Flour gives the bread its chewy taste, which can be made more light by eggs, milk, and butter. They are the only bread product that is boiled before it is baked.

Bagels are often toasted in a toaster and then paired with foods like cream cheese (a soft cheese that tastes a little sweet) and jam, or with butter. Bagels can also be used to make sandwiches, with meat (for example smoked salmon) and egg and cheese. Bagel sandwiches are usually eaten for breakfast or lunch.

Bagels were formally an obscure ethnic treat found only in the city's Jewish neighourhoods. Bagels were first sold in grocery stores in the 1950s. Frozen bagels were first introduced in 1960.

When Polish Jews went away to America, they brought the beugel with them. The first beugel bakeries were founded in New York City in the 1920s. Later the name was changed and called a bagel. Bagels have been used as a symbol of the continuous cycle of life—without beginning and without end.

In the East End of London, the bagel is known as a beigel, and poplar in many of the areas where many Jewish immigrants first arrived in London in the 19th century, such as Whitechapel and Spitalfields, and Brick Lane in particular, home to the Beigel Bake.

Doughnut

A doughnut (spelled donut in various marketing sectors) is a type of deep fried dessert food made out of dough or batter.

Round ringed doughnuts are made by joining the ends of a long, thin piece of dough into a ring or by using a doughnut cutter, which perfectly cuts the outside and inside shape, leaving a doughnut-shaped piece of dough and a doughnut hole from dough removed from the center. This smaller piece of dough can be cooked or re-added to the batch to make more doughnuts. A disk-shaped doughnut can also be stretched and molded into a torus until the center breaks to form a hole. Or, a doughnut depositor can be used to place a circle of liquid dough (batter) into the deep fryer. Doughnuts can be made from a yeast-based dough for more puffy doughnuts or a special type of cake batter. Yeast-raised doughnuts contain about 25% oil by weight, whereas cake doughnuts' oil content is around 20%, but they have extra fat in the batter before frying. Cake doughnuts are fried for about 90 seconds at about 190 °C to 198 °C, turning once. Yeast-raised doughnuts absorb more oil because they take longer to fry, about 150 seconds, at 182 °C to 190 °C. Cake doughnuts normally weigh between 24 g and 28 g, whereas yeast-raised doughnuts normally are 38 g and are mostly larger when finished. Some types of cake doughnuts are also baked, as opposed to fried, which greatly reduces the fat content.

The two most common types of doughnut are ring doughnuts, which are shaped like rings, and filled doughnuts, which are round and have jam, jelly, custard, whipped cream, or chocolate inside them. There are also "doughnut holes" or "munchkins" which come in the shape of small balls. Most doughnuts have an icing (also called a "frosting") made with icing sugar, water, and flavourings (such as chocolate). Some doughnuts are rolled in sweet foods such as sugar or shredded coconut.

Doughnuts are often eaten in the morning, along with a cup of hot coffee. Doughnuts are sold at doughnut shops, bakeries, or grocery stores. People also eat doughnuts as a dessert, or as a snack. Canadians eat more doughnuts per person than any other nation and has more doughnuts shops per person than any other nations.


Mary II of England

Mary II (30 April 1662 – 28 December 1694) was Queen regnant of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 1689 until her death. Mary was a Protestant. She became queen after the Glorious Revolution, which resulted in the deposition of her Roman Catholic father, James II and VII. Mary ruled together with her husband, William III and II. He became the ruler of both countries when she died in 1694. Popular histories usually call their joint reigns as those of "William and Mary". Mary had less power than William when William remained in England. When William went to military campaigns, however, she governed alone. She was a powerful, firm, and effective ruler. She gave most of her authority to her husband, but he greatly depended on her. She was very active in the Church of England, ruling it as its Supreme Governor.

Mary was born at St. James Palace in London on 30 April 1662. Her father was James, Duke of York, and her mother was his first wife, Lady Anne Hyde. She was their oldest daughter. Mary's uncle was Charles II. Her grandfather by her mother's side was Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon. He served for a long time as Charles's chief advisor. Her mother gave birth to eight children, but only Mary and her younger sister Anne lived to adulthood.

The Duke of York became a Roman Catholic in 1668 or 1669, but Mary and Anne had a Protestant education, as Charles II had commanded. Mary's mother died in 1671, and her father married again in 1673. He took Mary of Modena, a Catholic, as his second wife. She was also known as Mary Beatrice d'Este. Before her marriage, Mary wrote many letters to Frances Apsley, the daughter of James II's hawks keeper. However, she did not return Mary's interest.

When she was 15, Lady Mary became betrothed to her first cousin, the Protestant William, Prince of Orange. William was the son of Mary, Princess Royal and Prince William II of Nassau. At first, Charles II did not want Mary to marry William. He wanted Mary to marry the heir to the French Throne, the Dauphin Louis, instead. This was because he hoped that England would become friends with France. He also wanted to have a Catholic successor to the throne. But because of Parliament's pressure, he later approved their marriage. He thought that it would make the Protestants like him more, but he was wrong. Mary and William married in London on 4 November 1677. It was reported that Mary wept through the whole ceremony.

Mary went to the Netherlands and lived there as William's wife. The Dutch people liked her because of her lively, friendly nature, and Mary loved William deeply. However, the marriage was often unhappy. Her three pregnancies ended in miscarriage or stillbirth, and Mary was very sad that she did not have a child. Her husband was often cold to her, and he had an affair with Elizabeth Villiers, one of Mary's ladies-in-waiting, for a long time. After some time, though, he grew warmer towards Mary.

When Charles II died without any children in 1685, the Duke of York became King as James II in England and Ireland. He also became James VII in Scotland. He tried to give freedom of religion to non-Anglicans. He did this by making the acts of Parliament invalid by Royal Decree. The public did not like this. Several Protestant politicians and noblemen entered into negotiations (trying to reach agreements through discussion) with Mary's husband as early as 1687. In May 1688, James forced Anglican clergymen to read the Declaration of Indulgence. The Declaration of Indulgence was a statement that gave religious freedom to those who did not agree with the Church of England. This made him much less popular. Protestants became even more fearful when his wife, Mary of Modena, gave birth to a son–James Francis Edward–in June 1688. They were fearful because the son would, unlike Mary and Anne, be raised a Roman Catholic. Some said that the boy had been secretly carried into the Queen's room in a bed-warming pan instead of her stillborn baby. There was no strong proof to support this story, but Mary publicly doubted the boy's legitimacy. She sent a list of suspicious questions to her sister, Anne, about the boy's birth.

On 30 June, the Immortal Seven secretly asked William, who was in the Netherlands with Mary, to come to England with an army. William, who was jealous of Mary's position and power, did not want to go at first. But Mary told William that she did not care about political power. She said "she would be no more but his wife, and that she would do all that lay in her power to make him King for life".

William agreed to attack. He declared that James' newborn son was the "pretended Prince of Wales". He also gave a list of what the English people wanted, and said that he only wanted to have "a free and lawful Parliament assembled". The Dutch army, which had been turned back by a storm in October, landed on 5 November. The English Army and Navy went over to William. At this time, the English people's confidence in James was very low. They did not even try to save their King. On 11 December, the King tried to run away, but failed. He tried to run away again on 23 December. This second attempt was successful, and James escaped to France. He lived there in exile until his death.

Though Mary was sad because of the deposition of her father, William ordered her to look happy when they arrived in London. Because of this, people thought she was being cold to her father. James also thought his daughter was unfaithful to him. This hurt Mary deeply.

In 1689, a Convention Parliament called by the Prince of Orange came together to discuss what they should do. William of Orange felt uncomfortable about his position. He wanted to rule as a King, not simply as a husband of a Queen. The only example of joint monarchy was from the sixteenth century. This was Queen Mary I and the Spanish Prince Philip. When they married, it was agreed that Prince Philip would take the title of King. But Philip II was King only during his wife's lifetime. He also did not have much power. William wanted to remain King even after his wife's death. Some important people suggested making Mary the only ruler. But Mary, who was faithful to her husband, refused.

On 13 February 1689, Parliament passed the Declaration of Right. In this declaration, it said that James, by trying to run away on 11 December 1688, had abandoned the government, so no one at the time was king. Normally, James's oldest son, James Francis Edward would have been the heir. However, Parliament offered the crown to William and Mary as joint Sovereigns instead. But it was added that "the sole and full exercise of the regal (royal) power be only in and executed by the said Prince of Orange in the names of the said Prince and Princess during their joint lives." The declaration was later extended to take out all Catholics. This was because "it hath been found (discovered) by experience that it is inconsistent (not in harmony) with the safety and welfare of this Protestant kingdom to be governed by a papist prince".

William and Mary were crowned together at Westminster Abbey on 11 April 1689. The Archbishop of Canterbury usually performed coronations. But William Sancroft, the Archbishop at that time, felt that James II's removal had been wrong. Therefore, the Bishop of London, Henry Compton, crowned them instead. On the day of the Coronation, the Convention of the Estates of Scotland declared at last that James was no longer King of Scotland. William and Mary were offered the separate Scottish Crown. This was because the two kingdoms were not united until the Acts of Union in 1707. They accepted on 11 May.

Even after this was declared, there was still strong support for James in Scotland. John Graham of Clevehouse, the Viscount of Dundee, raised an army and won a victory at Killiecrankie on 27 July. But Dundee's army suffered great losses, and he was seriously wounded at the start of the battle. This stopped the only effective resistance to William, and the revolt was quickly crushed. The next month, there was a great defeat at the Battle of Dunkeld.

In December 1689 Parliament passed one of the most important documents in English history. This was the Bill of Rights. This measure gave several rights to Parliament and the people. Among other things, it declared that the Sovereign could not break laws passed by Parliament, demand taxes if the Parliament did not agree, raise an army during a time of peace if the Parliament did not agree, or punish members of the House of Parliament for anything they said during discussions.

After either William III or Mary II died, the other was to continue to rule. The person who would become the monarch after them would be any of their children. After the children would be Mary's sister Anne and her children. Last of all would be any children William III might have had from any marriage after that.

From 1690, William was often away from England, at first fighting Jacobites in Ireland. While her husband was away, Mary took care of the government. She was a firm ruler, and ordered her own uncle, Henry Hyde, 2nd Earl of Clarendon, to go to prison for trying to put James II back onto the throne. In 1692, she fired and put John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, in prison for similar reasons. This made her much less popular. It also damaged her relationship with her sister, Anne. Anne had been strongly influenced by Churchill's wife, Sarah. She appeared at court with Sarah and supported Churchill, which made Mary very angry. She demanded that Anne make Sarah go away. Mary did not visit Anne during her pregnancy after that. After the baby was born, Mary did visit Anne, but she spent her time berating Anne for her friendship with Sarah. The sisters never saw each other again.

William had crushed the Irish Jacobites by 1692, but he continued with campaigns away from England to begin a war against France in the Netherlands. When William was away, Mary acted in her own name but on his advice. When he was in England, Mary never joined in political matters, as had been agreed in the Bill of Rights. However, she did join in the affairs of the Church, and all church matters passed through her hands.

Mary died of smallpox at Kensington Palace on 28 December 1694. She was buried at Westminster Abbey. When she died, Henry Purcell was called to write her funeral music, titled "Music for the Funeral of Queen Mary". William had grown to depend on Mary more and more, and was very sad when she died. It is reported that he said that "from being the happiest" he was "now going to be the miserablest creature on earth".

After Mary II's death, William III continued to rule as King. Princess Anne's last living child, William, Duke of Gloucester, died in July 1700. Parliament saw that William would have no more children. Because of this, it passed the Act of Settlement 1701. After Anne, the Crown would go to their nearest Protestant relative, Sophia, Electress of Hanover, and her Protestant heirs. When William III died in 1702, he was succeeded by Anne. She was succeeded by the son of Electress Sophia, George I.

Mary gave money to the College of William and Mary (in the present day Williamsburg, Virginia) in 1693. She also began the Royal Hospital for Seamen, Greenwich.



William III and Mary II called themselves "William and Mary, by the Grace of God, King and Queen of England, France and Ireland, Defenders of the Faith, etc." when they began their rule. On 11 April 1689, the Estates of Scotland recognized them as Sovereigns. From then on, William and Mary called themselves "William and Mary, by the Grace of God, King and Queen of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, Defenders of the Faith, etc.".

The arms used by the King and Queen were: "Quarterly, I and IV Grandquarterly, Azure three fleurs-de-lis Or (for France) and Gules three lions passant guardant in pale Or (for England); II Or a lion rampant within a tressure flory-counter-flory Gules (for Scotland); III Azure a harp Or stringed Argent (for Ireland); overall an escutcheon Azure billetty and a lion rampant Or (for the House of Orange-Nassau)".


Goal

Goal can mean more than one thing. These meanings are listed below:

1936 Summer Olympics

The 1936 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XI Olympiad, were held in Berlin, Germany. 

The games were thought to be successful. The costs of the games was mostly paid for by the German government.

A total of 49 nations sent athletes to compete at the Berlin games.




Mesopotamia

Mesopotamia (Ancient Greek: Μεσοποταμία - "land between rivers") is a historical region in the Middle East. It included most of today’s Iraq, and parts of modern-day Iran, Syria and Turkey. The 'two rivers' of the name referred to the Tigris and the Euphrates rivers.

The land was called "Al-Jazirah" ("the island") by the Arabs, and Egyptologist J.H. Breasted later included it in the Fertile Crescent. The region is bounded in the northeast by the Zagros Mountains and in the southeast by the Arabian Plateau.

The area is often called the cradle of civilization. The ancient writing called cuneiform was first used around 3000 BC by the Sumerians. Historically important cities in Mesopotamia included Uruk, Ur, Nippur, Nineveh, and Babylon.

Major territorial states were the Akkadian kingdom, the Third Dynasty of Ur, and the Assyrian Empire. Some of the important historical Mesopotamian leaders were Ur-Nammu (king of Ur), Sargon of Akkad (the founder of the Akkadian kingdom), Hammurabi (who established the Old Babylonian state), and Tiglath-Pileser I (who started the Assyrian Empire).

Many advances in technology were made by the ancient Sumerians, such as irrigation, trade by river, and flood control. Sumerians had agriculture and domesticated animals, or livestock, from the earliest records. Babylon is likely the first city built by settled people. Mesopotamia was also the place where the wheel was first used. First it was a potter's wheel that was used to make clay pots, then Sumerians adapted it for transport.

Mesopotamia is made up of different regions. Northern Mesopotamia is made up of hills and plains. The land is quite fertile due to seasonal rains, and the rivers and streams that come from the mountains. Early settlers farmed the land and used timber, metals, and stone. Southern Mesopotamia is made up of marshy areas and wide, flat, plains. Cities developed along the Euphrates and Tigris rivers which flow through the region. Early settlers had to irrigate the land along the banks of the rivers in order for their crops to grow.

Mesopotamia has been conquered many times by many different people. It was the heartland of the Sumerian, Akkadian, Babylonian and Assyrian empires. As each new group moved into the region they adopted some of the culture, traditions, and beliefs of the people who had come before. It was conquered by Alexander the Great (332 BC), the Parthians (150 BC), the Romans, the Persian Empire, and the Arabs (7th century). It is still one of the most fertile (and therefore valuable) parts of the Middle East.

Ancient Mesopotamia begins in the late 6th millennium BC, and ends with either the rise of the Achaemenid Persians in the 6th century BC or the Muslim conquest of Mesopotamia in the 7th century CE. This long period may be divided as follows:

The Epic of Gilgamesh is an ancient story about a relationship between Gilgamesh and his close companion, Enkidu. Enkidu is a wild man created by the gods as Gilgamesh's equal to distract him from oppressing the citizens of Uruk. Together they undertake dangerous quests that incur the displeasure of the gods. Firstly, they journey to the Cedar Mountain to defeat Humbaba, its monstrous guardian. Later they kill the Bull of Heaven that the goddess Ishtar has sent to punish Gilgamesh for turning down her advances.

The second part of the epic is about Gilgamesh's distressed reaction to Enkidu's death, which takes the form of a quest for immortality. Gilgamesh attempts to learn the secret of eternal life by undertaking a long and perilous journey to meet the immortal flood hero, Utnapishtim. The words addressed to Gilgamesh in the midst of his quest foreshadow the result:



Joss Whedon

Joss Hill Whedon (born June 23, 1964) is an American writer, director and producer. He was born Joseph Hill Whedon in New York City. He created the well-known television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Angel", and "Firefly", and has also written several movie scripts and several comic book series. He went to high school at a school in New York and Winchester College in England. After leaving high school, he received a film degree from Wesleyan University in 1987. Whedon is the director of the films "The Avengers" (2012) and "" (2015).

Whedon and Zack Snyder directed "Justice League" (2017).

After moving to Los Angeles, Whedon got his first writing job on the television series "Roseanne". After working on movie scripts for several years, he went back to television, where he created three television series. Joss has had Cameo appearances (brief 'fun' appearances) in his series "Buffy", "Angel", and "Firefly". He has also been in an episode of "Veronica Mars".

Whedon has been said to be the world's first third-generation television writer. His father is Tom Whedon, a writer for "The Electric Company" in the 1970s and "The Golden Girls" in the 1980s. His grandfather is John Whedon, a writer for "The Donna Reed Show" in the 1950s. His brother, Zack Whedon, is a writer on HBO's "Deadwood".

The movie "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", filmed by director Fran Rubel Kuzui after a script of Whedon's, was not well-liked by critics and audiences. Years after, Whedon picked up its idea again and turned it into a hugely successful television series, also called "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

The episode "Hush" (written by Whedon) got an Emmy Award nomination for Best Writing in a Drama Series in 2000. Another episode that got an Emmy Award nomination was "Once More, With Feeling", written and directed by Whedon. This was a musical episode, in which the actors were singing and dancing.

The series aired on The WB Network for five seasons, then moved to UPN for its last two seasons. It was the first series in television history to change networks between seasons without being cancelled and then picked up by a different network. Though "Buffy" first aired on Mondays at 9pm, from the middle of the second season it ran on Tuesdays at 8pm. In the musical episode, Buffy makes the comment, "Dawn's in trouble. Must be Tuesday."

"Angel" was a spin-off of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". The series was named after Buffy's vampire-with-a-soul boyfriend. It was created by Whedon and David Greenwalt. Tim Minear also helped at times. First shown in September 1999 on the WB, the series was on after "Buffy" on Tuesday evenings. When "Buffy" switched networks in 2001, "Angel" aired in a number of different time slots. The series' last episode had more people watching than the final "Buffy" episode. Joss Whedon was briefly in the series as the character 'Numfar' in its second season. The WB cancelled the series in May 2004 while it was in its fifth season. As Whedon had not planned to end "Angel," he had to change the story and ending of both the final season and the series.

The series "Firefly" did not go smoothly. Fox cancelled it in 2002, after airing only 11 of the 14 episodes and airing them out of order. The original two-hour pilot was the last episode aired. The contract with Fox did not allow the series to be shown by another network. Because of how Fox handled "Firefly", Whedon has said that he will not work with Fox again, under any circumstances.

Whedon had been writing a movie script about the "Firefly" series for Universal Studios. When the television series came out on DVD, the sales of the DVD were good enough to make sure the movie could be produced. In early 2004 Whedon said that a "Firefly" movie had been accepted by Universal, and shooting started in July 2004. The movie, called "Serenity", was in movie theaters in the United States on September 30, 2005. It was well liked by critics and fans, but did not make much money in theaters.

Although Whedon has said that he would not work with Fox again, it was announced on November 1, 2007 that this was changed. Whedon was hired to create seven episodes of a new series named "Dollhouse" starring Eliza Dushku. Dushku and Whedon have worked together before on "Buffy". The series is about people who have memories, skills and even complete personalities put into their minds for special jobs. After the job, their minds are erased until the next job. "Dollhouse" tells the story of Dushku's character, Echo, as she starts to remember things about herself even though her mind is constantly being erased. The series is about her trying to learn who she really is.

"Dollhouse" first aired on February 13, 2009.

Whedon has written and helped write several movies including "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Toy Story", "" and "Titan A.E.". He was nominated for an Academy Award for "Toy Story"'s screenplay.

He also wrote helped edit and rewrite the scripts of "Speed", "Waterworld", "Twister" and "X-Men". Except for "Speed", not much of Whedon's work stayed in the final versions of any of these screenplays. He has said that he had a good script for "Alien: Resurrection", which was ruined by its director Jean-Pierre Jeunet. His "Waterworld" script was thrown out. Only two of his lines were kept in the final script of "X-Men". Even the "Buffy" movie was very different from what he originally wrote. According to Graham Yost, the writer of "Speed", Whedon wrote most of its dialogue.

He wrote and directed 2005's "Serenity", based on his television series "Firefly". "Serenity" won the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form.

In 2006, Whedon was scheduled to write and direct Warner Bros.' version of "Wonder Woman". He eventually stopped working on the script. Universal Pictures agreed to a script by Whedon called "Goners" which he will also direct.

Parts of the storyline in the movie "" are very similar to what he wrote in the Marvel comic book "Astonishing X-Men". The idea of a cure for mutation was his story. The scientist who finds the cure in the movie is named Dr. Kavita Rao. This is the same name as the scientist in the comic book. Simon Kinberg has said someone at the studio who had read Whedon's comics asked the writers to use a mutant cure idea in their script.

In an interview with Empire Online, Whedon said he would like to direct a Harry Potter movie. However, he has not seen any of the movies and will not watch any until J.K. Rowling is done writing the series

In 2012, two movies produced by Whedon were released. The horror movie "Cabin in the Woods" was released in April. Whedon wrote the script for the movie with director Drew Goddard. On May 4th, the Marvel Comics superhero movie "The Avengers" was released in the United States. Whedon wrote and directed the movie. "The Avengers" was released internationally one week before it was released in the United States. This release did not include some of the largest international markets, including China, Russia and Japan. It still made $185M in it international opening week. It was the 9th highest foreign opening ever.

Whedon has loved comic books all his life. He wrote the Dark Horse Comics series "Fray". The story takes place in the far future of the Buffyverse.

He was also involved with the "Buffy" comic book series. He wrote the main storyline of the five-issue mini-series "Tales of the Vampires" and three stories in the "Tales of the Slayers". One of those stories was about Melaka Fray from "Fray".

The three-issue mini-series "" was based on the "Firefly" series. It took place just before the movie "Serenity". It was released from June to August 2005. The first two issues sold out before going into a second printing.

Whedon has said that more "Serenity" comics are planned for the near future.
Whedon and other "Buffy" writers write more for the "Buffy" series. These stories would take place after the final episode. They would be considered "Season 8". The first 6-issues are due out in March 2007. Both projects will be published by Dark Horse Comics. In August 2007, Dark Horse Comics began a series on online comics on MySpace. One of the series shown, "Sugarshock", is written by Whedon

Whedon is also writing "Astonishing X-Men" in Marvel Comics' popular series about the X-Men. This has been one of Marvel's best-selling comics in 2006. It has been nominated for many awards. It won the award for "Best Continuing Series" in 2006.

It has also been said that Whedon helped writers with the ending to the comic "Civil War".

Whedon will become the new writer of the Marvel comic "Runaways" when series creator Brian K. Vaughan finishes his run. Whedon is actually a fan of the series. He had a letter published in the first volume. The letter was included in the Volume 1 hardcover version.

Whedon sees himself as a feminist. Feminist themes are common in his work. The best example is what he says is his habit of writing about "teenage girls with superpowers". This is seen in "Buffy", "Firefly", and "Serenity". Whedon says his mother is the reason for his feminist idea. When Roseanne Barr asked him how he could write so well for women, he replied, "If you met my mom, you wouldn't ask." 

The character Kitty Pryde from the X-Men comic was an early model for Whedon's strong teenage girl characters: "If there's a bigger influence on Buffy than Kitty, I don’t know what it was. She was an adolescent girl finding out she has great power and dealing with it." Many of Whedon's young female characters went through the same type of thing. Whedon has now come full circle, writing the character of Kitty Pryde in the "Astonishing X-Men" comic.

Whedon is interested in the homosexual community. He is strongly for LGBT rights. In his works, including "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", he has gay characters as both the major and the minor characters. In "Buffy", he used scenes that suggested that either Xander Harris or Willow Rosenberg might be homosexual. At the time, he did not know which character he wanted to be gay. He decided that Willow would take part in a lesbian relationship with another young woman, fellow college student Tara Maclay. Two more minor characters in the series, Larry and Scott, were also homosexuals. In "Angel", the script hinted at a homosexual experience between Spike and Angel. In "Firefly", Inara Serra was shown as being bisexual. She accepted both male and female clients.

The dialogue in Joss Whedon's series and movies is notable. It is often very witty and has many pop culture references. Some are easy to notice other are more difficult. He also likes to turn nouns into adjectives by adding a "y" at the end of the word ("Vampires are fangy"). According to one of the "Buffy" writers, "It's just the way that Joss actually talks." 

Many characters die in Whedon's series. This is very true in "Buffy". It is common for extras and even minor characters to die in action-based series and movies. Whedon also kills off main characters. He gets the audience to care about the character before their death. It is a part of "doing [his] job". On the 'Serenity' DVD commentary, Whedon says that he'd rather have fans say 'Why'd they kill (that guy)? I liked him!' than 'Oh. He's dead. Turn the page'. Whedon often kills off characters right after something very good happens to them.

As seen in "Buffy," "Firefly," and "Angel", nearly all of the romantic relationships Whedon series end badly. One member in the relationship will usually end up dying or turning evil. The break-up will end up being very painful.

There is a strong theme that family is the group of people that a person lives their life with, not the people who raised them as a child. This is a major theme for the main characters in all of his television series.

Whedon often shows fathers in a bad way. Most of them are not around. Wes' father was shown several times to be abusive. While mothers play a big part in his works, characters rarely talk about or seem to be ever affected by their fathers. Whedon's characters often find someone to take the place of a father in their lives.


Guanajuato City

Guanajuato is a Mexican city. It is one of Mexico's safest cities. Guanajuato is the capital of Guanajuato state.

Bathurst, New South Wales

Bathurst is a city in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is about 200km west of Sydney. Bathurst has a campus of Charles Sturt University and a cathedral.

Bathurst is famous for Mount Panorama racetrack. Every year the Bathurst 1000 motor race happens over Easter. The race is a 1000 km event. The racetrack is 6.213km. It usually takes drivers about 7 hours to complete the race. 

List of Pacific typhoon seasons

The following is a list of Pacific typhoon seasons. Unlike Atlantic and Pacific hurricane seasons, they run for the whole year, starting on January 1 and ending on December 31. These dates are when tropical cyclones usually form in the western half of the Pacific Ocean, north of the equator.

1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959

1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969

1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979

1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989

1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999

2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009

2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

2020
2021
2022


Songhai Empire

The Songhai Empire dominated the western Sahel in the 15th and 16th century. 

At its peak, the empire was one of the largest in both Islamic and African history. The Songhai people were the ruling elite in the empire. Gao was the capital of the empire. Other important cities in the empire were Timbuktu and Djenné, conquered in 1468 and 1475 respectively. Trade flourished in those towns. 

Initially, the empire was ruled by the Sonni dynasty (c. 1464–1493), but it was later replaced and then ruled by the Askiya dynasty (1493–1591). After, the death of Sonni Ali and Askia Mohammed the empire was ruled by weak leaders and the Moroccans weakened and destroyed the empire.

SeaMonkey

SeaMonkey is a free and open source Internet application suite, which uses the Gecko rendering engine. It works on many operating systems. It is very useful, and includes an e-mail client, a calendar, a HTML editor, an IRC client, and a web browser. It is made by the SeaMonkey Council, formerly by Mozilla Foundation.

On March 10, 2005 the Mozilla Foundation said that they will not develop the Mozilla Application suite, including the Netscape web browser, because Firefox and Thunderbird were more popular. The SeaMonkey Council renamed the project SeaMonkey and continued its development. The newest version of its main release version is 2.53.17.1.

The web browser of SeaMonkey contains a lot of features used in new web browsers like tabbed browsing, pop-up blocking, e-mail, newsgroups, web editing software, spell checking, and an address book.

Optionally included in the SeaMonkey suite is an IRC chat application.



Proceratosaurus

Proceratosaurus was a small dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic, about 165 million years ago. It was found in Gloucestershire, England, in 1910. It was a carnivorous theropod.

"Proceratosaurus" was first believed to be an early ancestor of "Ceratosaurus", but it was actually an ancestor of the coelurosaurs. Thus, it was an early ancestor of "Tyrannosaurus" and its relatives in the Upper Cretaceous.

The animal in life was about 3m long and weighed up to 60kg.

Cowboy Bebop

Cowboy Bebop is a Japanese anime television show aired from 1998 to 1999. It was created by Sunrise and directed by Shinichiro Watanabe. The show is about a group of bounty hunters who travel in outer space to catch criminals. It has 26 episodes. The series has received a "TV-14" rating in the United States, while six episodes received a TV-MA and three episodes receiving a TV-PG. The series aired in the United States in 2001 on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. It was the first anime to be aired on Adult Swim. It was very successful. It was so successful that Cartoon Network decided to put more anime on Adult Swim. There is a movie, a manga, and two video games based on the show. The movie is called "". The video games are for Playstation and Playstation 2 were not released in the United States. The series is inspired by American culture. Jazz music is mostly played in the show. The episodes are called "Sessions." 

In 2071, the members of the space ship Bebop travel through outer space trying to catch criminals. Bounty hunters are known as "Cowboys". If they catch the criminals alive then they get a reward. If the criminals die, the cowboys get nothing. The criminals are called bounties. Most episodes are about catching a bounty. Some episodes are about the characters' pasts and lives. At the beginning there are two main heroes, Spike and Jet. Later they would meet with others. They had become the crew of the space ship Bebop. Other members of the Bebop are Faye, computer hacker Ed, and a dog named Ein.



The Vision of Escaflowne

The Vision of Escaflowne is a Japanese anime television show that aired in Japan on April 2, 1996. It is called Tenkuu no Escaflowne in Japanese which means "Escaflowne of the Heavens". It was made by Sunrise and directed by Kazuki Akane. Escaflowne has 26 episodes.

"Escaflowne" has two mangas based on it, a videogame that was made for Playstation, and a movie.



Episode 1 Faiteful Confession

Episode 2 The Girl From the Mystic Moon

Episode 3 A Gallant Swordsman
Episode 4 The Diabolical Adonis

Episode 5 Seal of the Brothers

Episode 6 City of Intrigue

Episode 7 Unexpected Partings

Episode 8 The Day the Angel Flew

Episode 9 Memories of a Feather

Episode 10 The Blue Eyed Prince

Episode 11 Prophecy of Death

Episode 12 The Secret Door

Episode 13 Red Destiny

Episode 14 Dangerous Wounds

Episode 15 Paradise Lost

Episode 16 The Guided Ones

Episode 17 The Edge of the World

Episode 18 Gravity of Destiny

Episode 19 Operation: Golden Rule of Love

Episode 20 False Vows

Episode 21 Reaction of Fortune

Episode 22 The Black Winged Angel

Episode 23 Storm Premonition

Episode 24 Fateful Decision

Episode 25 The Zone of Absolute Fortune

Episode 26 Eternal Love

Fusion

Fusion means to merge or combine. It could also mean:


Fir

Firs ("Abies") are about 45-55 species of evergreen trees in the family "Pinaceae". Fir trees can reach heights of 10–80 m tall and trunk diameters of 0.5–4 m when mature. The difference between firs and other members of the pine family is that their needle-like leaves are attached to the twig by a base that resembles a small suction cup, and by erect, cylindrical female cones 5–25 cm long that release the winged seeds. The male cones are normally much smaller and spread through the tree so that the wind can help pollinate the female cones.

Like all members of the pine family, these trees have a sticky sap called resin.

Fir wood is not good to use in buildings because it is not very resistant to insects and decay. It is usually cut or squeezed into thin sheets or pieces and made into plywood or for indoor or temporary outdoor use. However, fir trees are used widely in gardening. They can be used as shelter trees to protect other plants from wind or grown alone as decorative trees.

Conifer cone

A confier cone (or pine cone) is an organ on plants in the division Pinophyta (conifers). It is the part of a tree that lets the tree reproduce. Its name in botany is strobilus, plural "strobili".

The familiar woody cone is the female cone, which makes seeds. The male cones, which make pollen, are usually smaller and much less easy to see, even when fully grown. The smaller plates of a cone are known as scales.

The male cone (microstrobilus or pollen cone) is similar across all conifers, differing only in small ways across each species, mostly in scale arrangement. Extending out from a central axis are microsporophylls (modified leaves). Under each microsporophyll is one or many microsporangia (pollen sacs).

Conifer cones and their seeds have been used for lots of different purposes. They are often used for decorations. Some seeds, such as the seeds of pinyon pines, are used in prepared foods and baking. 

Most mature cones are closed when wet and open when dry. In a few species, it takes fire to open the cones.

Spike Spiegel

Spike Spiegel is the main character from the manga and anime " Cowboy Bebop". 

Spiegel is a bounty hunter and he pilots the spaceship Bebop. He is smokes cigarettes and was born on Mars. His main rival is Vicious, a former partner of Spiegel's in the Red Dragon Syndicate.

In his former life, Spiegel was a member of the triad Red Dragon Syndicate. During his time with them, he fell in love with Julia, Vicious's girlfriend and they tried to leave together. Spiegel ended up faking his own death to escape with her but she went into hiding instead. During the finale, Spike reunites with Julia but she is killed by the Red Dragon Syndicate. Spike faces them and Vicious at their headquarters. Spike fights his way to the top and shoots Vicious before collapsing from gunshot wounds. When asked, "Cowboy Bebop" director Shinichirō Watanabe said that he can't say if Spike actually died or not.

Spike was voiced by Kōichi Yamadera in Japanese and by Steve Blum in English. John Cho played Spike in the Netflix live-action version.

Spike has been well liked by critics with IGN putting him on their Top 25 Greatest Anime List, ranking him #4 in 2009 and #2 in 2014. "Animage" named him Best Male Character at their Anime Grand Prix in both 1998 and 1999.

Ein

Ein or EIN can have different meanings:





Punch and Judy

Punch and Judy is a very popular puppet show in Britain. It is traditionally performed at the seaside in a small booth which can easily be transported. The characters are all glove puppets. The story is told by a man who calls himself “The Professor”. He cannot be seen, but he wears the puppets on his hand like gloves and makes them move.

Punch wears a jester's motley. He is hunchbacked and his hooked nose almost meets his curved chin. He has a big stick and hits the other characters with his stick, saying "That's the way to do it!". He speaks in a funny way called a "swazzle". There is also a baby, a crocodile, a policeman and a string of sausages. The simple kind of humour used is called “slapstick”.

The Punch and Judy show has its origins in the 16th century Italian commedia dell'arte. This sort of comedy always had the same people in the stories (“stock characters”). The figure of Punch comes from the stock character of Pulcinella, called "Punchinello" in English. Punch's wife was originally "Joan".

May 9, 1662 is said by 'Professors' to be Punch's UK birthday, for that was the first known date on which the figure who later became Mr. Punch was seen in Britain. The diarist Samuel Pepys saw a puppet show using an early version of the Punch character near St. Paul's Church in London's Covent Garden.
The British show developed into "Punch and Judy". In other countries the stories developed differently. In Germany, Punch is called "Kasper" and Judy is "Grete". The characters date back to the 18th century in German-speaking countries. In The Netherlands Punch is called "Jan Klaassen" and Judy is "Katrijn"; in Denmark "Mester Jackel"; in Italy "Pulcinella" (with "Teresina" as the female part); in Russia "Petruschka"; in Romania "Vasilache"; and in France "Polichinelle".

In 1827, "The Tragical Comedy or Comical Tragedy of Punch and Judy" became the first published Punch and Judy script. In 2006, the Punch and Judy show was named one of 12 icons of Englishness by the British government’s Department for Culture, Media and Sport.

Boomerang (TV network)

Boomerang is the name of the 2nd television network owned by Cartoon Network. Boomerang was one of two spin-offs of Cartoon Network and Adult Swim showing classic animated cartoons and animated television series from the Hanna-Barbera archives. Cartoon Network showing Cartoon Network originals and modern cartoons, and Adult Swim showing adult cartoons for teens and adults.

It was launched at the end of the 20th century and introduced to satellite on February 1, 2000. There were bumpers telling you what was coming up next. 



Boomerang

A boomerang is a flying tool that is best known for its ability to return to the thrower. In the past, it was made of wood, but most of the modern boomerangs are made of other materials.

Despite being an Australian icon, ancient boomerangs have also been discovered elsewhere in Africa, the Americas, and Eurasia.

Most people know that Australian Aborigines used boomerangs for hunting. But the oldest boomerang was found in a cave in Poland and is more than 20,000 (twenty thousand) years old. This kind of boomerang does not return to the thrower, but it can fly longer distances and more stably than other things which can be thrown. These days (returning) boomerangs are usually used for recreation. 

Most of the boomerangs do not have the classical "L"-shape. The modern boomerang is special in that it will return to the one who threw it, if it is thrown correctly. However, some boomerangs do not return because their wings do not have the right profile. Most of the boomerangs are made for right-handed use. Left-handed people have to use other boomerangs that are mirror-inverted, or have to throw with their right hand. 

A boomerang is not thrown like a frisbee. It has to be thrown almost vertically, with an inclination of about 10–20 degrees and with a lot of rotation (spin). When facing the wind, throw with an angle of 30–45 degrees to the right (left-handed: to the left) of the wind. Be sure to choose a field that is big enough. Watch out for passers-by, and do not throw when people are standing in the range of the boomerang. See also the link provided in the section below.

There are a lot of boomerang clubs in many countries all over the world. These clubs organise workshops and tournaments. The best boomerang-throwers come from Australia, France, Germany, Japan, Switzerland and the United States of America. A few years ago, the International Federation of Boomerang Associations (IFBA) was founded to help to spread knowledge about boomerangs.


Niflheim

Niflheim is the world of frost and cold of Norse Mythology. Frost Giants live there. The river Hvergelmir also is there. Yggdrasil has one of its roots in the spring of the river. The serpent Nidhogg gnaws at this root.

Niflheim is ruled by the Giantess Angrboda.

Baldur

Baldr (also Balder, Baldur or Baldor) is the god of light and radiance, joy and purity, peace and forgiveness in Norse mythology. A member of the Æsir, he is the son of Odin and Frigg, and twin brother to the blind god of darkness, Höðr. His wife is called Nanna, with whom he had a son named Forseti, god of justice. Prior to his death, Baldr possessed a ship called Hringhorni, said to be the largest ship ever built. His hall is called Breidablik. 
Based on the Merseburg charms, one of his German names may have been Phol. 

Baldr once had a nightmare that he would be killed. His mother, Frigg, made all the things across the Nine Realms vow not to hurt him. The mistletoe did not vow, however, as Frigg considered it to be so unimportant that she thought nothing of it. Loki found out that the mistletoe had not vowed, and thus made a spear out of the dreaded plant, and tricked Höðr into throwing it at Baldr. Beings from all across the Nine Realms will come to attend his funeral, and Baldr's wife Nanna soon dies of grief. Loki is soon caught and sentenced to punishment; he is bound by the entrails of one of his sons, to face torture as the venom of a massive serpent drips from its fangs onto Loki's eyes. This causes him unimaginable pain, writhing in agony. (The goddess Skaði is responsible for placing the serpent above him). His wife Sigyn is stationed nearby, collecting the drips of venom into a bowl. When the bowl is full, she leaves to empty it, and when she does, the venom drips onto the trickster and gradually eats away at his flesh. Loki's escape from this predicament is the catalyst of Ragnarök, as upon his being freed, he will lead the forces of Jötunheimr and Svartálfheimr in a final assault against the gods. 

During Ragnarök, the veils/barriers between the realms will be broken, so Baldr will be able to escape from Helheimr. After the death of Odin at the fangs of the monstrous wolf Fenrir, Baldr and Höðr came back to life, meeting with the other survivors in the" "fields of Iðavöllr (Old Norse: "Iðavǫllr" - "splendour-plain"), where Asgard once lay. There, they shall rule in place of their father.

Cell (disambiguation)

A cell can mean:


Prophecy

A prophecy is a claim of what the future will be like, which is not based on any ordinary source of information. Prophecies are found in most religions. Not all people believe in prophecy. People that do think they come from God or a god. They are often hard to understand and need interpretation. Very often, they concern one very specific event. People who make prophecies are called prophets. In Ancient Greece, people who made prophecies were called oracles, most notably the Oracle of Delphi. Since then, people like Nostradamus have made prophecies.

To prophesy is to make a prophecy. The two words are spelled differently and pronounced differently. "Prophesy" is a verb, and "prophecy" is a noun.

There are many prophecies in the Bible. Some of these warn of punishments to come. There are two kinds of Bible prophecies. Some are conditional, that is, they include the possibility that the punishment can be avoided based on the hearers changing their ways. An example of this is found in the Book of Jonah. Other prophecies are unconditional. That means that the event will happen no matter what the hearers do to avoid it. There are also Bible prophecies that tell of future blessings. Blessings are good things that happen because of God's mercy and forgiveness. Some prophecies contain both punishment and blessings. Jesus made prophecies like this, warning people to believe in Him and live right, to get the blessing instead of the punishment. While some of the prophecies in the bible about future events are hard to understand, the moral warnings from Jesus are not hard to understand. For this reason, some preachers, like Moses, Jesus and other religious leaders who tell people to live a good life are called prophets by their followers even though they may not tell about future events.

Sometimes people think that God has told them something or that they have discovered something in the Bible that tells the future. Predictions of the end of the world have been made many times in history. 
When people set dates for events such as Christ's return, they have often been disappointed. Jesus himself said that "No one knows the day or the hour" of his return. 

Scientists sometimes make predictions about the future. These may be correct but often are wrong or only partly correct. The famous inventor Thomas Edison predicted that electricity would replace steam as a way to power trains, but he also predicted that gold could be made from iron, making it worth little as money. Einstein said in 1932 that atomic energy would never be possible. Politicians also make prophecies that may or may not prove to be true. Adolph Hitler predicted that the Nazis would rule for 1000 years, but they were defeated in only 12 years(1933-1944). Many organizations try to predict the outcome of elections, with very mixed accuracy. Others predict the winners of sporting events, but are often wrong. Games with unexpected results are called "upsets". A famous baseball player, Yogi Berra once said that "It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future". 

Sometimes people act in ways that have been previously prophesied. If they do this intentionally, this is called a "self fulfilling prophecy". Abraham Lincoln said "The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it." A negative way this works is when someone thinks they will fail at something, as so they don't try very hard to achieve it. 

Ornithomimus

Ornithomimus was a lightly built fast-running North American feathered dinosaur. 

"Ornithomimus" had three toes on each foot, long arms and neck, but a small head. It also had claws on each hand and foot. It had no teeth and weak jaws, which might mean it was omnivorous.

"Ornithomimus edmonticus" was the largest species, 12 ft (3.5 meters) long, 7 feet (2.10 meters) high and weighed about 100-150 kg. It walked on two legs and looked slightly like an ostrich, except for its long tail. 

There has been trouble with naming. Some speciments are put in other genera, like Dromiceiomimus and "Struthiomimus".

In 1995, 2008 and 2009, three "O. edmontonicus" specimens with evidence of feathers were found. Two adults had quill knobs on the lower arm, indicating the former presence of bird-like feather shafts. A juvenile had impressions of long fluffy feathers in the form of hair-like filaments covering the rump, legs and neck. 

The feather imprints were found in sandstone, previously thought to not be able to support such impressions.


Book of Job

The Book of Job () is the 18th book in the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament. It is one of the books in the class of poetry. 

The Bible says "In the land of Uz" there lived a man whose name was Job. He feared God and shunned evil. Job had seven sons and three daughters, and he owned seven-thousand sheep, three-thousand camels, five hundred yoke of oxen and five hundred donkeys, and had a large number of servants. He was the greatest man among all the people of the East." 
"When a period of feasting had run its course, Job would send and have them purified. Early in the morning he would sacrifice a burnt offering for each of them, thinking, "Perhaps my children have sinned and cursed God in their hearts. This was Job's regular custom."
The Bible also says that Job was a pious, rich, loyal and a man who loved God.

One day Satan and the Angels of God went to God. God tells Satan about his servant Job and how good he is. Satan says that the only reason he is like that is because God was good to him and gave him sons and daughters and many animals. Satan asks if he can test Job and God lets him. God tells Satan not to kill Job.

In the initial test, Satan killed each of Job's children as they enjoyed a meal, snatched up all of Job's animals, and killed the servants who were caring for the animals. Job did not curse God as Satan would have had Job do, despite all that Satan had done to him.

Satan and the Angels went to meet God again. Like before, God talked about how good his servant Job is. Satan says that Job will curse God if he makes Job sick, which he did. This is the last meeting with Satan, the Angels.

Satan afflicted sores all over Job's body. Job's wife told him to curse God and die. Job told her that if he said that, that would be foolish. Even though Job lost everything he had and suffered from painful sores all over his body, he did not sin against God by cursing him. Satan had failed in trying to make him sin. This is the final time Satan is mentioned in the Book of Job.

When Job's friends heard about the things that happened to him they went to comfort him. Most of the book tells of Job and his friends talking. The names of his friends are Eliphaz, Bildad, and Zophar. Towards the end of the book, Job's friends start to think that Job is not good because a lot of bad things are happening to him. Job keeps on saying that he is good but he starts to wonder if God really is good.

After God speaks to Job and his three friends, God asks Job where he was when He created the earth and filled it with amazing things (meaning that it is not possible for man to understand God's ways). God gets very angry at Job's friends for thinking that Job was not a good man and for saying things about God they did not know about, and Job prays for his friends: God answers his prayer. God blesses Job because he did not curse Him. God gives him more than he had before.


Abide with Me

"Abide with Me" is a religious song or hymn. It was written by Henry Lyte in 1847, and is typically associated with funerals and solemn events of remembrance. The song is sung at the start of the FA Cup finals.

Abide with me; fast falls the eventide;
The darkness deepens; Lord with me abide.
When other helpers fail and comforts flee,
Help of the helpless, O abide with me.

Swift to its close ebbs out life’s little day;
Earth’s joys grow dim; its glories pass away;
Change and decay in all around I see;
O Thou who changest not, abide with me.

Not a brief glance I beg, a passing word;
But as Thou dwell’st with Thy disciples, Lord,
Familiar, condescending, patient, free.
Come not to sojourn, but abide with me.

Come not in terrors, as the King of kings,
But kind and good, with healing in Thy wings,
Tears for all woes, a heart for every plea—
Come, Friend of sinners, and thus bide with me.

Thou on my head in early youth didst smile;
And, though rebellious and perverse meanwhile,
Thou hast not left me, oft as I left Thee,
On to the close, O Lord, abide with me.

I need Thy presence every passing hour.
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter’s power?
Who, like Thyself, my guide and stay can be?
Through cloud and sunshine, Lord, abide with me.

I fear no foe, with Thee at hand to bless;
Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness.
Where is death’s sting? Where, grave, thy victory?
I triumph still, if Thou abide with me.

Hold Thou Thy cross before my closing eyes;
Shine through the gloom and point me to the skies.
Heaven’s morning breaks, and earth’s vain shadows flee;
In life, in death, O Lord, abide with me.


Hail Mary

Hail Mary is a Christian prayer to Mary, the mother of Jesus. Most of the prayer comes from the Gospel of Luke. Some things were also added to the prayer during the 13th century (the 1200s). When a person says a Hail Mary, they ask Mary to pray for them.

In Roman Catholicism, the Hail Mary is the most prevalent prayer in the Rosary. The Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox also use the prayer. So do many other groups within Christianity, including Anglicans, Independent Catholics, and Old Catholics. Some Protestant denominations also use the Hail Mary.

The Hail Mary uses two phrases from Saint Luke's Gospel. The first is "Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou amongst women" (). (In Simple English, this means: "Be glad. You are full of grace. You are with God. You are blessed.") The second is "Blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb" (). (This means: "You and your child (Jesus) are both blessed.")

When the Hail Mary was first created, it was much shorter than it is now. In Western Europe, in the mid-13th century, the prayer was just a few words. The word "Mary" was added after the word "Hail." The entire prayer was "Hail Mary, full of grace." We know this from Saint Thomas Aquinas's writings about the prayer.

In the first phrase from Saint Luke's Gospel, the Angel Gabriel is greeting Mary. Like all of Saint Luke's Gospel, this phrase was first written in Koine Greek. The first word of greeting, , "chaíre", is translated "Hail." This means "Rejoice" or "Be glad." This was a normal greeting in Koine Greek. These greetings are still used in modern Greek.

The Hail Mary prayer used by the Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern Catholic Churches is written: This means:

The same thing can be translated differently into English:

"Theotokos" is the title given to Mary in the Eastern Churches. It is a Greek word that means "the one who gives birth to God."

There are different ideas about when the Hail Mary was changed to today's version. The Catholic Encyclopedia says that the Hail Mary was not changed until about 1050.

Saint Thomas Aquinas said that by the mid-thirteenth century, the Western churches had added only one word - "Mary" - to the Biblical verses the prayer came from. Adding her name made it clear that Mary was the person the prayer talked to. However, around the same time, the name "Jesus" was also added. This made it clear that Jesus was "the fruit of [Mary's] womb." 

This means that the Western version of the Hail Mary did not come from the Greek version. The Greek version has very different words, like "for thou hast given birth to the Saviour of our souls," which never appeared in the Western version.

Before the 16th century, the Hail Mary greeted and praised Mary. However, during the 16th century, new words were added. These new words asked Mary for help. In 1555, a Dutch Jesuit named Petrus Canisius added these words to his catechism: "Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners." By the time of the Council of Trent eleven years later, this sentence, and some new words, had been added to the Hail Mary. In 1566, the Catechism of the Council of Trent included this sentence in the prayer: "Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen."

This is the last change that has been made to the Hail Mary. 

In Latin, the prayer is written this way (the macrons are given for pronunciation only and do not appear in the Latin language):

For translations from the Latin into various languages, see Wikisource.

The Syriac Orthodox Church uses a different version of the Hail Mary. This version is much closer to today's Western form than the Greek form.

In this prayer, a leader starts the prayer and everyone else says the rest:


In the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Churches, the Hail Mary is very common. It is said in the Greek form, or in translations from the Greek form. The prayer is not said quite as often as in the West. However, it is well-known and is still used often. It also appears in several canons of prayer. It is usually sung three times at the end of Vespers during an All-Night Vigil. It is also said many times during daily prayers.

There are two different versions of the Hail Mary in Church Slavonic:

The first version is older. The Old Believers still use this version. So do the Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church and the Ruthenian Catholic Church. 

The second version was created in 1656, as part of changes to liturgy made by Patriarch Nikon of Moscow. This version is used by the Russian Orthodox Church, the Serbian Orthodox Church, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church, and the Ukrainian Orthodox Church.

The Hail Mary is the most important part of the Rosary. The Rosary is a way of praying. It is often used by Latin Rite (Western) Catholics. It is also used in the East (but only by Latinised Ukrainian and Maronite Catholics). 

When praying the Rosary, Catholics pray ten sets of Hail Marys. Before each set, they pray one Our Father (also called the "Pater Noster" or The Lord's Prayer). After each set of Hail Marys, they pray one 'Glory Be' ("Gloria Patri"). One set of these prayers is called a "decade." Usually, Catholics say five decades when they pray the Rosary.

While praying each decade, Catholics think about the four different Mysteries of the Rosary. Each of the Mysteries has to do with things that happened in Jesus' and Mary's lives. The Mysteries include:
The Hail Mary is also the most important part of the Angelus. This is a prayer that many Catholics say three times every day. Some Anglicans and Lutherans say the Angelus too.

Traditional Anglicans also use the Hail Mary, in mostly the same way as Roman Catholics do. Both groups use the Rosary and say the Angelus. Anglican churches often have statues of the Virgin Mary. 

Many Anglicans pray the Hail Mary. However, in different areas, the prayer may be used differently. This is because the Catholic and Anglican Churches have some different beliefs.

Many people have written music for the Hail Mary (also called the "Ave Maria"). 

During the Renaissance, the Hail Mary very often set to music by composers, like Jacques Arcadelt, Josquin Desprez, Orlando di Lasso, and Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina. However, at this time (before the Council of Trent), there were still different versions of the prayer. Because of this, some of the earlier Renaissance pieces have different words than today's Hail Mary. For example, Josquin Desprez actually created more than one musical version of the "Ave Maria".

One of the most famous musical versions of the prayer was created by Charles Gounod in 1859. He added melody and words to Johann Sebastian Bach's first prelude (the beginning piece of music) from "The Well-Tempered Clavier".

Other famous musical versions of the Hail Mary were written by:

Protestant Christianity does not venerate Mary. Some Protestants have used musical versions of the "Ave Maria," but changed the words. For example, "Ave Redemptor" uses the music of the "Ave Maria," but focuses on Jesus instead:


Studio

A studio is a place where an artist can work. Studios can be used for many things, such as photography, broadcasting, painting, making movies, television shows, cartoons, or music.

A movie studio is most often a company that makes movies. The place where movies are made may also be called a studio, or sometimes a "sound stage" because it also records the sound.

A television studio is where video production takes place. It usually contains cameras, microphones, speakers, and spotlights. It is similar to a movie studio.

A recording studio is used for recording music, speech, or other kinds of sound. They are typically divided into three areas: an "isolation room" that has soundproofing for playing instruments and to prevent echo, a "live room" for general recording, and a "control room" to store the recording equipment that DJ's use.

Electric Light Orchestra

The Electric Light Orchestra, also known as ELO, were a popular English rock band from the 1970s and early 1980s. Their leader was musician and songwriter Jeff Lynne. Lynne wrote and sang most of their songs. He also produced their recordings. Other members included Richard Tandy on keyboards, Bev Bevan on drums, Mike D'Albuquerque and later Kelly Groucutt on bass guitar. Hugh McDowell, Mik Kaminski, and Melvyn Gale played violin and cello. The orchestra's name is a joke on "electric light" and a "Light Orchestra" (an orchestra that plays light music).

The band began as a side project of another band, The Move, by musicians Roy Wood and Jeff Lynne. While The Move had added touches of classical music to their pop hits, Wood and Lynne wanted to blend rock music and classical music more closely. Move drummer Bevan joined their project. Wood played nearly all the non-rock instruments on their first album. They made the most of recording studio technology, including multitrack recording and overdubbing.

Their first album was titled "Electric Light Orchestra". It was released with that name in the United Kingdom. When the album was released in the United States, their American record label, United Artists, did not know the album was titled after the group. They phoned ELO's British label to ask for the title. When nobody answered, "No Answer" was written down. Mistaken later for the title, the album appeared in America as "No Answer". The band's first single was titled "10538 Overture". It became an FM radio favourite. In time, ELO's music became more popular than The Move's had been. The Move disbanded, and Electric Light Orchestra became a full-time group.

Roy Wood decided to leave ELO partway through the recording of the second album. He started another band called Wizzard. Jeff Lynne took over leadership, and McDowell, Kaminski and Gale joined. The album, "ELO 2", was finished and released, but was not as well liked as the first. A single on the album was a cover version of Chuck Berry's "Roll Over Beethoven". It added parts of many Beethoven compositions to Berry's song. It became another radio hit.

Their third album, "On the Third Day", included a rock interpretation of "In the Hall of the Mountain King". The album had another hit single, titled "Showdown". ELO began to tour the United States. They started with small audiences. They became more popular with time, and added theatrical touches to their shows. New contact microphones made it possible for the classical musicians to move around and even dance on stage, as pop musicians did. The audiences enjoyed watching them.

By their fourth album, "Eldorado", ELO had gone from overdubbing their small membership to recording with real orchestras. They had problems when they worked in their native England. British classical musicians usually kept more to union rules than to the job of making music. They sometimes walked out during recordings. This hurt the process of making their records, so ELO tried a studio called Musicland in Munich, Germany. They liked the way the studio worked, and the German musicians were more devoted. ELO used Musicland many more times.

Their next album, "Face the Music" (1975), yielded two hit singles, "Strange Magic" and "Evil Woman". ELO became even more popular. A compilation album, "Olé ELO", featured most of their early singles. Three songs from their 1976 album, "A New World Record", became worldwide hits. These were "Telephone Line", "Livin' Thing", and "Do Ya", which was a remake of a Move song.

ELO recorded a double album in 1977, "Out of the Blue", which included "Turn to Stone", "Sweet Talkin' Woman", and "Mr. Blue Sky", which also became hit records. The band toured worldwide, with a stage set that looked like a UFO, which opened to reveal the band performing inside. Their shows included lots of stage lighting, and laser effects.

Their next new album, "Discovery", did not appear until 1979. ELO's record label, Jet Records, changed distributors from United Artists to Columbia Records, and this was part of the delay. "Discovery" included two singles, "Shine a Little Love" and "Don't Bring Me Down". "Don't Bring Me Down" was the first ELO single to not include any classical instruments. Columbia issued a "Greatest Hits" album, which overlapped some of the "Olé ELO" songs with later ones.

ELO became less popular during the 1980s. They had fewer hits. They recorded the "Xanadu" soundtrack with singer Olivia Newton-John. They also released the albums "Time" (with the title song and "Hold On Tight" as singles) in 1981, "Secret Messages" (with "Stranger") in 1983, and finally "Balance of Power", which included "Calling America", in 1986. By this time the classical musicians had left. Lynne now was recording their parts with synthesizers or session players.

Jeff Lynne was now producing other recording artists, including The Everly Brothers, and stopped working with Electric Light Orchestra in 1986. Most of the remaining members, though, wanted to continue working together and regrouped, first as a band named OrKestra, then later as "ELO Part II". These lineups toured for years, playing ELO's old hits and releasing two albums of new material, while Lynne continued his producing career. Lynne also released a solo album, "Armchair Theatre", in 1990, and formed the Traveling Wilburys with former Beatle George Harrison.

Lynne recorded an album, "Zoom", in 2001, again using the ELO name, but with a new set of musicians. He made a handful of television appearances with the new lineup. They played both old and new songs. He also planned to tour with them. Interest in the band was not strong, though, and most of the shows were cancelled. 

Electric Light Orchestra's music had only a weak presence in popular culture from the mid-1980s until the early 2000s. Their blend of classical and rock music made their music hard to put in radio playlists. ELO's music has made a comeback in the 2000s through its use in movie soundtracks, and also in commercials such as for Monster.


Vicious

The word vicious has several meanings:

Ash

The term Ash can have different meanings:

Ash tree

Ash trees are medium to large trees of the genus Fraxinus of the family Oleaceae (Olive-tree like). The family contains between 45 and 65 species. Some of them are evergreen, but most are deciduous. They grow in most parts of the world. The seeds are commonly known as "keys" in English. They are a type of fruit known as a samara. Most of the ash species have light-green, oval shaped, leaves. The central stem of the compound leaf has 9 – 13 leaflets (small leaves) in pairs, with one at the tip. There are no stalks to the side leaflets. The leaflets are pointed and toothed, with hairs on the lower surface. The leaves appear relatively late in spring, and are amongst the first to be shed in autumn.

The buds are black, sooty or velvety in appearance and are sometimes compared to a Bishop’s Mitre in shape.

Ash wood is used to make various tools, handles, baseball and softball bats and bows. It also makes very good firewood. Ash trees are also perfect material for old fashion shafts for bow and arrows.

In Norse Mythology, the world tree Yggdrasil is commonly thought to be an ash tree. The first man, Askr, was formed from an ash. The first woman was made from an alder. 

The emerald ash borer ("Agrilus planipennis") is a wood-boring beetle. It was accidentally introduced to North America from Asia by solid wood packing material in the late 1980s. It has killed tens of millions of trees in 15 states in the United States and adjacent Ontario in Canada. Research is being done with three Asian wasps which are natural predators of the beetle biological control.

The European ash, "Fraxinus excelsior", has been affected by the fungus which causes "ash dieback". The disease has infected about 90% of Denmark's ash trees. In October 2012 ash dieback was found in mature woodland in Suffolk. In 2016, the ash tree was reported as in danger of extinction in Europe.

Ash Wednesday

Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent in the Western Christian calendar. It occurs 46 days before Easter. The date is different each year because the date of Easter varies. It can fall as early as February 4 and as late as March 10. 

Those able to and willing to should fast voluntarily between Ash Wednesday and Easter. There are exceptions, though. Pregnant women, sick people, children, and the old usually don't have to. 

Ash Wednesday is a very important part of Lent.

The dates of Ash Wednesday are:

Valkyrie

The Valkyries (Old Norse: "Valkyrjur," singular "valkyrja" - “choosers of the slain”) are female figures in Norse mythology; they are a group of female warriors of Odin who do not get married.
Alternatively the Valkyries are servants to Freya. She negotiated with One Eye that her shield maidens would sort the honourable dead on the battlefield. Freya had first choice of half of the dead to come to Sessrumnir, the other half were to be delivered to One Eye at Valhall. 

Freya had fierce and respected warriors. They are responsible for choosing who lives and dies in battle, singling out those worthy of paradise. After battle, the Valkyries carry those whom they have chosen off to Valhalla, an enormous and majestic hall that lies in Asgard. Once there, these eïnherjar, as they are now called, are shared between Odin and Freyja, with half of them going to Valhalla and the other to Fólkvangr, Freyja's realm. In Valhalla, the eïnherjar feast as they are served and cared for by the Valkyries themselves. 

The old Norse people thought that Valkyries rode giant wolves, and that they had black wings like ravens; these two creatures both scavenge corpses on the battlefield symbolizing death and destruction. With the spread of Christianity the idea of what a Valkyrie was like changed more and more to a Romantic description of a beautiful woman. 
Richard Wagner composed some operas featuring Valkyries (German: "Walküren", singular: "Walküre"). These operas are "Die Walküre", "Siegfried", and "Götterdämmerung". They feature a story of a Valkyrie Brünnhilde, her punishment for disobeying her father, and her falling in love with Siegfried. The music for the opening of Act Three of "Die Walküre" is very famous. It is called the "Ride of the Valkyries".


Zosterops

Zosterops is a type of bird. There are many different species of Zosterops around the world.

Dimorphodon

Dimorphodon was a prehistoric flying pterosaur from the early Jurassic period. It had a big head, a small brain, a tall beak, and two types of teeth. Variation in teeth is rare in pterosaurs. 

Like "Rhamphorhynchus", "Dimorphodon" is only found in Jurassic strata. It was the first pterosaur found in England, by Mary Anning, in 1828.

Most of the known specimens were found in the Jurassic chalk of the south coast of England in the 19th century. Another species of "Dimorphodon" has been found in La Boca Formation in Tamaulipas, Mexico, from the Lower Jurassic. 

Cryolophosaurus

Cryolophosaurus is a theropod dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic period. It is the only theropod to be found in Antarctica. "Cryolophosaurus" was discovered in the Jurassic Hanson Formation in the Transantarctic Mountains. The find of this dinosaur was significant because it proves that the dinosaurs lived on all continents and that high latitude climates were tolerated by dinosaurs at that time.

"Cryolophosaurus" is also significant because it is the oldest known tetanuran from any continent: it is the only one from the early Jurassic.

"Cryolophosaurus" had a large crest on the top of the skull, above the eyes. It extends upwards from the skull.

"Cryolophosaurus" was found about from the South Pole but then it was about or so farther north. Also found were the remains of "Glacialisaurus" (a large basal sauropodomorph), a crow-sized pterosaur, synapsids, and another unknown theropod. There are also the remains of many plant genera around the same age as fossils of "Cryolophosaurus", proving that dense plant matter had once grown on Antarctica's surface before it drifted southward.

Coloborhynchus

Coloborhynchus was a pterosaur. It has been found in Lower Cretaceous rocks in England and Brazil. It is a similar genus to "Anhanguera" and "Ornithocheirus".

The type specimen of "Coloborhynchus" is known only from a partial upper jaw. It can only be distinguished from its relatives by its unique combination of tooth socket positions. In "Coloborhynchus", the two front teeth pointed forward and were higher on the jaw than the other teeth, while the next three pairs of teeth pointed to the sides. The final two pairs of teeth in this specimen point downward. Finally, a unique oval depression was located below the first pair of teeth.

The possible species "Coloborhynchus capito" is the largest toothed pterosaur known. A specimen from the Cambridge Greensand has a very large upper jaw tip which displays the typical teeth which distinguish "C. capito" from other species. The jaw tip is nearly 10 cm tall and 5.6 cm wide, with teeth up to 1.3 cm in base diameter. If the proportions of this specimen was the same as other known species of "Coloborhycnhus", the total skull length could have been up to 75 cm, leading to an estimated wingspan of .

Alder

Alder is the common name for about 30 kinds of trees and shrubs of the Alnus genus. They are a part of the birch family ("Betulaceae"). Most of them are smaller in size. Leaves are mostly deciduous, only very few alders are evergreen.

Alder trees are found in all parts of the northern hemisphere and they are often found on poor and/or wet soil. Alders have simple leaves with a toothed edge. The male flowers are in the form of hanging catkins and the female flowers are much smaller catkin-like structures "(see image)." The pollen is transferred from the male to the female flower by the wind. The female flower parts develop into little, green, rounded cone-like fruits which turn brown in autumn and open to release the seeds. 

The best known species are the , which can be seen throughout Europe. The largest is probably the , native to North America. It reaches about 32–35 metres in height. The widespread is a shrub, rarely more than 5m high. The commonest alder in the UK is the Black Alder, also called the Common Alder or European Alder. 

Alder is a preferred tree for bees, especially in spring. It is also used to make charcoal. 

Futabasaurus

Futabasaurus was a plesiosaur from the Upper Cretaceous. A complete skeleton of one has not been found. It is not known very well. 

"Futabasaurus" is the first elasmosaurid found in Japan. The type species is "F. suzukii". Many of the bones of the type specimen show apparent scavenging or predation by sharks.

Ovum

An ovum (Latin: "egg", plural: ova) is the name for the haploid female reproductive cell, or gamete. Both animals and land plants (embryophytes) produce ova. 

Ova are made and released by a female's ovaries. At birth, a female has all of her eggs, and from puberty, she releases an egg once a month until none are left. This is called oogenesis. 

When the ovum is fertilised by a male's sperm, it becomes a zygote, which develops into a new organism. The ovum is fertilized inside the female body, and the embryo then develops inside the uterus, being fed by the mother's placenta.

The ovum is the largest cell in the human body. You can see it without a microscope. The human ovum is between 100 and 200 µm long. They are nevertheless much smaller than the cleidoic eggs laid externally by reptiles and birds, which is why they need a long period of internal development in the womb.

The sexual cycle is quite different in other mammals, whose females are only receptive during the 'heat' part of their estrous cycle when eggs are released from the ovary. Sexual activity then continues for a few days, then ceases entirely until the next heat.

In many plants, ova are made inside archegonia through meiosis. The archegonium has a long 'neck' with the egg cell inside. When the egg is mature, the neck opens and sperm swims in to fertilize the egg.

In flowering plants, the female gametes are made of only eight cells, called the embryo sac, inside the ovule. The cell closest to the opening of the embryo sac becomes the egg cell. When pollinated, sperm swims into the embryo sac and fertilizes the egg. The zygote then develops into an embryo inside the ovule.



Ovule

Ovules produce the female reproductive cells which get fertilized during sexual reproduction in seed plants. The word literally means "small egg."

The megagametophyte (also called the "embryo sac" in flowering plants) is inside the ovule. The megagametophyte produces the egg cell.

Horn (instrument)

The horn is a brass instrument. It developed from the horns that some animals have on their heads. Modern horns are often called French horns.

Horns were often used during hunting. These early brass instruments were round so that the hunter could put his arm through it and carry it on his shoulder and blow it while riding a horse. The riders could send messages to one another by blowing particular notes.

In the 17th century the modern orchestra was developing. Orchestras played for operas. Opera stories in those days were usually about gods and goddesses or kings and queens. There was often a hunting scene in the story. Hunters were asked to come and play their horns in the orchestra for these scenes. This is how the horn became an orchestral instrument.

A brass instrument gives one basic note. Changing the pressure with the lips produces a few other notes. Gradually horn players discovered that if they put their right hand in the bell they could change the basic note. This made it possible to play lots of different notes. When Mozart wrote his horn concertos he was writing for a hand horn. When a note is played using the hand in the bell it makes the note sound different: more muffled (a bit like speaking while covering your mouth with your hand). A Mozart horn concerto sounds very different when played on a modern horn.

Another way to change the notes on a horn was to use crooks. These are like extensions to the horn. The longer the tube the lower the note, so adding a crook (an extra circle) would give a lower basic note.

By the 1830s the modern horn with three valves had been invented. These valves change the length of the tube, so that the horn had now become chromatic i.e. it could play all the notes including sharps and flats. Composers like Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss wrote complicated music for the horn which would never have been possible on the natural, valveless instruments. However, some composers preferred the sound of the natural horn. Brahms wrote for the natural horn when he wrote his "Horn Trio" for piano, violin and horn. Benjamin Britten, in his "Serenade for tenor, horn and strings", asks for the horn to played naturally (without valves) for the fanfare at the beginning to make it sound like a hunting horn.

The horn has a conical bore. This means that the tubing gradually becomes wider (a trumpet and trombone have a cylindrical bore): the tubing is the same thickness all the way along. The modern horn has 6.4 metres of tubing. It makes a beautiful, warm sound, but it is quite hard to play because the mouthpiece is small and the harmonics (the notes that can be played by changing the lip pressure) are very close together. The horn is a transposing instrument, usually in F (a written C sounds like the F below).

At the end of the 19th century the so-called “double horn” was invented, which was like a combination of a horn in F and a horn in B flat.

In the 18th century there were generally two horns in an orchestra. This became three or four in the 19th century, and some large orchestras now may have up to eight horns.


Valhalla

In Norse mythology, Valhalla (Old Norse: "Valhöll" - “hall of the slain”) is an enormous and majestic hall in Asgard, headed by Odin. Described as a "warrior's paradise," it is here that the souls of those who are slain in battle go, chosen and guided by the Valkyries, a group of warrior maidens in service to Odin. Once they are there, these eïnherjar, as they are known, make revelry, as they feast on the beast known as Sæhrímnir, having their fill of mead made from the udders of the female goat Heiðrún. The feast is prepared by Andhrímnir (Old Norse: “the one exposed to soot”), the cook of the gods, in his cauldron, Eldhrímnir (Old Norse: “fire-sooty”). Outside of Valhalla’s doors lies Glasir (Old Norse: “gleaming”), a massive tree that grows golden leaves, while its ceiling is adorned with golden shields. The tree Læraðr stands atop the great hall, where both Heiðrún and the stag Eikþyrnir (Old Norse: “oak-thorny”) graze its foliage. During Ragnarök, the eïnherjar will aid Odin in his battle against Surtr and his forces. 

Horn (anatomy)

Horns are part of the body of some animals. They grow on the animal's head. They are projections (things that stick out) made of hard skin. The horn has a lot of keratin in it, the same protein that is in human hair and nails. 

Normally horned animals will have two horns, but the rhinoceros has just one horn in the middle of its head.

Animals often use their horns for fighting one another.

Thousands of years ago people used the horns of dead animals for musical instruments (see horn (postal horn)). In later times, they were used for carrying gunpowder.


Mead

Mead is a fermented alcoholic drink. It is made from honey. Its history may be as old as that of beer. It is made by mixing honey, water, and yeast. Some kinds of mead also include spices or fruit. Mead is sometimes called "honey wine".

Archaeologists discovered that people made mead 9,000 years ago. Mead was described in the Rigveda, which is a Hindu religious text. Mead is popular in Central Europe and the Balkans. Mead is also made in Ethiopia and South Africa.

Ull

In Norse mythology, Ull (or Ullr or Uller) is the son of Sif, and the stepson of Thor. He is thought to be the god of Winter, of hunting, of hand-to-hand combat, and of the willow tree. His name means "glory". He was said to be a great archer and skier who left blazing trails across the sky. 

For this reason he is celebrated in modern times as the god of skiing. His name is used as a name for ski lodges like the House of Ullr at Thredbo, New South Wales. ULLR Labs make smartphone applications to help people avoid avalanches.

Thrud

Þrúðr, sometimes written as Thrúd, is a daughter of the gods Sif and Thor in Norse mythology. Although her name is mentioned in the "Prose Edda", it gives no direct powers or other information about her. Thrúd is also one of the valkyries described in "Grímnismál" (stanza 36). Thrúd is the goddess of power, of trees, flowers and the grass. Her name means strength in Old Norse.

Hugin and Munin

Hugin and Munin are two ravens, commonly associated with Odin. They bring Odin news from the world, when he sends them out. Their names translate as thought and memory, respectively.

Hel (goddess)

Hel is a goddess of Norse mythology. Her father is Loki, and her mother is Angrboða, a giantess. Her siblings are Jörmungandr and Fenrir. Her task is to reign over the realm of the dead, also called Hel or Neifelheim, where the dead peacefully go to in the afterlife to wait until Ragnarok, the end of the gods and Asgard. The people who go there are those who did not die in battle, but instead died a peaceful death. She watches over those who die, but are not chosen by the Valkyries to go to Valhalla or chosen by Freyja to enter her household. 

Hel is half dead and half alive due to complications of her father and her mother. Half of her face is beautiful, like that of her father, while the other half is ugly and difficult to look at like her mother. From the waist up the skin is pink, alive and healthy. Below the waist is dead and rotting. This is the personification of the belief that death can be a good thing or a tragedy. Hel's underworld is not the Christian hell of eternal punishment for all, but a world of rewards or punishment for each as earned in life.

Runestone

A Runestone or Rune stone is a large stone, with runes inscribed on it, dating from the early Middle Ages. Currently, about 6000 such stones are known to exist in Scandinavia. About half of them date from the tenth and eleventh century, and were found in Sweden. Most of them are like grave stones. They announce the life and death of a local person. About 10 percent of the known stones tell about the travels and deaths of persons abroad. Some of these texts are similar to what Scandinavians who travelled to Byzantium have written in Latin.

Balcony

A balcony is a kind of floor at a certain height, which stands out from the building. Usually, there is some kind of balustrade so people do not fall off.

There is a possibility to protect the balcony with a glazing. So called balcony glazings are important for certain areas that are heavily influenced by weather or noise. Assemblers, which create designs and static evaluation for the balcony glazing, are necessary to integrate the glazing conform with regulations and laws. Because if the glazing is assembled in the wrong way, parts could fall off and damage property or persons.

Unlike a terrace, balconies and also their balustrade need a static evaluation, so they don't take damage over time and can permanentely hold their visitors.

Bergstraße Route

Bergstraße ("Mountain Road") is the name of a mountain route, and the area around it, which stretches across the western edge of the Odenwald in southern Hesse and northern Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 

The name "Bergstraße" also refers to the district Kreis Bergstraße, the independent wine-growing region of Hessische Bergstraße and the Badische Bergstraße in the Baden wine-growing area.

The route goes almost straight from north to south at the spot where the Rhine lowlands meet the western edge of the Odenwald. The name comes from the road's route along the foot of the mountains, the Rhine lowlands once being too damp to build a road there.

The route mostly follows the modern B3 road. It begins in Darmstadt and, after passing through Eberstadt, splits into the "Old Bergstraße" and the "New Bergstraße", which goes somewhat farther to the west. The two routes meet again at Zwingenberg.

In Weinheim-Lützelsachsen the route splits into an old and a new Bergstraße again. The new one passes west of the old route as far as Heidelberg-Handschuhsheim, where the two meet once more. The route carrying on after the Neckar from Heidelberg to Wiesloch is still usually known as the Bergstraße, even though the type of country and climate typical of the Bergstraße is no longer as clear.


Caucasus

The Caucasus or Caucasia is a region spanning Europe and Asia bordered on the north by Russia, on the east by the Caspian Sea, on the south by Iran, on the southwest by Turkey, and on the west by the Black Sea. Caucasia includes the Caucasus Mountains and surrounding lowlands. 
The Caucasus Mountains are commonly recognised as a natural border between Asia and Europe. Countries in the Caucasus are considered to be in one or both continents, with Armenia and Azerbaijan considered transcontinental, and Georgia largely considered European. The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus. The highest peak in the Caucasus is Mount Elbrus (5,642 m) which, in the western Ciscaucasus in Russia, is generally considered the highest point in Europe.



The Biblical Mount Ararat where Noah's Ark landed is known as the landmark of the ancient Armenian realm. The peak of Ararat is seasonally capped with snow. In Greek mythology, the Caucasus or Kaukasos was one of the pillars supporting the world. Prometheus was chained there by Zeus. The Roman poet Ovid placed Caucasus in Scythia and said it was a cold and stony mountain which was the abode of personified hunger.




Hamidian massacres

The Hamidian massacres took place around 1895 until 1897. The estimated number of Armenians killed are around 100,000 - 300,000.

These events are known by the Armenians as the "Great Massacres". The Armenians believed the Hamidian measures showed the extension of the Turkish state to do a systematic policy of murder and plunder against a small population. The Armenian revolutionary groups started around the end of the Russo-Turkish War of 1878 and grew with the first introduction of Article 166 of the Ottoman Penal code 166, and the raid of Erzerum Cathedral. 

Article 166 was meant to control the possession of arms, but it was used to target Armenians by not letting them possess arms. Local Kurdish tribes were armed to attack the defenseless Armenian population. Some diplomats said that the aim of these groups was to commit massacres so as to show counter-measures, and to invite "foreign powers to intervene," as Istanbul's British Ambassador Sir Philip Currie seen in March 1894. Even some Turkish authors admit the that this was just a pretext for the massacres.

Alfred Pampalon

Alfred Pampalon (24 November 1867 – 30 September 1896) was born in the city of Lévis, Quebec, and died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré. He was a Redemptorist priest known for having a deep faith in God and a deep love of Mary. He is a patron for people with addictions.

He was known to be a modest, prayerful person, and was thought of as honest and pure by his classmates. 

Pampalon was devoted to Mary; before going to a Redemptorists' monastery, he went to a statue of Mary and asked her to pray for the monks to let him join. The Monastery allowed him to join despite his poor health, because they saw his strong desire to become a Redemptorists father. While training to become a Roman Catholic priest his fellow students asked him how he managed to study philosophy so well, and he replied he imagined Mary was asking him the questions. He would make his head touch the floor and pray to her daily, and while dying he would pray to her throughout the day.

At the age of 26, Pampalon found out that he had tuberculosis. During this time he stayed devoted to God, moving back to Quebec to be a priest there. While dying from tuberculosis he gave communion, baptized people, and heard confessions. Before his death he was in constant pain, and would spend his days in prayer. The night before he priest died, he said in a soft voice "O death..., O holy death..., come..., do come! O divine Savior..., my hope is in your merits... I am happy... to suffer for you! I want to go to Heaven... to see you and Mary," After this he got up and sang the Magnificat in a loud voice. He has become known as the "Hail Mary Saint" because of this.


Armenian Oblast

Armenian oblast (1828-1840 AD) was an oblast (province) around eastern Armenia. It was created by the Russians when they took over Eastern Armenia, a large number of Armenians moved back from Persia to Armenia and about 35000 Muslims (Azeris, Kurds and Lezgins) and various nomadic tribes left the area.

Saint Hripsime Church

St. Hripsime is a church in Ejmiadzin, Armenia. It was built in 618. It is one of the oldest churches in Armenia. St. Hripsime is also known for its fine Armenian architecture. This style of architecture was used again when they built many churches in Armenia.

Armenian language

Armenian (endonym: , ) is an Indo-European language and the sole member of an independent branch of that language family. It is the native language of the Armenian people and the official language of Armenia. Armenian is written in its own writing system, the Armenian alphabet, introduced in 405 AD by the canonized saint Mesrop Mashtots. The estimated number of Armenian speakers worldwide is between five and seven million.

It is the official language of Armenia and the occupied region of Nagorno-Karabakh. The language is also widely spoken by Armenian communities all over the world. It is written by its own Armenian alphabet. The language has two standard forms: Eastern Armenian and Western Armenian.

Armenian diaspora

The Armenian diaspora is a term used to describe the communities of Armenians living outside of Armenia. Of the total Armenian population living worldwide which was estimated to be 8,000,000 in 2004, only about 3,000,000 live in Armenia and about 120,000 in the de facto independent Republic of Artsakh.


Aspect

Aspect may mean:

Carol Vorderman

Carol Jean Vorderman (born 24 December 1960) is a British television presenter. She was born in Bedford and raised in Prestatyn, North Wales. Her father was Dutch; her mother is Welsh. She studied engineering at Sidney Sussex College, University of Cambridge. She is best known for the Channel 4 game show "Countdown" in which she checked the number solutions from the contestants and provided the correct ones if they weren’t spotted, she was on the show from 1982 to 2008 and from 1989 onwards, she became the co-host with Richard Whiteley when she also put up the letters and numbers tiles. She was devastated when Whiteley died in 2005. She is a regular panellist on ITV1 talk show "Loose Women". She was a contestant in the second series of "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2004. In 2013 she presented a series about cooking on ITV called "Food Glorious Food". She has written books about detox diets.

Automobiles of the 1920s

Vintage cars - the title is given to vehicles manufactured between 1919 and 1930. For some categories, the age range is up to 1925.
Automobiles have changed considerably since 1893 due to the more efficient ways for new cars to be developed and designed. The car industry was thriving in the 1920s. There were many new types of cars. In the beginning of the 1920s many of the soldiers returning from World War I bought automobiles. People started to see that having a car would make traveling much easier. Soon almost every American family had a car. Ford was the big car maker but other companies were also big at the time. Ford cars, such as the Ford Model T, were popular because they were cheap and very reliable. When new Ford models came out people would always get the newer version. They also had a car especially made for big obese people. There was trouble getting big people in the car Ford made, so he had to think outside of the box. He then came up with "The Big One". Which is not out today because of it's poor sales but to Ford and some people, it was genius.

The automobiles industry in Europe and the United States expanded greatly during the 1920s. There were many changes in the industry and new types of cars. Having a car allowed families and individuals to travel more easily. Famous cars of the 1920s included:



Norns

The Norns are female deities in Norse mythology who govern fate. Their names are Urd (what has been), Verdandi (what is) and Skuld (what is to come). Skuld is also the name of a Valkyrie.

The Norns are at the base of the ash tree Yggdrasil (or, according to some versions, above the Bifröst bridge). They spin threads and weave the tapestry of fates. Each person's life is a thread in their loom. The length of the thread is the length of the person's life. Even the gods have their threads and are therefore not immortal, though the Norns hide the strings from the gods. So everything is set out beforehand. There is no luck, there is no randomness, everything is determined by destiny.

The Greeks called deities similar to the Norns Moirae, and the Romans called them Parcae.

The three Norns appear at the beginning of Richard Wagner's opera Götterdämmerung and foretell the downfall of the gods when a thread of fate breaks.

Star Trek: The Next Generation

Star Trek: The Next Generation was the second television series of the science fiction franchise "Star Trek". It was created by Gene Roddenberry, and was aired for seven years, from 1987 to 1994.

"The Next Generation" was set in the 24th century, eighty years after of "Star Trek", and it focused on the lives of a crew on a starship called "Enterprise". The crew's mission was to explore the universe, as was the mission of the crew in the original series.

The Starfleet officers and members in Star Trek: The Next Generation and most 24th century Star Trek based shows had to wear a jumpsuit, (except for children and some parents on board the Enterprise) with a communicator badge (also known as a combadge) shaped in the form of an oval, with the Starfleet logo over top of it on the upper left side. The uniform colors would also represent your position.

For ranks from Petty Officer to Captain you could see on the right collar of the uniform (Seasons 3-7) or on the collar bone area of the uniform (Seasons 1-2), were gold pips, an outline, or solid, that defined the rank of the officer.

With ranks higher than Captain, including the rank of Admiral (1 to 5 star) the pips would be on both collars.

During other episodes including (TNG: Future Imperfect) the TNG crew had a different way to show rank. The ranks were shown on a different communicator badge with the Starfleet logo and four long bars behind the logo, closely separated vertically. Each bar that was lit would represent a rank. The rank of admiral was shown with the bars on the combadge being full white. There was also another communicator (TNG: All Good Things Part I & II) with an outline of a Starfleet logo and two long vertical trapezoids, each separated horizontally.

The U.S.S Enterprise (NCC-1701-D) is a Galaxy Class starship from the television series, Star Trek: The Next Generation. The Enterprise was set in the 24th century, with the same mission as the original U.S.S Enterprise (NCC-1701). She weighed in at 4,960,000 tons and was powered by a warp core with a top speed of Warp 9.925. During the time of its service, the "Enterprise"-D was the flagship of the Federation Starfleet. A "Galaxy"-class starship, it was a large, long-range exploratory ship with 42 decks and a usual complement of 1,014 crew and civilians (e.g., their family members) but it was capable of carrying over 6,000 personnel. The Enterprise had 12 Type X phasers and three Photon Torpedo launchers. The ship has a high-capacity shield grid. It could carry 250 photon torpedoes. The ship had a standard complement of shuttles as detailed below, and 8 transporter rooms. The Enterprise can separate into two sections, saucer and star drive (hull).

Shuttle Complement (Galaxy Class Starship) The U.S.S. Enterprise is equipped with auxiliary shuttlecraft to support mission objectives. Standard complement of shuttlecraft includes ten standard personnel shuttles, ten cargo shuttles, and five special purpose craft. Additional special-purpose shuttles can be provided to a starship as necessary. The Enterprise also carries twelve two-person shuttlepods for extravehicular and short-range use. Galaxy Class, and larger, starships are also equipped with a specialized shuttle designated as the Captain's Yacht.

Operating rules require that at least eleven shuttle vehicles be maintained at operational status at all times. Cruise Mode operating rules require one standard shuttlecraft and one shuttlepod to be at urgent standby at all times, available for launch at five minutes' notice. Four additional shuttlecraft are always available on immediate standby (thirty minutes to launch), and an additional six vehicles are maintained for launch with twelve hours' notice. Red Alert Mode operating rules require two additional shuttles to be brought to urgent standby, and all nine remaining operational vehicles to be maintained at immediate standby.


Liopleurodon

Liopleurodon was a large species of Pliosaur. It was an apex predator in the Upper Jurassic seas, around 160–155 million years ago. It grew up to long. It was a relative of "Pliosaurus" and "Kronosaurus". It preyed on other marine animals such as "Ophthalmosaurus".

Some fossil remains excavated from the Kimmeridge Clay formation in England indicate a much larger animal, perhaps up to long. However, these have not been put in the genus "Liopleurodon". 

"Liopleurodon"'s nose allowed it to smell underwater. It could smell prey from some distance away. Despite needing to breath air, Liopleurodon spent its entire life at sea and was unable to leave the water. Consequently, it would have given birth to its young alive and may have visited shallower water to breed.


Libonectes

Libonectes was a plesiosaur related to "Elasmosaurus". It lived 80 to 65 million years ago. It grew up to 12 metres long. It was a predator of small fish; the fish ate plankton in the upper pelagic layers of the sea.

Dimetrodon

Dimetrodon was a pelycosaur (early Synapsida) from the first part of the Permian period (about 295–272 million years ago). 

"Dimetrodon" walked on four legs and had a tall, curved skull with large teeth of different sizes set along the jaws. Most fossils have been found in the southwestern United States, from red beds in Texas and Oklahoma. The largest known species of "Dimetrodon" is "D. angelensis" at and the smallest is "D. teutonis" at .

"Dimetrodon" was a carnivore, probably the top predator in its environment. Its main feature is the large sail on its back formed by elongated spines extending upwards from the vertebrae. The spines would be joined by skin. The general opinion of palaeontologists is that it was a temperature-regulating device. The idea is that the animal could warm up in the early morning by placing itself broadside to the Sun, and later could cool off in the shade, or arrange for its body to get less sunlight. At this stage in evolution, no land animals were homoiotherms. Very likely the sail was also used for sexual or territorial signalling. In which case, the skin would be coloured. This, of course, is supposition, but it does make sense of the animal's most extraordinary feature.

In evolutionary terms, "Dimetrodon" was a synapsid, a line of land animals which eventually gave rise to the mammals. It was not on the direct line of descent, but a good example of the evolutionary grade typical of Permian synapsids.

Spinosaurus

Spinosaurus was a huge semi-aquatic dinosaur from the Cretaceous, that lived 99 to 93.5 million years ago. It was one of the largest and the longest of all known terrestrial carnivores that weights up to 7.4 metric tons in body mass.

It had rather short hind limbs that made it easier to walk on muddy surfaces and nostrils on top of its crocodile-like head. This would let it submerge its' snout into waterways that would help it to catch fish, similar to a "heron"

The same research suggests it was longer than "Tyrannosaurus rex", And wade

"Spinosaurus" bones were first discovered in Egypt in 1912 by German paleontologist Ernst Stromer in 1915. Two species, "S. aegyptiacus" and "S. marocannus" which is most likely invalid."Spinosaurus" looked like "Baryonyx," except it was larger and more heavily built. Six specimens of "Spinosaurus" have been uncovered. The first fossils were destroyed in Munich, during World War II, in a 1944 bombing raid by the British.

A note on classification: The material also supports the monophyly of the Spinosaurinae and the separation of "Spinosaurus" and "Irritator".

99-93.5 million years ago, the Sahara Desert was wet. Animals included the pterosaur "Alanqa", types of giant crocodylomorphs, and theropod predators the size of "T. rex". The largest predator was "Spinosaurus". In the past, it was thought that "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus" was bipedal. By 2014, xome scientists believed that "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus" was quadrupedal because it is front-heavy. But later reaserch suggests it could walk bipedally

"Spinosaurus" was longer than "Tyrannosaurus". Estimates published in 2005, 2007, and 2008 suggested that it was between 15 metres (50 ft) in length and 7 to 20.9 tonnes (7.7 to 23.0 short tons) in weight. A new estimate published in 2014 and based on a more complete specimen, supported the earlier research, finding that "Spinosaurus" could reach lengths of over 15 m (49 ft). However in 2022 a study by Paul Sereno and colleuges said that Spinosaurus would reach a maximum body length and weight of 14 meters and 7.4 metric tonnes respectively It had a two meter high sail on its back like "Dimetrodon". Several uses have been suggested for this sail, such as to help control its body temperature but this is considered not likely by current scientific reaserch , as a way to attract a mate, for species reognitionand to intimidate or frighten enemies. It was most likely used for the latter 3 purposes. It lived in what is now the Sahara Desert, but which then was mangrove forests alongside shoreline conditions, tidal flats and channels. 

The skull of "Spinosaurus" was long and narrow like that of a modern orinoco crocodile. "Spinosaurus" is known to have eaten fish. Evidence suggests that it lived like a giant heron

It was featured as the main dinosaur in the 2001 film Jurassic Park III where it fights and kills a T-Rex. It has also appeared on postage stamps in several countries, and many toy companies have made models of "Spinosaurus".

Anhanguera

Anhanguera, which means 'Old Devil', was a pterodactyl from the Upper Cretaceous. It was found in the Santana Formation of Brazil, and specimens from England are also placed in this genus. 

It ate fish and grew to 14 feet (4.5 meters) across. The species "Anhanguera piscator" is now placed in the genus "Coloborhynchus".

Rhamphorhynchus

Rhamphorhynchus is a genus of long-tailed pterosaurs in the Upper Jurassic. It is the best-known of the long-tailed pterosaurs, the sub-order Rhamphorynchoidea. 
"Rhamphorhynchus" had a long tail, stiffened with ligaments, which ended in a small diamond-shaped rudder that helped provide stability while flying.

The jaws of "Rhamphorhynchus" housed needle-like teeth, which were angled forward, with a curved, sharp, beak-like tip lacking teeth. Their diet was mainly fish and insects.

Like other pterosaurs, its body was covered with hairs, which suggests it had temperature regulation ('hot-blooded') and a high rate of metabolism. This is also found in birds and bats, and seems necessary for active flight.

The genus was quite successful: it is the most common pterosaur found in the Solnhofen limestone beds in Bavaria, Germany. These are the same strata where "Archaeopteryx" was found.

This early group flourished from the Upper Triassic to the end of the Jurassic. When we first see them in the fossil record they have developed three families, so biologists know their early evolution is not yet revealed. These three families are represented by the three genera "Rhamphorhynchus", "Dimorphodon" and "Eudimorphodon". This sub-order was the earliest kind or pterosaur, which were succeeded by the more 'derived' short-tailed pterosaurs, the Pterodactyloids, such as "Pterodactylus". In the Upper Jurassic both the two sub-orders were extant (living).
The group always has a long tail, stiffened by rod-like bony tendons to keep it straight. This indicates their flight was extremely stable, which means it kept on course, and did not dart about much. This feature is also found in "Archaeopteryx" and in early bats, and in insects like dragonflies. 

It can be interpreted like this. To dart about quickly requires special advanced brains and reflexes to keep control. Later birds and pterosaurs had extra 'control wiring' in their brains, but early ones did not. The evidence for this is the extra size of pterodactyl and bird brains compared with the reptile brains the groups started out with. That much of this increase is connected to seeing and flying is clear from how bird brains work.

The analogy would be planes. Early planes were highly stable, and so are airliners. Fighter planes are fundamentally much less stable, and have to be in order to jink about. This needs such fast reactions that the details are worked out by computer, with the pilot indicating where to go. 

It requires more 'brains' to control an unstable craft than it does a stable one. And the same principle applies to pterosaurs, birds and bats. Early birds, bats, pterosaurs and insects were all more stable, with tails or (insects) long abdomens. This helped the flying animal to keep on track, which is what we mean by 'stable'. 

All species in the group have teeth. The group died out at the end of the Jurassic, which suffered a minor extinction event.

This classification is simple, but unfortunately it is paraphyletic, because the two suborders are not sister groups. But there is not enough evidence to see which earlier group the pterodactyloids arose from. So this is the best we can do: 


Zhejiangopterus

Zhejiangopterus is a pterosaur that was found in China. It lived in the late Cretaceous. 

At least six specimens of adults have been found. "Zhejiangopterus" was a moderately large pterosaur. Its wingspan was first estimated at five metres (16.4 feet). Later estimates reduced this to about 3.5 metres (11 feet). 

Its skull was long, low, perfectly arched, and lacked a "keel" or any other crest sometimes seen in related species. The beak was long, thin, sharply pointed, and lacked teeth. The cervical vertebrae were elongated. The first six dorsal vertebrae had fused together. This helped the chest keep stable against the forces generated by the wings.

Several pairs of belly ribs were preserved. Its upper leg bone was half the size of its upper arm bone, and strong and thin. The wings were short but robust

Tupuxuara

Tupuxuara was a pterosaur that lived 112 million years ago. It was found in the Santana Formation, the remains of an inland sea. 

Some species were quite small, but the largest skull (length 130 cms) suggests a wingspan of 5.5 metres. It was an Azdarchid pterosaur, the same group as "Quetzalcoatlus".

Anurognathus

Anurognathus was a genus of small rhamphorhynchoid pterosaurs which lived 150 million years ago, in the Upper Jurassic period. It had a short head with pin-like teeth for catching insects. It was found in the Solnhofen limestone, the same place as "Archaeopteryx". They grew up to 35 cms wingspan.

Although it is in the long-tailed pterosaur group Rhamphorhynchoidea, its tail was comparatively short. This was an adaptation which made it more manoeuvrable in hunting. According to Döderlein the reduced tail of "Anurognathus" was similar to the pygostyle of modern birds. 

With an estimated wingspan of fifty centimetres (20 inches) and a nine centimetre long body (skull included), its weight was limited: forty grammes for a specimen with a 35 centimetre wingspan. 

Later a second, smaller, specimen was found, probably of a subadult individual. Its slab and counterslab are separated and both were sold to private collections. This second fossil is more complete and better articulated. It shows impressions of a large part of the flight membrane and under UV-light remains of the muscles of the thigh and arm become visible. It provided new information on many points of the anatomy. The skull was shown to have been very short and broad, wider than long.

Thirty-Nine Articles

The Thirty-Nine Articles are the historic statements of Anglican beliefs. The Articles were not meant to be a complete statement of the Christian faith. They are a statement of the position of the Church of England against the Roman Catholic Church and against Protestants. 

The articles were made in 1563, under the direction of Archbishop Matthew Parker, during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I. They are based on the Forty-Two Articles written under the direction of Thomas Cranmer in 1552 and passed under Edward VI of England in 1553. They are printed in the Book of Common Prayer and other Anglican prayer books. Priests, deacons, and bishops of the Church of England have to take an oath that what is said in the Articles is "agreeable to the Word of God." Other Anglican churches do not make such a requirement.

The Thirty-Nine Articles were needed because at that time in English history it was not possible to find an agreement about Protestantism. Rather than have the church become divided, they needed a way to list the essentials of what the Church of England believed. John Henry Newman (one of the leading Tractarians in the mid 19th century), before he converted to Roman Catholicism, tried to show that the Articles could be seen in a way less hostile to Catholic belief.

Outside the Church of England, Anglican opinions of the Thirty-Nine Articles vary. The Episcopal Church in the United States of America sees them as an historical document but does not make its members follow them. Anglican priest John Wesley changed the Thirty-Nine Articles for use by American Methodists in the 18th century. These new Articles of Religion are still the official United Methodist Church doctrine.


Teal

Teal can mean many things, such as:

Ojiya, Niigata

Ojiya (Japanese: 小千谷（おぢや）市;-shi) is a city in Niigata, Japan. As of July 16, 2003, 40,342 people lived in the city. Ojiya's total area is . The Lord Mayor of Ojiya is Yasuo Yatsui

An earthquake of magnitude 7.2 struck Ojiya on October 23, 2004 at 17:56 local time. The earthquake killed 51 people. 4,795 people were injured. 16,910 buildings and houses were destroyed. The amount of damage was 3,000,000,000 Yen ($32.5M US).

Ojiya has many types of industries. Electronics companies Sanyo electric, and Panasonic are located in the city. It also has textile companies. The main agricultural crop in the city is rice. Ojiya is the largest miner of natural gas in Japan.

There are several festivals each year in Ojiya.


Tantalus

Tantalus was a mortal king in Greek mythology. He did many bad things against the gods and goddesses. At a banquet, he tried to feed people the flesh of his son Pelops. He had asked the gods and goddesses to come to this banquet. When they learn what he had planned, they punished Tantalus in not only this world (the world of the living), but the next as well (the world of the dead). Tantalus's punishment while he was alive was the ruin of his kingdom. His punishment when dead in the Tartaros of the Underworld was much worse.

He was made to stand in a pool of water up to his chin for all time. During this, he would always be hungry and thirsty. Each time Tantalus lowered his head to drink the water he was standing in, the water would lower. Over his head hung branches of trees filled with fruit. When he would try to get them, wind would blow them out of his reach. He was "tantalized" with food and drink. This is where the word tantalize comes from.

His daughter is Niobe. And his son, Pelops, was made alive again by the gods. He went to Greece and became the ruler of the peninsula which still has his name, the Peloponesus.

Bushido

, meaning "Way of the Warrior", is a Japanese code of conduct and a way of life, more or less similar to the European code of chivalry. It comes from the samurai moral code and gives great importance to certain virtues like frugality, loyalty, martial arts mastery and honour until voluntary death, seppuku. Bushidō was created between the 11th to 14th centuries and took form as a code from the 12th to 16th centuries.

Under the Tokugawa Shogunate, Bushidō became official Japanese Feudal Law.
Honor codes are still used in modern times; for example, as part of the kamikaze beliefs.


Akbar

Akbar (Abu'l-Fath Jalal ud-b 
din Muhammad Akbar, 25 October 1542 – 27 October 1605), also known as Akbar the Great was the 3rd Mughal Emperor. He was born in Lahore (now Pakistan). He was the son of 2nd Mughal Emperor Humayun.

Akbar became the "de jure" king in 1556 at the age of 13 when his father died. Akbar was too young to rule, so Bairam Khan was appointed as Akbar's regent and chief army commander. Soon after coming to power Akbar defeated Himu, the general of the Afghan forces, in the Second Battle of Panipat. After a few years, he ended the regency of Bairam Khan and took charge of the kingdom. He initially offered friendship to the Rajputs. However, he had to fight against some Rajputs who opposed him. In 1576 he defeated Maharana Pratap of Mewar in the Battle of Haldighati. Akbar's wars made the Mughal empire more than twice as big as it had been before, covering most of the Indian subcontinent except the south (excluding the Deccan Plateau).

Akbar's system of central government was based on the system that had evolved since the Delhi Sultanate, but the functions of various departments were reorganised with detailed regulations for their functioning

Akbar was a Muslim. He realized that to establish a strong empire, he had to gain the confidence of his Hindu people who were the majority in India.

Din-i-ilahi ("Religion of God") was a religious path suggested by Akbar. It was a code of moral conduct which reflected Akbar's secular ideas and he desire to achieve peace, unity, tolerance in his empire. Belief in one god, worship of source of light, non-killing of animals, Having peace with all were some features of Din-i-ilahi. It didn't have any rituals, holy books, temples or priests.

Male circumcision was not to be done before the boy was 12 years old, and after that it was optional. It was a Jewish custom adopted by Islam. Akbar's rule was that it should be made optional and should be done, if at all, at an age when boys could understand what it was. Here Akbar gave every man a choice and opportunity to have a play of his reason. Indeed, the boy of reason as he was, he could not deny it to others. 

When he was at Fatehpur Sikri, he held discussions as he loved to know about others' religious beliefs. On one such day, he got to know that the religious people of other religions were often bigots (intolerant of others religious beliefs). This led him to form the idea of the new religion, Sulh-e-kul meaning "universal peace". His idea of this religion did not discriminate other religions and focused on the ideas of peace, unity and tolerance. This gesture of his made the Hindus and people of other religions call him with different names and start loving him.

Akbar's reign was chronicled by his court historian Abul Fazal in the books "Akbarnama" and "Ain-i-Akbari". Other sources of Akbar's reign include the wod Sirhindi. Akbar was an artisan, warrior, artist, armourer, administrator carpenter, emperor, general, inventor, animal trainer, technologist. He became emperor at the age of 13.

Akbar had Navaratnas ("nine jewels in Sanskrit") in his court which include Abul Fazl, Faizi, Tansen, Birbal, Raja Todar Mal, Raja Man Singh, Abdul Rahim Khan-I-Khana, Fakir Azizudin and Mohd Shakil Hasan

(Pronounced as "Akbar-e-Namah")<br>The Akbarnāma means the "Book of Akbar". It is the official biographical account of Akbar written by Abu Fazl. It includes vivid and detailed descriptions of his life and times. It also includes the information about the flora, fauna, life of the people of his reign, and the places Akbar used to visit.

The work was commissioned by Akbar, and written by Abul Fazl, one of the Navratnas (Nine Jewels) of Akbar's royal court. The book took seven years to complete. An illustration was done in the Mughal school of painting. A part of this is "Ain-i-Akbari".

On 3 October 1605, Akbar fell ill with an attack of dysentery, from which he never recovered. Twelve days after his sixty third year he died on 27 October 1605, after which his body was buried at a mausoleum in Sikandra (Agra): Akbar's tomb.

Campaign

Campaign is trying to do something. Some battles in wars are called campaigns. The word comes from "Campania", a region where the ancient Roman army often fought.

When someone in politics seeks election to a political office, that is called a "political campaign". Sometimes, a series of advertisements can be referred to as an "advertising campaign". A "blood drive", when the Red Cross or a hospital asks people to give blood, is also a campaign.

A campaign usually involves groups of people following a plan and working together in different ways to get what they want.

Manco Cápac

Manco Cápac (died circa 1230) was the first of the fourteen Inca rulers of Peru. He started the Inca empire. 

As he says it, his legend started at the waters of Lake Titicaca, when he was told by the sun god to go East to set up his empire. As they walked looking for a good place, Manco taught men to farm, hunt, and fish while Mama Ocllo, his wife taught women to work with wool and cotton. Near Cusco, as his sacred golden staff sank in the ground, Manco decided this was to be the capital city of his empire.

Brazzaville

Brazzaville is the capital city of the Republic of the Congo. One million people live there. Brazzaville is on one side of the Congo river, with Kinshasa on the other side. Brazzaville and Kinshasa are the nearest country capitals in the World.

Yellow Sea

The Yellow Sea is the northern part of the East China Sea. It is between Mainland China and the Korean peninsula. The northwestern part is called the Bohai Sea. The name "Yellow Sea" comes from the silt particles that color its water. The particles come from the Yellow River. Smaller rivers include the Yalu and Han Rivers. 

East China Sea

The East China Sea is a marginal sea east of China. It is a part of the Pacific Ocean and covers an area of 1,249,000 km². In China, the sea is called the "East Sea". In Korea, the sea is sometimes called ""South Sea"", but this is more often used to speak only of the area near South Korea's southern coast.

The East China Sea is bounded on the East by Kyūshū and the Ryūkyū Islands, on the South by Taiwan, and on the West by mainland China. It is connected with the South China Sea by the Taiwan Strait and with the Sea of Japan by the Korea Strait; it opens in the North to the Yellow Sea.

Territories with borders on the sea (clockwise from north) include: South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and Mainland China.

The Yangtze River (Chang Jiang) is the largest river flowing into the East China Sea.



Governor of California

The governor of California is the head of the state and government of the U.S. state of California and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the head of the executive branch of the state government and is the chairman of the gubernatorial cabinet.

Gavin Newsom is the 40th and current governor of California, in office since January 2019.

The governor has the power to enforce state laws and the duty to either approve or veto bills passed by the California Legislature or the California Senate to assemble the legislature and grant pardons, except in cases of impeachment.

Section 5 of the state's constitution states for a person to serve as governor must:


The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four-year term, along with the lieutenant gubernatorial candidate or the incumbent lieutenant governor of California as their running mate. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

Under Section 5 of the state's constitution forbids anyone from being elected governor more than twice.

The governor-elect is the candidate who has won the state's gubernatorial election and is awaiting inauguration to become the governor.

The governor-elect, or incumbent governor immediately began their four-year team on inauguration day every four years in the month of January, along with the incumbent lieutenant governor and lieutenant governor-elect.

If the governor dies, reigns, or is impeached, the lieutenant governor ranks first in the succession will assume the gubernatorial office and duties.

The California Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the governor of California. It has been the official residence of every governor since 1903.

For the period before statehood, see list of governors of California before 1850.
1. Peter Burnett

2. John McDougal

3. John Bigler

4. J. Neely Johnson

5. John Weller

6. Milton Latham

7. John Downey

8. Leland Stanford

9. Frederick Low

10. Henry Haight

11. Newton Booth

12. Romualdo Pacheco

13. William Irwin

14. George Perkins

15. George Stoneman

16. Washington Bartlett

17. Robert Waterman

18. Henry Harrison Markham

19. James Budd

20. Henry Gage

21. George Pardee

22. James Gillett

23. Hiram Johnson

24. William Stephens

25. Friend Richardson

26. C. C. Young

27. James Rolph

28. Frank Merriam

29. Culbert Olson

30. Earl Warren

31. Goodwin Knight

32. Pat Brown

33. Ronald Reagan

34. Jerry Brown

35. George Deukmejian

36. Pete Wilson

37. Gray Davis

38. Arnold Schwarzenegger

39. Jerry Brown

40. Gavin Newsom


Hymn

A hymn is a religious song of worship in Christianity, or a sacred song. Collections of hymns are known as hymnals.
Hymns are often sung by the entire group at church. Sometimes they are sung only by a special group called a choir. A piano or organ often plays the music while people sing. Most hymns are written in four-part harmony. They also often use a common meter. Thus, they tend to have a traditional sound. 

Many early hymns were taken from the Psalms. Later hymns began to include ideas from other parts of the Bible. Isaac Watts and Charles Wesley wrote many hymns. In in more modern times, Fanny Crosby wrote many more. Some hymns are prayers to God. Others tell about God. Songs which describe God or how people relate to Him are also called "gospel songs" instead of hymns.
One of the most famous hymns is Amazing Grace which also became a popular song. It was written by John Newton who was an evil person who later became a Christian. The hymn tells how God saved him from sin even though he was unworthy. This is an example of God's grace.

In Hinduism, a hymn is a "shloka".

Scarlett O'Hara

Scarlett O'Hara is the main charcater in Margaret Mitchell's book "Gone with the Wind" with the movie adaptation, and "Scarlett" by Alexandra Ripley. She is one of the residents of Georgia who had histrionic personality disorder.

Vivien Leigh

Vivien Leigh (; 5 November 1913 – 8 July 1967; born Vivian Mary Hartley and styled as Lady Olivier after 1947) was an English actress. She is best known for playing Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone with the Wind" in 1939, and Blanche DuBois in "A Streetcar Named Desire" in 1951. Leigh won Academy Awards for both of these roles.

Leigh was born in Darjeeling, Bengal, British India. She was married to Laurence Olivier from 1940 to 1960 and often acted in plays and movies with him. Olivier was Leigh's second husband. The first was Leigh Holman, and Miss Leigh was still legally married to him when she came to the US to accompany Laurence Olivier who came to Hollywood to star in David O. Selznick's production of "Rebecca" directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It was lucky that Miss Leigh's agent just happened to be David O. Selznick's brother, Myron. Miss Leigh wrote long letters to her husband then during the shooting of GWTW, complaining about the script, the change of director from George Cukor to Victor Fleming. The change was made at the insistence of Clark Gable, who felt that Cukor was devoting too much time and attention to directing Miss Leigh and her co-star, Olivia de Havilland. Miss Leigh also complained in her letters of Gable's bad breath due to his dentures.

When her divorce was final, she married Olivier (she referred to him as her husband until she died, although they had been divorced for many years). Leigh believed that Olivier was the best actor of his (or any) generation, and worked very hard to be worthy of acting with him - on stage, of course. Leigh believed, as did Olivier, that the only place "real" acting took place was on the stage. Her movie career reflects her lack of enthusiasm for that medium, concentrating instead on acting with Lord Olivier in live theatre. Many critics, however, did not feel that she had the "presence" and vocal prowess that Olivier possessed and her reviews were often (perhaps unfairly) negatively compared to her husband.

Leigh was considered to be beautiful and this sometimes meant that she thought that she was not taken seriously as an actress. However her ill health was often a bigger problem. Leigh suffered from bipolar disorder and often had tuberculosis. These meant that her career went through period of decline and that she was sometimes considered difficult to work with. She died of tuberculosis in London.

Sacred Heart

The prayer to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is a Roman Catholic devotion. A devotion is something that people do or say to show their love for God and Jesus. Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque wrote the prayer. When Roman Catholics pray to the Sacred Heart of Jesus they are praying for a part of Jesus that they believe is divine. The devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is also popular among some Anglo-Catholic Anglicans (Anglicans who use many of the same practices as Catholics).

Early Christians, for example John the Evangelist and Paul of Tarsus, wrote the first devotions or prayers to the love of God. The earliest devotions to the "Sacred Heart of Jesus" were from the Benedictine or Cistercian monasteries. St. Bernard of Clairveaux from the Cistercian religious order was the first person to write a devotion to the "Sacred Heart of Jesus", but some people believe that the first person was St. Anselm.

The devotion of the "Sacred Heart of Jesus" started to be more popular between the 13th century and the 16th century. Some religious orders, for example the Franciscans, Dominicans, and Carthusians practised the devotion. But, the devotion of the "Sacred Heart of Jesus" was most common with individual Christians. For many the devotion was a mystical devotion - similar to an experience in mysticism.

In the sixteenth century, there was a change in the way people practised the devotion of the "Sacred Heart of Jesus". The devotion started to be part of Christian Asceticism and stopped being part of Christian Mysticism. In the sixteenth century, the devotion also started to use special written prayers and exercises. For example, the devotion used the writings of Lanspergius (d. 1539) of the Carthusians of Cologne and of Louis of Blois (Blosius; 1566), who was a Benedictine and Abbot of Liessies in Hainaut. The devotion also used or followed the writing of John of Avila (d. 1569) and St. Francis de Sales, who lived in the 17th century.

In the 17th century, writers who followed Christian Asceticism wrote about the devotion of the "Sacred Heart of Christian Jesus". For example, Ascetic writers from the Society of Jesus wrote about the devotion many times. The image of the Sacred Heart of Jesus became very common. It was popular because many people used the image in the Franciscan devotion to the "Five Wounds" (explanation needed). The image also became popular because many Jesuits - members of the Society of Jesus- put the image on the first page of their books and on the walls of their churches.

But, the devotion of the "Sacred Heart of Jesus" continued to be a private and mostly individual devotion. Jean Eudes (1602-1680) made it a public devotion, gave it a religious Office (needs explanation), and created a Feast for it. Père Eudes was the apostle of the Heart of Mary; but in his devotion to the Immaculate Heart there was a share for the Heart of Jesus. Little by little, the devotion to the Sacred Heart became a separate one, and on August 31, 1670, the first feast of the Sacred Heart was celebrated in the Grand Seminary of Rennes. Coutances followed suit on October 20, a day with which the Eudist feast was from then on to be connected. The feast soon spread to other dioceses, and the devotion adopted in various religious communities. It gradually came into contact with the devotion begun at Paray, and resulting in a fusion of the two.

The most significant source for the devotion to the Sacred Heart in the form it is known today was a nun of the religious congregation of the Visitation of Mary Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque (1647-1690), who claimed to have received visions of Jesus Christ. There is nothing to indicate that she had known the devotion prior to the revelations, or at least that she had paid any attention to it. These alleged revelations were numerous, and the following apparitions are especially remarkable:

On December 27, probably 1673, the feast of St. John, Margaret Mary reported that Jesus permitted her, as he had formerly allowed St. Gertrude, to rest her head upon his heart. He then disclosed to her the wonders of his love, telling her that wanted them known to all mankind and to spread the treasures of his goodness, and that he had chosen her for this work.

In probably June or July, 1674, Margaret Mary claimed that Jesus requested to be honored under the figure of his heart of flesh, also claiming that, when he appeared radiant with love, he asked for a devotion of expiatory love: frequent reception of Communion, especially Communion on the First Friday of the month, and the observance of the Holy Hour.

During the octave of Corpus Christi, 1675, probably on June 16, the vision known as the "great apparition" reportedly took place, where Jesus said, "Behold the Heart that has so loved men ... instead of gratitude I receive from the greater part (of mankind) only ingratitude ...", and asked Margaret Mary for a feast of reparation of the Friday after the octave of Corpus Christi, bidding her consult Father de la Colombière, then superior of the small Jesuit house at Paray. Solemn homage was asked on the part of the king, and the mission of propagating the new devotion was especially confided to the religious of the Visitation and to the priests of the Society of Jesus.

A few days after the "great apparition", Margaret Mary reported everything she saw to Father de la Colombière, and he acknowledging the vision as an action of the spirit of God, consecrated himself to the Sacred Heart and directed her to write an account of the apparition. He also made use of every available opportunity to circulate this account, discreetly, through France and England.

At his death, February 15, 1682, there was found in his journal of spiritual retreats a copy in his own handwriting of the account that he had requested of Margaret Mary, together with a few reflections on the usefulness of the devotion. This journal, including the account and an "offering" to the Sacred Heart, in which the devotion was well explained, was published at Lyons in 1684. The little book was widely read, even at Paray.

Margaret Mary reported feeling "dreadful confusion" over the book's contents, but resolved to make the best of it, approving of the book for the spreading of her cherished devotion. Outside of the Visitandines, priests, religious, and laymen espoused the devotion, particularly a Capuchin, Margaret Mary's two brothers, and some Jesuits, among the latter being Fathers Croiset and Gallifet, who promoted the devotion.

The death of Margaret Mary, October 17, 1690, did not dampen the zeal of those interested; on the contrary, a short account of her life published by Father Croiset in 1691, as an appendix to his book "De la Dévotion au Sacré Cœur", served only to increase it. In spite of all sorts of obstacles, and of the slowness of the Holy See, which in 1693 imparted indulgences to the Confraternities of the Sacred Heart and, in 1697, granted the feast to the Visitandines with the Mass of the Five Wounds, but refused a feast common to all, with special Mass and Office.

The devotion spread, particularly in religious communities. The Marseilles plague, 1720, furnished perhaps the first occasion for a solemn consecration and public worship outside of religious communities. Other cities of the South followed the example of Marseilles, and thus the devotion became a popular one. In 1726 it was deemed advisable once more to importune Rome for a feast with a Mass and Office of its own, but, in 1729, Rome again refused. However, in 1765, it finally yielded and that same year, at the request of the queen, the feast was received quasi-officially by the episcopate of France. On all sides it was asked for and obtained, and finally, in 1856, at the urgent entreaties of the French bishops, Pope Pius IX extended the feast to the Catholic Church under the rite of double major. In 1889 it was raised by the Catholic Church to the double rite of first class.

On May 15, 2006, Pope Benedict XVI sent a letter to FatherPeter Hans Kolvenbach, the Superior General of the Society of Jesus, on the 50th Anniversary of the encyclical "Haurietis Aquas", about the Sacred Heart, by Pope Pius XII. In the letter, the Pope reaffirmed the importance of the devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus.

The Catholic acts of consecration, reparation and devotion were introduced when the feast of the Sacred Heart was declared. In his Papal Bull "Auctorem Fidei", Pope Pius VI praised devotion to the Sacred Heart. Finally, by order of Leo XIII, in his encyclical "Annum Sacrum" (May 25, 1899), as well as on June 11, he consecrated every human to the Sacred Heart. The idea of this act, which Leo XIII called "the great act" of his pontificate, had been proposed to him by a religious woman of the Good Shepherd from Oporto (Portugal) who said that she had supernaturally received it from Jesus. Since c. 1850, groups, congregations, and States have consecrated themselves to the Sacred Heart.

Peter Coudrin of France founded the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary on Dec 24, 1800. A religious order of the Roman Catholic Church, the order is best known for its missionary work in Hawaii.

Worship of the Sacred Heart mainly consists of several hymns, the Salutation of the Sacred Heart, and the Litany of the Sacred Heart. It is common in Roman Catholic services and occasionally is to be found in Anglican services.

The Feast of the Sacred Heart is a holy day in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar, and is celebrated 19 days after Pentecost. As Pentecost is always celebrated on Sunday, the Feast of the Sacred Heart always falls on a Friday.

The Enthronement of the Sacred Heart is a Catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the Sacred Heart. A blessed image of the Sacred Heart, either a statue or a picture, is then "enthroned" in the home to serve as a constant reminder to those who dwell in the house of their consecration to the Sacred Heart. The practice of the Enthronement is based upon Pope Pius XII's declaration that devotion to the Sacred of Jesus is "the foundation on which to build the kingdom of God in the hearts of individuals, families, and nations..."[4]

Sacred Heart is still a widely used name for many Catholic institutions, including schools, colleges, and hospitals in many countries around the world. It is also the name of many Catholic parishes, religious orders, and stores selling Catholic goods.

Religious imagery depicting the Sacred Heart is frequently featured in Catholic, and sometimes Anglican homes. Sometimes images display beneath them a list of family members, indicating that the entire family is entrusted to the protection of Jesus in the Sacred Heart, from whom blessings on the home and the family members are sought. The prayer "O Sacred Heart of Jesus, I place all my trust in Thee" is often used. One particular image has been used as part of a set, along with an image of the Blessed Virgin Mary. In that image, Mary too was shown pointing to her Immaculate Heart, expressing her love for the human race and for her Son, Jesus Christ. The mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts.

Many members of the Carlist military forces of the 19th and 20th centuries in Spain wore detentes or amulets with an image of the Sacred Heart. These Catholic monarchists believed the image would protect them against wounding by the enemy firearms.

Some non-Catholics, including Charismatic Protestants, have criticized devotion to the Sacred Heart as idolatry in that worship is directed towards a body part. The response of Catholics is to contend that the Sacred Heart is a traditional symbol depicting Christ's holy blood as a fountain. Some Catholics have been critical of the overly sentimental nature of such devotion,[5] but most of these critics concede that the images essentially reflect the core Christian tenet of love.

Dates for the Feast of the Sacred Heart, 2002-2020


Marian Prayer

Marian prayers or Marian devotions are acts of asking for the intercession of the Mary, the mother of Jesus. It is mainly something done by Roman Catholics but it is also used by Anglo-Catholics. Marian prayer is not worship. It is asking Mary to pray, or intercede for you and/or other people. When asking for Mary's intercession, you are honouring her and not worshipping her. It is to ask her to help you communicate better with her son, Jesus. They "are" still following the second commandment, because they are not worshipping, only asking for intercession in their lives. Many novenas and prayers can be said in her honour. 
There are in fact many common ways in doing so but there is a simplistic yet symbolical prayer called the rosary, the reciting pray for the intervening of mother Mary. This is said in honour and praise of her as well as to ask of her help. Another example is yet commonly said during the rosary itself and is called the "hail holy queen". 

Clark Gable

William Clark Gable (February 1, 1901 – November 16, 1960) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Rhett Butler in the 1939 movie version of "Gone with the Wind". 

Gable was born on February 1, 1901 in Cadiz, Ohio. He was married five times. He had two children. The last movie that Gable starred in was "The Misfits", in 1961. This movie also starred Marilyn Monroe and was written by Arthur Miller. Gable died shortly afterwards in Los Angeles, California, after having had a fourth coronary thrombosis.

Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for playing Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie version of "Mutiny on the Bounty". A year before in 1934, he starred in "It Happened One Night" with Claudette Colbert. Their performances won them both an Academy Award (the only wins in their careers).

Nyctosaurus

Nyctosaurus was a pterosaur from the Upper Cretaceous. It had a wing span of 1 meter and a very big crest. It was in the Pterodactyloidea and related to "Pteranodon". 

Marilyn Monroe

Marilyn Monroe (born Norma Jeane Mortenson; June 1, 1926 – August 4, 1962) was an American actress, writer, model, singer and filmmaker. Famous for playing comic "blonde bombshell" characters, she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s. 

Between 1946 and 1962, she made 44 movies. Although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade, her films grossed $200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962.

Norma Jeane Mortenson was born on June 1, 1926 at LAC+USC Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, United States. When she was seven years old, her mother, Gladys (Monroe) Baker Mortenson, was hospitalized after being diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic, a severe mental condition. Norma was left in a series of foster homes and the Los Angeles Orphans' Home Society. The constant move from one foster home to another resulted in Norma's "sketchy" educational background.

After Norma's sixteenth birthday, her foster parents had to move from California. To avoid an orphanage or a new foster home, Norma chose to get married. On June 19, 1942, Norma married James Dougherty, but the marriage would all but end when he joined the U.S. Merchant Marines in 1943. Though her difficult childhood and early failed marriage would make Norma Jean a strong and resilient woman, these experiences would also add to her insecurities and flaws—things that would ultimately shape her into a great tragic figure of the twentieth century.

Marilyn Monroe became famous, starring in a number of hit movies during the 1950s and early 1960s. She also became famous for modeling for photographers and singing in her musical movies. One time, she sang "Happy Birthday" to President John F. Kennedy. It turned out to be one of her last appearances.

The 16-year-old Norma Jeane married James Dougherty on June 19, 1942. After the wedding, he joined the navy. At this time, Norma met an army photographer, David Conover. She began a career as a model. She changed her name to Marilyn Monroe. She and Dougherty divorced on September 13, 1946.

Monroe married the baseball star Joe DiMaggio on January 14, 1954. The marriage lasted for nine months. She had met DiMaggio on a blind date, during the filming of the movie "Monkey Business" in 1952. The marriage was closely followed by the public. DiMaggio retired from baseball, and Marilyn became very famous. DiMaggio was sad that his career as a baseball star was ending, and was jealous of Marilyn for being admired. He spent most of his time watching television and Monroe found it boring. They separated on October 31, 1954. From 1961, they became friends again. DiMaggio said that he gave Marilyn a rose every week for 20 years.

Marilyn married Arthur Miller on June 29, 1956. She converted to Judaism. She had met him during the filming of "As Young As You Feel" in 1951. She was so happy with him and they tried to have children together. Marilyn had three miscarriages, because of her endometriosis. Miller wrote the screenplay for the movie "The Misfits". The filming caused many problems between Marilyn and Arthur and they separated on January 20, 1961.

She died early from an overdose of barbiturates on August 4, 1962 in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California, U.S. at 36 years old.





Eliot, Maine

Eliot is an American town in the state of Maine. The population was 6,717 at the 2020 census.

The schools in Eliot are a part of MSAD35. It is around an hour away from Boston.

Troodon

Troodon (or Troödon) is a genus of relatively small, bird-like dinosaurs, from the later part of the Cretaceous period, 75 - 65 million years ago. The alternate spelling "Troödon" shows that the 'o's are pronounced separately, as in 'zoology'.

They were probably carnivorous, but details of their teeth are a bit unusual. Some experts suggest they may have included plant material in their diet, but this is not a majority view.

Discovered in central Montana in 1855, it was among the first dinosaurs found in North America. Its species ranged widely, with fossil remains recovered from as far north as Alaska, and the Judith River formation of Alberta, and as far south as Wyoming and even possibly Texas and New Mexico.

"Troodon" had a large brain in proportion to its body weight. It had a sickle claw, an enlarged and retractable second toe claw bone. "Troodon" had 122 teeth. The size and shape of the leg bones show that the "Troodon" would have been a fast runner. 
The view that "Troodon" was a predator is supported by its sickle claw on the foot and apparently good binocular vision.

"Troodon"s size ranged widely. In general, individuals that lived further north were larger than those that lived in more southern areas. "Troodons" in Alaska were especially large, up to 12 feet long, 5 feet tall, and weighing up to 175 pounds. Meanwhile, "Troodons" that lived in more southern locations were only around 7 feet long, 3 feet tall, and weighed up to 50 pounds, about the size of a "Velociraptor". Very likely "Troodon" had feathers, but no fossil evidence for feathers has yet been found.

There has been a lot of debate about which specimens, all very incomplete, should be called "Troodon". The genus now includes specimens previously classified as "Stenonychosaurus".

"Troodon" nests full of eggs have been found in Montana. When scientists CAT-scanned them, they found baby Troodon skeleton embryos inside of them. They found skeletons of a small plant-eating dinosaur named "Orodromeus" with the eggs, as well as a skeleton of an adult Troodon. At first, it was believed that the eggs had belonged to the "Orodromeus", and that the Troodon was there intending to rob the nest.

However, it was later discovered that the eggs belonged to the "Troodon" when baby "Troodon" embryos were found inside the eggs. It is now believed that the adults had killed the "Orodromeus" and brought them back to feed their babies. "Troodon"s laid up to 24 eggs in their nests which were earth mounds. They were able to lay two eggs at a time, so large clutches would take two weeks to lay.

A 2017 description had redeemed the validity of "Stenonychosaurus" and had created a new genus from separate bones naming them "Lateniventrix", limiting "Troodon" to a few teeth.

Saurornithoides

Saurornithoides was a fast running dinosaur from 79 million years ago. It was related to "Troodon". Its fossils have been found in Mongolia and China. 

Like its cousin "Troodon", "Saurornithoides" was an intelligent predator, with large eyes and good vision. It had a retractable, sickle-shaped claw on the second claw of each foot that was used for attacking prey. "Saurornithoides" probably fed on small prey, such as lizards, frogs, insects, and small mammals. It may also have hunted in packs to bring down other dinosaurs. "Saurornithoides" was discovered in the Gobi Desert on an expedition in the 1920s. The dinosaurs "Velociraptor", "Protoceratops", and "Oviraptor" were also discovered during these expeditions to the Gobi Desert.

Reining

Reining is a competitive way of riding a horse. In reining, the horse performs spins, sliding stops, rollbacks and lead changes. Reining has twelve patterns the rider normally has to follow. The rider can perform freestyle where they make up their own pattern and ride it to music. This is all done under a western saddle.

Horses have been used by humans for thousands of years, and the skills associated with riding horses have been gradually developed throughout this history. The skills used today in reining originate from tasks done with work horses like to gather cattle together.

In competition, the riders need to do many manoeuvres at a gallop. They need to guide precisely the horses with one hand through a complex pattern that includes stops, spins, rollbacks and circles. There are twelve different patterns. The rider and the horse are judged on various criteria. First, points can be given or removed for the obedience of the horse if it seemed easy and fluid for the rider to control him or if the horse showed some resistance. The show is also judged for the execution of the manoeuvres and the control of the rider. For example, if the manoeuvre was executed correctly no point are given and no point are removed, if the manoeuvre was executed badly the judge decides on how many points he removes and if the manoeuvre was executed I an excellent way, the judge can give points. The rider executing is pattern and the judge evaluating it takes about five minutes and after that, the judge gives mark on a total of seventy points for the execution of the choreography by the rider and the horse.


Rani Lakshmibai

Lakshmana, the Rani of Jhansi (19 November 1828 — 18 June 1858) was an Indian queen and warrior.

She was one of the greatest leaders of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and, became for Indian nationalists a symbol of resistance to British rule in India.

Manikarnika is born into a Maratha family. She was married to Gangadhar Rao, the Maharaja of Jhansi, in 1842, and became the Rani of Jhansi. After her marriage, Manikarnika became Lakshmibai, named in honour of the goddess Lakshmi. Before her marriage, she was known as Chabili (meaning "jolly ways"). In September 1851, Rani Lakshmibai had a son, Damodar Rao. He died at the age of four months. On the day before the Raja's death in November 1853, he adopted his cousin's child. His name was Anand Rao but, was renamed Damodar Rao, after their actual son. The Raja wrote a letter to the British government of India requesting that his widow should be recognised as the ruler of Jhansi after his death during her lifetime. After the death of her husband the head of the British government refused to allow her adopted son to become raja and Jhansi was ruled by the British. This was done by the "Doctrine of lapse" - if an Indian ruler died without a male child his adopted son would not succeed him; but the personal property of that king goes to his adopted son.

After all the British in Jhansi had been killed by Indian troops in June 1857 the Rani took over the administration provisionally until the British returned. She had to form an army to defeat the invading forces of Orchha and Datia. In March 1858, British forces led by Sir Hugh Rose came to Jhansi to take back the city from the Rani who now wanted independence. Jhansi was besieged and taken after strong resistance. Many of the people of the city were killed in the fighting and afterwards. The Rani escaped to Kalpi and jointly with the Maratha general Tantya Tope then seized Gwalior. In the battle of Kotah ki Serai in which their army was defeated Rani Lakshmibai was wounded and died on 18th June 1858.



Ukrainian hryvnia

Hryvnia is the national currency of Ukraine.


Chronos

Chronos (Ancient Greek: , "time", also written as Khronos or Chronus) is the Greek God of time. He is the personification of time in philosophy before Socrates, and in later literature. Chronos controls the past, present, and future of everything. Without Chronos, the other Greek Gods would have never existed.

In the Orphic cosmogony, Chronos never ages. He gives birth to Aether and Chaos, and made a silvery egg in the divine Aether. It produced the god Phanes, who is a hermaphrodite. Phanes gave birth to the first generation of gods and is the creator of the cosmos.

Speyer

Speyer (English formerly "Spires") is a city in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate with about 50,000 inhabitants on the Rhine river. It lies south of Ludwigshafen and Mannheim. Around the year 500 the town gets the name "Spira", named after the stream "Speyerbach" which flows into the Rhine river here.

The center of Speyer is dominated by the Speyer Cathedral. Here are the tombs of several of the Salian emperors: the bodies, however, are believed to have gone missing during one of the French invasions during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.


Goethe University Frankfurt

The Goethe University Frankfurt (German: "Goethe-Universität Frankfurt am Main") opened in 1914. With 38.000 students it belongs to the five largest universities in Germany and has the biggest library of them. The university has more than 600 teaching and researching professors; 16 faculties offer 170 courses of study.

Thayer Academy

Thayer Academy is a private school that prepares people for college. It is in Braintree, Massachusetts. People from Grades 6–12 can become students there. The school was made in 1871, at the request of General Sylvanus Thayer. Thayer Academy is one of Greater Boston's most well respected private school's.



Siegfried

Sigurd (Old Norse: Sigurðr) is a strong hero in the "Nibelungenlied", an epic poem written about the year 1200. He killed the dragon Fafnir and took its treasure, the "Nibelungenschatz". After killing the dragon, he bathed in its blood and so changed his skin, so that he could not be wounded any more. The earliest extant representations for his legend come in pictorial form from seven runestones in Sweden and most notably the Ramsund carving (c. 1000) and the Gök Runestone (11th century).

But a leaf fell from a linden tree above while he was bathing and landed on his back, and the little patch of skin that it covered did not touch the dragon's blood, so that Siegfried remained vulnerable (he could be hurt) in that one spot.

Siegfried wants to marry Kriemhild, the sister of Gunther, kin of the Burgundians in Worms. But before he is allowed to marry her he has to help Gunther to win against Brünhild, the queen of Iceland. He does it with the help of a cloak which lets him become invisible.

After their marriage Siegfried and Kriemhild live in Siegfried's kingdom for some years. Then they come to visit Worms and Kriemhild's family again. Brünhild, the wife of Gunther, and
Kriemhild argue about who is of higher rank. Now Kriemhild tells Brünhild that Siegfried helped Gunther in his fight against her and that he gave a proof of this victory to Kriemhild. Therefore, Brünhild becomes so furious that she decides that Siegfried must be killed. This is done by Hagen, one of Gunther's men, while Siegfried is drinking from a well during a hunt in the Odenwald. Hagen also takes the treasure of Siegfried from Kriemhild and throws it into the Rhine.

The name Siegfried in German means "victory peace".

Siegfried appears in two of the four operas in Wagner's Ring cycle: the third opera is called "Siegfried" and the fourth one is called "Götterdämmerung" although originally Wagner called it "Siegfrieds Tod" ("The Death of Siegfried"). Wagner makes several changes to the story.

James II of England

James II and VII (14 October 1633 – 16 September 1701) was king of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 1685 to 1688. He was King James II in England and Ireland, and King James VII in Scotland. He was also Duke of Normandy from 31 December 1660. He lost his kingdoms in the Glorious Revolution of 1688. He did not succeed in taking them back in a war, and he spent the rest of his life in France.

He was the last Roman Catholic king in the British Isles. Some of his people did not like his religious ideas, leading a group of them to disobey and fight against him. This was called the Glorious Revolution in England and Scotland. King James and his son, James Francis Edward went into exile. The king was replaced by his Protestant daughter, Queen Mary II, and her husband King William III and II. They became rulers in 1689. 

The belief that James, not William III or Mary II, was the one true ruler became known as Jacobitism (from Jacobus or Iacobus, Latin for James). James made one serious attempt to recover his throne when he landed in Ireland in 1689. After his defeat at the Battle of the Boyne in the summer of 1690, he returned to France, living the rest of his life under the protection of King Louis XIV. His son James Francis Edward Stuart (The Old Pretender) and his grandson Charles Edward Stuart (The Young Pretender and Bonnie Prince Charlie) attempted to restore the Jacobite line after James's death, but failed.

Fichtelgebirge

The Fichtelgebirge is a mountain range in northeastern Bavaria, Germany. It extends from the valley of the Red Main River to the Czech border, where it is continued by the much higher Ore Mountains.

The highest mountain is the Schneeberg (1051 m). Rivers rising from the Fichtelgebirge are the White Main (German: Weißer Main), the Saxon Saale, the Ohře (German: Eger) and the Fichtelnaab which later joins the Waldnaab. Cities on the edge of the mountains include Bayreuth and Hof.

The mountains slope gradually away to the north and the south, but there is a steep slope to the west, where the Red Main forms the boundary of the mountains.

The Fichtelgebirge attracts many tourists both during summer and winter, mainly for hiking and skiing, but also to see the large rock formations.

Ore Mountains

The Ore Mountains (German "Erzgebirge", Czech "Krušné hory") are a mountain range in Germany and the Czech Republic. They form the border between both countries for 150 km, extending from the western border of Saxony to the Elbe river. They are named for their plentiful metal ores.

The Ore Mountains are famous for many Christmas traditions. As the ores silver and tin were not found any more in the mines, former miners had to look for new ways to feed their families. In addition to lace making and weaving, the inhabitants went into wood carving. Nutcrackers, "smoking men", "pyramids" (carousels with figures of the Christmas story or from mining) and "Schwibbogen" (wooden arcs with candles in the windows, symbolising the opening of a mine) are some of many Christmas goods made in the Ore Mountains. "Seiffen" in the East Ore Mountains was a centre of the wooden toy industry.

Manifest (transportation)

A manifest or ship's manifest is a document that lists the cargo, passengers, and crew of a ship, aircraft, or vehicle. It is made for the use of customs and other officials. If the list is just a list of passengers, it is a passenger manifest or passenger list. A list of cargo is a cargo manifest or cargo list. The manifest may be used by people having in interest in the transport to insure that passengers and cargo listed as having been placed on board the transport at the beginning of its passage continue to be on board when it arrives at its destination.


Stenonychosaurus

Stenonychosaurus (meaning "narrow claw lizard") is a genus of troodontid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta, Canada based on a foot, fragments of a hand, and some caudal vertebrae.

A 2017 description had redeemed the validity of "Stenonychosaurus" and had informalised the genus "Troodon", synonymising it with "Latenivenatrix".

"Stenonychosaurus" was a small dinosaur, up to in height, in length, and up to in mass.They, like most related dromaeosaurs such as "Velociraptor" and "Deinonychus" had retractable sickle-like claws on their feet.

Henry IV of England

Henry IV (3 April 1367 – 20 March 1413) was a King of England. He was born at Bolingbroke Castle in Lincolnshire, which is why he was often called "Henry Bolingbroke".

His father, John of Gaunt, was the third son of King Edward III, and had a lot of power in the reign of King Richard II.

Henry and Thomas de Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk argued in 1398. King Richard ordered Henry to live outside England for ten years (with the approval of Henry's father, John of Gaunt) but Thomas de Mowbray was exiled from England for life.

The next year John of Gaunt died, and Richard would not allow Henry to inherit Gaunt's land. Instead, Henry had to ask for the lands from Richard. 

Henry met with the exiled Thomas Arundel, former Archbishop of Canterbury. Henry and Arundel returned to England while Richard was on a military campaign in Ireland. 

With Arundel as his advisor, Henry Bolingbroke began a military campaign, took land from those who opposed him and ordering his soldiers to destroy much of Cheshire.

Henry gained enough power and support to have himself declared King Henry IV. He sent King Richard to prison (who mysteriously died in prison) and by-passing Richard’s seven-year-old heir presumptive Edmund de Mortimer. 

Henry was crowned on 13 October 1399. It was the first time since the Norman Conquest in 1066 that the monarch made a public speech in English. Henry consulted with Parliament frequently, but was sometimes at odds with them, especially over religious matters. On Arundel's advice, Henry was the first English king to allow the burning of heretics, mainly to suppress the Lollard movement.

Thalassodromeus

Thalassodromeus was a pterosaur found in northern Brazil. It was 60 cms long and had a wingspan of 1 metre and a head crest on its skull.

Oratorio

An oratorio is a piece of music for orchestra, choir and solo singers. It usually tells a story from the Old Testament. An oratorio may be about two hours long: a whole concert. It is rather like an opera, but whereas an opera is acted out in costume on a stage, an oratorio is sung and played in a concert hall or church. The oratorio as we know it was created in the 18th century. The words were normally in the composer’s own language, not in Italian like most operas were at that time.

The word "oratorio" had been used many centuries ago for music-dramas performed in churches in western Europe. In Italy oratorios and operas were both being composed in the 17th century. In Germany composers like Heinrich Schutz and, later, Johann Sebastian Bach were writing Passions which tell the story of the crucifixion. These are not usually called “oratorios” but they are similar.

The first important composer of oratorios was George Frideric Handel. Handel, who was born in Germany, had become English. Handel had written a lot of operas, but in 1732 he started to write oratorios instead and quite suddenly people became very interested in oratorios. He used the same sort of music as in his operas: the work would start with an overture (an introduction on the orchestra) and then there would be recitative (the bits that told the story), arias (songs for the solo singers) and choruses for the choir. The chorus was very important in oratorios: they got more to sing than in most operas. This meant that choral societies became very popular, and this tradition spread from England (where Handel lived) to other countries in Europe. Handel’s most famous oratorio is "Messiah". Unlike most of his other oratorios, the story is not from the Old Testament. It tells the story of the birth, life and death of Jesus. In Britain Handel’s "Messiah" is traditionally performed around Christmas. Other oratorios by Handel include: "Deborah", "Saul", "Samson", "Judas Maccabaeus" and "Solomon". Handel composed all these oratorios to English texts.

In the 19th century the oratorio was very popular. At the turn of the century Joseph Haydn wrote some of his best music in his two oratorios: "Die Schöpfung" ("The Creation") (1798) and "Die Jahreszeiten" ("The Seasons") (1801). Mendelssohn wrote "St Paul", "Elijah" and the "Hymn of Praise". Dvořák, Berlioz and Gounod are among the most important Romantic composers of oratorio, and in the 20th century famous oratorios include Elgar’s "Dream of Gerontius" (1900), Walton’s "Belshazzar’s Feast" (1931) and Tippett’s "Child of our Time" (1941).

Pterodactylus

Pterodactylus (Pterodactylus Antiquus) was a small pterosaur. It lived in the later Jurassic period, at the same time as many dinosaurs. "Pterodactylus" is typical of the short-tailed pterosaurs. The sub-order continued to the end of the Cretaceous, but "Pterodactylus" is only known from the latest Jurassic. 
The first specimens were found at Solnhofen in Bavaria, Germany. Also found in these strata was the famous "Archaeopteryx". 

These carbonate strata formed in warm lagoons. "Pterodactylus" may have lived on small islands in the lagoon, or on the coast. Perhaps it lived further inland and was blown here in a storm. The high salinity would support little life, so the pterosaurs would have fed in some other area.

The first specimen was found in the 18th century, and a description published in 1784. Later, Georges Cuvier worked out that it was a flying reptile. A juvenile pterosaur came to light in 1817, and showed clearly that Cuvier had been right. Now, 30 specimens of the genus are known.

Rutiodon

Rutiodon was a type of phytosaur. Phytosaurs were crocodile-like animals that lived during the time of dinosaurs. Its nostrils were far back on the head, close to the eyes. It was shown in the movie "When Dinosaurs Roamed America" trying to catch a Coelophysis. It jumped out of the water. and roared without warning.

When Dinosaurs Roamed America

When Dinosaurs Roamed America is a 2001 television movie from the Discovery Channel. The movie is narrated by John Goodman. This movie tells us about species of dinosaurs that lived in North America through the ages of the Mesozoic era. The backgrounds of the movie are real places of America.



Late Jurassic Segment




Cigar

A cigar is a form in which tobacco is smoked. It is usually larger than a cigarette. Cigars are made of different types of tobacco which are cured in many different way to produce unique flavors and fragrances. Most quality cigars are rolled using a tobacco leaf, though more and more cigars have been rolled using different types of paper to replace the tobacco leaf. This results in a cleaner looking cigar. Commercially produced cigars are rolled and packed using machinery, and quality control and smokeability cannot be truly verified. Hand rolled cigars prove to still be the best option, but are more costly. 
Cuba is known worldwide for their cigars, which are famously hard to get in the United States because of an embargo against Cuba. Many other countries also produce cigars, most notably in the Central America and Caribbean island areas.

Bahá'u'lláh

Bahá'u'lláh, also spelled Bahaullah, which means "Glory of God", was a Persian nobleman who founded the religion known as the Bahá'í Faith.

He was born in the city of Tehran, in Persia, in 1817 and died in 1892. His followers consider him a messenger of God. One of his teachings was that all men and women are equal and that all the religions believe in the same God.


`Abdu'l-Bahá

`Abdu'l-Bahá was a Persian man who was born on May 23, 1844 and died on November 28, 1921. His father was Bahá'u'lláh who founded the religion known as the Bahá'í Faith. 

`Abdu'l-Bahá spent most of his adult life in prison or under arrest, because of his father's new religion. Bahá'u'lláh called him the "Expounder" of his word, meaning that only `Abdu'l-Bahá had the right to say what Bahá'u'lláh's writings mean. This was to prevent different people from splitting the religion up because they thought Bahá'u'lláh meant different things, the way many other religions have split up.

Shoghi Effendi

Shoghi Effendi (1 March 1897-4 November 1957) was a Persian man. He was the great-grandson of Bahá'u'lláh who founded the religion known as the Bahá'í Faith. 
After Bahá'u'lláh died, Shoghi Effendi's grandfather, `Abdu'l-Bahá lead the Bahá'ís. `Abdu'l-Bahá died, he left a "will and testament" that said that Shoghi Effendi was the "Guardian", and that his job was to guard and lead the Bahá'í Faith. `Abdu'l-Bahá's will said that only Shoghi Effendi could interpret `Abdu'l-Bahá's or Bahá'u'lláh's books and letters. This was to prevent different people from splitting the religion up because they thought Bahá'u'lláh or `Abdu'l-Bahá meant different things, the way many other religions have split up.

Will (law)

A will or testament is a legal document that explains the last wishes of someone after they die. It is sometimes called a "last will and testament".

A person writes a will and testament before they die, and usually writes what they want to happen to their estate (money and their things) after they die. A will may also provide for other issues including,

When a person passes away, the person's will may be probated, meaning that a probate court will authorize a representative to carry out the deceased person's wishes. Depending upon where probate occurs, the representative may be called a "personal representative", "executor" or "administrator".

Uhlan

Uhlan is the name for a type of Polish soldier of light cavalry, armed with lance (a kind of spear). The respect for such Polish troops caused that in the beginning of the 19th century great part of European armies created similar military units. In most European armies, the units of that kind took the name of lancers. In the Russian, Austrian, and German armies, the units of Polish lancers had kept the original name of Uhlans.

Not

The word not negates the meaning of the word or phrase following it; see No.

Not, NOT, NOTs, or NOTS may also refer to:



Chin

The chin is the bottom part of the face. It is under the mouth and is the forward part of the jaw.

The chin is unique to present-day humans, our species. It is not present in the anthropoid apes, nor in any other hominin. Neanderthals did not have a human-type chin. In medical anatomy, the chin is called the "mental eminence".

Its absence in "Homo floresiensis" is grounds for thinking that small hominin was not of our species.

It is thought that our chin may have become shaped like this to improve the muscle attachments of the lips and tongue. Chins can be larger or smaller, depending on the person. Even though chin sizes vary a lot, it is usually further forward than the rest of the face in normal humans.

Anne, Queen of Great Britain

Anne of Great Britain (6 February 1665 – 1 August 1714) was the Queen of England (which included Wales), Scotland and Ireland. During her reign, the kingdoms of England and Scotland came together to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain (the first form of the United Kingdom). For this reason, she is the first monarch to rule over the UK.

Anne was born during the reign of her uncle, King Charles II. After Charles' death, Anne's father James II became King of England. James was unpopular because he was Catholic. James was replaced by Anne's older sister, Mary II and her husband William III. Mary and William had no children. Anne became Queen of of England, Scotland, and Ireland on 8 March 1702 after the death of William. 

In her first speech to the Parliament of England, Anne said it was important to unite England and Scotland. In 1707, they both formed to create the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Anne was married to Prince George of Denmark, who died in 1708. Anne was pregnant 17 times but none of her children survived to adulthood. In her 30s, she became very ill and obese.

Queen Anne died on 1 August 1714. Doctors say she died because of stress and overall poor health as well as being overweight. Because of the Act of Settlement and the fact that Anne had no surviving children, the next King of Britain was George I, her cousin.

Kind

Kind has different meanings:


Knot

A knot is a fixed looping of a piece of string or rope. Knots are often used for binding things together. While a knot is often made from rope, it can also be made from many other things. In fact, a knot is actually the condition a long flexible object is in. For example, hair can be tied in a knot. The ends of balloons are tied in a knot to prevent the air from escaping. The average person over 5 or so years of age is likely capable of tying a knot; most of these knots people tie are probably with their shoelaces. Ribbons are also tied in a knot so as to appear pretty, as when wrapped around a gift. In addition, knots are also made by sailors in many different forms and for many different purposes. There are even people who have adopted knot-making as a hobby.


Flensburg

Flensburg (Danish and Low Saxon: "Flensborg", Frisian: "Flensburch", North Frisian: "Flansborj") is a city in Germany. It is next to the border with Denmark. About 90,164 people live in Flensburg. The city has a university. A very well known part of Flensburg is Mürwik. There lies a small navy harbour. Flensburg lives on tourism, students and the German navy forces.

There was a first settlement about 1200 A.D., which became a city in 1284. In the following century, Flensburg became the economic centre of the Duchy of Schleswig. In 1409 there were battles between people of the Duchy of Holstein and the Danish crown about the control of Schleswig. In 1412 and 1500 there were bad plagues in Flensburg. In 1485, there was a big fire in the city.

Between 1460 and 1864 Flensburg was the second most important harbour in Denmark after Copenhagen. Since the 16th century Flensburg was an important place for trade. Flensburg became part of Prussia in 1864, after the Danish-Prussian War.

In 1920, there was an election in Schleswig. The vote was to decide whether people wanted to belong to Denmark or Germany. Flensburg and regions south of the city decided to stay German, while regions north of the city chose to become Danish.

In 1945, many Germans were driven out of their homes in the eastern German provinces. These people went to Flensburg. The city had more than 100,000 inhabitants for a couple of years. Nowadays Flensburg has about 85,000 inhabitants.

Goslar

Goslar is a historic city in Germany. About 43,000 people live there.

The German Emperor Henry I founded Goslar in 922. In the 11th century Goslar became seat of a Pfalz, a temporary seat of the Emperor. In 1253 Goslar became a Free City (that means without being ruled a Duke) in the Holy Roman Empire and joined the Hanseatic League.

Henry 4th a Holy Roman Emperor came from Goslar.

In the Thirty-year War Goslar belonged to the loyalists of the Emperor, although its territory belonged to a Protestant region. The Swedish King Gustav II Adolph punished Goslar for supporting the imperial forces. After 1642 Goslar came under the rule of the Welfs.

In 1803 Goslar lost its status as a Free City and belonged to Prussia. Napoleon made Goslar a part of the Kingdom of Westphalia. After the Napoleonic Wars it became part of the Kingdom of Hanover.

In the 19th century Goslar lost its economic base. Now it lives mainly on tourism.

Anonymous (hacker group)

Anonymous is a decentralized group of anonymous online activists. Contrary to popular belief, they are not one organization, but rather a label used by high-profile hackers to make themselves unrecognizable to law enforcement as well as the public. They are associated with many online and offline protests. These protests commonly relate to freedom of speech. They often protest against political corruption and censorship. Anonymous also makes DDoS attacks (where an attacker disconnects his or her target from the internet, sometimes forever) on popular websites such as PayPal and the United States' Department of Justice homepage. Other common targets include organizations who seem to limit people's freedom of speech.

Anonymous is also often associated with image boards such as 4chan and protests such as the Occupy Movement.

Some people have been arrested for involvement in Anonymous cyberattacks in countries including the U.S., UK, Australia, the Netherlands, Spain, and Turkey. Views of the group's actions and usefulness vary widely. Supporters have called the group "freedom fighters" and digital Robin Hoods while some have judged them as "a cyber lynch-mob" or "cyber terrorists". In 2012, "Time" called Anonymous one of the "100 most influential people" of 2012 in the world.

Members of anonymous are called "Anons". When anons appear in public, they often wear Guy Fawkes masks. Guy Fawkes masks come from a graphic novel and film called "V for Vendetta". Some Anons also disguise their voice with voice changers (products that distort a user's voice) or text-to-speech programs.

Anons regularly have conflicting opinions, but mostly they are non-extremist. Anonymous does not have a hierarchy or a leader. Instead, anons work together because they have similar interests. Parmy Olson explains, "There was no single leader pulling the levers, but a few organizational minds that sometimes pooled together to start planning a stunt."

Generally, anons fight censorship on the Internet, and they mostly target governments, organizations, and corporations who they believe to use censorship. Anons were early supporters of the global Occupy Movement and the Arab Spring.

Since 2008, Anons have disagreed on whether Anonymous should focus on pranks and entertainment or serious activism.We [Anonymous] just happen to be a group of people on the Internet who need—just kind of an outlet to do as we wish, that we wouldn't be able to do in regular society. ...That's more or less the point of it. Do as you wish. ... There's a common phrase: 'we are doing it for the lulz.'

— Trent Peacock. "Search Engine: The Face of Anonymous", February 7, 2008.Members of Anonymous protest in legal and illegal ways. In 2012, Olson described Anonymous as a "movement" rather than a group: "anyone can be part of it. It is a crowd of people, a nebulous crowd of people, working together and doing things together for various purposes."

Anonymous has few rules. These rules include not sharing one's identity, not talking about the group, and not attacking media (such as news, television, and film).We are Anonymous. We are Legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget. Expect us.

— Common tagline of Anonymous members.

MTV

MTV (originally an acronym for Music Television until 2010) is an American cable television network. They are based in New York City. The channel launched on August 1, 1981. They used to only show music videos. The first music video shown on MTV was "Video Killed the Radio Star" by The Buggles. Today, the channel shows many different television programs aimed at adolescents and young adults.


Bundesautobahn 45

The Bundesautobahn 45 ("in German: A 45"), is a Motorway from the Ruhr area till Hanau.

The highway begins in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia and crosses Hesse. The A 45 ends in Bavaria.



List incomplete

AFC Ajax

Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax (Ajax Amsterdam, AFC Ajax, or simply Ajax) is a football club from Amsterdam, Netherlands. They play in the Eredivisie, which is the highest football competition in The Netherlands. Players like Johan Cruyff, Van Basten, Frank Rijkaard, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Jari Litmanen played for this club.

The club was founded on March 18, 1900. The founders were Floris Stempel, Carel Reeser and Johan Dade. It was the second attempt to found Ajax. In 1894 they tried it too. Ajax is named after the mythological hero Ajax the Great.

Ajax promoted to the highest level in 1911. Their coach was Jack Kirwan. Because Sparta Rotterdam had almost the same kit (clothes), they had to change it.

The name of the stadium is Amsterdam ArenA and has an attendance (which means the number of seats) of about 52.000. The Amsterdam ArenA was opened on 14 August 1996 by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands. Their previous stadium was named De Meer.


 Apres Maccabi Tel Aviv * Red Bull Slazbourg ou vas Joue Oscar Gloukh ( apres Euro 2024 - Paris 2024 ou Word Cup 2026 qui vas Joue avec Israel ) בזרת השם ***

Fungicide

A fungicide is a poison. It is used to kill fungi that are considered unwanted.

Chad Kroeger

Chad Robert Turton (better known as Chad Kroeger) is a Canadian singer and guitarist for the rock band, Nickelback. He was born on November 15, 1974, in Hanna, Alberta, Canada. 

Kroeger is of American, English, German, Irish, Norwegian, Scottish, Swiss-German, and Welsh descent. Kroeger became engaged to Canadian singer Avril Lavigne in 2012. The couple married in 2013 and separated in 2015.

Nickelback consists of four band members. Chad Kroeger (vocals, lead guitar), Mike Kroeger (bass guitar), Ryan Peake (rhythm guitar) and Daniel Adair (drums). 

Consecutive integer

Consecutive numbers are numbers that follow each other in order. They have a difference of 1 between every two numbers. In a set of consecutive numbers, the mean and the median are equal. 

If "n" is a number, then the next numbers will be "n+1" and "n+2". 


Consecutive numbers that follow each other in order:


Consecutive even numbers are even numbers that follow each other. They have a difference of 2 between every two numbers.

If "n" is an even integer, then "n," "n"+2, "n"+4 and "n"+6 will be consecutive even numbers.

For example - 2,4,6,8,10,12,14,18 etc.

Consecutive odd numbers are odd numbers that follow each other. Like consecutive odd numbers, they have a difference of 2 between every two numbers.

If "n" is an odd integer, then "n," "n"+2, "n"+4 and "n"+6 will be consecutive odd numbers.


3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, etc.

−23, −21, −19, −17, −15, -13, -11

Beowulf (hero)

Beowulf is the hero of the Anglo-Saxon poem "Beowulf". He was the son of Ecgþeow, a banished warrior of the Wægmundings. Ecgþeow had killed a man from another clan and had to flee to the Danes. The Danish king Hroðgar accepted him as one of his warriors. The king also paid to repay the blood feud that was threatening Ecgþeow.

When King Hroðgar came upon difficulties because his land was raided by the giant Grendel- a descendant of Cain, and cursed-, Ecgþeow's son Beowulf came to help him with twelve warriors. During the night, Grendel arrived to attack the sleeping men. Grendel gruesomely slaughtered one man before anyone awoke, but Beowulf attacked him. Beowulf had earlier decided to fight without his sword because he thought it would be shameful to fight with unequal weaponry. He, however, outmatched Grendel in strength and tore off his arm. Grendel fled back to his cave, where he died and his arm was fixed to the wall like a trophy. During the following night, Grendel's Mother arrived and Beowulf had an even harder fight against her, as she stole back her son's arm and retreated to her underwater cave. Beowulf followed her and spent a day sinking to the bottom of the lake, and they fought it out a while before Beowulf saw a sword, which conveniently was the only sword that could possibly kill Grendel's mother. He stabbed her with it, and she died. The sword dissolved and he found and beheaded Grendel's body. He brought back the head as a trophy. Beowulf was greatly rewarded for both of these feats, and he and his men were showered in glory and riches. All the gold was presented to their king, and Beowulf was rewarded with a great sword, land, a hall, and the throne of the Geats when the current king dies.

Later on in life, Beowulf ruled over his native Geatland for 50 years until a dragon attacked after a golden goblet was stolen from its cave by a slave. He travels to its cave and successfully slays it, but is severely injured in the melee. He was bitten in the neck, and the venom will kill him. The dying Beowulf then crowns a young warrior called Wiglaf as his successor (as he himself does not have children and all his predecessors have died). Wiglaf is one of the 12 soldiers he took with him to fight the dragon, but the only one who stayed when they saw he was losing. He is then burned on a pyre with all of his gold he won by slaying the dragon. 
There have been many fictional books and films made based on "Beowulf". Beowulf appeared in most of them. 

Clan

A clan is a group of people who – following a tradition – belong to the same kin. The word comes from the Goidelic languages, and means 'family'. It is similar in meaning to the more general word tribe.

In Europe, the best-known clans system is that in Scotland, which still has some effects today, especially in the Scottish Highlands and Islands. It existed before the land was unified under a Scottish king, and continued long afterwards. Clans also
existed in Ireland. 

Muon-catalyzed fusion

Muon-catalyzed fusion (μCF) is a type of cold nuclear fusion, which means that nuclear fusion can happen at low temperatures and under normal pressure. There need to be 3 particles: a muon, a positively charged triton and a positively charged deuteron. The muon, which has a greater mass (when its not moving) than an electron, drags the heavier triton and the deuteron to it, creating something called a muonic heavy hydrogen ion. This means that the particle is a hydrogen atom with more protons then electrons, that contains a muon, and that contains extra neutrons which make it heavier. This reaction can be done at room temperature or below, such as -270 degrees Celsius.

To create these, a stream of negative muons is sent onto blocks of protium, deuterium and tritium (3 first isotopes of hydrogen). The muon bumps out the electron in the hydrogen atom. Because the electron is replaced, any 2 atoms are bound together. This makes a molecular ion, also called a special muonic molecule. A muon is 207 times more massive then an electron. Because of the difference in mass, the atom changes. Because it is heavier, the atoms in the molecular ion are pressed very tightly together, and then the nuclei, the centers of the atoms, join together. The following process is called nuclear fusion. The 2 nuclei join together and "glue" together. But, their weights do not just add up, a part of their mass is released as energy. This is the energy used.

Now, the process continues because the muon is thrown out of the nuclei when they fuse, so it can join other nuclei, which continues the reaction. Sometimes the muon is attached to something else thrown out from the nucleus, and the muon is lost. This stops the reaction.

The good thing about this is that muon-catalyzed fusion uses little energy, and produces much energy. The only problem is that the reaction is not stable, so it does not last a long time, because the muons are lost. This process is still a long way from being used for business.

Berber

Berber might refer to:


Nomad

Nomadic people (or nomads) are people who move from one place to another, instead of living in one place. The best known examples in Europe are gypsies, Roma, Sinti, and Irish travelers. Many other ethnic groups and communities are traditionally nomadic; such as Berbers, Kazakhs, and Bedouin.

People are nomads for many reasons. Most nomads are family men herding their livestock, such as cattle, or horses from pasture to pasture. These people have to change places because of the weather. Other nomads are traders and craftsmen (people who make things), traveling to exchange goods or to practice their craft where it is needed.

Nomads who follow their herds usually live in tents with few things inside, like the Mongols. Nomads who trade or practice crafts usually have wagons in which they travel, because wagons are better for carrying goods.

The Sámi of Lapland are semi-nomadic tribe following a herd of reindeer. They are a migratory people who lead their own herd of reindeer to winter feeding grounds and then return them in the spring to their feeding ground close to a permanent home base, where their family lives. This cycle happens every year. 

The skills of nomadic life can also be useful in mobile warfare, and have been used in attacking sedentary agricultural and urban people. Genghis Khan and the Mongol hordes, for example conquered vast areas in Asia by organizing themselves as cavalry.

Geodesic dome

A geodesic dome is a structure shaped like the top half of a sphere, made of many little shapes, usually triangles. It often is made of glass, concrete, or steel. They are cheap to make, and bigger than square buildings. 

The first geodesic dome was designed after World War I by Walther Bauersfeld, chief engineer of the Carl Zeiss optical company, for a planetarium to house his planetarium projector. An initial, small dome was patented and constructed by the firm of Dykerhoff and Wydmann on the roof of the Zeiss plant in Jena, Germany. A larger dome, called "The Wonder of Jena", opened to the public in July 1926.

Later, they were promoted by the American engineer, Buckminster Fuller. He coined the term "geodesic". Many kits are available. 

A variation on geodesic domes are monolithic domes

Coprolalia

Coprolalia is a condition that affects about 15% of people with Tourette syndrome. Someone with coprolalia will use words that make people feel uncomfortable so often that it is hard to control. This is often in the form of a stream of curse words.

People who have Tourette syndrome are not the only people who experience coprolalia. For example, it can happen in people who have had a stroke, or who have schizophrenia.

Billy Talent

Billy Talent, before called Pezz, is a Canadian punk rock band from Mississauga, Ontario. The name Billy Talent was inspired by the guitarist "Billy Tallent" from the Michael Turner novel "Hard Core Logo". They performed and recorded together for about 10 years before becoming famous.




Don Cheadle

.Donald Frank Cheadle Jr. (/ˈtʃiːdəl/; born November 29, 1964) is an American actor, author, director, producer and writer. Following early roles in "Hamburger Hill" (1987), and as the gangster "Rocket" in the film "Colors" (1988), Cheadle built his career in the 1990s with roles in "Devil in a Blue Dress" (1995), "Rosewood" (1997) and "Boogie Nights" (1997). His collaboration with director Steven Soderbergh resulted in the films "Out of Sight" (1998), "Traffic" (2000) and "The Ocean's Trilogy" (2001–2007).

Cheadle was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his lead role as Rwandan hotel manager Paul Rusesabagina in the historical genocide drama film "Hotel Rwanda" (2004). From 2012 to 2016, he starred as Marty Kaan on the Showtime comedy series "House of Lies"; he won a Golden Globe Award in 2013 for the role.

Cheadle extended his global recognition with his role as the superhero War Machine in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, replacing Terrence Howard. He currently appeared in "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Iron Man 3" (2013), "" (2015), "" (2016), "" (2018), "Captain Marvel" (2019) and "Avengers: Endgame" (2019) and will appear in the upcoming Disney+ series Iron Heart.

Cheadle became eligible for his Screen Actors Guild (SAG) card when he appeared as a burger joint employee in the 1985 comedy "Moving Violations". In 1987 he received a small role in episode 19, season 7 of "Hill Street Blues" where he played a teenager with learning difficulties. Followed by an appearance in "Hamburger Hill" the same year; Cheadle secured the role of Jack in the April 1, 1988, "Jung and the Restless" episode of "Night Court". Although his character was 16 years old, Cheadle was 23 at the time.

Cheadle then played the role of Rocket in the 1988 movie "Colors". In 1989, he appeared in a video for Angela Winbush's No. 2 hit single "It's the Real Thing", performing dance moves in an orange jumpsuit, working at a car wash. In 1990, he appeared in an episode of "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" titled "Homeboy, Sweet Homeboy", playing Will Smith's friend and Hilary's first love interest, Ice Tray. In 1992, he played a supporting role in "The Golden Girls" spin-off "The Golden Palace". Cheadle subsequently played district attorney John Littleton on three seasons of "Picket Fences".

Cheadle first received widespread notice for his portrayal of Mouse Alexander in the film "Devil in a Blue Dress", for which he won Best Supporting Actor awards from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association and the National Society of Film Critics and was nominated for similar awards from the Screen Actors Guild and the NAACP Image Awards. Following soon thereafter was his performance in the title role of the 1996 HBO TV movie "Rebound: The Legend of Earl "The Goat" Manigault". He also starred in the 1997 film "Volcano", directed by Mick Jackson.Don Cheadle also starred in Rush Hour 2 (2001), with Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker..

Cheadle's television credits include Emmy-nominated performances in the movies "The Rat Pack", "A Lesson Before Dying", "Things Behind the Sun" and in a guest appearance on "ER". The last of these spanned four episodes during the show's ninth season, in which he portrayed Paul Nathan, a medical student struggling to cope with Parkinson's disease. He has made appearances in films including "Rosewood", "The Family Man", "Boogie Nights", "Out of Sight", "Traffic", and "Ocean's Eleven". These last three were directed by Steven Soderbergh. He made a cameo appearance in the film "Abby Singer". In 2005, Cheadle was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Paul Rusesabagina in the film "Hotel Rwanda". He also starred in and co-produced "Crash", which won the 2006 Academy Award for Best Picture. For his performance in "Crash", Cheadle was nominated for the BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild Awards for Best Supporting Actor. He played the main character in the movie "Traitor".

In March 2007, Cheadle starred with comedian Adam Sandler in Mike Binder's "Reign Over Me", a comedy-drama about a man who has slipped away from reality after the death of his wife and three daughters in 9/11. The film was a box office flop, earning a domestic gross of $22.2 million. Cheadle later starred in the 2009 DreamWorks Pictures film "Hotel for Dogs". Cheadle was to make his directorial debut with the adaptation of Elmore Leonard's "Tishomingo Blues", but in July 2007 he stated, "'Tishomingo' is dead..."

Cheadle appeared in NFL commercials promoting the Super Bowl from 2002 to 2005. He so regularly appeared for the NFL in its Super Bowl advertising that in 2006, in a drive to get fans to submit their own advertising ideas, the NFL sought his permission to reference his previous commercials to portray themselves as having no new ideas: "he quickly signed off on the idea and found it funny." Abe Sutton (along with Etan Bednarsh), one of the finalists in this NFL contest, played on this commercial by proposing an ad where every player on a football team is Don Cheadle.

In 2009, Cheadle and "Boondocks" creator Aaron McGruder worked on a potential comedy show on NBC. The "project revolve[d] around mismatched brothers who reunite to open a private security company." Cheadle and McGruder were slated to serve as executive producers, while McGruder was expected to write the script.

Also in 2009, Cheadle performed in "The People Speak", a documentary feature film that uses dramatic and musical performances of the letters, diaries, and speeches of everyday Americans, based on historian Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States".

In 2010, Cheadle assumed the role of War Machine / James Rhodes in "Iron Man 2" (2010), replacing Terrence Howard. Cheadle currently reprised this role in "Iron Man 3" (2013), "Avengers: Age of Ultron" (2015), "Captain America: Civil War" (2016), "Avengers: Infinity War" (2018), "Avengers: Endgame" (2019) and will reprise it in the Disney+ series Iron Heart.

From 2012 to 2016, Cheadle starred in the Showtime TV series "House of Lies". In 2013, he won the Golden Globe as Best Actor in a Comedy Series for his role on the show.

Cheadle spent ten years writing and producing the film "Miles Ahead" (2016) based on the life of jazz musician Miles Davis. Cheadle also directed and starred in the film. Locations for the movie were found in Cincinnati.

In 2018, Cheadle guest-starred in the first-season finale of "DuckTales", providing Donald Duck's new voice box.

Some of the movies he was in are:

Massospondylus

Massospondylus was a dinosaur from the Upper Triassic to the Lower Jurassic periods. It was described by Richard Owen in 1854. It is one of the first dinosaurs to have been named. The remains were found in South Africa. 

The dinosaur was bipedal. It was probably a plant eater (herbivore).

MIRC

mIRC is a popular shareware Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client for Microsoft Windows. It was created in 1995 by Khaled Mardam-Bey in C. Its most recent update (7.25) was made in 2012. It is licensed as Proprietary. It comes free of charge for 30 days and then you have the choice to buy it for US$20, or continue using but the program will ask you to buy it at each launch.



For Dummies

The ...for dummies is a series of books that try to explain something very simply. The series was created in 1991 by Dan Gookin. The first book was about the computer operating system MS-DOS. Dan Gookin created the book, because in 1987 a person wanted a book that was simple and easy to read, as the person considered computer books to be dull at that time. After MS-DOS for dummies, came PC's for Dummies by Gookin, and Andy Rathbone. Other popular ...For Dummies books are The Internet for Dummies by John Levine, Carol Baroudi, and Margaret Levine Young, and Beginning Programming for Dummies by Wallace Wang. The book cover is usually yellow and black, with the name in white letters on the black part.


The Source (Charmed)

The Source is a fictional character in the television series "Charmed". The Source of All Evil is vanquished by the Power of Three in the fourth season of the show. Cole Turner (Phoebe's fiancee) takes his place as the ruler of the Underworld. Once he is killed, the Charmed Ones are free.

Takasaki line

The is a railway line that runs from Omiya station in Saitama Prefecture to Takasaki Station in the Gunma Prefecture. It runs diagonally from south to north in Saitama prefecture and is owed and operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East Japan). The national highway route 17 and its historical predecessor Nakasendo run near this line.
The fare between Takasaki and Omiya of the Takasaki line is 1280 yen.
The colors of the cars are green and orange. So it looks similar to the Utsunomiya line.
The maximum speed of this train . So it is possible to go Takasaki from Omiya in about an hour and a half.
The Takasaki line including local trains and rapid trains has generally six standard-runs per hour in daytime. According to the time, the train might be crowded with students and company employees in major cities, for example, Ageo, Okegawa, Kitamoto, Kounosu, Kumagaya, Fukaya, Honjo.

Red panda

The red panda ("Ailurus fulgens") is a mammal. It is the only species of the Ailuridae family. There are two subspecies: "Ailurus fulgens fulgens" and "Ailurus fulgens styani". It is also known as lesser panda, cat-bear, bear-cat and firefox.

Most that are bred at Japanese zoos are "Ailurus fulgens styani". They are called レッサーパンダ in Japan and 小熊貓 (xiǎo xìong māo) in China, both literally translating to English as "small bear-cat", or "fox-bear". They have become popular for how they look. The IUCN classes them as 'vulnerable'

The red panda is not closely related to the giant panda: they are in different families, but share a vegetarian diet. They have both adapted to eating plant material, which is unusual for members of the Carnivora.

French zoologist Frédéric Cuvier first described the western red panda Ailurus fulgens fulgens in 1825, 48 years before the black and white bear was classified.

A scientist by the name Brian Houghton Hodgson was one of the first people to look more deeply into the Red Panda because up until he did, there was not much known about the species. In addition to Bamboo, the Red Panda also eats fruits, tuberous roots, acorns, and beechmast. The Red Panda is not necessarily nocturnal but is classified as crepuscular which means they are active around dawn and sleep during the night and midday. Besides how they slept, Hodgson observed that they were monogamous and only breed once a year.

The red panda lives in the southern part of China, Sikkim, Nepal, and the Himalaya mountains in high trees. In the Indian kingdom of Sikkim it is the state animal. As an endangered species it is protected by laws in the countries where it lives. 2 nearly complete skeletons have been found at the Gray Fossil Site in Gray, Tennessee. 

Red pandas are about 50-60 centimeters long. They weigh between three and five kilograms. They have chestnut colored hair, and their faces have white designs. They eat fruits, roots, bamboo shoots, acorns, and insects. They are active at night and sleep on trees in the daytime. Red pandas sleep in their tail. A red panda's tail can measure from 30 to 50 centimeters long (Almost the length of their body) which provides them with supreme balance while navigating the treetops. They will also use these tails as wraparound blankets in their chilly mountain habitat. They act alone, not in groups. They eat blossoms, berries, various plants, and bird eggs. They have thumb-like appenages for grabbing Bamboo, similar to giant pandas. Red pandas feed mainly on bamboo using their opposable thumb. While their thumb-like appendages can be used in the same way as that of giant pandas, it is believed that the red panda’s opposable thumbs may have evolved as an adaptation for grasping branches in trees rather than for stripping bamboo. The red panda can be found spending most of their day on top of tree branches. Their thumb-like appendages make them skilled climbers. They live eight to ten years in the wild and up to 15 years in captivity. They are particularly carnivore. They have the digestive system of a carnivore, but they are practically vegetarians.

Glatston, A. R. (2011). Red panda biology and conservation of the first panda (1st ed.). Academic Press.

Refraction

Refraction is the change in direction of a wave, caused by the change in the wave's speed. Examples of waves include sound waves and light waves. Refraction is seen most often when a wave passes from one transparent medium to another transparent medium. Different types of medium include air and water. 

When a wave passes from one transparent medium to another transparent medium, the wave will change its speed and its direction. For example, when a light wave travels through air and then passes into water, the wave will slow and change direction. In this property when the light is transmitted through a medium, polarisation of electrons take place, which in turn reduces the speed of light, thus changing the direction of light.

As light goes into a medium which is denser, the light ray will 'bend' toward the normal. When it goes back into the less dense medium (with a lower refractive index), it will bend back through the same angle as when it came in (if the surface at exit is parallel to the surface at entry).

An example of how refraction works is placing a straw in a cup of water, with part of the straw in the water. When looking at a certain angle, the straw appears to bend at the water's surface. This is because of the change in density of the medium and thus, bending of light rays as they move from the air to water.

A good and simple way to understand how light works is to think of it like a car. When the car hits the gravel surface (this is the medium) on an angle, the tire that hits it first will slow, causing it to turn in that direction. Therefore, if light hits a medium on the right having a greater refractive index, it will bend right. The amount of bending is given by Snell's law and . Lenses work by refraction.

When light refracts in a prism, it splits into colours of the rainbow because some wavelengths bend more than others. 

In optics the refractive index or index of refraction "n" of a substance is a dimensionless number that describes how light, or other radiation, goes through that medium. It is defined as 
where c is the speed of light in a vacuum and "v" is the "phase velocity" of light in the medium. Snell's law uses refractive indexes to calculate the amount of refraction.

Fargo

Fargo usually refers to:

Fargo may also refer to:






Psychedelic mushroom

Magic mushrooms or psychedelic mushrooms or Psilocybin mushrooms contain the alkaloid psilocybin, or similar substances.

Psilocybin is a mind-altering chemical. It changes the brain to an altered state of mind, or a different state of consciousness. This can lead to effects like hallucinations or visions. They may be used for medical purposes to treat cluster headaches, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and certain kinds of depression.

"Psilocybe semilanceata" is the classic example of a magic mushroom, but there are quite a few others. These fungi also have some species with psilocybin: "Copelandia", "Gymnopilus", "Inocybe", "Mycena", "Panaeolus", "Pholiotina", "Pluteus".

Psilocybin can kill in extremely high doses. The LD of psilocybin is 280 mg/kg for rats, this is about 1.5 times that of caffeine. In normal psychedelic mushrooms, psilocybin makes up about 1% of their weight. Therefore, nearly 1.7 kilograms of dried mushrooms, or 17 kilograms of fresh mushrooms, would be required for a 60 kg person to reach the 280 mg/kg LD50 rate of rats.

Psilocybin mushrooms have probably been used since prehistoric times. They may be seen in rock art. Many cultures have used these mushrooms in religious rites. Psychedelic mushrooms have been used by native peoples of Mesoamerica for religious communion and healing. Catholic missionaries were against the use of magic mushrooms. In Modern society, they are sometimes used recreationally. Their medical use in psilocybin-assisted psychotherapy is studied, for example, in the treatment for anxiety and depression in patients with life-threatening cancer, the treatment of depression and to help quit smoking.

The function of compounds like this in nature is they reduce the likelihood of the mushroom being eaten before its spores have been scattered. It is a defence against herbivory.

Harold Godwinson

Harold Godwinson was King Harold II of England (c. 1022 – 14 October 1066). He ruled England after king Edward the Confessor died. He ruled from 5 January 1066 until he was killed at the Battle of Hastings. His death marked the Norman conquest of England and the end of Anglo-Saxon England.
unsourced

Harold was the son of Godwin, Earl of Wessex, and Gytha, a Danish noblewoman. His sister, Edith, was married to the king he succeeded, Edward the Confessor. About that same time Harold became Earl of East Anglia. When his father died in 1053, Harold inherited his earldom of Wessex. 

Elfgar, son of Leofric of Mercia was appointed to replace Harold in East Anglia. Berkshire and Somerset were joined to Wessex again. Wessex itself was, in those days, an enormous amount of land that covered about a third of England. Harold ruled over a large portion of England, making him the most powerful man in the whole kingdom, after the King.

Harold Godwinson had three brothers: Tostig, Swegen and Gryth. He claimed to have been made King by Edward the Confessor. Before Harold Godwinson became king, he swore to help William, Duke of Normandy to become king.

In September 1066 Harold Godwinson defeated an invasion from the north by Harald Hardrada. He returned south to fight Duke William's invasion. He was killed, it is generally assumed, by an arrow shot by one of William's archers, but some reports say he was cut down by many soldiers.

Spanish Armada

The Spanish Armada was a Spanish naval fleet (army of ships) that was famously used by King Philip II of Spain against England in 1588.

The ships were on their way to Flanders, across the English Channel, to fetch an army to invade England. However, the Royal Navy, under Queen Elizabeth I, caught up with the ships on the way. English ships sailed from Plymouth to attack the Armada. They were faster and more easily moved than the larger Spanish galleons. The English fired on the Armada and lost no ships as the Spanish sailed eastward off the south coast of England.

That started on 12 July 1588 and ended in August 1588.

The second-in-command of the Royal Navy was Sir Francis Drake. A story is that he was playing a game of bowling with his friends when he heard of the attack, but he boldly insisted that he had time to finish the game and then to defeat the Spanish Armada. The story was first written 100 years after the supposed events, however, and so it may have not have happened.

The Spanish Armada was led by Spanish Duke of Medina Sidonia. He had no naval experience but replaced the original commander, who had died in February.

The following year, an English Armada, sometimes called the "Counter-Armada" attacked the Spanish Navy in Portugal but complety failed also. That makes much less famous than the Spanish Armada.

The Anglo-Spanish War (1585-1604) had several causes:

The defeat of the Armada is often attributed to a severe storm that scattered the Spanish vessels before they met the British fleet. The Spanish could not use their advantage of having far more ships. The English had only 55 ships, which were not larger but carried more guns. The Spanish had only short-range cannons, but the English had long-range cannons. Part of the English strategy was to sink or to damage the enemy ships before they got close enough to fire back at them.

The English ships could also move more easily. The Spanish galleons could have their oars broken off completely by a heavy vessel sailing past nearby. The morale and the dedication of the English sailors were high, especially by the famous speech by Elizabeth I and their loyalty to England. They also were led by experienced captains, who had years of naval battles behind them.

The defeated Spanish fled northward through the North Sea, and the English chased them. Many more ships were lost, and thousands of men died during the retreat.

The English sailors had done very well but failed to get paid and were made to stay on their ships and "guard" in case there was another Spanish attack. Lord Howard of Effingham was shocked when he found out that his soldiers were not getting paid. He said, "I would rather have never a penny in the world, than they should lack" (Modern English: "I would rather never have money to having my men not have it").

A year later, Elizabeth I sent a similar English Armada of more than 100 ships and 19,000 troops to complete her victory. It was to seize a fleet of Spanish treasure ships and to impose a new king on Portugal. However, that expedition also failed.

A second Spanish Armada in 1596 and a third one in 1597 also failed.

King Philip II of Spain had a poor understanding of his plan of action. He believed that God was on his side, which was a faulty understanding of reality.

As the Armada was being prepared, English Admiral Sir Francis Drake launched a daring raid on the Spanish port of Cadiz, which disrupted the Spanish preparations and forced the invasion to be postponed until 1588.

The Duke of Medina-Sidonia had been selected for not his skills as an admiral but his noble birth. He was not very confident to lead such a huge armada against the English naval ships. He had also been known to get seasick. 

The Spanish lacked experienced gunners on their ships. On the other hand, the English fleet roughly had one man in ten as a gunnery specialist. That meant that that every gun crew was supervised by someone with the relevant skills and experience. As a result, when the battle came, the English fired two or three times faster.

The Spanish carried more ammunition for their cannons than the English, but it was not as good. The iron ore in Spain was inferior in that found in England. The situation was made worse by the rush to produce ammunition for the expedition. To speed production, cannonballs had been cooled in water, which weakened their structure.

Even before they reached their destination, the Spanish ships had been scattered by storms twice. Some were damaged, others were lost, and there were long delays while they regrouped. That was an omen of what was to come, when storms smashed the Spanish fleet as it fled the English. The Spanish then limped home around the British Isles.

The English used fire ships against the Spanish fleet. They did not sink any enemy ships. However, they forced the Spanish to scatter, and ships were damaged as they collided one another. That gave the English an advantage in the days that followed.


Frank Griswold

Frank Tracy Griswold III (born 18 September 1937 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania died 6 March 2023) was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.

Griswold went to school at St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. He earned an A.B. in English literature from Harvard College (1959). He attended the General Theological Seminary and earned his B.A. and M.A, in theology from Oriel College, Oxford University (1962, 1966). Griswold became a priest in 1963. He became a priest in Pennsylvania. He worked at three churches there. Frank Griswold was the bishop of Chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997.

Griswold is a member of the Joint Standing Committee of the Primates of the Anglican Communion and the Anglican Consultative Council. He was co-chair of the Anglican-Roman Catholic International Commission from 1998 to 2003. He was a member of the standing committee for the 1998 Lambeth Conference. He has also served on diocesan, national and international committees for liturgy, worship and ecumenism. He is also a member of The Fellowship of Saint John.

His term as presiding bishop ended on November first 2006. He was replaced by the Rt. Reverand Katharine Jefferts Schori. She was elected by the General Convention of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.

Sun

The Sun, also known as Sol, is a star at the center of the solar system. It is a white star that gives off different types of energy such as infrared energy (heat), ultraviolet light, radio waves and light. It also gives off a stream of particles, which reaches Earth as "solar wind". The source of all this energy is nuclear fusion. Nuclear fusion is the reaction in the star which turns hydrogen into helium and makes huge amounts of energy. It is a nearly perfect ball of hot plasma.

The Sun looks yellow to a person standing on the Earth, but it is actually white. It looks yellow from the ground because the Earth's atmosphere scatters sunlight, causing shorter blue and green wavelengths to disperse, making the Sun's remaining visible light appear more yellow.

The Sun is a star like many others in our Milky Way galaxy. The Sun is a type of star called a G-type main-sequence star based on its spectral class. 

The Sun has existed for a little over 4.5 billion years.

The Sun is about a hundred times as wide as the Earth. It has a mass of . This is 333,000 times the mass of the Earth. 1.3 million Earths can fit inside the Sun. The Sun fuses about 600 million tons of hydrogen into helium every second.

The Sun is the main source of energy for the Earth. This energy is made deep inside the Sun in a process called nuclear fusion. Four hydrogen atoms are fused together to make one helium atom. Some of the leftover matter turns into energy. This is the same way energy is released in a hydrogen bomb.

It can take between 10,000 and 170,000 years for the energy in the core of the Sun to escape.

The Sun is the most important source of energy for life on Earth. Without the Sun, there would be no vegetation on Earth: every plant needs light to live and grow. Everything on Earth would freeze over without the Sun. The Sun gives the Earth heat as well as light. Plants make oxygen by photosynthesis. All humans and animals breathe oxygen. The Earth's position in the Solar System is just right for the development of life on Earth. 

The Sun is a G-type main-sequence star. It has about 99.86% of the mass of the Solar System. The Sun has an absolute magnitude of +4.83. It is brighter than about 85% of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy. The Sun is a Population I star, i.e it a metal-rich fairly young star.

The Sun is the brightest object in the Earth's sky. It has an apparent magnitude of −26.74. It takes 8 minutes and 19 seconds for light to travel from the Sun's surface to Earth's surface.

Scientists think that the Sun started from a very large cloud of dust and small bits of ice about 4.567 billion years ago.

At the center of that huge cloud, gravity caused the material to build up into a ball. Once this got big enough, the huge pressure inside started a fusion reaction. The energy this released caused that ball to heat and shine. At its very center, hydrogen atoms collide together at great temperature and pressure and fuse to form atoms of helium. This process is called nuclear fusion. It was proposed by Hans Bethe just before World War II.

The Sun and everything that orbits it is in the Milky Way galaxy. The Sun orbits around the centre of the Milky Way. It takes along everything in the Solar System. The Sun moves at 820,000 km an hour. At that speed, it still takes 230 million years for a full orbit.

Since the Sun is all gas, surface features come and go. If the Sun is viewed through a special solar telescope, dark areas called sunspots can be seen. These areas are caused by the Sun's magnetic field. The sunspots only look dark because the rest of the Sun is very bright.

Some space telescopes, including the ones that orbit the Sun have seen huge arches of the Sun's matter extend suddenly from the Sun. These are called solar prominences. Solar prominences come in many different shapes and sizes. Some of them are so large that the Earth could fit inside of them, and a few are shaped like hands. Solar flares also come and go.

Sunspots, prominences and flares become rare, and then numerous, and then rare again, every 11 years.

This is the surface of the Sun. The light that the Earth receives from the Sun is radiated from this layer. Below this layer, the Sun is opaque, or not transparent to light.

The Sun is mainly composed of hydrogen and helium. All elements heavier than hydrogen and helium, account for less than 2% of the mass of the Sun. The Sun's chemical composition was got from the interstellar medium. The hydrogen and most of the helium in the Sun would have been produced by Big Bang nucleosynthesis in the first 20 minutes of the universe. The heavier elements were produced by stars that died before the Sun was formed. The heavier elements were released into the interstellar medium when stars exploded as supernovae.

Five layers make up the atmosphere of the Sun. The chromosphere, transition region, and corona are much hotter than the outer photosphere surface of the Sun. It is believed that Alfvén waves may pass through to heat the corona.

The minimum temperature zone, the coolest layer of the Sun, is about above the photosphere. It has a temperature of about . This part of the Sun is cool enough to allow simple molecules such as carbon monoxide and water to form. These molecules can be seen on the Sun with special instruments called spectroscopes.

The chromosphere is the first layer of the Sun which can be seen, especially during a solar eclipse when the moon is covering most of the Sun and blocking the brightest light.

The solar transition region is the part of the Sun's atmosphere, between the chromosphere and outer part called the corona. It can be seen from space using telescopes that can sense ultraviolet light. The transition is between two very different layers. In the bottom part it touches the photosphere and gravity shapes the features. At the top, the transition layer touches the corona.

The corona is the outer atmosphere of the Sun and is much bigger than the rest of the Sun. The corona continuously expands into space forming the solar wind, which fills all the Solar System. The average temperature of the corona and solar wind is about . In the hottest regions it is . We do not understand why the corona is so hot. It can be seen during a solar eclipse or with an instrument called a coronagraph.

The heliosphere is the thin outer atmosphere of the Sun, filled with the solar wind plasma. It extends out past the orbit of Pluto to the heliopause, where it forms a boundary where it collides with the interstellar medium.

A solar eclipse appears when the moon is between the Earth and Sun. The last total solar eclipse occurred on December 26, 2019, and was visible from Saudi Arabia, India, Sumatra and Borneo, with a partial eclipse visible in Australia and much of Asia. 

A lunar eclipse happens when the moon passes through the shadow of the Earth which can only occur during a full moon. The number of lunar eclipses in a single year can range from 0 to 3. Partial eclipses slightly outnumber total eclipses by 7 to 6.

Astrophysicists say our Sun is a G-type main-sequence star in the middle of its life. In about billion years, increased solar energy will boil away the Earth's atmosphere and oceans. In a few more billion years, they think the Sun will get bigger and become a red giant star. The Sun would be up to 250 times its current size, as big as and swallow up the Earth.

Earth's fate is still unknown. In the long term, the Earth's future depends on the Sun, and the Sun is going to be fairly stable for the next 5 billion years. Calculations suggest that the Earth might move to a wider orbit. This is because about 30% of the Sun's mass will blow away in the solar wind. However, in the very long term the Earth will probably be destroyed as the Sun increases in size. Stars like the Sun become red giants at a later stage. The Sun will expand beyond the orbits of Mercury, Venus, and probably Earth. In any event, the ocean and air would have vanished before the Sun gets to that stage.

After the Sun reaches a point where it can no longer get bigger, it will lose its layers and form a planetary nebula. Eventually, the Sun will shrink into a white dwarf. Then, over several hundred billion or even a trillion years, the Sun would fade into a black dwarf.

Google's 3D model of the sun.

Sign of the cross

The sign of the cross is a physical gesture made by Catholic and Orthodox Christians, and sometimes also Protestants. It is usually done at the start and end of prayers. 

In the Catholic tradition, the right hand goes from the forehead, to the chest, and then to the left and right shoulders (the order of shoulders does not matter). This is sometimes done while saying "Father, Son, Holy Spirit."
In the Orthodox tradition, the tips of the thumb and the middle and index fingers are put together, and the ring finger and little finger are put against the palm. The first three fingers are for faith in the Trinity, and the other two fingers are for the two natures of Jesus, divine and human.


Seljuk dynasty

The Seljuks (also Seldjuk, Seldjuq, Seljuq, sometimes also Seljuk Turks) were a Turkic Sunni Muslim dynasty. They ruled parts of Central Asia and the Middle East from the 11th to 14th centuries. Their empire was known as Great Seljuk Empire that stretched from Anatolia and the Levant to Afghanistan. The Seljuks also fought the European Christian Crusaders in the First Crusade. The Shia Muslims and other non-Sunnis (such as Zoroastrians) were heavily oppressed under Seljuk rule as the Seljuks were devout Sunnis and saw themselves as the protectors of the Abbasid Caliphate and Sunni Islam. Culturally, the Seljuks were a Persianate empire as they focused heavily on Persianate culture and Persian language. The Seljuk dynasty was founded by Tughril, a Turkmen chief.

The Seljuks were one of the cultural ancestors of the Western Turks, the present-day inhabitants of Azerbaijan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan. Originally, the House of Seljuq was a branch of the "Kinik" Oghuz Turks who in the 9th century lived in the steppes north of the Caspian and Aral Seas in modern-day Turkmenistan.


Kerman was a nation in southern Persia. It fell in 1187, probably conquered by Toğrül III of Great Seljuk.

Sultans/Emirs of Damascus:
Atabegs of Aleppo:


Jell-O

Jell-O is a brand name for a dessert. It is known for a number of gelatin desserts, such as fruit gels, puddings, and unbaked cream pies. including fruit gels, puddings and no-bake cream pies.

Jell-O is sold as all prepared (ready to eat) or in powder form, and it is has many different colors and flavors. The powder has powdered gelatin, sugar, and artificial sweeteners. It is melted into hot water, and then chilled and eaten. Sometimes other ingredients are added to make them taste better. Jell-O must be put in a refrigerator until it is served, and usually eaten with a spoon.

There are also pudding and pie under the Jell-O brand. To make pudding, they are cooked on the stove with milk, then eaten.

Though the word "Jell-O" is a name brand, it is commonly used in the United States as a generic name for all gelatin products.


Pteranodon

Pteranodon was a large pterosaur from the Upper Cretaceous period. About 1200 partial skeletons have been found, more than any other pterosaur. It lived in the area of the Western Interior Seaway.

Fossil "Pteranodon" have been found in Kansas, Alabama, Nebraska, Wyoming, and South Dakota.

With its wings open it was up to 7 meters across. "Pteranodon" might have lived much like an albatross, spending a lot of time over the ocean, looking for fish. It had no teeth in its long mouth, and it had a small pouch like a pelican at the back of its jaw. "Pteranodon" had a big crest at the back of its head. "Pteranodon longiceps" had a straight crest that went backwards, and "Pteranodon sternbergi" had a bigger, flatter crest that went upward.

"Pteranodon" lived mainly on offshore rookeries. Most "Pteranodon" fossils are found where, at the time, they were hundreds of kilometres from the coastline.

They certainly fed on fish. Fossilized fish bones have been found in the stomach area of one "Pteranodon". Other specimens have fragments of fish scales and vertebrae near the torso.

Females of both species were smaller than the males, and had small, rounded crests. The crests were probably used in display, though they may have had other functions as well.

Richard II of England

Richard II (6 January 1367–14 February 1400) was the son of Edward, the Black Prince, Prince of Wales, and Joan of Kent, "The Fair Maid of Kent". He was born in Bordeaux, and became his father's successor when his elder brother died in infancy. His father died before him, so he became king in 1377. His uncle John of Gaunt, the Duke of Lancaster became regent until Richard II could rule. He was deposed by Henry of Bolingbroke (Henry IV), John of Gaunt's son with Blanche of Lancaster, taken prisoner and later died in captivity.

Richard abdicated (resigned) in 1399. He was murdered later that year.

Drinker

Drinker was a small dinosaur from North America. It was a very small herbivore that grew up to 1 meter long. It was named after Edward Drinker Cope a paleontologist, a dinosaur scientist who found many dinosaur fossils such as "Triceratops", "Anatotitan" and "Tyrannosaurus rex".

Franz Ferdinand (band)

Franz Ferdinand is an indie rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. The group is named after Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria-Hungary. The band has released five albums, "Franz Ferdinand", "You Could Have It So Much Better With Franz Ferdinand", "Tonight: Franz Ferdinand", "Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action", and their most recent release, "Always Ascending".

The band members are Alex Kapranos, Robert Hardy, Julian Corrie, Dino Bardot and Audrey Tait.

Kress Stores

S. H. Kress & Co. was a group of "five and dime" department stores in the United States between 1896 to 1981. The business was started in Nanticoke, Pennsylvania, by Samuel H. Kress in 1896. Kress Stores were common in many cities and towns of the United States. In 1964, S. H. Kress & Co. was bought by Genesco, Inc. Genesco began closing down the stores in 1980.

The Kress chain was known for the architecture of the stores. A number of former Kress stores, now used for other things, are said to be landmarks. Some of the most well-known Kress locations included New York City's Fifth Avenue, Canal Street, New Orleans, and one at Hollywood's Hollywood Boulevard. The one at Hollywood Boulevard is now preserved at a theme park in Florida.


Henry V of England

Henry V (16 Henry V, or Henry of Monmouth (September 1386 – 31 August 1422), was the King of England from 1413 to 1422. He was born at Monmouth, Wales. It is not known whether he was born on 9 August 1386 or 16 September 1387. But what we know for sure is that Henry V is the second Lancastrian king of England. 

Henry V was the son of Henry Bolingbroke, later Henry IV, and Mary de Bohun, who died before Bolingbroke became king. 

Henry IV was very unpopular, because he was actually not the rightful man to the throne. But his son, Henry V became greatly favoured by his people. Before in the war between England and Wales, he and his father had fought the 'Prince of Wales', Glyndwen. After the death of Henry IV, Henry V pardoned him, and went to fight France, claiming that "he" should be the king of France. 

A few decades ago, England had started a century-long war, the 'Hundred Years War' with France. Henry IV had cut the conflict and switched to fighting at home, at the border of Wales. After resuming the war at France, he defeated the French at the famous Battle of Agincourt in 1415. Shakespeare wrote a play about that and made him important in other plays too. 

Henry V was important in British politics too. He had created a court system to solve crimes, cases and arguments in justice. Many people liked this democracy. He was also a brilliant military general, who won many battles and ingeniusly defeated armies that were far larger than his. Unfortunately, the next king, his infant heir Henry VI, lost all his gains after he died, and turned England to a chaotic nation. But that is another story. 

Athlete's foot

Athlete's foot is a condition where the foot is dry and cracked, which can be mildly painful. It was named athlete's foot because it was common in people who play sports or do exercise. The infection can be spread to other areas of the body, such as the armpits, knees and elbows.

Athlete's foot causes scaling, flaking, itching, blisters and cracked skin. It can be cured by using antibiotics.

Back

The word back has several meanings.

Reflection

Reflection is the change in direction of a wave at a boundary between two different media, so that the wave moves back into the medium it came from.
The most common examples include the reflection of light, sound and water waves.
Specular reflection is a mirror-like reflection of light from a surface, in which light from a single incoming direction is reflected into a single outgoing direction. In the diagram to the right, a light ray is coming from the point P, and meets at the mirror at point O. The ray reflects at the point O outwards in the same medium towards point Q. Reflection is measured relative to a line through point O that is at 90˚ to the mirror. The angles made by the light ray (shown in the diagram as formula_1 and formula_2) must be equal. Both angles have to be equal whenever reflection occurs. This is known as the "law of reflection".

People make many things to use reflections, including reflecting telescopes, radar, sonar, and lidar and putting light reflectors on things they want to see.

Caspian Sea

The Caspian Sea is the largest lake on Earth by both area and volume. It has a surface area of . Its volume is . The Caspian has for 40 to 44% of the total lake waters of the world.

The Caspian sea is an endorheic body of water. It is bordered by Russia, Azerbaijan, Iran, Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan. It has a maximum depth of about . It is called a sea because when the Romans first arrived there, they tasted the water and found it to be salty. It has a salinity of approximately 1.2%, about a third the salinity of sea water.


Complementary angles

Complementary angles are two angles that when their measurements are added together is equal to 90 degrees.

Civil rights

Civil rights are rights that all people in a country have. The civil rights of a country apply to all the citizens within its borders. These rights are given by the laws of the country. Civil rights are sometimes thought to be the same as natural rights.

In many countries civil rights include freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of religion, and freedom of assembly. Civil rights also include the right to own property and the right to get fair and equal treatment from the government, from other citizens, and from private groups. They may prevent against discrimination based on race, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and disability.

Civil rights are protected by law and custom. The constitutions of many democracies have a "Bill of Rights" that describes the people's liberties and rights. A well-known example is the United States Bill of Rights. 

A court of law decides if a person's civil rights have been violated. The courts also decide the limits of civil rights, so that people do not use their freedoms to take away the rights of other people.


Moscovium

Moscovium is a superheavy synthetic radioactive chemical element also known as eka-bismuth. It has the symbol Mc and the atomic number 115. Moscovium does not exist in nature. It is made from a fusion reaction between americium and calcium.

The element is named in honor of the Russian city of Moscow.

Moscovium is in or near the center of the theoretical island of stability. No stable isotopes of moscovium have yet been found. The most stable isotope with 184 neutrons is Mc. The isotope that has been made has only 175 neutrons (Mc).

There is no use of Moscovium at the moment because of its radioactivity and the fact that it decays pretty quickly.

On February 2, 2004 a report that moscovium and nihonium were made was written in a journal named Physical Review C. The report was written by a team of Russian scientists at Dubna University's Joint Institute for Nuclear Research and American scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.

These people reported that they bombarded americium with calcium to make four atoms of moscovium.

Scientists of Japan also report that they have made moscovium.

In May 2006 at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research this element was made by another method and what the final products from radioactive decay were was found by chemical analysis.

The name was changed to Moscovium. It used to be named ununpentium.

Not enough moscovium has been made to measure its physical or chemical properties. It is thought that it would be a hard metal. It may be slightly colored.

Moscovium is in the same group as bismuth but its chemical properties will be different. The chemistry of ununpentium will be very influenced by special relativity. It will make its properties different to the other elements in the periodic table that have a smaller atomic number. One important difference from bismuth is the presence of a stable oxidation state of +I (Mc). The (Mc) ion is thought to have chemical properties like Tl.

Moscovium is inside or near the island of stability. This is probably why it is found in popular culture. It is more likely to be talked about in UFO conspiracy theories. 

The most popular story about moscovium is from Bob Lazar. It is not pseudoscience because it is a refutable theory, however Lazar's claims are not backed by any direct experimental evidence at this time.


Tennessine

Tennessine (formerly Ununseptium meaning "one-one-seven-ium" in Latin) is a radioactive superheavy man-made chemical element. It has a symbol Ts and atomic number of 117. It is the second heaviest element of all, and is the second to last element. It is in group 17 in the periodic table, where the halogens are. Its properties are not yet fully known but it is probably a metalloid. The discovery of tennessine was announced in 2010 by scientists in Russia and the United States. They collaborated and it is the most recently discovered element as of 2019. It is named after the state of Tennessee and it has no uses except research. 

In 2004, the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research (JINR) team in Dubna, Moscow Oblast, Russia planned an experiment to create element 117. To do this, they needed to fuse the elements berkelium (element 97) and calcium (element 20). However, the American team at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, the only producer of berkelium in the world, had stopped making berkelium for a while. So, they created the element 118 first using californium (element 98) and calcium.

The Russian team wanted to use berkelium because the isotope of calcium used in the experiment, calcium-48, has 20 protons and 28 neutrons. This is the lightest stable or almost stable nucleus (the center of an atom) with much more neutrons than protons. Zinc-68 is the second-lightest nucleus of this kind, but it is heavier than calcium-48. Since tennessine has 117 protons, they need another atom with 97 protons to be combined with the calcium atom, and berkelium has 97 protons.

In the experiment, the berkelium is made into a target and the calcium is fired in the form of a beam to the berkelium target. The calcium beam is created in Russia by removing the small amount of calcium-48 from natural calcium using chemical means. The nuclei that is made after the experiment will be heavier and is nearer to the island of stability. This is the idea that some very heavy atoms can be quite stable. 

In 2008, the American team started again to create berkelium, and they told the Russian team about it. The program made 22 milligrams of berkelium, and this is enough for the experiment. Soon after, the berkelium was cooled in 90 days and was made more pure by chemical means in 90 more days. The berkelium target had to be taken to Russia quickly because the half-life of the isotope of berkelium used, berkelium-249, is only 330 days. In other words, after 330 days, half of all the berkelium will no longer be berkelium. Actually, if the experiment did not start six months after the target was made, it would have been cancelled because they did not have enough berkelium for the experiment. In summer 2009, the target was packed into five lead containers and was sent by a commercial flight from New York to Moscow.

Both teams had to face the bureaucratic obstacle between America and Russia before they send the berkelium target to allow it to arrive in Russia on time. However, there were still problems: Russian customs did not let the berkelium target get into the country twice due to missing or incomplete paperwork. Even though the target went over the Atlantic Ocean five times, the whole journey only took a few days. When the target finally got into Moscow, it was sent to Dimitrovgrad, Ulyanovsk Oblask. Here, the target was placed on a thin titanium film (layer). This film was then sent to Dubna where it was placed inside the JINR particle accelerator. This particle accelerator is the most powerful particle accelerator in the world for the creation of superheavy elements.

The experiment began in June 2009. In January 2010, the scientists at the Flerov Laboratory of Nuclear Reactions announced within the laboratory that they had found the decay of a new element with atomic number 117 through two decay chains. The odd-odd isotope does 6 alpha decays before doing a spontaneous (sudden) fission. The odd-even isotope does 3 alpha decays before fission. On 9 April 2010, an official report was released in the "Physical Review Letters" journal. It showed that the isotopes that were mentioned in the decay chains were Ts and Ts. The isotopes were made as follows:

The chemistry of Tennessine is currently unknown. However, chemists can predict what the element would be like using chemistry from the other halogens. Tennessine is most likely supposed to be a member of group 17 in the periodic table, below the five halogens: fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, and astatine. Each of them has seven valence electrons. For tennessine, being in the seventh period (row) of the periodic table, going down the halogen group would predict a valence electron configuration of 7s7p, and it would therefore be expected to behave kind of like to the halogens in many ways.

There are no uses for Tennessine because of how short lived it is and its radioactivity.


The World Factbook

The World Factbook, also known as the CIA World Factbook, is a book that contains the Central Intelligence Agency's information about the world's countries. A new book is published every year. The "Factbook" provides a two- to three-page summary of the demographics, geography, communications, government, economy, and military of 272 countries, dependencies, and other areas in the world.

"The World Factbook" is designed to be used by people that work for the United States government, but it is also used by students, on websites, and in other publications that are not made by governments. Because the U.S. Government made it, it is in the public domain.


Taco

Tacos are Mexican sandwich-like dishes. It is made from a corn tortilla wrapped around some sort of filling. Traditionally, the tortilla is soft, but some variations from different countries have hard shells, as well as flour tortillas. 

Traditionally, tacos are filled with a variety of filling such as beef, chicken, fish, pork, cheese, lettuce, onions, guacamole, and salsa. Sauces can also be added to tacos ranging from salsa to hot sauces like Tapatío. People use many different combinations of foods to build the taco, so it is very versatile.

Tacos are world popular, but especially in Mexico, China and the United States. In the United States, tacos have been industrialized by fast food businesses such as Taco Bell, Del Taco, and Chipotle.

The taco predates the arrival of the Spanish in Mexico. Bernal Díaz del Castillo documented the first taco feast enjoyed by Europeans, a meal which Hernán Cortés arranged for his captains in Coyoacán.

Gerard Way

Gerard Arthur Way (born April 9, 1977) is an American musician and comic book writer. Way is the lead singer and co-founder of the punk rock band My Chemical Romance. Their brother Mikey was the bass player for the band. 
Way played for the band from their start in September 2001 until they broke up on March 22, 2013, until the reunion on October 31, 2019, thus rejoining Gerard to the band. 

Way is known for commonly changing their hair color from black to blonde and even a striking red. They married Lyn Z of Mindless Self Indulgence on September 3, 2007. Gerard and Lyn Z announced that they were having a baby in November 2008. Their daughter, Bandit Lee Way, was born on May 27, 2009. She arrived at 2:57 PM and weighed 6 pounds and 5.6 ounces. Gerard has said that both Bandit and Lyn Z are "happy and healthy". Way is also the writer of the comic book series "The Umbrella Academy".

He was born on April 9, 1977 in Summit, New Jersey. Way attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City and graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1999. 


Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer

Emerson, Lake & Palmer were an English progressive rock group. In the 1970s, the band was extremely popular, selling over 30 million albums and headlining huge concerts.



Newark, New Jersey

Newark is the largest city in U.S. State of New Jersey, 65th largest city in the United States, and serves as the seat of Essex County. It is located 8 miles west of Manhattan.

Newark was originally formed as a township on October 31, 1693. During its time as a township, portions were taken to form Springfield Township, New Jersey, Caldwell Township, New Jersey, Orange Township, New Jersey, Bloomfield Township, New Jersey, (March 23, 1812) and Clinton Township, New Jersey. Newark was reincorporated as a city on April 11, 1836. The previously independent Vailsburg borough was annexed by Newark on January 1, 1905 and became part of West Ward. 

Newark is divided into five wards; North Ward, South Ward, West Ward, East Ward, and Central Ward. Central Ward has train stations of Amtrak and New Jersey Transit. It also has museums and tall buildings including headquarters of large corporations. The High Street Historic District is in Central Ward.

East Ward includes a neighborhood called "Ironbound". South Ward has the large Newark Liberty International Airport, one of the first major airports in the United States. Branch Brook Park in North Ward has the biggest display of cherry blossoms in the eastern United States.

Aeolic Greek

Aeolic Greek was a dialect of the Greek language that was spoken on the island of Lesbos and nearby parts of Asia Minor.

Myst

Myst is a computer game designed by the brothers Robyn and Rand Miller in a company called Cyan. The Millers started working on Myst in 1991 and released it for the Macintosh computer on September 24, 1993. "Myst" was later released on many different computers and video game consoles.

In "Myst", the player starts by using a special book to travel to Myst Island. There, the player uses other special books to travel to different worlds called "Ages". Solving puzzles on different Ages helps the player learn more about Myst Island and the people who live there. The player can make choices that change the ending of the game.

When "Myst" was released, it became very popular. Critics loved "Myst" because it felt like a real world. "Myst" was the best-selling computer game until The Sims was released in 2002. "Myst" helped the CD-ROM get more popular when the CD-ROM was new. Because "Myst" was so popular, four sequels were made, and three "Myst" novels were written.

Father Christmas

Father Christmas is the British name for Santa Claus. The name was used in songs, such as "I Believe in Father Christmas" by Emerson, Lake & Palmer.

Wham!

Wham! was an English pop band. It was created in 1981 by George Michael and Andrew Ridgeley. They released their first single in 1982. For a short time, they were known in the United States as Wham! UK because another band already had that name. They are best known for the songs "Last Christmas" and "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go".

George Michael

Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou (25 June 1963 – 25 December 2016), known professionally as George Michael, was an English singer-songwriter, and record producer. He is regarded as one of the greatest cultural icons of his generation.

George Michael rose to fame in the 1980s, when he formed the pop duo Wham! with his school friend Andrew Ridgeley. The duo released a string of massive singles in 1982 like "Young Guns (Go for It)" and "Wham Rap! (Enjoy What You Do)", both written by Michael. In 1983, Wham!'s debut album, "Fantastic" was released. It reached #1 in the UK charts and had the hit single "Club Tropicana" with a music video, shot in Ibiza. After a year, Wham changed its image with the release of their second album "Make It Big", which was a critical and commercial success, hitting #1 in both the UK and the USA. It produced four singles, all topping the charts on both sides of the Atlantic. One of the most popular songs in the album, "Careless Whisper", Michael's first solo single, was released in 1984 while he was still performing with Wham!. In 1986, Wham! disbanded after release of a third studio album, single and concert at Wembley Stadium.

Following his split with Wham!, George Michael began a successful solo career, releasing four studio albums, "Faith" (1987), "Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1" (1990), "Older" (1996), and "Patience" (2004). Michael has sold over 100 million records worldwide as of 2010, encompassing 11 British #1 singles, 9 British #1 albums, 10 US #1 singles, and 2 US #1 album. His 1987 debut solo album, "Faith" has sold over 20 million copies worldwide alone and its considered by some music critics to be one of the greatest albums in pop music history. In 2004, Radio Academy has named Michael the most played artist on British radio between the period of 1984-2004.

In 2006, George Michael announced his first tour in 15 years. 25 Live tour was a massive, worldwide undertaking by Michael that spanned forth individual tours over the course of five years (2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010).

In November 1984, Michael joined other popular British and Irish pop stars to form Band Aid, singing on the charity song "Do They Know It's Christmas?" for relief of famine in Ethiopia. This single became the UK Christmas number one on the UK Singles Chart in December 1984. Michael's own song, "Last Christmas" by Wham!, was held at number two. "Do They Know It's Christmas?" sold 3.75 million copies in the UK. It became the biggest selling single in UK Chart history. It held this position until 1997 when it was overtaken by Elton John's "Candle in the Wind 1997", released in tribute to Princess Diana following her death Michael also attended Diana's funeral with Elton John. Michael donated the royalties from "Last Christmas" to Band Aid and subsequently sang with Elton John at Live Aid (the Band Aid charity concert) in 1985.

Michael was born in London to an English mother and Cypriot father. Michael was raised there and in Hertfordshire. He was initially private about being homosexual. During his "Wham!" career, he was in relationships with well-known women such as actress Brooke Shields, and model Pat Fernandes. Between 1986 and 1988, he was romantically involved with Kathy Yueng, an American makeup artist who was featured in the "I Want Your Sex" music video. Nonetheless, his sexual orientation was well known among London music business people.

These persisted into his solo career, but Michael had already established a relationship with Anselmo Feleppa, whom he had met at the 1991 concert "Rock in Rio". Feleppa died of an AIDS-related brain hemorrhage in 1993. Michael's single "Jesus to a Child" is a tribute to Feleppa: he consistently dedicated it to him before performing it live, as is his 1996 album "Older". Since 1996, Michael has been in a long-term relationship with businessman Kenny Goss. They have homes in London and Dallas.

On 25 December 2016 before 17:24 GMT, Michael died at his property in Goring, Oxfordshire, England from heart failure and a fatty liver, aged 54. Before 22:59 GMT his publicist stated that he had "passed away peacefully" and Thames Valley Police said they were treating the death as unexplained and there were no suspicious circumstances. South Central Ambulance Service had attended his property at 13:42 GMT on Christmas Day.

Chink

Chink is a pejorative term for Chinese people.

Chink may also refer to:





Handle

Handle could mean:


Spermicide

Spermicide is a substance that kills sperm before it can enter the vagina. When a spermicide is used as the only form of contraception, the pregnancy rate is much higher than it is when other contraceptives are used. Spermicides are normally used with barrier contraception, such as condoms, cervical caps, diaphragms, and contraceptive sponges.

Big Brother (franchise)

Big Brother is a TV reality show with many different versions across the world. It is a group of contestants (called housemates) who live in a house together and are isolated from the rest of the world. The winner gets money as a prize. 

Contestants, known as housemates, enter a house and they do not bring any of their belongings except clothes. They are completely cut-off from the outside world and are watched by cameras every day. Housemates must complete tasks so that they can get food or other prizes. As the series goes on, the housemates get voted out by the viewers until only one remains. There is also a celebrity version of Big Brother.

The series was developed by Endemol, and the first season was shown in the Netherlands. The show's format has since been copied in over forty countries, including Brazil, Israel, Bulgaria, Germany, Italy, Spain, India, United Kingdom and US.

In some countries, there are also special editions of the show, for example "Big Brother VIP" or "". 
Usually, some of the rules in these special editions are a little bit different from the original ones.

"Big Brother VIP" is the name of the special edition of the show, in which all the housemates are famous people. It has been released in many of the countries airing "Big Brother", for example Bulgaria - "VIP Brother"; Mexico - "Big Brother VIP"; UK - "Celebrity Big Brother". 
The duration of the show is often only a month and in some countries the nominations and evictions are twice a week. 
Sometimes the big prize is given for charity or there is no big prize at all.

As of , "Big Brother" has produced 508 winners in over 63 franchises.
<section begin="Big Brother series" />

<section end="Big Brother series" />

Euphonium

The euphonium is a brass instrument. It is very similar to the baritone horn, but it is different because the tubes are wider and it is bigger. It is also very similar to a tuba, but the euphonium is much smaller. The euphonium makes low sounds, similar to the trombone. The euphonium has 3 or 4 valves and 1-3 spit valves. "Spit" valves do not really mean there is spit in the instrument, it means that there is condensation in the instrument.

The euphonium is seen in different sorts of bands in Europe and America. The musicians make the sound by blowing into the instrument and "buzzing" with their lips.

The word euphonium means: "producing nice sounds" 

Euphoniums are basically silver and brass in colour. 

There are many types of euphoniums, 

Marching euphoniums are used by marching bands. These can feel very heavy because the person playing it holds it up with only their arms. These marching euphoniums look like a big trumpet. 

Newark

Newark can refer to:



Blogger

A blogger is a person who keeps a blog as a major activity in their life. This is a diary or journal on the web (also known as 'weblog'). Blogs are usually free to read, but nevertheless some have made fame and fortune for their writing. Tavi Gevinson's blog is an example. Many politicians and journalists are bloggers, perhaps realising that this is one good way to contact the younger voters. Michelle Malkin's blog is an example of this kind of use.

Twitter and Facebook are networking sites which offer some of the functions of a blog. What a blogger can do on sites like that is limited by the proprietary software. The really professional bloggers have their own sites, and also hold pages on social networking sites. 

Prophylaxis

Prophylaxis is a Greek word and concept. It means any "action taken to guard or prevent beforehand". The corresponding adjective is prophylactic.

The concept of prophylaxis has two parts. First is forethought. A person has to realise the need first of all. Second is taking appropriate action.

Any failure of prophylaxis is a failure at either stage 1 or stage 2. Successful prophylaxis means one has anticipated and avoided some undesirable outcome.

Prophylaxis is the central idea in preventative medicine. People usually think medical treatment helps sick people to get healthy. Prophylactic treatment is helpful in a different way. "Primary prophylaxis" tries to stop healthy people from getting sick. "Secondary prophylaxis" tries to stop people who are sick from getting worse.

Prophylaxis is also be used as a synonym for birth control. Condoms are prophylactic, because when used properly they can prevent pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases.


Abu Bakr

Abū Bakr ( ; 573 AD-22 August 634), was a senior companion and—through his daughter Aisha—the father-in-law of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Abu Bakr became the first openly declared Muslim outside Muhammad's family. Abu Bakr served as a trusted advisor to Muhammad. During Muhammad's lifetime, he was involved in several campaigns and treaties.

He ruled over the Rashidun Caliphate from 632 to 634 AD when he became the first Muslim Caliph following Muhammad's death. As caliph, Abu Bakr succeeded to the political and administrative functions previously exercised by Muhammad. He was commonly known as The Truthful Caliph (, ""). Abu Bakr's reign lasted for 2 years, 3 months and 11 days ending with his death after an illness. He ruled over the Rashidun Caliphate from 632 to 634 AD when he became the first Muslim Caliph following Muhammad's death.

Abu Bakr's full name is disputed with sources stating Abd Allah, Atiq or Abd al-Ka'ba. His father was Abu Quhafa Uthman ibn Aamir ibn Amr ibn Ka'ab ibn Sa'ad ibn Taym (from whom the at-Taymi al-Quraishi) ibn Murrah ibn Ka'ab ibn Lu'ai ibn Ghalib ibn Fihr al-Quraishi.

In Arabic, the name "Abd Allah" means "slave of Allah". The name "Atiq" means "the saved one". The name Abd al-Ka'ba means "slave of Ka'ba". He was known by title "al-Siddiq" (the truthful) by Muhammad after he believed him in the event of Isra and Mi'raj when other people didn't, and Ali confirmed that title.

There is a dispute over his name being Abdullah. Ibn Hajar in "Al-Isaabah", and many other narrations, narrates from Qasim Ibn Muhammad Ibn Abi Bakr, "I asked Ayesha the name of Abu Bakr. She said Abdullah. I said people are saying Ateeq. She said Abu Quhafa had three children, one was Ateeq, second Mu’taq and third, Otaiq. All three names are similar and derived from the same root."

He was mentioned in the Quran as the "second of the two who lay in the cave" in reference to the event of hijra, where with Muhammad he hid in the cave in Jabal Thawr from the Meccan search party that was sent after them, thus being one of few who were given direct mention in the Quran.

Imam Jafar al Sadiq famously narrated how the title "Siddiq" was given to Abu Bakr from Muhammad. Jafar was a direct descendant of Abu Bakr from his maternal side, as well as being a descendant of Ali from his father's side. Jafar al-Sadiq was also the successor of the Naqshbandi Sufi order believed to be originating from Abu Bakr himself. Imam Muhammad al Baqir, the father of Imam Jafar Sadiq, also called Abu Bakr with the title Siddiq.

Much of the available knowledge about Muhammad comes through Abu Bakr's daughter, Aisha. After the death of Abu Bakr, her brother Muhammad ibn Abi Bakr was raised by Ali. After Muhammad ibn Abi Bakr was killed by the Umayyads, Aisha raised and taught her nephew Qasim ibn Muhammad ibn Abi Bakr. Aisha also taught another nephew Urwah ibn Zubayr. He then taught his son Hisham ibn Urwah, who was the main teacher of Malik ibn Anas] whose views many Sunni follow.

Qasim's mother was of ‘Ali's family and his daughter Farwah bint al-Qasim, who married Muhammad al-Baqir, was the mother of Jafar al-Sadiq. Therefore al-Qasim was the grandson of the first caliph Abu Bakr and the grandfather of Ja'far al-Sadiq.

Another of Abu Bakr's grandsons, Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr, was very close to Husayn bin Ali. After Hussein ibn Ali was betrayed by the people of Kufa and killed by the Yazid I Army of the, Umayyads ruler, Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr confronted Yazid and expelled him from Iraq, southern Arabia and the greater part of Syria, and parts of Egypt. Following a lengthy campaign, on his last hour Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr asked his mother Asma' bint Abu Bakr, the daughter of the first caliph, for advice. Asma' bint Abu Bakr replied to her son:
"You know better in your own self, that if you are upon the truth and you are calling towards the truth go forth, for people more honourable than you have been killed and if you are not upon the truth, then what an evil son you are and you have destroyed yourself and those who are with you. If you say, that if you are upon the truth and you will be killed at the hands of others, then you will not truly be free". Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr left and was later also killed and the army now under the control of the Umayyads.

Lemon

The lemon is a small tree ("Citrus limon") that is green even in the winter. It came from Asia. 'Lemon' is also the name of the tree's oval-shaped yellow fruit. The fruit is used for cooking and other things in the world – usually for its juice. Lemons contain numerous phytochemicals, including polyphenols, terpenes, and tannins.

People do not know for sure where lemons have come from. However, most people think that lemons first grew in India, northern Burma, and China. The lemon is the common name for "Citrus limon." A lemon is a yellow citrus fruit. It is related to the orange. Lemon juice is about 5% citric acid, and has a pH of 2 to 3. Lemon plants vary in size yet stay generally small. The tallest height they can get is about 6 meters tall.

Lemons taste sour. The juice, zest, and pulp are often used in cooking, often on fish and other meat for better taste. Lemon is also used to flavor drinks, such as lemonade or soft drinks.


Elevator

An elevator or lift is a vertical transport vehicle that efficiently moves people or goods between floors of a building, ship or other structure. They are generally powered by electric motors that either drive traction cables and counterweight systems, or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston.
Languages other than English may have loanwords based on either elevator (e.g., Japanese) or lift (e.g., Cantonese).
Because of wheelchair access laws, elevators are often a legal requirement in new multi-story buildings, especially where wheelchair ramps would be impractical.

Some argue that lifts began as simple rope or chain hoists. A lift is essentially a platform that is either pulled or pushed up by a mechanical means. A modern-day lift consists of a cab (also called a "cage" or "car") mounted on a platform within an enclosed space called a shaft or sometimes a "hoistway". In the past, lift drive mechanisms were powered by steam and water hydraulic pistons. In a "traction" lift, cars are pulled up by means of rolling steel ropes over a deeply grooved pulley, commonly called a sheave in the industry. The weight of the car is balanced with a counterweight. Sometimes two lifts always move synchronously in opposite directions, and they are each other's counterweight

The friction between the ropes and the pulley furnishes the traction which gives this type of lift its name.

Hydraulic lifts use the principles of hydraulics (in the sense of hydraulic power) to pressurize an above ground or in-ground piston to raise and lower the car. Roped hydraulics use a combination of both ropes and hydraulic power to raise and lower cars. Recent innovations include permanent earth magnet motors, machine room-less rail mounted gearless machines, and microprocessor controls.

The technology used in new installations depends on a variety of factors. Hydraulic lifts are cheaper, but installing cylinders greater than a certain length becomes impractical for very high lift hoistways. For buildings of much over seven stories, traction lifts must be employed instead. Hydraulic lifts are usually slower than traction lifts.

Lifts are a candidate for mass customization.
There are economies to be made from mass production of the components, but each building comes with its own requirements like different number of floors, dimensions of the well and usage patterns.

Elevator doors protect riders from being crushed in between the cab and the floor. The most common configuration is to have two panels that meet in the middle, and slide open laterally. In a cascading configuration (potentially allowing wider entryways within limited space), the doors run on independent tracks so that while open, they are tucked behind one another, and while closed, they form cascading layers on one side. This can configured so that two sets of such cascading doors operate like the center opening doors described above, allowing for a very wide elevator cab. In less expensive installations the elevator can also use one large "slab" door: a single panel door the width of the doorway that opens to the left or right laterally.

General

All elevators, whether traction or hydraulic, require a machine room to store large electric motors (or hydraulic pumps) and a controller cabinet. This room is located above or below the hoistway (or only below, for hydraulic elevators) and may contain machinery for a single or a group of elevators. Modern day traction motors boasting gearless and permanent magnet drive can be more compact and efficient; electronic microprocessors have replaced the mechanical relays. As a result, traction elevators can be built without a dedicated room above the shaft, saving valuable space in building planning.

The new lift design presents a departure from the traditional, looped over-the-top traction rope routing of traction elevators. The ends of the cables are fixed to the supporting structure, and the length of the cable are connected to the car and counterweight by means of a force-multiplying, energy saving compound pulley system. Machine room-less elevators have become a welcome alternative to the older hydraulic elevator for low to medium rise buildings.

Kone, a Finnish elevator company, first developed the machine room-less elevator in 1996.

Benefits from a Green Perspective
---this takes away the environmental concern that was created by the hydraulic cylinder being stored underground

Other Benefits

Facts
---national and local building codes did not address elevators without machine rooms

The first reference to an elevator is in the works of the Roman architect Vitruvius, who reported that Archimedes built his first elevator, probably in 236 B.C. In some literary sources of later historical periods, elevators were mentioned as cabs on a hemp rope and powered by hand or by animals. It is supposed that elevators of this type were installed in the Sinai monastery of Egypt. In the 17th century the prototypes of elevators were located in the palace buildings of England and France.

In 1852, Elisha Otis introduced the safety elevator, which prevented the fall of the cab if the cable broke. The design of the Otis safety elevator is somewhat similar to one type still used today. A governor device engages knurled roller(s), locking the elevator to its guides should the elevator move at an excessive speed. He demonstrated it at the New York exposition in the Crystal Palace in 1854.

In 1874, J.W. Meaker patented a method which permitted elevator doors to open and close safely.

The first electric elevator was constructed by the German engineer Werner von Siemens in 1880.

In 1882, when hydraulic power was a well established technology, a company later named the London Hydraulic Power Company was formed. It constructed a network of high pressure mains on both sides of the Thames which, ultimately, extended to 184 miles and powered some 8,000 machines, predominantly lifts (elevators) and cranes.

In 1929, Clarence Conrad Crispen, with Inclinator Company of America, created the first residential elevator. Crispen also invented the first inclined stairlift.

Pneumatic or "Vacuum" elevators operate without cables and can be installed more easily and quickly than their alternatives since their housing comprises prefabricated sections which are considerably narrower than conventional lift shafts. These sections are often transparent and afford the passenger a near 360° view.

Statistically speaking, elevators are extremely safe. Their safety record is unsurpassed by any other vehicle system. In 1998, it was estimated that approximately eight 100-millionths of one percent (1 in 12 million) of elevator rides resulted in an anomaly, and the vast majority of these were minor things such as the doors failing to open. For all practical purposes, there are no cases of elevators simply free-falling and killing the passengers inside; of the 20 to 30 elevator-related deaths each year, most of them are maintenance-related - for example, technicians leaning too far into the shaft or getting caught between moving parts, and most of the rest are attributed to easily avoidable accidents, such as people stepping blindly through doors that open into empty shafts or being strangled by scarves caught in the doors. In fact, prior to the September 11th terrorist attacks, the only known free-fall incident in a modern cable-borne elevator happened in 1945 when a B-25 bomber struck the Empire State Building in fog, severing the cables of an elevator cab, which fell from the 75th floor all the way to the bottom of the building, seriously injuring (though not killing) the sole occupant - the female elevator operator. While it is possible (though extraordinarily unlikely) for an elevator's cable to snap, all elevators in the modern era have been fitted with several safety devices which prevent the elevator from simply free-falling and crashing. An elevator cab is typically borne by six or eight hoist cables, each of which is capable on its own of supporting the full load of the elevator plus twenty-five per cent more weight. In addition, there is a device which detects whether the elevator is moving faster than its maximum designed speed; if this happens, the device causes bronze brake shoes to clamp down along the vertical rails in the shaft, stopping the elevator quickly, but not so abruptly as to cause injury. In addition, a hydraulic buffer is installed at the bottom of the shaft to cushion any impact somewhat.

Most recently, there was an incident in a modern cable-borne elevator that took place in a children's hospital in Seattle, Washington on October 9, 2007. The elevator involved was a ThyssenKrupp ISIS machine room-less elevator; The ISIS used Kevlar fiberglass ropes instead of conventional braided-steel ropes all other traction elevators use. One of the ISIS elevators broke free from its cables, slipping between the 6th and 4th floors; the Kevlar ropes were the cause of this incident. After the incident, ThyssenKrupp discontinued production of the ISIS and, the following year, replaced it with the Synergy machine room-less elevator, which uses conventional braided-steel ropes, making it much safer.

Past problems with early hydraulic elevators meant those built prior to a code change in 1972 were subject to possible catastrophic failure. The code had previously required only single-bottom hydraulic cylinders. In the event of a cylinder breach, an uncontrolled fall of the elevator might result. Because it is impossible to verify the system completely without a pressurized casing (as described below), it is necessary to remove the piston to inspect it. The cost of removing the piston is such that it makes no economic sense to re-install the old cylinder; therefore it is necessary to replace the cylinder and install a new piston. Another solution to protect against a cylinder blowout is to install a "life jacket." This is a device which, in the event of an excessive downward speed, clamps onto the cylinder and stops the car. This device is also known as a Rupture Valve in some parts of the world.

In addition to the safety concerns for older hydraulic elevators, there is risk of leaking hydraulic oil into the aquifer and causing potential environmental contamination. This has led to the introduction of PVC liners (casings) around hydraulic cylinders which can be monitored for integrity.

In the past decade, recent innovations in inverted hydraulic jacks have eliminated the costly process of drilling the ground to install a borehole jack. This also eliminates the threat of corrosion to the system and increases safety.

There are at least four means of moving an elevator:

Geared traction machines are driven by AC or DC electric motors. Geared machines use worm gears to control mechanical movement of elevator cars by "rolling" steel hoist ropes over a drive sheave which is attached to a gearbox driven by a high speed motor. These machines are generally the best option for basement or overhead traction use for speeds up to 500 ft/min (2.5 m/s).

Gearless traction machines are low speed (low RPM), high torque electric motors powered either by AC or DC. In this case, the drive sheave is directly attached to the end of the motor. Gearless traction elevators can reach speeds of up to 2,000 ft/min (10 m/s), or even higher. A brake is mounted between the motor and drive sheave (or gearbox) to hold the elevator stationary at a floor. This brake is usually an external drum type and is actuated by spring force and held open electrically; a power failure will cause the brake to engage and prevent the elevator from falling (see inherent safety and safety engineering).

In each case, cables are attached to a hitch plate on top of the cab or may be "underslung" below a cab, and then looped over the drive sheave to a counterweight attached to the opposite end of the cables which reduces the amount of power needed to move the cab. The counterweight is located in the hoist-way and rides a separate rail system; as the car goes up, the counterweight goes down, and vice versa. This action is powered by the traction machine which is directed by the controller, typically a relay logic or computerized device that directs starting, acceleration, deceleration and stopping of the elevator cab. The weight of the counterweight is typically equal to the weight of the elevator cab plus 40-50% of the capacity of the elevator. The grooves in the drive sheave are specially designed to prevent the cables from slipping. "Traction" is provided to the ropes by the grip of the grooves in the sheave, thereby the name. As the ropes age and the traction grooves wear, some traction is lost and the ropes must be replaced and the sheave repaired or replaced.

Elevators with more than 100' (30 m) of travel have a system called compensation. This is a separate set of cables or a chain attached to the bottom of the counterweight and the bottom of the elevator cab. This makes it easier to control the elevator, as it compensates for the differing weight of cable between the hoist and the cab. If the elevator cab is at the top of the hoist-way, there is a short length of hoist cable above the car and a long length of compensating cable below the car and vice versa for the counterweight. If the compensation system uses cables, there will be an additional sheave in the pit below the elevator, to guide the cables. If the compensation system uses chains, the chain is guided by a bar mounted between the counterweight rails.


A climbing elevator is a self-ascending elevator with its own propulsion. The propulsion can be done by an electric or a combustion engine. Climbing elevators are used in guyed masts or towers, in order to make easy access to parts of these constructions, such as flight safety lamps for maintenance. An example would be the Moonlight Towers in Austin, Texas, where the elevator holds only one person and equipment for maintenance.

Many elevator installations now feature emergency power systems which allow elevator use in blackout situations and prevent people from becoming trapped in elevators.

When power is lost in a traction elevator system, all elevators will initially come to a halt. One by one, each car in the group will return to the lobby floor, open its doors and shut down. People in the remaining elevators may see an indicator light or hear a voice announcement informing them that the elevator will return to the lobby shortly. Once all cars have successfully returned, the system will then automatically select one or more cars to be used for normal operations and these cars will return to service. The car(s) selected to run under emergency power can be manually overridden by a key or strip switch in the lobby. In order to help prevent entrapment, when the system detects that it is running low on power, it will bring the running cars to the lobby or nearest floor, open the doors and shut down.

In hydraulic elevator systems, emergency power will lower the elevators to the lowest landing and open the doors to allow passengers to exit. The doors then close after an adjustable time period and the car remains unusable until reset, usually by cycling the elevator main power switch. Typically, due to the high current draw when starting the pump motor, hydraulic elevators are not run using standard emergency power systems. Buildings like hospitals and nursing homes usually size their emergency generators to accommodate this draw. However, the increasing use of current limiting motor starters, commonly known as "Soft-Start" contactors, avoid much of this problem and the current draw of the pump motor is less of a limiting concern.

Elevators may feature talking devices as an accessibility aid for the blind. In addition to floor arrival notifications, the computer announces the direction of travel, and notifies the passengers before the doors are to close.

In addition to the call buttons, elevators usually have floor indicators (often illuminated by LED) and direction lanterns. The former are almost universal in cab interiors with more than two stops and may be found outside the elevators as well on one or more of the floors. Floor indicators can consist of a dial with a rotating needle, but the most common types are those with successively illuminated floor indications or LCDs. Likewise, a change of floors or an arrival at a floor is indicated by a sound, depending on the elevator.

Direction lanterns are also found both inside and outside elevator cars, but they should always be visible from outside because their primary purpose is to help people decide whether or not to get on the elevator. If somebody waiting for the elevator wants to go up, but a car comes first that indicates that it is going down, then the person may decide not to get on the elevator. If the person waits, then one will still stop going up. Direction indicators are sometimes etched with arrows or shaped like arrows and/or use the convention that one that lights up red means "down" and green means "up". Since the color convention is often undermined or overrided by systems that do not invoke it, it is usually used only in conjunction with other differentiating factors. An example of a place whose elevators use only the color convention to differentiate between directions is the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago, where a single circle can be made to light up green for "up" and red for "down." Sometimes directions must be inferred by the position of the indicators relative to one another.

In addition to lanterns, most elevators have a chime to indicate if the elevator is going up or down either before or after the doors open, usually in conjunction with the lanterns lighting up. Universally, one chime is for up, two is for down, and none indicates an elevator that is 'free'.

Observatory service elevators often convey other facts of interest, including elevator speed, stopwatch, and current position (altitude), as with the case for Taipei 101's service elevators.

The mechanical and electrical design of elevators is dictated according to various standards (aka elevator codes), which may be international, national, state, regional or city based. Whereas once many standards were prescriptive, specifying exact criteria which must be complied with, there has recently been a shift towards more performance-based standards where the onus falls on the designer to ensure that the elevator meets or exceeds the standard..

Some of the national elevator standards include:

Because an elevator is part of a building, it must also comply with standards relating to earthquake resilience, fire standards, electrical wiring rules and so forth.

The American National Elevator Standards Group (ANESG) sets an elevator weight standard to be 2200 lbs.

Additional requirements relating to access by disabled persons, may be mandated by laws or regulations such as the Americans with Disabilities Act.

Billy Bragg

Stephen William Bragg (born 20 December 1957), known as Billy Bragg, is an English singer and guitarist. He was born in Barking, Essex. He is famous for his mix of folk, punk, and protest music.

Brixton riots

There have been three riots in Brixton, London:

Budweiser (Anheuser-Busch)

Budweiser is a popular American beer made by the Anheuser-Busch company. It is made with hops, barley, and rice. It is known as the "King of Beers". It is brewed in St. Louis and other cities around the United States. There are several different types of Budweiser beer, such as Bud Light.

The name is similar to a Czech beer of the same name, Budweiser Budvar. They are currently the official beer sponsor of Fantasy Premier League.


Shia Islam

Shia Islam (, ) is the second largest branch of Islam. Shia Muslim believe that Prophet Muhammad under the command of God chose Ali as Caliph (or Successor) and publicly declared it during his last sermon after Hajj at Ghadir Khumm. Shi'a Muslims believe in the teachings of the Qu'ran and the Prophet Muhammad's family, whom they call the Ahl al-Bayt. The Shias think that the first three ruling Sunni Caliphs had no importance to the development of the faith. The singular/adjective form is "Shī'ī " () and means a follower.

Shi'a Islam, like Sunni Islam, has at times been divided into many branches, however only three of these have a significant number of followers nowadays. The best known and the one with most adherents is Twelvers ("Ithnā 'ashariyya"), followed by the Ismaili and Zaidiyyah.


1981 Brixton riot

The Brixton riot of 11 April 1981 was the biggest of three riots in Brixton, London, and the biggest riot in London.

Brixton in south London was a very poor inner-city area with many problems — high unemployment, much crime, bad housing. Many black people, mostly of Caribbean origin, lived there. Many people there disliked the police. 

The riot was unplanned. On the evening of the 10th, at around 5.15pm, a black boy with a knife wound was stopped by police. As he was brought to a police car by two policemen along Railton Road a large crowd attacked the police and the fight only ended when more policemen arrived; the youth was taken to hospital.

Through the night of the 10th and on the 11th the police brought many officers into the area. Throughout the day crowds slowly got together. In early evening, as the police tried to make some arrests on Atlantic Road, the riots started: a few bricks were thrown and windows smashed. More police came and more things were thrown. The police retreated, leaving their cars to be burned. Other cars were burned and things were stolen from shops on Railton Road, Mayall Road, Leeson Road and Brixton Road before the police came back.

The police closed the Atlantic-Railton-Mayall area to the public, although many other streets had groups of rioting people as well. The rioters started throwing with bricks, bottles, and Molotov cocktails. Cars and buildings were burned and fire engines attacked as they tried to stop the flames.

The riot was at its peak at around 8pm, with two public houses, schools and other buildings burning. Two hours later the police had the area under some control, although the fire brigade returned at the next morning only. By 1am the area was largely under control, with no large crowds – except the police – on the streets. There were tries to start violence again on the 12th, but they were stopped by more than 1,000 police on the streets.

The riot was followed by almost 300 police injuries and 65 bad civilian injuries; over 100 cars were burned, including 56 police cars; almost 150 buildings were damaged, with thirty burned. There were 82 arrests.

Between 3 and 11 July of that year, there were more riots in England. There were riots in Handsworth, Southall, Toxteth, and Moss Side. There were also smaller pockets of unrest in Leeds, Leicester, Southampton, Halifax, Bedford, Gloucester, Coventry, Bristol, and Edinburgh.

The riots inspired the Eddy Grant song, "Electric Avenue." 
The Clash also made a song about Brixton, "The Guns of Brixton." This song came out before the riots of 1981 (The album was sold first in 1979), but it describes the general atmosphere in the area.

Caudipteryx

Caudipteryx was a small feathered dinosaur. It was related to "Oviraptor" but looked more like "Archaeopteryx". It was a relative of "Protarchaeopteryx". It was found in China. It was a small insectivore, with long thin legs, less than a metre long. It had a fan of tail feathers and a fringe of feathers along the trailing edge of each arm. They are very like bird feathers, with a central stalk, and vanes on either side. Its arms were too short for it to fly.

Protarchaeopteryx

Protarchaeopteryx was a small feathered dinosaur from China. It was a bird-like predator with teeth. It looked like "Archaeopteryx". It is one of the Chinese feathered dinosaurs.

Pentaceratops

Pentaceratops was a very large ceratopsian dinosaur. It was almost 11 meters in length and 4 meters tall. It was larger than Triceratops.

Greenwich Mean Time

Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) is an internationally standardized time format. It is the main time zone in several countries, including the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and Portugal. GMT has the same time as UTC, but there are differences between the two. Technically, GMT is a time zone, while UTC is a time standard.

GMT was established in 1884 at the International Meridian Conference, which met to establish a standardized system for measuring world longitude. They decided that the meridian passing through the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, England would be 0° longitude.This conference also decided that the time zone around the meridian, GMT, would be the time zone used for reference around the world. Other countries would define their time based on GMT.

UTC was defined in 1963 as the new world reference for time. The major advantage of the new standard was that its time was determined by highly accurate atomic clocks, not the sun at Greenwich. Other advantages of UTC are that calling the new standard Coordinated Universal Time avoids giving more importance to any one country, and that UTC does not adjust for Daylight Saving Time, which means the world always has a standard time.

Reciprocal

In mathematics, the reciprocal (or multiplicative inverse) of a number is 1 divided by the number, or equivalently, the number raised to the power of -1 (as in formula_1 and formula_2). All numbers have a reciprocal except zero, since no number times 0 is 1. Two numbers are reciprocal of each other if and only if their product is 1. For example:


To find the reciprocal of a fraction, swap the numerator and the denominator. Whole numbers can be thought as having a denominator of 1. For example: 


Dividing a fraction is the same as multiplying its reciprocal and vice versa.


2006 in spaceflight

This is a list of spacecraft which were launched into space during the year 2006.


British Museum

The British Museum in London is one of the world's largest and most important museums of human history and culture. It has more than seven million objects from all continents. They illustrate and document the story of human culture from its beginning to the present. As with all other national museums and art galleries in Britain, the Museum charges no admission fee. 

The British Museum set up in 1753 and opened in 1759. It was the first museum in the world to be open to everyone. The museum gradually grew over the next two hundred years. It has nearly six million visitors a year and is the third most popular art museum in the world. 

Some of the museum's most popular and important exhibits include the Rosetta Stone and the Elgin Marbles.

The history of the British Museum began with the Irish born British physicist Hans Sloane, who died aged 93 in 1753. During his life, he had collected many important things from all around the world. When he died, he did not want his collection to be split up between his relatives. He sold his collection to the parliament of King George II. The parliament set up the British Museum to hold the collection. By the time he died, Sloane had collected over 80,000 objects from all over the world including Egypt, Greece, Rome and the Americas. The collection was mostly books and manuscripts. There were many important archaeological pieces included as well.
The government looked at many possible places to build the new museum, including Buckingham House, which later became Buckingham Palace. Eventually a building called Montagu House was chosen. The Museum opened on 15 January 1759, although all visitors had to be shown around by stewards. Over the years the museum began to concentrate more and more on historical objects and sculptures. For this reason they were given the Rosetta Stone by King George III in 1802. The Rosetta Stone had previously been important to French historians trying understand the Hieroglyph language written by the Ancient Egyptians. In 1816 the Museum acquired the Elgin Marbles from Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin. Elgin had taken them from the Parthenon in Athens, Greece several years earlier. Many people disagreed with the way Elgin took them from Greece. They compared his acts to looting and vandalism. People still argue about this issue today.
In 1822 King George III donated the entire Royal Library to the museum. This contained over 65,000 books and pamphlets. In 1823 the original building was demolished and work began on new buildings to hold the ever growing collection. Some of the space was freed up when the National Gallery opened in 1824, as many of the Museum's paintings and drawings were moved there.

The Museums collection continued to get bigger over the following years, and more and more buildings were added to hold the new objects. Important discoveries by people working for the British Museum included the Mausoleum of Halicarnassus by Charles Newton in 1857 and the Temple of Artemis in 1869. Many things found at these sites were taken to the Museum, where they have remained ever since. In 1852 the British Museum's famous round Reading Room was opened. It had enough space to display a million books at once.
The collection continued to get bigger and bigger. Eventually the Natural History Museum was set up in 1887 to hold the natural parts of the Museum's collection. It was around this time that electric lights were first put in the Museum. It was one of the first public places in England to do so.
In the early 1900s the Museum's board of directors bought all the houses surrounding it, knocked them all down and built over them. In 1939, just before the start of World War II, most of the Museum's exhibits were taken to other places because the directors were worried the Nazis might bomb the Museum during the Blitz. The exhibits were stored in old London Underground stations, as well as other places. The evacuation proved to be a good idea, as parts of the Museum were destroyed by bombs in 1940.

Much of the 1950s was spent fixing the parts of the Museum destroyed by the bombing, and bringing back the pieces that had been taken away. During all this time the collection continued to get bigger, although space was slowly running out for all the books being brought in. The British Library was set up in 1973 to deal with this problem. In 1972 the Museum was loaned the Tutankhamun collection from the Museum of Cairo. They held a big exhibition called 'The Treasures of Tutankhamun' and it attracted over 1.5 million people to come and see it. 
In 1998 the central courtyard, which had been unused before, was turned into the Great Court with the Reading Room at its centre. The Great Court has over 2 acres of space under its roof. This makes it the largest covered public space in Europe. It was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in January 2000.
Since then the Museum has collected more things to do with history, rather than more modern pieces. They now have a large collection of Roman British, Ancient Greek and Ancient Egyptian artefacts, as well as objects from many other cultures and times around the world.

Because of its extremely large size the Museum's collection is split into many parts, called "departments". The departments have changed many times over the years. They are sometimes merged together, split into smaller departments or renamed and changed altogether.

The British Museums department of Ancient Egypt and Sudan is one of the biggest collections of Ancient Egyptian art in the world. Only the Egyptian Museum in Cairo has a bigger collection. They cover Egyptian and Sudanese history from around 10000 BC all the way to the 12th century AD, a period of around 12,000 years. 

Around 150 of the objects in the Egyptian department were part of the first collection which was given to the Museum by Hans Sloane in 1753. In 1801 the British defeated the French, led by Napoleon Bonaparte, at the battle of the Nile. After the battle, British forces took lots of Ancient Egyptian artifacts from the defeated French. They were given to the British Museum in 1803. These objects included the famous Rosetta Stone.

The department continued to get bigger, paying for archaeologists to go to Egypt and Sudan. They did this until 2001 when the Egyptian government made it much harder for Museums to take historical artefacts back to their own country. The collection now has over 110,000 exhibits.

The British Museum's department of Greece and Rome is one of the biggest collections of Ancient Greek and Roman objects in the world. The objects come from nearly 4000 years of European history, from 3200 BC all the way to the 4th century AD.

It contains parts of two of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World; the Mausoleum at Halikarnassos and the Temple of Artemis at Ephesos. It also had many pieces taken from the Parthenon in Athens, Greece. Like the rest of the Museum the department gets most of its collection from excavations or the acquiring of private collections. Some of the earliest objects in the collection were bought from the collection of Sir William Hamilton in 1772. In recent years the Museum's rules on how it can get objects have become much stricter. Other countries rules on allowing Museums to take objects away have also got stricter. This has meant the British Museum has gradually taken fewer items each year in recent times.

The British Museum Department of the Middle East has the largest collection of Mesopotamian art in the world, outside Iraq. It has some 300,000 objects, covering the Neolithic period until present. It has objects from all over the Middle East including Mesopotamia (Iraq), Anatolia (Turkey), Levant (Syria, Lebanon and Jordan) and some pieces from central Asia. The Assyrian and Sumerian collections are also some of the biggest in the world.

Key objects in the collection include:



Dexter (TV series)

Dexter is an American television series that was shown on Showtime network. It is based on the book "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" written by Jeff Lindsay. The show tells a story about a serial killer, Dexter Morgan, who works as a forensics analyst for the police in Miami. The main actor of the show is Michael C. Hall.


Python (programming language)

Python is a programming language. It was made to be open source and easy to read. A Dutch programmer named Guido van Rossum made Python in 1991. He named it after the television program Monty Python's Flying Circus. Many Python examples and tutorials include jokes from the show.

Python is an interpreted language. Interpreted languages do not need to be compiled to run. A program called an interpreter runs Python code on almost any kind of computer. This means that a programmer can change the code and quickly see the results. This also means Python is slower than a compiled language like C, because it is not turned into machine code ahead of time. Instead, this happens as the program is running.

Python's developers try to avoid changing the language to make it better until they have a lot of things to change. Also, they try not to make small repairs, called patches, to unimportant parts of CPython, the main version of Python, even if the patches would make it faster. When speed is important, a Python programmer can write some of the program in a different language, like C, or use PyPy, a different kind of Python that uses a just-in-time compiler.

Keeping Python fun to use is an important goal of Python’s developers. It reflects in the language's name, a tribute to the British comedy group Monty Python. Tutorials often take a playful approach, such as referring to spam and eggs instead of the standard foo and bar.

Python is usually used for making websites, automating common tasks, and making charts and graphs. Since it's simple to learn, people who are not computer experts, like bookkeepers and researchers, often learn Python.

Its standard library is made up of many functions that come with Python when it is installed. On the Internet there are many other libraries libraries have been examined to provide wonderful ends in varied areas like Machine Learning (ML), Deep Learning, etc. These libraries make it a powerful language; it can do many different things.

Some of Python's syntax comes from C, because that is the language that Python was written in. But Python uses whitespace to delimit code: spaces or tabs are used to organize code into groups. This is different from C. In C, there is a semicolon at the end of each line and curly braces ({}) are used to group code. Using whitespace to delimit code makes Python a very easy-to-read language.

Python's statements include:


Python's expressions include some that are similar to other programming languages and others that are not.


This is a small example of a Python program. It shows "Hello World!" on the screen.
print("Hello World!")


ready = True
if ready:
Python also does something called "dynamic variable assignment". This means that when a number or word is made in a program, the user does not have to say what type it is. This makes it easier to reuse variable names, making fast changes simpler. An example of this is shown below. This code will make both a number and a word, and show them both, using only one variable.
x = 1
print(x)
x = "Word"
print(x)
In a "statically typed" language like C, a programmer would have to say whether codice_3 was a number or a word before C would let the programmer set up codice_3, and after that, C would not allow its type to change from a number to a word.


Back to the Future

Back to the Future is a 1985 American science fiction adventure movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale. It stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd and Crispin Glover. It is the first movie for the "Back to the Future trilogy".

In 1985, Doc Emmett Brown shows teenage Marty his new creation: a car which can travel through time. The heart of the time machine is "the flux capacitor," invented by Dr. Brown. The time machine needs plutonium to provide the power for the flux capacitor. Marty uses the car to escape from Islamic terrorists and accidentally goes back to the year 1955. Marty seeks out and meets Dr. Brown in 1955. The time machine is out of plutonium, and there is no plutonium available for the time machine in 1955. By chance, Marty knows the time and place of a one-time natural event (lightning strike) that can provide the power to transport the time machine and Marty back to 1985.

The situation in 1955 is complicated when Marty meets his own parents as teenagers. When he helps his father, he accidentally changes the events that lead to his parents becoming a couple. Marty's teenage mother becomes interested in Marty instead of Marty's father, George. With the help of the Doc of 1955, Marty tries to undo the damage he has done, and make his mother fall in love with his father. If he can get his parents back together, he has very little time to get back to the car to use the lightning strike to take the time machine and him (Marty) back to the future (i.e. 1985).



Stargate

Stargate is a science fiction media franchise and may refer to:


Arthur Schopenhauer

Arthur Schopenhauer (February 22, 1788 in Danzig – September 21, 1860 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German philosopher.

He was influenced by Kant, Plato and eastern teachings, especially Buddhism and the Upanishads.
Schopenhauer believed that the primary characteristic, or essence of all things - including human beings - is not intelligence, rationality or spirit, but will. By "will" he means a wanting and craving like that which we know in ourselves as our "will." It is the source of immense amounts of suffering in the world. He also believed that a "better consciousness" could be attained by denying the fulfilment of our desires, taking time to think about who we really are and what we should do to avoid suffering - but also, in doing something few philosophers of his day spoke of: in making and looking at works of art, especially music, which he considered a way to escape from the world's pain and suffering.
Schopenhauer was a huge influence on Richard Wagner, Friedrich Nietzsche, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Thomas Mann, Sigmund Freud, Leo Tolstoy, Carl Jung, Emil Cioran and many other important artists and thinkers of the 20th century.



2005 Cronulla riots

The 2005 Cronulla riots were a series of violent events between Lebanese and white Australian mobs. Riots started in and around Cronulla, a suburb on the beach in Sydney, Australia's biggest city. The violence was soon also in other suburbs around Sydney. The riots happened on 11, 12 and 14 December. Many people committed crimes there.

Several people were sent to prison for being involved in the riot.

1992 Los Angeles riots

The 1992 Los Angeles riots, also called Rodney King uprising or Rodney King riots, started on April 29, 1992 when a jury set four white policemen free. The jury was mostly Caucasian. The policemen had beaten up African-American motorist Rodney King badly and filmed this, after he fled from police. Thousands of people in Los Angeles, mostly African American and Hispanic, rioted. In all, 63 people were killed in the riots.

Hypotenuse

The hypotenuse is the side opposite the 90 degrees angle in a right triangle. It is always the longest side.

For example:

In this triangle, if angle C is 90 degrees, then the opposite side, "c", is the hypotenuse. The hypotenuse is important in trigonometry, where it is used to calculate many functions.

The length of the hypotenuse can be calculated if the other two sides are known, using Pythagoras' Theorem. In fact, the length of any side of a right triangle can be calculated if the other two sides are known, using this theorem.

Niðavellir

In Norse Mythology, the Niðavellir are dark fields, mentioned in the Völuspa. The dwarves live there.

Python

Python is the name given to a genus of snakes. Such snakes are not venomous. its family is the "Pythonidae". Pythons are more closely related to boas than to any other snake family. 

Boulenger (1890) thought this group was a subfamily (Pythoninae) of the family Boidae (boas). However, boas produce live young, while pythons are oviparous: they lay eggs.

"Python" can be found in Southeast Asia and Africa, and other members of the family are found in New Guinea and Australia. Pythons can range from 3 feet long in species like ball pythons to 29 feet in species like reticulated pythons. "Python" is one of eight genera in the family. They all have a rather similar life style.

Most members of the family are ambush predators: they stay motionless in a camouflaged position, and then strike suddenly at passing prey. They wrap their body round the prey and squeeze. To kill its prey, the python squeezes it to death, then swallows it whole. Larger pythons can prey on animals as large as a full-grown deer. In Africa, there are pythons that eat gazelles. Most of their prey is much smaller than that. Pythons may take several days or even weeks to fully digest prey.
Despite their size, pythons are rarely dangerous to humans.

"Python" can be up to 900 cm long and weigh up to 90 kg, but males are much smaller and lighter than females. The python can live up to 30 years. The breeding time is between 60 or 70 days.

Research indicates that all snakes, including pythonids, are children from a venomous father.

Burmese pythons have become an invasive species in south Florida. The problem is most serious in the Everglades National Park.

In 2014 a pet python killed two children in New Brunswick, Canada.

Consultation (Bahá'í practice)

Consultation is a special way of discussing problems and making decisions used by Bahá'ís. 

The word consult generally means to talk about something, consider all the facts, and make a decision. To Bahá'ís, consultation also means:

Consultation is used by Bahá'í elected leaders when they gather in councils to make sure no one person gets to decide everything. Married people consult with their husband or wife to solve difficulties in the marriage. Parents and children may consult, teachers and students may consult, and Bahá'ís all consult as a community when they get together every nineteen days.

List of riots

This is a list of important riots that happened:












Serbian language

Serbian is a South Slavic language spoken by Serbs, primarily in Serbia, Kosovo, Montenegro and some parts of neighboring countries. It is also spoken by many Serbs in diaspora, mainly in Central European countries, North America and Australia. The language is European and south Slavic. This language got a complete makeover in the mid-1800s by Serbian linguist Vuk Karadžić; when it was modernized from the times of Middle Ages, when "Old Serbian" was still spoken. Total number of speakers worldwide today is estimated to be more than 12 million.

Namaste

Namaste or Namaskar is a neutral greeting used a lot in many East Asian countries. It is used when Hello and Hi are used in English, though it has a very different meaning.

Namaste is kind of like a praise to the person receiving the namaste.

The word's meaning is “I bow to the divine in you.” Namaste is a traditional Indian greeting of respect and thank you, with spiritual and symbolic meaning, This is more traditional to do it to your elders.

Vessel element

A vessel element (trachea) is one of the cell types found in xylem, the water conducting tissue of plants. 

Vessel elements are found in flowering plants (angiosperms) but not in most gymnosperms such as conifers. Vessel elements are the main feature distinguishing the "hardwood" of angiosperms from the "softwood" of conifers.

Xylem vessels are a long straight chain made of tough long dead cells known as vessel elements. The vessel have no cytoplasm. They are not living, but are made by living cells. The cells are arranged end to end and the cell walls have disappeared. This makes a tube. 

Vessels are made of a substance called lignin. They have a lignified cell wall and a central cavity. Vessel members are interconnected through perforations in their common walls. Lignin is a hard organic polymer. It makes the cell walls rigid and is very long-lasting. It is the lignin in xylem vessels which holds trees up.

Water flows up the xylem vessels. The evaporation of water from the stomata cells in the leaves pulls up the water in a transpiration stream. This is called capillary action, because it depends on the way water molecules stick to the walls of the xylem (adhesion). 

There is also some root pressure, because water enters the roots by osmosis. This is important so water gets upwards during the night when transpiration is low.

As the water goes up, it carries some minerals with it, so actually the xylem brings some basic nutrients to the plant. The phloem mostly distributes the more complex organic molecules.

Confluence

Confluence means the meeting of two or more waterways. 

It usually means the point where a smaller river joins a more major river. 
The German city name Koblenz indicates that the city lies at the point at the confluence of the Rhine and the Moselle.

Artificial neural network

A neural network (also called an ANN or an artificial neural network) is a sort of computer software, inspired by biological neurons. Biological brains are capable of solving difficult problems, but each neuron is only responsible for solving a very small part of the problem. A neural network is made up of cells that work together to produce a desired result, although each individual cell is only responsible for solving a small part of the problem. This is one method for creating artificially intelligent programs.

Neural networks are an example of machine learning, where a program can change as it learns to solve a problem. A neural network can be trained and improved with each example, but the larger the neural network, the more examples it needs to perform well—often needing millions or billions of examples in the case of deep learning.

A neural network models a network of neurons, like those in the human brain. Each neuron does simple mathematical operations: it gets data from other neurons, modifies it and sends it to other neurons. Neurons are placed in "layers": a neuron from a layer receives data from the neurons of other layers, modifies it and sends data to the neurons of other layers. A neural network is made up of one or more layers.

The first layer is called the "input layer", it receives data from the outside world (for example: an image or text). The last layer is called the "output layer". The data from the neurons in the output layer is read and used as the output of the network. The other layers are called the "hidden layers".

In a simple "feed-forward" network, the data handled by the neurons are numbers. Each neuron does a weighted sum of the value of the neurons of the previous layer (formula_1 in the equation below). It then adds to it a constant value (called the "bias"). Finally, it applies a mathematical function to this value, called the "activation function". The activation function is usually a function that returns a value between 0 and 1, like tanh. The result of the activation function (formula_2 in the equation below) is then sent to the neurons of the next layer.

formula_3

A loss function is defined for the network. The loss function tries to estimate how well the neural network is doing at its assigned task. Finally, an optimization technique is applied to minimize the output of the cost function by changing the weights and biases of the network. This process is called training. Training is done one small step at a time. After thousands of steps, the network is typically able to do its assigned task pretty well.

Consider a program that checks whether a person is alive. It checks two things - the pulse, and breath. If a person has either a pulse or is breathing, the program will output 'alive', otherwise, it will output 'dead'. In a program that does not learn over time, this would be written as:
function isAlive(pulse, breathing) {
A very simple neural network, made of just one neuron that solves the same problem will look like this:
The values of pulse, breathing, and alive will be either 0 or 1, representing false and true. Thus, if this neuron is given the values (0,1), (1,0) or (1,1), it should output 1, and if it is given (0,0), it should output 0. The neuron does this by applying a simple mathematical operation to the input - it adds whatever values it has been given together, and then adds its own hidden value, which is called a 'bias'. To start with, this hidden value is random, and we adjust it over time if the neuron is not giving us the desired output.

If we add values such as (1,1) together, we might end up with numbers greater than 1, but we want our output to be between 0 and 1! To solve this, we can apply a function which limits our actual output to 0 or 1, even if the result of the neuron's math was not within the range. In more complicated neural networks, we apply a function (such as sigmoid) to the neuron, so that its value will be between 0 or 1 (such as 0.66), and then we pass on this value to the next neuron all the way until we need our output.

There are three ways a neural network can learn: supervised learning, unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning. These methods all work by either minimizing or maximizing a cost function, but each one is better at certain tasks.

Recently, a research team from the University of Hertfordshire, UK used reinforcement learning to make an iCub humanoid robot learn to say simple words by babbling.

Werra

The Werra is a river in the central part of Germany. The Werra has its source near "Fehrenbach" in Thuringia. After 293 km, the Werra joins the Fulda River in Hann. Münden, making the Weser. The Werra valley ("Werratal") makes a natural border between the Rhön hills and the Thuringian Forest. 

Blackout

In medicine, the word blackout is a form of amnesia. The amnesia may be complete or partial. Such an amnesia can be provoked by: 

After the cause is gone full mental powers are usually restored, although there may be a blank in memory.

Muspelheim

Muspelheim (also called Muspel) is the realm of fire, in Norse mythology. The fire giants live there. Their king is Surtr.

According to the Ragnarok prophecies, the Sons of Muspel will break the Bifrost bridge, signaling that time is ending:

Jötnar

A Jotun or Jötun in Norse mythology, is a giant. Groups of them are called Jötnar. Many are very large and strong; some are not. Sometimes however, gods and Jötnar would marry. The Frost giant's stronghold is called Utgardr and it is in Jötunheimr, the name for their realm. This is one of the nine Norse realms. Jötunheim is separated from Midgard, or Earth, by high mountains, and large forests. Outside their home world, giants seem to prefer to live in caves. 

BBC Sports Personality of the Year

The BBC Sports Personality of the Year is an award that is given to a sportsperson in December every year. Only British or foreign sportspeople based in the United Kingdom are allowed to win the award. It started in 1954.


Labyrinth

The original Labyrinth was an elaborate structure designed and built by the legendary Daedalus for King Minos of Crete at Knossos. 

Its function was to hold the Minotaur, which was eventually killed by the hero Theseus. Daedalus had so cleverly made the Labyrinth that he could barely escape it after he built it.

Pliny's Natural History mentions four ancient labyrinths: the Cretan labyrinth, an Egyptian labyrinth, a Lemnian labyrinth, and an Italian labyrinth.

Amnesia

Amnesia is what doctors call a loss or disturbance of memory. It is a loss of memory, that is to say, a person cannot remember certain things. Amnesia can be caused when someone has brain damage, a disease or when something really stressful happens.

There are two "main types":

The fact that adults usually cannot remember events that occurred in early childhood is called "infantile amnesia". It is attributed to the development of the brain or that of the child. It is not seen as a form of amnesia comparable to the other types. 

There are three main categories in which amnesia can happen to a person.


Some other different types of amnesia include:

Amnesia can be permanent, or it can be temporary. Damage to the [brain], or the use of certain [drug]s can cause amnesia. Some of these drugs are [sedative]s. Another well known cause for amnesia can be drinking too much [alcohol]. Those kinds of causes are called "organic", because they can been directly seen. Other causes cannot directly be seen, they are called "functional". Rather they are [psychology|psychological] in their nature. People may want to shield off a traumatic event they witnessed, for example.

Another minor cause of amnesia is "heartbreak" in a relationship. It can lead to trauma, but it is not necessarily traumatic.

Sometimes certain types of amnesia fix themselves without being treated. There are also different types of therapy that work with the brain to help with amnesia. There is no medicine that can directly help with amnesia.

Icarus

Icarus was the son of Daedalus. Daedalus was imprisoned in his own invention, the labyrinth. He helped the hero Theseus kill King Minos’s beast, the Minotaur, and run away with King Minos’s daughter, Ariadne. 

Daedelus came up with a plan. He knew that Minos controlled all escape routes by land or sea, so he decided to go by air. He built wings for himself and Icarus. They found their way out of the labyrinth and flew out of the highest tower. 

Icarus foolishly ignored his father’s advice to fly on the same route as him so that the sun would not melt the wings and the sea would not dampen them. Icarus flew up higher and higher toward the sun, and the wax in the wings melted and he fell into the sea and drowned. Daedalus looked down towards the sea and saw the feathers floating on the water and figured out what happened. Eventually Daedalus found the body and buried it on the island of Icaria, and the sea which Icarus fell into is now called the Icarian Sea.

Sportscene

Sportscene is a Scottish television programme. It is about sports. It is made by BBC Scotland. Dougie Donnelly and Dougie Vipond are the main presenters of the program. Paul Mitchell is the usual commentator for football matches.

Trauma

Trauma is the name doctors have for a physical injury caused by something outside the body. Depending on what was injured there are different kinds of traumas.



Madeleine L'Engle

Madeline L'Engle (November 29, 1918 – September 6, 2007) was an American writer. Her book "A Wrinkle in Time" won the Newbery Medal. "A Wrinkle in Time" was made into a movie in 2003.

L'Engle was born in 1918 in New York City, New York. She died at her home in Connecticut on September 6, 2007.


Henry Hudson

Henry Hudson (1565 – disappeared 23 June 1611) was an English explorer and navigator in the 1600s. He was well known for discovering the Hudson River and the Hudson Bay.

Hudson was trying to find a northwest passage to Cathay (present day China). He tried twice before he found it. Hudson discovered the Hudson Bay and Hudson River in North America. He claimed the Hudson Bay for England along with other pieces of land. He was working for the Dutch when he found the Hudson River. He found it in 1609 when he was looking for a way to get from North America to Asia by water. This was named the Northwest Passage. On September 11, 1609, he found what is now New York City.

Clara Bow

Clara Gordon Bow (; July 29, 1905 – September 27, 1965) was an American actress. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She was one of the most famous movie actresses in the history of silent movies. Bow died September 27, 1965 of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California at the age of 60.

Bow acted in 57 movies between 1922 and 1933. She is considered the first American sex symbol after her work in the 1927 movie "It". That movie also created the term "The "It" Girl" meaning the most popular girl at the moment. Bow was the original "It" girl. She was the person every movie studio tried to get in their movies. She was the person who the audiences always want to see more of. She was the focus of media attention. She retired at age 28. In 1944 Bow tried to kill herself. She was diagnosed with schizophrenia. 

Bow was born in Prospect Heights.


Sales quote

A sales quote is an estimated amount that a person selling something gives to a customer. It is given to show them how much it would cost to have the work done. Many services do not have fixed prices for work. The cost can change depending on the tools, materials and how much work is needed to be done for each customer. The person calculates an estimated amount, and gives this to the customer, so that they can have an idea how much it will cost.

Sales quote is for example a quote given to the customer by auto insurance broker based on details like income, work position, criminal record and others.

The sales quote is figured from the information given by the potential customer, about the work they would like to have done.

MapleStory

MapleStory is an online computer game made by the Korean company Wizet, and maintained and distributed by Nexon. Playing the game is free, but people can buy clothes and other in-game items from the "Cash Shop" using money. MapleStory has way less than 10,000 concurrent players world-wide. The game has many different versions for people to play on based on location. MapleStory got its name from the maple leaf. Therefore, the game has the maple leaf item during events.

This game is a 2D side-scrolling Massive Multi-player Online Role Playing Game (short form is MMORPG) which required players to create characters and then play the game as the "Novice Job Advancement". The name depends on the class he or she picked. Then, one does quests or grinds at monsters until either LV. 120 or LV. 200 depending on the class one chooses.

One can get Job Advancements to get stronger in-game. Please note the number of the level required to job advance might change due to some recent patches:

1st Job requires LV. 10, 2nd Job requires LV. 30, 3rd Job requires LV. 70 (LV. 60 after the Tempest expansion) and 4th Job requires LV. 120. (LV. 100 after the Tempest expansion)

Every year, MapleStory receives a lot of updates, which some players found the game going into a better direction but some players felt that the game is just getting spoiled.

The Maple World is known to be big that one needs to use transportation to travel over places. Taking a ship required the in-game currency mesos and some waiting time. However, to prevent other characters to be a goner forever, the ship is free of charge.

Meso is the in-game currency for MapleStory used to buy potions, equipment or cool items in the Free Market (Note: The Free Market prices are not free, the items are usually as expensive as one billion.)

Mesos cannot be bought. They are hard to earn by questing or trading and are easy to spend on things in the Free Market.

There are other systems and features in the game.

The game has 2 different types of worlds, Reboot and non Reboot. In Reboot worlds, you cant trade, buy or sell anything with other players, but you must earn everything manually by yourself and work harder to make progress, but drops and money in game is tripled x5 or even higher. Reboot worlds also has enemies which have more health points (HP) than non Reboot worlds, there are many more differences. In normal non Reboot worlds, monsters are weaker. You can trade with other players and there are no restrictions on trading, buying, or selling items between players. A new Reboot world called Hyperion was also recently released in North America territory. 

There are many new classes which have been added to the game. The game currently has over 50 different classes to choose from to play in the game, which are all appearing on the game's official site. These classes include Beast Tamer, Xenon, Phantom, Luminous, Mechanic, Wild Hunter, Kaiser, Angelic Buster, Kain, Khali, and many more. 

MapleStory DS (Korean: 메이플스토리 DS) is a Nintendo DS game coming in April 2010, being worked on with Nexon and Nintendo. They said that the Korean put-up date was in 2009.

The game was talked about in E3 2006. On January 9 2007, Nexon and the newly made Nintendo of Korea put up a trailer for the game. They first said the game would be put up in September 2007. It was found out it will be an online game, that works with the Nintendo DS Wi-Fi System. In an interview with the boss of international business development, Stephen Lee said that the game will work in single player. He also said there were going to be microphone and touch-responsive features.


Kiwa hirsuta

Kiwa hirsuta is a crustacean that was first found living on the Pacific Ocean floor at 7200 feet deep, 900 miles south of Easter Island in March 2005. It is about 6 inches long, or 15 centimeters. It looks a little like a crab, but its long arms are covered with yellow fur that looks like silk, so its discoverers, from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Insititute, named it the Yeti Crab or Yeti Lobster. But it is so different from other crustaceans that it was given its own scientific family, Kiwaidae.


Parallel (geometry)

Parallel is a term in geometry and in everyday life that refers to a property of lines or planes. Parallel lines or planes are next to each other, but never touch each other. This means they never intersect at any point. If two lines formula_1 and formula_2 are parallel, then we describe this by writing formula_3. The slopes of parallel lines are always equal.

Even if these two line segments were extended to infinity, there would never be a point of intersection between the two of them. In fact, two parallel lines in the two-dimensional plane are always a fixed distance apart.


Mount Fuji

Mount Fuji (富士山, Fuji-san) is the tallest mountain in Japan, at 

Mount Fuji is officially classified as an active volcano, but some describe Fuji as dormant or inactive.

The last major event was the Hōei eruption of Mount Fuji which started on December 16, 1707 ("Hōei 4, 23rd day of the 11th month") and ended about January 1, 1708 ("Hōei 4, 9th day of the 12th month") during the Edo period. Cinders and ash from Fuji fell like rain in Izu Province, Kai Province, Sagami Province, and Musashi Province.

The mountain is thought to be named after Fuchi, the Buddhist fire goddess. The mountain is sacred in the Shinto religion and at the bottom of the mountain are shrines to the goddess Konohananosakuya-hime (コノハナノサクヤヒメ）).

Many people climb Mt. Fuji every year. The official climbing season is in the summer: July 25 to August 25. There are three mountain-climbing routes on the Shizuoka side of Mt. Fuji. There is a post office on the top of Mt. Fuji which is open only in summer. The post office was built in 1909 and is the highest post office in Japan.

In 2009, Mount Fuji was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best show contemporary Japan and its culture in the Heisei period. 


Nu metal

Nu metal is a style of metal music that uses elements of hip hop and heavy metal music, as well as the usual heavy metal instruments such as guitars, drums and bass. Nu metal bands often include electronic instruments such as DJ decks and keyboards. Nu metal was very successful in the late 1990s and early 2000s. The most successful bands of this genre include Linkin Park (with more than 100 million records sold around the world), Korn (with 35 million), Deftones, Limp Bizkit (with 35 million) and Slipknot (around 15 million records).


Ketsumeishi

Ketsumeishi is Japanese hip hop group. It is a four-man group. They are "Ryo" and "Ryoji" and "Daizo" and "DJKohno". The group started performing in 1993. They have four albums, three DVDs and 20 singles.

Subaru Impreza

The is a Japanese car. It is made by Subaru. The car was first made in 1992. The design of the car has been changed 3 times; the first version was the 1992 model, with it being redesigned in 2000, 2008, and 2015.

Taka and Toshi

Taka and Toshi are a comedy pair from Hokkaido, Japan. Their favourite gag is "Obei ka!!"

Alain Prost

Alain Prost is a French retired automobile racer and Formula One World Champion. He was born February 24, 1955 in Lorette, France. His nickname is "Professor".

Prost is the one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time. He won the championship four times: 1985, 1986, 1989 and 1993. Only Lewis Hamilton (7), Michael Schumacher (7) and Juan Manuel Fangio (5) have won more times than Prost.

He started driving with McLaren in 1980. From 1981 until 1983, he was racing for Renault F1. Prost returned to McLaren in 1984 and raced for them until 1989. During this time he won his first three championships. Prost left McLaren to race for Scuderia Ferrari in 1990 and 1991. In 1992, Prost took a year off from racing. He returned to racing in 1993 with WilliamsF1. Prost retired from racing after winning his fourth title in that year.

Prost raced in 202 Grand Prix races between 1980 and 1993. He held the record for most wins with 51 until 2001. He was in the pole position in 33 of those races and had the fastest lap time in 41 races.

In his career, Prost beat nearly all his team-mates on total points, including five World Champions. Only in 1980 he lost by a point and in 1984 by half a point.


B'z

B'z is a Japanese hard rock band. It is made up of Takahiro Matsumoto (guitar) and Koshi Inaba (singer). B'z started playing on September 21, 1988. The band has sold more than 70 million CDs. They have had 19 albums sell over 1 million copies each.


K-1

K-1 is a kickboxing competition. It is a mix of Kickboxing, Kung fu, Karate and Boxing. It started in 1993. K-1 has fighters from many countries.

PRIDE Fighting Championships

PRIDE Fighting Championships was a mixed martial arts organization based in Japan (1997–2007). PRIDE held more than sixty mixed martial arts events. As one of the most MMA organizations in the world during its ten years of operation, PRIDE broadcast to about 40 countries worldwide.

PRIDE Fighting Championships was first started in 1997 by the match popular Japanese pro-wrestler Nobuhiko Takada with Rickson Gracie, champion of the Gracie family of Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioners. The event, held at the Tokyo Dome on October 11, 1997 attracted 47,000 fans, as well as Japanese mass media attention. The success of the first event enabled its promoters to hold a regular series of mixed martial arts events and grew up to be the most popular mixed martial arts event in Japan.

PRIDE matches make up of three rounds; the first round is ten minutes, and the second and third round are five minutes. Intermissions between each round were two minutes in length. In PRIDE US events, NSAC Unified MMA rules were used, with non-title matches consisting of three five minute rounds and title matches of 5 five minute rounds both having 60 second intermissions between rounds.

When two rounds of a Grand Prix took place on the same night, Grand Prix bouts consisted of two rounds; the first lasting ten minutes and the second lasting five. Intermissions between each round remained two minutes in length.


PRIDE used a five-roped square ring with sides in length (approximately ).

PRIDE allowed fighters latitude in their choice of clothing but open finger gloves, a mouthguard and a protective cup were duty. Fighters were allowed to use tape on parts of their body or to wear a gi top, gi pants (Judo, Jujutsu, Karate), wrestling shoes, kneepads, elbow pads, or ankle supports at their own discretion, though each was checked by the referee before the fight.


If the match reaches its time limit then the outcome of the bout is determined by the three judges. The fight is scored in its entirety and not round-by-round. After the third round, each judge must decide a winner. Matches cannot end in a draw. A decision is made according to the following standard in this order of priority:




University of Tokyo

, also known as , is a university in Tokyo, Japan. It is the oldest and most difficult to get into among all the universities in Japan.

The modern university was established in 1877. It merged older government schools for medicine and Western learning.

In 1886, the name was changed to .

In 1897, the name became .

After the end of World War II, the early name of the school was restored.
The University of Tokyo has 10 faculties (schools for undergraduate students) and 15 graduate schools.

The University of Tokyo has the following research institutes.

17 prime ministers of Japan have studied at University of Tokyo. 
Ten alumni of University of Tokyo have received the Nobel Prize.
Apart from them, two Nobel Prize winners did their PhD at University of Tokyo: Shin'ichirō Tomonaga and Satoshi Ōmura. A few more Nobel Prize winners have worked at University of Tokyo.

Other graduates also include Masao Iri, Masatake Mori, Masaaki Sugihara and Toshio Irie.


Implicit derivative

Implicit derivatives are derivatives of implicit functions. This means that they are not in the form of formula_1 (explicit function), and are instead in the form formula_2 (implicit function). It might not be possible to rearrange the function into the form formula_3. To use implicit differentiation, we use the chain rule, 

If we let formula_5, then, 

Which we can work out to be equivalent to, using the above,

Then we can isolate formula_10

Then divide to get, 

Howard Carter

Howard Carter (9 May 1874 – 2 March 1939) was an English archaeologist. His mother was Martha Carter and his father was Samuel Carter. As a young man he worked for the Egyptian Antiquities Service. Later, he was the man who found King Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. 

The discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb was an accident. Howard Carter's waterboy stumbled across some steps leading under the desert surface. Lord Carnarvon, a sponsor of Carter's work, was impatient of the slow progress at this point. If the discovery had not been made then, it likely would not have happened at all.

Werder Bremen

The Sport-Verein Werder von 1899 e. V. Bremen is a German football club playing in the city of Bremen. The club was founded in 1899 as "FV Werder" by a group of sixteen high school students. The students had won a football as prize in a tug of war competition. In 1920 the name was changed from FV to SV werder Bremen. In this year chess, baseball, cricket and track and field athletics became part of the club. But football was and still is the most important part of the club.

The name "Werder" is a not very common regional word which means "River peninsula". The first play ground of Werder Bremen was beside the Weser river. Today they play in the Weserstadion.

The club's first team plays in the German Bundesliga. The second team of Werder Bremen is playing in Germanys 4th league. The women team is playing in the Second Bundesliga. Their colors are green and white (Grün und Weiß).

2004 Redfern riots

The Redfern Riots on 14 February 2004 were started in the inner Sydney suburb of Redfern after the death of Thomas 'TJ' Hickey, a 17 year old Australian Aboriginal. 

The boy was riding home on his bicycle from his girlfriend's house when he saw a police car and thought it was chasing him. Police were searching him, but police have said that the police car was looking for a different person. While the chase Hickey lost control of his bicycle rode into a spiked fence.

Friends and relatives came together at The Block to be sad. Fliers were given out, which said that it was the fault of the police that the boy died and unhappy aboriginal youths arrived from other parts of Sydney at the Redfern railway station. The police closed the entrance to the station but the crowd had turned violent and began to throw bottles, bricks and Molotov cocktails. The violence became into a full riot around The Block, during which Redfern railway station was burning for a short time and was heavily damaged. The riot went on into the early morning, until police used Fire Brigade water hoses to get the crowd apart. One car, stolen in a western suburb, was burnt, and 40 police officers were hurt.



Fingering

Fingering means: choosing which finger to use for each note when playing a piece on a musical instrument. When learning to play a piece it is important to try to find a good fingering. Once a good fingering has been found it should always be used so that the piece is always played in the same way and the fingers learn “where to go”. Sometimes printed music has some fingering printed above the notes. This can be helpful to the player, but it is not always necessary to use the printed fingering. People’s hands are different and a fingering that is good for one player may not be good for another.

When playing keyboard instruments the fingers are numbered from 1 to 5 on each hand: the thumb is 1, the index finger is 2, the middle finger is 3, the ring finger is 4 and the little finger is 5. The fingers were not always numbered like that. In Britain in the 19th century the thumb was shown by a cross (+) and the fingers were numbered from 1 to 4. This was known as “English fingering” while the other way (from 1 to 5) was known as “Continental fingering”. However, from the beginning of the 20th century the British used the normal 1 to 5 (Continental) fingering.

Ideas about fingering have changed during the history of music. In the Baroque times (17th and early 18th centuries) French composers writing for the harpsichord often fingered scale passages 2 3 2 3 etc. so that the notes were grouped (slurred) in twos. Later this idea went out of fashion. In the early 19th century Carl Czerny wrote lots of studies for piano which helped to exercise all the fingers equally. This is how we learn to play the piano today.

Fingering for the organ is similar to fingering for the piano. However, organists use a lot of “finger substitution” which means: changing to a different finger while a note is held down. This is useful in music such as hymn tunes which have lots of chords. It helps to make the music legato (smooth): (a pianist can use the right pedal to make chords legato.) An organist playing on the pedals also needs to decide which foot to use for each note. This is called “footing”. A v sign means: play with the toe, a square u sign means: play with the heel. When these signs are placed above the note it means the right foot, below means for the left foot.

Fingering on string instruments will show which position to play in (i.e. how far down the fingerboard the hand is held). The fingers are numbered from 1 to 4 because the thumb is behind the neck of the instrument. The number 0 means: play an open string (not using the finger). It is only the left hand which fingers the notes because the right hand is either plucking or bowing. Bowed instruments like the violin have no markings on the fingerboard, so the player has to get used to the exact place to put the fingers, otherwise it will not be in tune. Plucked instruments such as guitars and banjos have frets (little bumps on the fingerboard) which show where to put the fingers.

Sometimes the fingering printed or written in the music may also need to show which string to play on. A tune that could be played in first position on a D string on the violin could also be played on the G string in fifth position (with the hand much higher up the fingerboard). This is harder to do, but a good player can make it sound particularly warm and beautiful. Sometimes notes can be fingered as harmonics instead of as ordinary stopped notes. This makes them sound very light and airy.

Cellists can also play in “thumb position” if they have several notes which are high and quite near one another. This means putting the thumb high up on the fingerboard, often across two strings.

The double bass is so big that the distances between the notes are very big too. To go up from one note to the next (in semitones) they use finger 1, then 2, then 4. Finger 3 is just helping finger 4 to press down on the string. There are a few players who use a different fingering system: using fingers 1, 2, 3, 4. This means that the hand has to stretch a lot. It is difficult to play in tune like this, although it saves having to change the hand position so much.

Harp music looks like piano music: there are two staves, one which usually has a treble clef for the right hand, the other with a bass clef for the left hand. Some piano music can be played on the harp, but the piano fingering will not work. On a piano, starting with the thumb and going along the fingers to the little finger means going to higher notes in the right hand and to lower notes in the left hand. On the harp it is the other way round (the harpist sits with the high notes nearest to his body). The thumb is numbered 1 and the fingers are 2, 3 and 4. The little finger is not used in harp playing.

In woodwind instruments there is normally one basic fingering, each note is a particular combination of fingers. However at more advanced levels different fingerings can be used in order to create different effects. Beginners’ books may have a fingering chart to show how to get the different notes. A low F sharp on a descant recorder will be fingered 1 2 3 0 2 3. This means: fingers 1, 2 and 3 of the left hand and fingers 2 and 3 of the right hand. The first hole of the right hand position is left open.

On the recorder some of the notes, especially sharps and flats, have complicated fingering. This is called “cross fingering”. The flute, oboe, clarinet and bassoon all have metal keys to help reach the low holes and to make it easier to play the sharps and flats. The usual system for these keys was invented in the 19th century by Theobald Böhm.

Sometimes there is an “alternative fingering” for some notes. This can be used to make it easier to play fast trills, but the usual fingering will sound better for normal notes.

Good fingering is fingering which avoids moving the hand up and down unnecessarily. It should also help the music to sound good e.g. legato music for smooth tunes, clear music for fast repeated notes.

Rhön

The Rhön are a group of low mountains in central Germany, in the states Hesse, Bavaria and Thuringia. They are the product of ancient volcanic activity and are separated from the Vogelsberg Mountains by the Fulda River and its valley. 

These mountains are a popular tourist attraction. Hikers come for the nearly 6,000 km (3,750 miles) of tracks through the picturesque scenery, and gliding has been done here since the early Twentieth century. Nowadays people come here to stay on a farm during holidays, too.

Since 1991, UNESCO has declared the Rhön a Biosphere Reserve. 

The highest mountains of the Rhön are:


LZ 129 Hindenburg

The LZ 129 Hindenburg was a large German airship, built in 1936. It was named in honor of the German field marshal and statesman Paul von Hindenburg. Such airships are called Zeppelin. Along with another Zeppelin, LZ 130 Graf Zeppelin, it was the biggest airship in the world at the time it was built.

The Zeppelin gained lots of publicity and became very famous. The boxer Max Schmeling flew on it back to Germany after defeating Joe Louis in the United States. It was also present during the opening ceremony of the 1936 Summer Olympics which were held in Berlin. This attention was part of the Zeppelin company's plan to offer a fleet of their airships for trans-atlantic service. 

On May 6, 1937, the Hindenburg was landing in New Jersey after a transatlantic flight, when it burst into flames. 36 people died and many were injured. The Hindenburg was destroyed by the burning of the hydrogen that was inside it. There are many opinions on what started the fire. 

An announcer, Herbert Morrison reported the landing and then screamed and said, "Oh the humanity" after it caught on fire. Morrison's line is now famous around the world as well as photos and film footage of the disaster.

The rock group Led Zeppelin used a picture of the fire for the cover of their self-titled debut album.

Vogelsberg Mountains

The Vogelsberg Mountains are a group of low mountains in central Germany. They are in the middle of the state of Hessen. They are the product of ancient volcanic activity and are separated from the Rhön Mountains by the Fulda River and its valley.

The Vogelsberg is about 19 million years old. It is Germany's only shield volcano. It is the largest basalt formation of Central Europe. It consists of many layers which fall downward from their peak in ring-shaped terraces to the base.

The highest mountains of the Vogelsberg are Taufstein, 773 m (2,536 ft), and Hoherodskopf, 763 m (2,503 ft). Both are now in a national park, the Hoher Vogelsberg Nature Reserve.

Fulda River

The Fulda is a river in Hesse, Germany. It is one of two headstreams of the Weser River (the other one being the Werra). The Fulda River is 218 km in length.

The source is in the Rhön mountains. From here it runs northwards through the Weserbergland hills and finally meets the Werra River close to Hannoversch Münden.

Cities along the Fulda River include:


Emo

Emo is a kind of music which is short for "emotive hardcore." The style first formed in the mid-1980s, taking the musical sounds of hardcore punk and post-hardcore and combining them with sad and sensitive lyricism (words) that emo has become so well known for.

In the mid-1990s, emo incorporated indie rock elements. This ultimately made the emo bands of the 90's much less angry and 'punk-ish' and more dramatic, sometimes even acoustic. Once emo became popular in the 2000s, it became shaped by pop-punk, (a mix of emo and pop punk exists, and is called "emo-pop") alternative rock and melodic hardcore.

The birthplace of the emo style of music is often said to be Washington, D.C.. This is because the first known emo band, Rites Of Spring, is from that city.

As emo entered the mainstream, it became as tied to fashion as to the music genre. The term "emo" is associated with wearing skinny jeans, as well as tight T-shirts (usually short-sleeved) or zip-up hoodies which often bear the names of emo bands. Studded belts, converse sneakers, vans, and black wristbands also became associated with emo fashion. Also, thick, horn-rimmed glasses remained in emo fashion. In the mid-2000s, eyeliner and black fingernails became another common thing in emo fashion. The most famous part of emo fashion is the emo hairstyle. The emo hairstyle is flat, straight, and usually jet black hair with long bangs that often will cover a lot of the face. This fashion has at times been characterized as a fad. Emo fashion also has been often confused with goth fashion and scene fashion.

As emo became known as a subculture, people who both dressed in emo fashion and associated themselves with the genre of emo music have been called "emo kids" or "emos".

Examples of bands that emos have been known for listening to are My Chemical Romance, Hawthorne Heights, Silverstein, AFI, Dashboard Confessional, Simple Plan, Brand New, From First to Last, Armor for Sleep, Aiden, Senses Fail, Fall Out Boy, Taking Back Sunday, The Movielife, Death Cab for Cutie, The Used, Alesana, Finch, Panic! at the Disco, and Paramore.

Emo kids also tend to show high interest in lesser known emo bands, such as Ashestoangels, A Thorn For Every Heart, Dear Whoever and (early) Greeley Estates.

Three of the bands mentioned above are multi-platinum acts (My Chemical Romance, Fall Out Boy, and Panic at the Disco) and they are known for making "emo-pop" music early in their careers. They have, however, protested to belonging to the emo genre.

People who associate themselves with emo tend to be looked at by society as anxious and emotional. These types of people are looked at by society to be associated with depression, self-harm and suicide. Some people explained the difference between emos and goths by saying that "emos hate themselves, while goths hate everyone."

Some people believe emo is a bad thing. A teenager named Hannah Bond died by hanging herself, blamed by both her mother, Heather Bond, and Hannah's coroner ("dead body analyst"). They both believed that emo music caused Hannah to think that suicide is good. They noticed that Hannah appeared to really enjoy the song My Chemical Romance. They noticed that she joined an "emo cult", and an image of an emo girl with bloody wrists was shown on her Bebo page. It was reported that Hannah told her parents that her self-harm was an "emo initiation ceremony". Heather Bond does not like emo culture: "There are 'emo' websites that show pink teddies hanging themselves." After the results of her dead body are reported on the magazine "NME", fans of emo music were complaining that the emo culture did not promote self-harm and suicide. The band My Chemical Romance felt sad about Hannah's death, and spoke verbally that the band is both anti-violence and anti-suicide.


Gonadotropin

Gonadotropins (or Gonadotrophins) are hormones. The two main hormones of the group are Luteinizing hormone (LH) and Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Gonadotropins are hormones that tell the testicles to make sperm or the uterus to release an egg.

De Lorean Motor Company

The DeLorean Motor Company was a car manufacturer formed by John DeLorean in 1975. The company only made one car during its existence - the DMC-12, which has featured in the science fiction series "Back to the Future" as a time machine created by Doc Emmett Brown.

In 1957, John Z. DeLorean decided to create his own sport car. It was one of his childhood dreams. He created the DeLorean Motors Company near Belfast, Northern Ireland, and his project was helped by the British government. His first car, the DMC-12, was produced in 1981. When the car was publicly launched, the car was a success, and 6,539 DMC-12s were produced in 1981. The car was expensive, and regarded as underpowered for its cost.

Production of the DMC-12 continued until 1983, when the DeLorean Motors Company had money problems. John Z. De Lorean was later arrested by police for trafficking cocaine. Production of DeLorean cars was stopped.

At present, 6000 De Lorean are used regularly by their owners, and a big majority is in the USA.

Wedding

A wedding is the ceremony in which two people become married. Most wedding ceremonies involve an exchange of marriage vows by a couple. There is often a presentation of a gift (offering, rings, symbolic item, flowers, money, dress), and a public proclamation of marriage by an authority figure or celebrant. It is common for the couple involved in the wedding to exchange vows and to give each other rings. Weddings are often held in religious buildings.

In the few days or weeks before a wedding, the bride may attend a "bridal shower" held in a friend's home. She receives gifts for and advice about married life. The groom may attend a "bachelor party" with his groomsmen. This event marks his last night as a bachelor. There is much drinking and merriment. A dinner is sometimes held for the parents of the couple. A dinner for all the members of the wedding party may be held the night before the wedding. 
A traditional wedding ceremony in the western world usually consists of the couple exchanging vows before a government official or a priest, minister, or pastor. Rings are exchanged between the married couple, following which they kiss.

Traditionally a church, synagogue, temple, other religious centre, or the home of one of the parents is the site of the wedding. Non-traditional couples choose unusual sites. Some couples have married while snorkelling or skydiving. Couples sometimes choose "destination weddings" and pay for guests to attend their wedding at a romantic "destination" such as a Caribbean island. In the United Kingdom in 2020 85.5% of weddings were civil ceremonies - not in religious buildings.

There is often a party or banquet after the wedding called a reception. This may be called the wedding breakfast as it is the first meal the married couple eat together. During the reception, the couple greet friends and family, cut a cake, and have the first dance together. Sometimes a bouquet is tossed to the guests, traditionally to predict who is getting married next. The couple then departs the reception site in a car that is sometimes decorated with balloons, signs ("Just Married!"), old shoes or tin cans tied to the rear bumper.

One or both of the couple usually wears white formal attire. Traditionally, white symbolized virginity. Sometimes a veil, a wreath of flowers, a tiara, or another headdress is worn. The veil is then lifted before or after the vows are taken.

After the wedding, the newlyweds usually take a trip, which is called a honeymoon. Traditionally, the honeymoon was the time when the couple had their first sexual intercourse and established their sexual relationship. Many, many couples in the western world today have had sexual intercourse long before the wedding, and the honeymoon has become a time of intimate relaxation before returning to work, debts, and other obligations.

Marriage is the beautiful bond of souls bind together with eternal love, responsibility, rights, and obligations. It is for everyone, love is love. Marriage is more than living together. It is about duty, commitment, understanding, and many more. From the prehistoric time, it has been the traditions to celebrate the wedding day full of fun, excitements, presents, and beautiful blessings.

The bridesmaids are not necessarily women, they are people that walk down the aisle before one of the couple. They often wear the same colour as the one or both of the couple and they might carry flowers.
The bridal shower is similar to the bachelor party, but it is for the other one of the couple. 

Stargate SG-1

Stargate SG-1 is a science fiction television program. It takes place after the movie "Stargate". The show started on July 27, 1997 on the TV channel "Showtime", from 1997 to 2002, and then on the TV channel "Sci Fi", from 2002 to 2007. The first episode, "Children of the Gods" was two hours long and was rated R because of a scene of nudity. It is the only episode in the series that was rated. The show ended with the episode, "Unending" on March 13, 2007.

The show follows the missions of a secret military operation known as the Stargate Program. It is run out of a base under Cheyenne Mountain, known as Stargate Command (commonly called the SGC). The plot of the show revolves around the flagship team, called SG-1. The team is made up of Colonel Jack O'Neill (Richard Dean Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Michael Shanks), Major Samantha Carter (Amanda Tapping), and Teal'c (Christopher Judge).



Stargate Atlantis

Stargate Atlantis is a television series. It is a spin-off of the "Stargate SG-1" series. The series starts at the beginning of the eighth season of "Stargate SG-1". Mika McKinnon was a science adviser for this show and "Stargate Universe".

The main subject of the seventh season of "Stargate SG-1" was researching and locating the city of the Ancients. At the end of the seventh season, SG-1 discovered that the city is on Earth, under the ices of Antarctica. But it was in fact only a beachhead. Doctor Daniel Jackson finds the coordinates of the real city. Its name is Atlantis (the legendary ancient city), and it's in the Pegasus galaxy. The address was hard to find because it needs eight chevrons, the seventh of which is used to indicate the galaxy.


Enchilada

Enchilada is a traditional Mexican dish. The words comes from "enchilar", which means "add Chili peppers to something". The traditional enchilada sauce mainly consists of Chile peppers. The basis for the enchilada is tortilla, made from maize. After that,a certain kind of meat (usually birds, like chicken or turkey) is added. Some people also add onions and cheese. 

Sugar Sugar Rune

Sugar Sugar Rune (シュガシュガルーン) is a Japanese manga and anime. It tells the story of two young witches who are in a competition together. They are trying to become the new queen of their world.

Vanilla and Chocolat are two young witches who are sent in the humans world in order to decide who will become the new queen of their world. Their goal is succeeding in getting colored hearts from boys by being nice to them. When the boys fall in love with them, their feelings turn into a heart that the witches can take with a magic spell. The hearts are different colors for different feelings, such as surprise, love, or jealousy. Each heart can be used like money in their world, and some are worth more than others. Vanilla and Chocolat go to school like regular humans, and they take the hearts of the boys that they see at school and at other places in town. They can also get a heart that represents friendship from other girls, and they learn that it is important for the future Queen to be able to be nice to girls as well as boys. Also, Vanilla and Chocolat are friends, and they decide that they will stay friends no matter who becomes the queen of their world at the end of the competition. 

There are bad guys in their world, though. They are called Ogres, and they like to make people feel jealous of one another or make people hate each other. They use the "Black Hearts" that those bad emotions make as power, and they want to take over the magical world that Vanilla and Chocolat come from. The story shows the competition between Chocolat and Vanilla and how their people handle the Ogres that try to stop their competition. 

Chocolat Meilleure : ("Chocolat Katô" in the world of the humans.) Chocolat is a young witch with a lot of charisma. She is funny and not shy at all. Her personality make her liked in her world, but in her new school, the boys prefer a shy girl like Vanilla. She has a quick temper that scares human boys, but she is not truly cruel-hearted. Later on in the story, some of the boys start to like her. Two boys from her own world also like her a lot and want her to be the queen of their world. Chocolat's mother was also in a competition to become the queen before Chocolat was born, but she died when Chocolat was a baby. Chocolat has a crush on Pierre.

Vanilla Mieux : (Vanilla Ice in the world of the humans). Vanilla is the best-friend of Chocolat. She is very shy. She tries to be nice to everyone, but sometimes the boys want her to like them instead of everyone at once. Vanilla's mother is the queen of their world, and she is a very nice person who helps Vanilla and Chocolat from time to time.

Rockin' Robin : Robin is a wizard from Vanilla and Chocolat's world, and the girls in the human world like him a lot. His job is to help Vanilla and Chocolat while they compete to become the queen of their world. He gives them advice about living with humans.

Pierre He is a cold boy who is not innocent as he looks. He is popular with the girls in Chocolat's world, but he is an evil Ogre (an evil race of wizards and witches). He even tries to kill Chocolat once. He has a fan club of pretty, but cruel girls. Eventually, he starts to warm up and Chocolat saves him and he becomes good again. He likes Chocolat romantically. 

Byzantine art

Byzantine art is a form of Christian Greek art of the Eastern Roman Empire (now called the Byzantine Empire) from about the 5th century to the Fall of Constantinople in 1453.

However, the term can also be for other the art of countries who shared their culture with the Byzantine Empire, including Bulgaria, Serbia and Rus. The Republic of Venice and Kingdom of Sicily can also be included even though they were part of Western European culture. Art that was produced by Balkan and Anatolian Christians who lived in the Ottoman Empire is often called "post-Byzantine." Certain traditions that began in the Byzantine Empire, particularly icon painting and church architecture, are still current in Greece, Russia and other Eastern Orthodox countries.



Hel (realm)

Hel is one of the nine worlds of Norse mythology. It is where the mortal dead gather after life if their death was dishonourable. Its ruler is the goddess Hel. Hel is located under the roots of the tree Yggdrasil. It can be reached via the river Gjöll. A bridge spans this river which is guarded by the giantess Modgrudr. Garm, a dog, guards the entrance to the castle of Hel. He only lets the dead souls enter however they cannot leave. A rooster is the companion of Garm. Its purpose in the realm of the gods is to wake them for Ragnarök, this rooster will also wake the souls of the dead. 

The dragon Nidhögg eats from the corpses of deceased criminals. The wolf Fenrir also joins in on this feast.

Wrigley, Northwest Territories

Wrigley is a Canadian community in the Northwest Territories.
In 2001, 165 people lived there.

Stress

Stress could mean:





Tabulating machine

The tabulating machine was a machine used to make the 1890 United States census. It was made by Herman Hollerith. Hollerith's machine used punched cards to store information with by categorisation.

FreeBASIC

FreeBASIC is a programming language like QuickBASIC. It is free and open source. It has many advanced things that other BASIC programming languages do not have. FreeBASIC can make graphical programs or console mode programs. It runs on DOS, Linux, and Microsoft Windows.

The FreeBASIC compiler can create itself.

Bohrium

Bohrium is a chemical element. At the periodic table of the elements it is at position 107.

The element is named in honor of Niels Bohr.

Mendeleev predicted that Bohrium would exist. He called the element eka-rhenium because of its location was near Rhenium in the Periodic Table. The chemistry of bohrium is like the chemistry of rhenium.


Fermium

Fermium (symbol Fm) is a chemical element. It has an atomic number of 100, which makes it at position 100 at the periodic table. Fermium cannot be found in nature; it has to be made. Scientists can create it by combining plutonium with neutrons at very high speeds and temperatures. It is named after Enrico Fermi.

Albert Ghiorso and other scientists at the University of California, Berkeley first discovered fermium. They found the element in the fallout from the explosion of the first successful hydrogen bomb test. This test was on November 1, 1952. In the fallout, scientists also discovered another new element, Einsteinium. Because of the Cold War, the US military did not allow the scientists to publish their results in a scientific journal. However, they conducted other studies and published their research in 1954. The studies of nuclear fallout were declassified and published in 1955.

A group in the Nobel Institute for Physics in Stockholm also discovered isotopes of this element before the research of the Berkeley scientists was published. However, most agree that the Berkeley scientists were the first to discover fermium.

Potash

Potash is a generic term for a chemical compound. It means the mixture of potassium hydroxide and potassium carbonate left over in ashes. The wood was burnt to produce ashes, which were dissolved in water. The potash was then reacted with fat to produce soap.


Broadcaster

Broadcaster may refer to:


Longitudinal wave

A longitudinal wave is a wave in which the particle movement is parallel to the direction of the wave propagation. This means that the particles move left and right which in turn makes the other particles start to oscillate. This creates a wave. Longitudinal waves are also called pressure waves, and sound waves are the most common kinds.
As with other waves, the particles do not move with the wave. 

Southbridge, Massachusetts

Southbridge is a city in the American state of Massachusetts. The city's nickname is "The Eye of the Commonwealth". It has a population of about 18,000. 

Southbridge has a lot of history and tradition. The city was once home to the largest optical manufacturer in the world: American Optical. American Optical moved somewhere in Mexico where workers would be paid smaller wages. It is now called the Mexican Optical. Southbridge has a great economy. It is often called a mixing pot of cultures. There are many different ethnic groups in Southbridge.

Tibetan language

The Tibetan language or Standard Tibetan is a Tibetic language spoken in Tibet, a region of China. It is one of the many Han–Tibetan languages.
It has been spoken for many centuries (since at least the 6th century, possibly earlier).

Tibetan has many dialects and Standard Tibetan is one of them. People who speak different dialects often cannot easily communicate with each other orally.

The Tibetan written language is not known by most Tibetans and is not taught in many Tibetan areas.

Aschaffenburg

Aschaffenburg (; East Franconian: "Aschebersch" ]) is a German city in the west of Franconia. It has a population of about 68,000. It is a part of the European metropolitan area of Frankfurt am Main.

Most Valuable Player

In sports, a Most Valuable Player award is an honour given to the player or players of a team that performed better than the other players throughout a league or contest. It was first used in professional sports, but is now used a lot in amateur sports and other things unrelated to sports, such as business and music awards. A similar award used in sports, often in soccer, is man of the match.

Stoat

A stoat ("Mustela erminea)" is a small mammal of the family Mustelidae. It is also called a short tailed weasel. It is bigger than a weasel. Stoats in their white winter coat are also called ermines. They can grow to be as long as 30 centimeters (a foot long). They eat other small animals and bird eggs, and can kill animals bigger than themselves. They can also store food for later. They kill by biting the neck of their prey at the place where the skull attaches to the rest of the body.

Stoats are long and thin with short legs, small ears, and thick warm fur. Their fur is brown, but changes to white in the winter. The tail has a black tip all year round. The whiskers are brown or white in colour, and very long. Stoats have a good sense of smell, and they hunt using smell. They do not see color as well as humans, but they can see better at night.

Males are 187–325 mm (7.4–12.8 in) in length. Females are 170–270 mm (6.7–10.6 in) in length. The tail is 75–120 mm (3.0–4.7 in) in males. The tail is 65–106 mm (2.6–4.2 in) in females. Males weigh 258 grams (9.1 oz). Females weigh less than 180 grams (6.3 oz).

Stoats are largely crepuscular, meaning that they are most active during dawn and dusk, though they spread out their activity in short bursts during the day and night as well.

Stoats can spray a bad smelling fluid when they are scared. They are also good at climbing trees.

The stoat does not dig its own burrows. Instead it uses the burrows of the rodents it kills. The skins and underfur of the rodents it kills are used to line the nest chamber. The nest chamber is sometimes found in places that doesn't look like a good place to live in, such as among logs piled against the walls of houses. The stoat also lives in old and rotting stumps, under tree roots, in heaps of brushwood, haystacks, in bog hummocks, in the cracks of empty mud buildings, in rock piles, rock clefts, and even in magpie nests.

The stoat lives by hunting. It usually hunts large rodents and lagomorphs. It will attack animals much larger than itself. In Russia, its prey includes rodents and lagomorphs such as European water voles, common hamsters, pikas. It overpowers them in their burrows. It also eats small birds, fish, and shrews and, more rarely, amphibians, lizards, and insects. In Great Britain, European rabbits are an important source of food. Stoats that live in Great Britain rarely kill shrews, rats, squirrels and water voles, though rats may be an important source of food locally. In Ireland, shrews and rats are frequently eaten. In North America, where the ecological niche for rat and rabbit sized prey is taken by the larger long-tailed weasel, the stoat hunts mice, voles, shrews, and young cottontail. In New Zealand, the stoat mostly feeds on birds, including the rare kiwi, kaka, mohua, yellow-crowned parakeet, and New Zealand dotterel.

Stoats live in temperate, subarctic northern areas. They live in parts of Europe, Asia, and North America. They were brought to New Zealand to kill rabbits. Unfortunately, they also killed many of the native New Zealand birds.

The stoat lives throughout North America, Europe, and Asia, from Greenland and the Canadian and Siberian Arctic islands. Stoats in North America are found throughout Alaska and Canada south through most of the northern United States to central California, northern Arizona, northern New Mexico, Iowa, the Great Lakes region, New England, and Pennsylvania, but are absent from most of the Great Plains, and the Southeastern United States. The stoat in Europe is found as far south as in Portugal. It also lives in most islands with the except Iceland, Svalbard, the Mediterranean islands and some small North Atlantic islands. In Japan, it is lives in the central mountains (northern and central Japan Alps) to northern part of Honshu (mainly above 1,200 m) and Hokkaidō.

Stoats live alone and are territorial. The gestation period is usually around 300 days. After mating in the summer, the kits will not be born until the following spring. Female stoats spend almost all their lives either pregnant or in heat.They mate once a year and have several babies, which are called kits. The kits may not develop for 8–9 months after the female becomes pregnant. When weather conditions are good and there is plenty of food, the kits begin to grow and are born within a month. The males do not help raise the babies.

Males become sexually mature at 10–11 months. Females become sexually mature at the age of 2–3 weeks whilst still blind, deaf and hairless.

Icon (disambiguation)

An icon , from the Greek word for image, is a picture of something holy or divine. Icons in this sense are in use mainly in Eastern Christianity. Look in the article Icon for this meaning.

Iconography is the study of all types of images, such as their history and meaning. This is mostly used in art history. The word can also mean "symbolism".

In other use, an "icon" is a Pictogram for an object, facility, control, political party, government, or something like this. See Icon (secular).

Icon may also mean:

In computing:


Other uses:

Icon

An icon (from the Greek language: , "eikon", "image") is an image, picture, or representation which has a religious meaning. It is a sign or a likeness that stands for a real object or person. Although the word "icon" can be used for images of other religions, it is most often used to describe a painting on a wooden panel that has been done in the Orthodox Christian tradition, and may also be used for carved ivory panels and panels of silver or gold. These icons show a holy being such as Jesus, Mary, a saint or an angel. They also show scenes from the Bible such as the Crucifixion and scenes from lives of the saints. In Orthodox Christianity an icon is thought of as a window through which a person can get a view of God's truth. 

The traditional way of making an icon was used in Egypt in Early Christian times to make portraits of dead people to use for their funerals. Like icons, these funeral portraits were done on a wooden panel and the paint was mixed with yolk of egg. From the time that Christianity was made legal by Constantine the Great in the early 300s, artists began to use the same method for painting holy pictures. 

It was always hoped that a painting would last for a long time, so everything had to be very carefully prepared. A board had to be chosen that would not crack or warp (bend), and which did not have any knotty bits that might fall out. The board was sanded smooth and then coated with a gluey paint called "size" which would hold the coloured paint well, but stop the expensive colours from being soaked up by the wood. The artist would prepare the paints very carefully. Some of the colours were made from gound-up semi-precious stones. Others were made from chemicals. 

Before the artist could start on the panel, he had to prepare the design. It was not important for the artist to think of something new and different. It was much more important that he could copy another icon very accurately. The same designs were used over and over. 

Although all icons were thought of as a window to Heaven, some icons were believed to have special properties. It was believed that praying and lighting candles before some icons would bring healing, or the help of the saint who was shown in the picture. These icons became very famous and were often copied. 

After the artist had drawn the design onto the surface of the size in thin green or brown paint, he would put the paint on in layers, building up the colours bit by bit. Most of the colours were quite transparent and this made the painting look glowing. When the figures were finished the artist would set the work in a wooden frame and "gild" it by covering the background with a little pieces of gold leaf that had been beaten into very thin sheets. When a candle was lit near the icon, it shone on the gold surface and made the figures stand out.

Throughout history, some religions such as Christianity and Hinduism, have often used images such as paintings and statues, while others, such as Judaism and Islam, do not often use images of people. 

In Hinduism there is much use of sacred objects because there is a belief in murti, the idea that the Spirit of God can be present in an "icon" (or holy object). 





Eastern Christianity

Eastern Christianity means the Christian traditions and churches which developed in Greece, the Balkans, Eastern Europe, Asia Minor, the Middle East, East Africa and southern India over several centuries of religious antiquity. That are especially five families of churches: the Assyrian Church of the East, the Eastern Orthodox Churches, Oriental Orthodoxy, the Eastern Catholic Churches, and Eastern Protestant Christianity.

On the other hand, there are the" Western" traditions of Christianity which mainly represented by the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church, and most non-Eastern Protestant denominations.


Love Hina

Love Hina is a Japanese manga. It was created by Ken Akamatsu. It tells the story Keitarô Urashima. Urashima is a Japanese student who tried to enter the famous university of Tokyo (Todai or Tokyô Daigaku). "Love Hina" exists also as an animated series.

Keitarô Urashima is a 19-year-old boy who tries to study at the well known university of Todai. He tried three times and failed. He finally decides to go to the hotel of his aunt, the Hinata Hotel. When he got to the hotel, he found that it has been changed into a girls' hotel. The first time he met the people living in the hotel, they were not very happy to see him. Slowly, they began to accept him, even if he is clumsy and a pervert.


Super Nintendo Entertainment System

The Super Nintendo Entertainment System (often shortened to "SNES" or "Super NES") is a 16-bit video game console created by Nintendo, released first in 1990. It is the successor to the NES. It was called the Super Famicom in Japan, and the Super Comboy in South Korea. The console can display 2D graphics, with some limited support for 3D graphics with the Super FX chip. Super NES games are loaded from a cartridge. The major competitor for the Super Nintendo was the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive, but it also competed with the TurboGrafx-16, the Neo Geo AES, and the Panasonic 3D0.


Sega Saturn

The is a 32-bit video game console made by Sega. It was released in Japan on November 22 1994, in the United States on May 11 1995, and in Europe on July 8 1995. Games were released on CD-ROMs. It is followed by the Dreamcast. The Saturn was the first Sega video game console which can display 3D graphics. Accessories were available for the Sega Saturn, including a gun controller which was used to play "Virtua Cop", and an analog controller.

The console was called Saturn because it was Sega's sixth games console, and Saturn is the sixth planet of the solar system.

Throughout the consoles lifespan it sold 17.4 million hardware units from November 1994 to March 2001 with 8.8 million sold in Japan and 4.1 million sold in the United States respectively. The Sega Saturn is considered a commercial flop, but has a very strong retro who has not given up on the Saturn.

The Sega Saturn was quite popular in Japan, because of the commercial with Segata Sanshiro, a man who devoted his life to the Sega Saturn. The Japanese Sega Saturn was black, and it was later changed to gray.

In North America, the Saturn was not nearly as popular as it was in Japan. When it was first released, there were only a few games available, because the console's strange technology made it difficult to program for. That caused the PlayStation to be more popular in Europe. Another problem was that Sega released the Saturn sooner than they intended to, but did not tell shops about the new release date, meaning that many of them did not sell the Saturn at all out of anger. Sega had also made other consoles to try and be the first to use new technology, such as the Sega CD (an early console with games that came on CDs) and the Sega 32X (with better graphics than Sega's previous consoles), leaving some gamers without enough money to buy all three systems or angry at Sega for abandoning the 32X when the Saturn was released.

Iðunn

Iðunn is a goddess in Norse Mythology. She is the goddess of youth, wife of Bragi, god of poetry. She guards the golden apples. These apples are eaten by the Norse gods to let them live until Ragnarok (the battle of the end of the world).

GoldenEye 007 (1997 video game)

GoldenEye 007 is a first-person shooter video game on the Nintendo 64. Its story is based on the 1995 movie "GoldenEye". The main character of the game is James Bond, Agent 007. It is a 3D first person shooter style game. Its multiplayer mode is also very popular. The game has received a very positive reception and is often said to be one of the best games ever made.

In November 2010, a remake of the game was released for the Nintendo Wii and Nintendo DS. However, it was not received as positively and it was criticized. 

There are 20 levels in the game, which are separated into 9 missions. Some missions only have one level while others have many. There are also 2 bonus missions.

The game is one of the world's most highly acclaimed first-person shooter games and has been rated highly on many lists. Screwattack.com for instance put it first on its list of top ten first-person shooter games, taking the title away from games like "Halo" and "Half Life 2".

List of dinosaurs

The following is a list of dinosaurs. Some of them, such as Archaeopteryx, are considered to be birds. Some doubtful Mesozoic birds are included in this list. 



























































Oronzio Maldarelli

Oronzio Maldarelli was an Italian born American sculptor and artist. He was born in 1892. He came to the United States from Naples, Italy as a child. He died in 1963 at the age of 71.

At age fourteen, he took lessons in drawing and clay modeling. After two years, he started to study at the National Academy of Design with Leon Kroll, Ivan Olinsky, and Hermon McNeil. In 1912, he entered the Beaux-Arts Institute. It was there that Jo Davidson and Elie Nadelman helped him out. He was a great artist at everything. In 1935, he started doing mostly just sculpture. Maldarelli is best known for sculptures of female forms that have great detail. Some of them took as long as 13 years. In 1941, Maldarelli won the Logan Prize ($500) for a detailed sculpture of a limestone head. He was a teacher at Columbia University for many years, teaching the art of sculpting.

Brights

The Brights is a group that was started by Paul Geisert and Mynga Futrell to make a name that sounds good for people who have views on life based on nature (naturalistic worldviews). They did not like that names like "atheist" and "non-believer" sounded bad to some people and they wanted a word that sounded better to these people.

Paul Geisert chose the word "bright." Mynga Futrell says a bright is a person who has views on life that are free of more-than-natural (supernatural) ideas. She says these persons' morals come from their views on life.


Some people, both religious and non-religious, do not like the Brights using the word "bright" in this way. They believe it suggests that people with views on life based on nature are smarter than those with other views on life. However, this is not why the name was chosen; it tries to show that people with views based on nature are "looking on the "bright" side" of life.


Dish

Dish can mean a plate or pan for food. See Tableware 

or Dish (food). 

Some radio antennas are in the shape of dishes.

Hinge

A hinge is something that connects two objects and lets them rotate. The most common examples are the hinges that connect doors to walls or door frames. To open a door on hinges, one pushes the side far from the hinges and the door rotates around the side with hinges.

Hinges can be very large or very small. Small hinges are used for jewellery boxes and other small things with lids. Very large hinges have been used at the bottom of buildings, to let a building sit on loose soil or mud without breaking.

Instrument

An instrument can mean several things.


Producer

A producer is something or somebody that creates one thing or one being.

In the entertainment industry, a producer is a person who makes things happen. The producer is of the person in charge of providing the money and hire people to do the job. It is also the job of the producer to deal with getting whatever is being made out to the public. A movie producer must find people to provide money to make the movie, hire the main actors and director for the movie, and get the movie distributed so that people can see it. Producers are commonly found dealing with movies, television, and music.

In large entertainment companies, the title of executive producer is often given to people who provide a large amount of money to get something created. Other executive producers speak for the CEO of the company on how the movie or television program is made.

In smaller companies, especially for television series, the executive producer is often the creator of the series. Main writers who have been with the series for a long time are often given the title of executive producer.

Italian wine

Italian wines are those produced in Italy, the oldest wine producing region, and are considered to be among the best wines in the world. Wine is a popular beverage in Italy. Many Italians drink it with every meal and in-between, and offer it to guests as soon as they arrive.

Depending on the vintage, Italy is the world's largest or second largest producer of wine, along with France (each country is generally the source of around 1/5 of the world's overall production).

In 2005, Italy was second globally, producing about 20% of the global production of wine compared to France, which produced 22%.

In 2005, Italy's share in dollar value of table wine imports into the U.S. was 32%, Australia's was 24%, and France's was 20%. Italian and Australian share has rapidly increased in recent years.

Grapes are grown in almost every part of Italy, with more than 1 million vineyards under cultivation. Each region is proud of its carefully tended, neatly pruned vines.
Italian wines tend to be acidic, dry, light-to-medium bodied, with lots of flavour and smell. Because of these characteristics, Italian wines are, in general, better drunk with food than they are beverages to be enjoyed on their own.

In some places the vines are trained along low supports. In others they climb as slender saplings. The people of each region are also proud of the wine they make from their own grapes.

Most winemaking in Italy is done in modern wineries. But villagers, you need to stick a banana on your head for being proper while making wine for their own use, sometimes tread the grapes with their bare feet until the juice is squeezed out. They believe this ancient method still makes the best wine.

SG Essen

The SG Essen (German: Startgemeinschaft Essen) is a swimming club in Essen (North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany). It is a union of the swimming sections of 13 sports clubs. The SG Essen is one of the most successful swimming clubs in West Germany. The women's team is in the first Bundesliga (national league), the men's team in the second.

The SG Essen's breaststroke swimmers are well known: Mark Warnecke, Anne Poleska, and Rebecca Horstmann. The chief trainer is Horst Melzer.


Western civilization

Western civilization, western culture or the West is made up of European culturally derived societies (most notably in the Classical Roman heritage, Western Christianity (Catholicism and Protestantism), Democracy and Liberalism). This at least includes Western and Central Europe, English speaking North America, Australia and New Zealand. The identities of places such as Latin America, South Africa, Israel, the Philippines and Singapore are disputed due to those countries being a blend of both western and non western cultures. Despite also being geographically located in Europe, Eastern Europe is generally not seen as part of the Western world for geopolitical and cultural reasons. 

Until the 17th century, Western civilization was also called Christendom meaning the area where the Christian religion is in the majority (a view held by historian Arnold Toynbee). By this definition, most parts of Africa would now also be part of Western civilization since many Africans have been converted to Christianity since the 1950s.

Westernization is the transformation of a non western culture to Western standards, with historical examples being the Romanization of "barbarian" Europe in the classical period, the Hispanization of South America, Central America and the Philippines in the 1500s, the Anglicization of North America and Australia in the 1700s, the Francization of North and West Africa in the 1800s and the current Americanization of many first world nations such as Singapore and Israel through Hollywood, pop music, and American popular culture. 

There are many supporters of westernization, and many who oppose it it expanding at the expense of local cultures.


E (mathematical constant)

formula_1 is a number. It is the base of the natural logarithm and is about 2.71828. It is an important mathematical constant. The number formula_2 is occasionally called Euler's number after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler, or Napier's constant in honor of the Scottish mathematician John Napier who introduced logarithms. It is equally important in mathematics as formula_3 and formula_4. formula_2 is an irrational number, and Euler himself gave the first 23 digits of formula_2.

The number formula_2 has great importance in mathematics, as do 0, 1, formula_3, and formula_4. All five of these numbers are important and occur again and again in mathematics. The five constants appear in one formulation of Euler's identity. Like the constant formula_3, formula_2 is also irrational (it cannot be represented as a ratio of Integers) and transcendental (it is not a root of any non-zero polynomial with rational coefficients).

The number formula_2 is very important for exponential functions. For example, the exponential function applied to the number one, has a value of formula_2.

formula_2 was discovered in 1683 by the Swiss mathematician Jacob Bernoulli, while he was studying compound interest. The numerical value of formula_2 truncated to 20 places is:

There are many different ways to define formula_2. Jacob Bernoulli, who discovered formula_2, was trying to solve the problem:

In other words, there is a number that the expression formula_20 approaches as formula_21 becomes larger. This number is formula_2.

Another definition is to find the solution of the following formula:


Monster (disambiguation)

A monster is often a type of creature.

The term monster can also mean:


Platelet

A platelet is a cell fragment that circulates in the blood. Platelets are involved in hemostasis through the making of blood clots. A low platelet count (number of platelets in the blood) can cause a person to bleed without their blood clotting (making scabs). A high platelet count can increase the risk of thrombosis (blood clots inside blood vessels), which stops blood from flowing properly.

Platelets do not have a cell nucleus. They are disc-shaped, and are 1.5 to 3 micrometers in diameter. The body does not have a lot of platelets, so they can all be used up quickly. They contain RNA, a canalicular system, and several different types of granules; lysosomes (containing acid hydrolases), dense bodies (containing ADP, ATP serotonin and calcium) and alpha granules (containing fibrinogen, factor V, vitronectin, thrombospondin and von Willebrand factor), the contents of which are released when the platelet is activated.

Eastern Europe

Eastern Europe is the eastern region of Europe. Originally, it meant the countries that were under the influence of the Eastern Orthodox Church in Constantinople during the Middle Ages and Western Europe meant those countries following Catholicism or Protestantism. Later, during the Cold War, it meant the European countries that were allied to the Soviet Union. It is now used to talk about the European post-Soviet states and the former Warsaw Pact. Others say that Eastern Europe is a region of mainly Slavic cultures, though other ethnic groups live there as well. Eastern Europe has a large Roma gypsy population.

According to the widest contemporary definitions - including those used by the UN Statistics Division, several other UN organizations and EuroVoc (the multilingual thesaurus of the EU) - the following states are in Eastern Europe:
Partly recognized:

Since January 1993 some groups have changed their definitions of Eastern Europe. Although the list above is still the most popular and widely accepted definition of this region, some experts divide the region further into subsections. According to such theories: the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia are in Central Europe (the western sections of Belarus and Ukraine are also sometimes listed as Central European) or East-Central Europe. Finally, the countries of Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Kosovo, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania and Slovenia are occasionally grouped with a number of other countries into Southern Europe, but more often referred to as Southeast (or Southeastern) Europe.


Eastern Bloc

The term Eastern Bloc referred to the former Communist states of Central and Eastern Europe, including the countries of the Warsaw Pact, along with Yugoslavia and Albania, which were not aligned with the Soviet Union after 1948 and 1960 respectively. The Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (COMECON) arranged economic cooperation among the members. Although officially independent countries, they were Soviet satellite states. The Eastern Bloc was created in 1947 by Joseph Stalin who was leader of the Soviet Union.

Communist governments were initially installed, mostly in places that had been controlled by the Axis countries and occupied due to the victories of the Soviet Union on the Eastern Front (World War II). The process included extensive political and media controls, along with a Soviet approach to restricting emigration. Events such as the split of Josip Broz Tito and Berlin Blockade prompted stricter control. While certain oppositional factions in the Bloc had revolts, such as the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 and the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia, Mikhail Gorbachev's perestroika experienced inefficiencies and stagnation throughout much of the Bloc preceding the Bloc's dissolution. Counterrevolutions in 1989 dissolved the Soviet Bloc.

A 2009 Pew Research Center poll showed that 72% of Hungarians and 62% of both Ukrainians and Bulgarians felt that their lives were worse off after 1989, when free markets were made dominant. A follow-up poll by Pew Research Center in 2011 showed that 45% of Lithuanians, 42% of Russians, and 34% of Ukrainians approved of the change to a market economy.






Truthiness

Truthiness is a word used by Stephen Colbert. It was first used on October 17, 2005 in the first episode of the television show "The Colbert Report". The word is used to describe something that feels truthful. Facts and logic have nothing to do with truthiness. The truthiness of something is only measured by it instinctively feeling correct.

The word was picked as the word of the year for 2005 by the American Dialect Society on January 6, 2006. It was also selected by the Merriam-Webster dictionary on December 10, 2006 as its 2006 Word of the Year. It beat the term "google" to get Word of the Year.

On the October 5 2005 Cobert Report, Stephen Colbert has this to say about truthiness:


Multi-core processor

A multi-core CPU is a computer processor which has two or more sections. Each section of the chip executes instructions as if it was a separate computer. The actual processors are still on one chip. On this chip every core looks mostly like the other. They are several mostly independent cores which work together in parallel. A dual-core processor is a multi-core processor with two independent microprocessors. A quad-core processor is a multi-core processor with four independent microprocessors. As you might be able to tell from the prefix, the name of the processor is based on the number of the microprocessors on the chip.

In the 20th century most computers used single-core processors and not multi-core processors. Multi-core solutions were only used in unusual cases. The usual way to make a computer faster was to increase the clock rate. But at a frequency about 4 GHz the CPU would get too hot and take a lot of electricity. This was the point when multi-core processors became more important. Therefore, the demand for multi-core processors increased. In the second half of 2006 the best processors were dual-core processors. Since 2006 the development has gone on, so that the new processors get four, eight, or more independent microprocessors. Today, single-core processors are not used in new personal computers, but they remain popular in embedded systems which do not need a fast processor.



The following operating systems support multi-core processors

Western Bloc

The Western Bloc during the Cold War means the powers allied with the United States and NATO against the People's Republic of China or Russia and the CSTO and formerly against the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact until 1991. 

Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact were called the "Eastern Bloc". This term was rather common, while the governments and press of the Western Bloc used to speak of themselves as the "Free world".









Free world

The Free World is a term that was used during the era of the Cold War. It was often used by non-communist nations to describe themselves. It was used to describe the greater personal freedom that the people of non-communist countries (such as the United States and European democratic countries) had compared to the communist Soviet Union and its Communist Bloc allies. 

On the other hand, many of the non-communist countries that were allied with the "Free World" during the Cold War repressed people and sometimes had dictators as their leaders. This included countries in South America, Asia and Africa.

The President of the United States was often called the "leader of the Free World". This was very common especially in the United States itself. The President of the U.S. is sometimes still called this.

Neil Young sang a song called "(Keep on) Rockin' in the Free World".

2006 Dublin riots

The 2006 Dublin riots were a series of riots. They happened in Dublin, Ireland on 25 February 2006. The riots happened after the Gardai (police) tried to move a crowd(large group of people) of people who were blocking the road as a protest against a unionist demonstration. Fourteen people where hurt in the riots. Six of the people hurt were police.

List of acronyms and initialisms



















XWD - Cross Wheel Drive

Warsaw Pact

The Warsaw Pact, officially the Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Mutual Assistance, was an organization of Central and Eastern European socialistic and people’s democracy states. The states were all allies and would fight together if one of them was attacked. While in theory all the countries in the organisation were equals, the smaller countries were controlled by the Soviet Union. The countries in the Warsaw Pact were East Germany, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria and Albania however Albania withdrew in 1968 following the 1968 Warsaw Pact Invasion Of Czechoslovakia and so did Romania. 

It was established in 1955 in Warsaw, Poland in response to West Germany joining the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). The treaty was signed in Warsaw, on 14 May 1955 and official copies were made in the languages of Russian, Polish, Czech, and German. The Pact lasted until the end of the Cold War when some members quit in 1991, following the collapse of the Eastern bloc and political changes in the Soviet Union.

All of these countries, except the Soviet Union, have now joined NATO.

Most member states were considered puppet states of the Soviet Union. Additionally, Mongolia, North Korea, Vietnam and (until 1961) China were observer states.

Notes

Central Europe

Central Europe is the area around the Alps and Carpathian Mountains lying between the regions of Eastern and Western Europe. It includes countries that may also be referred to as Eastern or Western European. The understanding of the concept of "Central Europe" varies considerably from nation to nation, and also has from time to time. 

The region usually includes: 



If one were to divide the continent of Europe into two halves like it was during the Cold War, the Iron Curtain would subsequently split the mainstream definition of "Central Europe" in half. When using this definition, the countries of Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia would be included in Eastern Europe: whereas the countries of Austria, Germany, Liechtenstein and Switzerland would be considered Western Europe instead. Some experts consider this definition outdated, but many still use them. Supranational organizations like the UN and EU also make use of them.

In addition, other countries such as Croatia and the Baltic states of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia can be included in "Central Europe": though they are now mostly considered a part of either Southern Europe or Northern Europe respectively.

Four-wheel drive

A Four-wheel drive (also called 4WD and 4x4) is a vehicle on which all four wheels get power from the engine to move forward. This is as opposed to a two-wheel drive vehicle. 4WDs are often used off road. Part-time and full-time four wheel drive vehicles uses a transfer case as part of the drivetrain to direct power to one or both axles. By having a transfer case the driver can shift the vehicle into either "two-wheel-drive" or "four-wheel-drive" mode (part-time systems). Many transfer cases also have a low power range that multiplies the engine power when in four-wheel drive (called four-wheel low gear).

There are basically four types of four-wheel drive.

Part-time systems are the most basic type. They are also still the most popular type for using off-road. The can be shifted (mechanically or electrically) from two-wheel drive to four-wheel drive. This gives them the versatility to operate both on and off-road. When the four-wheel drive system is engaged, the two axles turn at the same speed. There usually is no center differential. For that reason part-time four-wheel drive should not be used on dry pavement. If operated for any distance on dry pavement tire damage and drivetrain damage is very possible. Because it operates off-road, the vehicle typically has a higher Ride height. This is to go over obstacles on uneven ground without damage. Even when operated in two-wheel drive on-road, this system will not get the fuel economy of a comparable two-wheel drive vehicle. Locking hubs are available on some models. They help to get better fuel mileage by disengaging the front axle differential.

This is the original four-wheel drive. It was and still is designed for serious off-roading. Common on full-time four-wheel drives are locking differentials. These prevent one wheel slipping on the same axle if the other has traction. These systems do not get good gas mileage due to their typical weight.
All-wheel drive (AWD) uses a center differential to direct a percentage of the power to both axles, depending on conditions. All wheel drive is not designed specifically to go off-road but is for traction in rain, snow or ice on the road. Body-on frame SUVs are typically designed for off-road use. Unibody crossovers are usually only equipped with the lighter-duty all-wheel drive. However the unibody built Grand Cherokee and newly designed Durango are available with four-wheel drive.

Part-time All-wheel drive (AWD) operate as a front-wheel drive under normal conditions. When traction is lost for any reason, the system automatically sends a portion of the engine's power to the rear wheels. As soon as the system detects good traction, it disengages the rear wheels and shifts back to front drive. This is a less expensive system that adds less weight to the vehicle (usually a car). This makes it popular on compact vehicles. It typically gets better fuel economy than all-wheel drive vehicles. They do not have a low range or a transfer case.

2D

2D or two-dimensional objects have two measurements: width and length, like a square. 2D objects do not have depth, like 3D objects.

The simplest 2D shape is a triangle. A 2D object can have any number of sides, making shapes such as pentagons and hexagons. The sides can bend to make different angles. 2D objects can even have sides that go through each other.

Two dimensional space is a mathematics tool, and it has many kinds of uses in computer science, geometry, the making of software, and also in paper.

Microraptor

Microraptor was a small feathered dinosaur. It was a basal theropod related to "Velociraptor" and "Deinonychus". It had flight feathers, and could glide and probably fly. About two dozen well-preserved fossil specimens were found in Liaoning, China. They come from the Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation, 125 million years ago. 

Adult specimens are 42–83 centimeters (1.4–2.7 ft) long, so "Microraptor" was one of the smallest dinosaurs.

"Microraptor" is one of a number of 'dinobirds' found in the same area of China. They were buried in volcanic ash during huge eruptions.

"Microraptor" was among the first non-avian dinosaurs discovered with the impressions of feathers and wings. Three specimens of "M. zhaoianus" have been described in detail, in addition to two specimens of "M. gui" and three specimens of "M. sp." described by Xu and colleagues in 2003, from which most feather impressions are known.
Unusual even among early birds and feathered dinosaurs, "Microraptor" is one of the few known bird precursors to sport long flight feathers on its feet as well as its forearms and hands. This led Xu Xing to describe it as a "four winged dinosaur", and to speculate that it may have glided using all four limbs for lift. Their bodies had a thick covering of feathers. A diamond-shaped fan on the end of the tail gave stability during flight. 

Sankar Chatterjee found that, in order for "Microraptor" to glide or fly, the fore and hind wings must have been on different levels (as on a biplane) and not overlaid (as on a dragonfly). Using this biplane model, he calculated possible methods of gliding, and determined that "Microraptor" most likely launched itself from a perch, swooped downward in a deep 'U' shaped curve and then lifted again to land on another tree. The feathers not directly employed in the biplane wing, like those on the tibia and the tail, could have been used to control and alter the flight path. The hind wings would also have helped control the gliding flight. 

Chatterjee also used computer algorithms to test whether or not "Microraptor" was capable of true, powered flight, in addition to gliding. The data showed that "Microraptor" could sustain some level powered flight, so it is possible that the animal flew as well as glided.

Opera (web browser)

Opera is a web browser that formerly included e-mail, webfeed reader, and IRC Chat. There are versions available for several operating systems. These include Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, FreeBSD, and Linux. There are also version for mobile phones, personal digital assistants, game consoles, and interactive televisions.

Opera is developed by Opera Software which is based in Oslo, Norway.

Opera was created in 1994 at Telenor, which is Norway's largest telecommunications company. In 1995, Opera became its own company called Opera Software ASA.

Opera was first released publicly with version 2.0 in 1996, which only ran on Microsoft Windows. With the release of Opera 4.0 in the year 2000, other operating systems were supported.



Orange

Orange can mean:

Places in the United States:

Places in South Africa:

Other places in the world:

Orange (fruit)

The term orange can mean any citrus tree that produces fruit for people to eat. Oranges are a very good source of Vitamin C. Orange juice is an important part of many people's breakfast. The "sweet orange", which is the kind that are most often eaten today, grew first in South and East Asia but now grows in lots of parts of the world.

Oranges are round, orange-coloured fruit that grow on a tree which can reach 10 metres (33 ft) high. Orange trees have dark green shiny leaves and small white flowers with five petals. The flowers smell very sweet which attracts many bees.

An orange has a tough shiny orange skin that holds acid in outside layer. Inside, the fruit is divided into "segments", which have thin tough skins that hold together many little "vesicles" with juice inside. There are usually ten segments in an orange, but sometimes there are more or less. Inside each segment of most types of orange there are seeds called "pips". Orange trees can be grown from pips, but some types of orange trees can only be grown from "cuttings" (a piece cut off a tree and made to grow roots). The segments and the skin are separated by white stringy fibrous material called "pith". In most types of oranges, the skin can be peeled off the pith, and the segments can be pulled apart with the fingers to be eaten. In some oranges it is hard to take the skin off. Orange skin is often called "orange peel".

Oranges are an important food source in many parts of the world for several reasons. They are a commonly available source of vitamin C. They last longer than many other fruits when they are stored. They are easy to transport because each orange comes in its own tough skin which acts as a container. They can be piled into heaps or carried in bags, lunchboxes and shipping containers without being easily damaged.

The colour orange got its name from the fruit. The word "orange" is unusual because it is one of only a few English words that do not rhyme with anything.

The orange is particularly used in Asia for wide variety of purposes including cosmetic as well as medicinal. Doctors prescribe oranges for people who suffer from diabetes.

Sweet orange trees were brought to Italy, Spain and Portugal from India in the fifteenth century (1400's). Before that time, only sour oranges were grown in Italy. The name is from a Tamil word, via Persian and Arabic. From Europe, orange trees were taken to the United States, South America, Africa and Australia, which all grow oranges for sale.

There are several different types of sweet oranges. One of the most common types is called the "Valencia" orange, which comes from Spain and is also grown in Africa and Australia. It is one of the most important "commercial" oranges. (This means it is grown for sale in shops.)

One type of sweet orange is called the "blood orange" or "sanguine orange" (sanguine means blood red). These oranges often have red marks on the skin, and some parts of the inside look as if they have blood in them. Some blood oranges make juice that is ruby red.

In the 1850s, in Brazil, a tree growing in a monastery garden was making very odd fruit. Inside each orange skin there was a large orange with no seeds. At the bottom of the orange were smaller sections that looked like a smaller squashed orange inside the same skin, which was really the bigger orange's twin. The little orange made a strange bump at the bottom of the orange skin, that looked just like a human navel or belly button. These oranges were named "Navel Oranges". They tasted very sweet, they had no seeds and they peeled quite easily. This made them a very good orange to grow commercially. But they could not grow from seed. They could only grow from plant cuttings. Nowadays, thousands of these orange trees have been planted from cuttings. "Navel Oranges" are grown in California and exported to many countries of the world. Every navel orange in the world has the same genetic make up as the oranges on that tree in the monastery in Brazil.

Mandarins, small flattened oranges with skins that come off easily, are believed to have come from China. Now there are several varieties. These include tangerines, which are redder than most mandarins, and clementines, which are large, smooth and plump. Mandarins of all sorts are very useful lunchbox fruit, because they are easy to peel and eat, but do not get squashed easily.

Nowadays, many people of the world eat an orange or drink orange juice every day, because oranges are one of the best and cheapest sources of Vitamin C. Human bodies, unlike many other animals, do not manufacture Vitamin C, so a human needs vitamin C in their diet regularly. Vitamin C helps the body to grow, to heal wounds and fight infection. Oranges are also a very good source of dietary fibre. But they do not contain high amounts of minerals. If a person eats an orange and a banana together, then they have had a very nourishing snack that supplies both vitamins and minerals. Oranges are sweet and juicy.




Diplodocus

Diplodocus is a huge dinosaur from the same time as the "Allosaurus". It lived during the Upper Jurassic period, about 145 to 155 million years ago. It was a vegetarian, eating mostly leaves with its peg-like teeth.

"Diplodocus" was a long-necked, whip-tailed giant and could grow up to 27 m long. It had an 8 m long neck and 14 m long tail. Its weight was approximately 22,680 kg. It had a short 6 ft long head. Its size helped protect it from other dinosaurs. It used its long neck to poke into forests because its body was too big. It is also believed to have knocked the trees down. The longest species is the "hallorum", which was thought to be the longest of all dinosaurs (now "Amphicoelias").

"Diplodocus" skeletons are among the longest dinosaur skeletons ever found. Fossils were discovered in Western North America, particularly in the Rocky Mountains of the western USA. A complete tail has never been found.

"Seismosaurus" was thought to be its own genus of dinosaur. In 2004 and 2006 it was decided to be a large species of "Diplodocus". It is now known as "Diplodocus hallorum".

"Seismosaurus" was the longest animal ever known, but paleontologists found they had misplaced vertebrae, making the body too long. Current length estimates are 33–36 metres long. Weight estimates vary from 40 to 60 tonnes. Weight estimates of other "Diplodocus" species are much lower: 10 to 17 tonnes.

Wash

Wash could mean:


Onion

Onions are plants in the genus, "Allium". They are eaten as vegetables. Most species of onions have bulbs that people can eat. They have a strong flavour and a very distinctive smell.

Onions have been grown for a long time. They were probably first grown in Ancient Egypt, together with leek and garlic, but maybe earlier. Now, most of the world's cultures eat onions.

Farmers and gardeners can grow onions from seeds or from bulbs. If they plant seeds, they must later pull out most of the young plants so the rest can grow better. This is called 'thinning'. A different way to plant onions is to plant young bulbs. This is faster, but the onions that grow this way are weaker than the onions that started as seeds.

Onions can be eaten in different ways:

When cutting an onion, the cells of the onion start to open. Then, some chemicals react. When one chemical floats through the air and reaches your eyes, they sting.
There are ways to keep the chemical away. You can:　

The ability of plants to deter or limit being eaten is called defence against herbivory.

Universal House of Justice

The Universal House of Justice is the name of a council that leads the Bahá'í community. It was described by the person who made the Bahá'í Faith, Bahá'u'lláh, in his books and letters. He called it the Supreme House of Justice. His son, `Abdu'l-Bahá called it the Universal House of Justice, because it was going to lead all of the Bahá'ís. There will be other "Houses of Justice" for each country and city, but for now these are called "Spiritual Assemblies." 

Bahá'ís vote for the members of this council every five years during a special festival held between April 20 and May 2. 

Logitech

Logitech (sometimes shortened to Logi) is a Swiss company that makes electronics. They are best known for making peripheral equipment for computers, including webcams, keyboards and computer mice.

Logitech was founded in Apples, Switzerland, in 1981 by graduates of Stanford University Daniel Borel and Pierluigi Zappacosta, and former Olivetti engineer Giacomo Marini.

In 2001, Logitech acquired Labtec for $150 million to expand its range of computer peripherals.

In 2007, Logitech licensed Hillcrest Labs' Freespace motion control technology to produce the MX Air Mouse, which allows a user to use natural gestures to control a PC.

In December 2009, Logitech acquired video conferencing equipment maker Lifesize Communications.

In July 2011, Logitech acquired the mobile visual communications provider Mirial.

In January 2013, Bracken Darrell became Logitech's chief executive officer; then-CEO Guerrino De Luca continued as Logitech's chairman of the board.

In January 2016, Logitech spun off the video conferencing equipment maker Lifesize.

In April 2016, Logitech agreed to pay penalty related to accusations that it and some former executives improperly inflated the company's results for its 2011 fiscal year to meet guidance and other accounting violations. 

On 12 April 2016, Logitech announced that they had agreed to acquire , a leader in wireless audio wearables for sports and active lifestyles, for , with an additional earnout of up to based on achievement of growth targets.

On 15 September 2016, Logitech announced that they had purchased the Saitek brand and assets from Mad Catz for .

On 26 September 2019, Logitech acquired Streamlabs, producer of software and tools for live-streaming, for approximately $89 million.

On 29 July 2021, Logitech, in collaboration with choreographer JaQuel Knight, introduced its #Creators4BIPOC initiative under the Logitech For Creators brand. It allows social media creators, particularly BIPOC influencers, to copyright and monetize their online creations by making it possible for choreographers who amplify attention to hits by major artists in the entertainment business to secure copyright of their choreography using Labanotation and earn royalties from it.

The first mice were made in Switzerland. Now Logitech makes its items all over the world. Selling computer mice made Logitech a big company. In 2008, Logitech made its billionth mouse.

As well as webcams, keyboards and mice, Logitech also makes other products such as:

Logitech has also made two computer games: "Jelly Jumper" and "Jelly Battle".


Bacteriophage

A bacteriophage is a virus that infects bacteria. The term is commonly shortened to phage.
Bacteriophages are among the most common and diverse entities in the biosphere. Like viruses that infect eukaryotes (plants, animals, and fungi) there are many different phage structures and functions.

The top of phages is made up of a dice-like shape which has 20 sides and 30 edges. Inside it contains the genetic information, which is its DNA. This dice-like shape often sits on a tail that has leg-like fibres.

Phages are typically made of an outer protein hull that has genetic material inside it. The genetic material may be single-stranded (ssRNA or ssDNA), or double-stranded (dsRNA or dsDNA). It may be between 5,000 and 500,000 base pairs long with either circular or linear arrangement. Bacteriophages are usually between 20 and 200 nanometers in size.

Phage genomes may code for as few as four genes, and as many as hundreds of genes. Phages have a life cycle that begins when the phage attaches to the bacterium. Then they inject their genome into the bacterium. The genome uses the parts of the bacterium to replicate inside it. When there are many phages inside the bacterium, they put enzymes in the bacterium that weaken the outer cell wall so they can burst through it to infect new bacterias.

Phages are everywhere there are bacteria, such as soils or the intestines of animals. They are very common in sea water: up to 9×10 virions per milliliter have been found in microbial mats at the surface, and up to 70% of marine bacteria may be infected by phages.

They have been used for over 90 years as an alternative to antibiotics in the former Soviet Union and Central Europe, as well as in France. However, it was not until the first phage was observed under an electron microscope by Helmut Ruska in 1939 that its true nature was established.

They are a possible therapy against antibiotic resistant strains of many bacteria. On the other hand, some phages complicate biofilms involved in pneumonia and cystic fibrosis. They shelter the bacteria from drugs and so prolong the infection.

Deconstruction

Deconstruction is a way of understanding how something was created, usually things like art, books, poems and other writing. Deconstruction is breaking something down into smaller parts. Deconstruction looks at the smaller parts that were used to create an object. The smaller parts are usually ideas. 

Sometimes deconstruction looks at how an author can imply things he does not mean. It says that because words are not precise, we can never know what an author meant.

Sometimes deconstruction looks at the things the author did not say because he made assumptions. 

One thing it pays attention to is how opposites work. (It calls them "binary oppositions.") It says that two opposites like "good" and "bad" are not really different things. "Good" only makes sense when someone compares it to "bad," and "bad" only makes sense when someone compares it to "good." And so even when someone talks about "good," they are still talking about "bad." But this is just one thing it does.

Because of things like this, deconstruction argues that books and poems never just mean what we think they mean at first. Other meanings are always there too, and the book or poem works because all of those meanings work together. The closer we look at the writing, the more we find about how it works, and how meaning works for all things. If we deconstructed everything, we might never be able to talk or write at all. But that does not mean deconstruction is useless. If we deconstruct some things, we can learn more about them and about how talking and writing work.

Words are made up of 'signifiers', or the sounds/spellings, and the 'signified', or the meaning and concepts they are talking about. However, the meaning of a word is naturally unclear; the word in itself and the meaning are not naturally linked. The word 'band' can refer to an elastic band, a pop music group, a gathering of brass musicians or a collection of people, each with different meanings and mental images. This means it is the reader who will choose the meanings of words. In a similar way, reading is like trying to hold a wet fish, because there are different meanings to each word. Jacques Derrida calls this "slippage along the chain of signifiers." 

The chain of signifiers is a long chain of words that are connected to each other, for example a chain might look like this: "band, brass, copper, police." This chain really has no end, because each word connects to many others, and the more slippery a word, the more words it relates to.

Deconstructionists question language and meaning. Some people who were very close to Derrida are usually called deconstructionists. These people include Helene Cixous and Jean-Luc Nancy. If someone really deconstructed everything, they could not talk or think! Instead there are people who deconstruct things (books, poems, writing, words - in short, texts). Jacques Derrida began deconstructing things in the 1960s, but he was not the first. Martin Heidegger had talked about deconstruction in 1927 with "Being and Time" but he used the word "destruktion". Heidegger might even say that he got the idea from Ancient Greek philosophers such as Plato and Aristotle. Other important people who talked about it include Paul de Man and Judith Butler.

Nihilism

Nihilism is a way of thinking which rejects meaning, concepts, or life. It can be a or a condition. Nihility means "nothingness", and "" is the Latin word for "nothing". Nihilism can mean the belief that values are meaningless ideas. It can also mean the belief that nothing has any meaning or purpose. There are many different beliefs that can be called nihilism. Friedrich Nietzsche was a German thinker who wrote many things about nihilism. What he wrote is often called the most important explanation of nihilism. Nietzsche wrote that nihilism comes from questioning traditional values until they fall apart. This is called "".

Russian thinkers like Mikhail Bakunin and Dmitry Pisarev inspired a lot of nihilists because they believed this kind of destruction was good. The word "nihilism" was also made popular by a Russian novel called "Fathers and Sons" by Ivan Turgenev. The hero of the story is a nihilist named Bazarov. Russian nihilism inspired many revolutionaries, like Sergei Nechaev and Vladimir Lenin. The Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky was almost also a nihilist. But he became an after ten years in exile. He wrote about nihilism in many novels such as "Crime and Punishment". The people who assassinated the Russian emperor, Tsar Alexander II on 13 March 1881, are often called nihilists too.

Nietzsche thought value destruction had bad results but couldn't be stopped. He also thought Christianity had made value destruction happen, and called it a type of nihilism. He thought Christianity was nihilistic because it was , meaning it has a negative and unhealthy attitude towards living. Religious thinkers have instead said that nihilism comes from rejecting religion. Sometimes people think parts of Buddhism are like nihilism, even though other parts reject nihilism. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the word "nihilism" was mostly used against people who rejected religion or believed in nothing. Either way, nihilism is often seen as a word for life-denying beliefs.


The word "nihilism" comes from "", which is the Latin word for "nothing". But the exact origins of the word "nihilism" are unknown. In the Middle Ages the word was used for some kinds of heresy. Around the time of the French Revolution, it was a word for the destruction of Christianity and traditional European values. It was used in many European countries. Soon, the word was also used in English. It probably came from the French, German, or Late Latin form of the word.

"Nihilism" first became a philosophical word in German, and then in Russian. These two meanings were combined by Friedrich Nietzsche.

In 1733, the word "nihilism" was used by a German writer named Friedrich Leberecht Goetz. He used the word as a literary term. A Swiss thinker called Jacob Hermann Obereit also used the word in 1787, and Friedrich Heinrich Jacobi did in 1799. This is where it first became part of philosophy. The belief that no one can know true reality is what Obereit called "nihilism". He used this definition to call Immanuel Kant a nihilist. This was because Kant said people cannot be certain of real things, but can only be certain about their experience of real things. Jacobi also used this definition to say Kant and his followers were nihilists. For example, he famously called Johann Gottlieb Fichte a nihilist. Jacobi thought German idealism and humanism were kinds of nihilism that came from the Age of Enlightenment. According to him, these so-called rational philosophies were the total opposite of rational.

Around 1824, a German journalist called Joseph von Görres used the word "nihilism" in a political way. He said that rejecting social structures was nihilism. But the word "nihilism" almost died out during this time. For example, the German thinker Max Stirner is called one of the first true nihilists but he never used the word. He wrote most of his works in the 1840s.

Russian nihilism was an early kind of nihilist philosophy. It was also a subculture that sometimes mixed with revolutionism. Russian nihilism is often wrongly called a kind of political terrorism because of this. Its main interest was to destroy traditional values, especially in art and religion. Its main philosophers were Nikolay Chernyshevsky and Dmitry Pisarev. It also attacked the belief in free will and God. German nihilism came from German idealism, but Russian nihilism was different because it attacked idealism.

Nikolai Nadezhdin was probably the first writer to use the word "nihilism" in Russian. He first used it in 1829 by calling scepticism the same as nihilism. And Vasilij Bervi used the same meaning. Russian journalists like Mikhail Katkov and Vissarion Belinsky also used the word. Katkov called nihilism because it rejected all morality. He worried it could cause a revolution. Belinsky used the word in a more neutral way. But the word was still not popular at the time.

Mikhail Bakunin is often called the father of Russian nihilism. In 1842, he wrote: "Let us therefore trust the eternal spirit which destroys and annihilates only because it is the unfathomable and eternal source of all life. The passion for destruction is a creative passion, too!". Then in the 1850s and 60s, the theory behind Russian nihilism started to form. Originally it was a philosophy of scepticism towards morals and truth. It was in 1862 that the Russian author Ivan Turgenev made the word "nihilism" popular. He used it in his novel called "Fathers and Sons" to describe the attitude of the younger generation. The nihilists in the book say they are people who reject that they can. Even though Turgenev was more of an , many young people started to call themselves "nihilists" because of this book.

For Pisarev, nihilism was mostly philosophical and not political. He thought extraordinary people should free themselves from rules and morals. He thought anyone who did this would be above ordinary people. But later, Russian nihilism became more and more political. It inspired many revolutionaries such as Sergei Nechaev and Vladimir Lenin.

Probably the most important explanation of nihilism comes from Friedrich Nietzsche. He wrote many criticisms against nihilism. But he also had some similar beliefs to nihilists like Dmitry Pisarev and Max Stirner. Because of this, he is sometimes called a nihilist and sometimes called an . His explanation of nihilism combined the German and Russian meanings of the word, and also went further.

When Nietzsche asks the question "What does nihilism mean?", his answer is that "the highest values themselves." He says nihilism is when someone thinks that what exist is not what exist. For example, some people want a perfect world to exist instead of the real world. But nihilism isn't just about wanting it all gone — Nietzsche says that nihilism is also trying to attack and destroy everything that exists.


 

Licensed to Ill

Licensed to Ill is the first album by the Beastie Boys. Beastie Boys is an American hip hop music group. The album was released in November 1986.



Coronary artery disease

Coronary artery disease, also called coronary heart disease, is a heart disease. ("Coronary" means "the blood vessels of the heart".) Coronary heart disease causes plaque to build up inside the coronary arteries. This causes the coronary arteries to become narrower. An artery is a blood vessel - a tube that carries blood. After the heart supplies blood that is full of oxygen and nutrients, the arteries carry the blood to different parts of the body. The coronary arteries are very important: they supply blood to the heart muscle. So when the coronary arteries become narrower, less blood gets to the heart muscle.
Most people with coronary artery disease feel healthy for years before they start experiencing symptoms. The most common symptom is a heart attack. If it is not treated, some of the plaques in the coronary arteries can break away and block the blood flow to the heart. Coronary artery disease is the most common cause of sudden death. It is also the most common cause of death in people over 65 years old. Men are 10 times more likely to get coronary artery disease than women.

Atherosclerosis is a form of heart disease. It causes fatty materials (like cholesterol) to build up in the arteries, forming harder materials called plaques. This causes the arteries to become narrower. It also makes it more difficult for blood to flow through the arteries. This can cause blood clots to form, blocking blood from traveling through the arteries. Small pieces of plaque can also break off and block smaller blood vessels.

If an artery becomes blocked completely, it causes serious problems. All cells, tissues, and organs in the body need oxygen and nutrients (carried by blood) to survive. If cells or tissues are not supplied with enough blood, they die. (This is called necrosis.) When this happens in the coronary arteries, a section of the heart dies. This can cause a myocardial infarction (a heart attack) to happen.

People can do many different things to keep themselves from getting coronary artery disease:

Fructose

Fructose is a simple sugar (monosaccharide) found in many foods. It is also one of the three most important blood sugars, the other two are glucose and galactose. Honey; tree fruits; berries; melons; and some root vegetables, such as beets, sweet potatoes, parsnips and onions, contain fructose, usually with sucrose and glucose. Processed foods also contain fructose due to how sweet it is.


Peer pressure

Peer pressure is influenced by the peer group members. It often happens to children during puberty. The group defines some social values. For somebody to stay "cool" in that group, they must act like other people. Social pressure (and wanting to be accepted or in favor inside the group) leads people to do things they would not do otherwise. For example, it can influence a person to smoke cigarettes or marijuana, to drink alcohol, commit crimes, and many other things that they might regret.Most of the time,adolescents create a peer group of their age to enjoy themselves. They have strong faith and belief in their friends of the same group. The new desires, aspirations, and interests are developed because of the changes they experience. They become sensitive and sentimental.

When parents and society do not consider and address their needs, aspirations, and desires, they feel dominated and leave home to spend most of their time with their friends in peer groups. Sometimes they cannot get proper counseling and guidelines in these stages. Consequently, sometimes, they can fall prey to many bad habits. There are many positives and negatives to peer pressure. 

Peer pressure is commonly thought of negatively, but in reality, it's not always a bad thing. Sometimes peer pressure is used to influence people positively. Learning about acceptable group norms can be a positive part of learning how to live with and socialize with other people. 

Positive peer pressure, in which people are influenced to do nice things like give to charity, is usually a good thing.

Cuticle

In biology, a cuticle is something that covers the outside of living things called organisms. Cuticles are usually tough but also bendable. In plants, cuticles in the leaves help it from losing too much water by evaporation.

Leek

Leek is a vegetable. It belongs to the genus "Allium". This is the same genus as the onion and garlic. It can be used for cooking.
They usually come in a cylinder like body and they are tall and skinny

Leeks take around 100 to 120 days to grow and they are mainly harvested in Europe or Asia they are planted in deep holes to prevent them from sun and to avoid photosynthesis. The soil is required to be fertile and allows water to travel without crating puddles or drain to quickly.

Leeks contain only contain 61 calories, 14.15 Carbohydrates, 1.5g of protein, 0.3g Fat, Vitamins A, C, E and K.

Great power

A great power is a nation or state that is able to influence other states in most of the world. That is possible because it has great economic, political and military strength. It is not as powerful as a superpower or hyperpower.

Its opinions are taken into account by other nations before taking diplomatic or military action. Characteristically, they have the ability to intervene militarily almost anywhere. They also have soft, cultural power, and often economic investment in less developed countries. There is no definite list, but five great powers are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and seven are in the G7.

The world's great powers as of the early 21st century are at least:





Bite

A bite is a wound received from the teeth of an animal. Animals may bite things in self-defence. Animals also bite things to cut them into smaller pieces before they eat them.

Bites can cause many medical problems, such as:

Bite wounds should be washed, ideally with povidone-iodine soap and water. The injury should then be loosely wrapped with a bandage. Open bite wounds are not sutured because of the risk of infection.

Animal bites caused by carnivores (other than rodents) may infect the victim with rabies if the animal that bit them carries it. If possible, the animal is caught and the head is looked at for signs of rabies. Signs of rabies include foaming at the mouth, self-mutilation, growling, jerky behaviour, and red eyes. If the animal lives for ten days and does not develop rabies, then the animal probably is not infected. In cases where the animal cannot be found, prophylactic rabies treatment is carried out in most places.

Many of the world's snakes are not considered dangerous to humans, but even a bite from a "safe" snake may injure the victim if the wound is not treated properly, and large snakes such as constrictors are capable of causing a lot of damage with their bites.

The black widow spider and some scorpions are considered dangerous to humans, mostly to small children and elderly adults. Only the Sydney funnel-web spider of Australia is frequently dangerous to adults, and it lives only within 100 miles of Sydney. Antivenins are available in the United States for black widow spiders and the dangerous scorpions native to the region.

Northern Europe

Northern Europe is the northern part of the European continent. Most people see the following states as part of it:

Europe, the planet's 6th largest continent, includes 47 countries and assorted dependencies, islands and territories. 

Before the 19th century, the term 'Nordic' or 'Northern' was commonly used to mean Northern Europe in a sense that included the Nordic countries, European Russia, the Baltic countries (at that time Livonia and Courland) and Greenland.

In earlier eras, when Europe was dominated by the Mediterranean region (i.e. the Roman Empire), everything not near this sea was termed Northern Europe, including Germany, the Low Countries, and Austria. In medieval times, the term (Ultima) Thule was used to mean a semi-mythical place in the extreme northern reaches of the continent.

In a European Union context, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Austria, Luxembourg, Belgium, Netherlands, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are often seen as belonging to a Northern group.

Western Europe

Western Europe is a geographic region of Europe. This term does not have an exact definition. Some definitions include countries like Spain and the United Kingdom, while some don't. Its use has changed over time. During the Middle Ages, the European parts of the Western World included those countries following Catholicism or Protestantism. During the Cold War, "Western Europe" was a geographic and socio-political concept. It meant the democratic European countries of the First World, which are also vaguely defined. It was and still is distinguished from Eastern Europe by differences of economics, politics, and religion. 

At its widest medieval definition, it includes the following 23 countries:

Many, such as Norway, are also in Northern Europe or in Central Europe or Southern Europe.

Today, the term "Western Europe" has to do with geography and with economics. The concept is commonly associated with liberal democracy, socialism and also with the European Union, though that also has some countries of Eastern Europe.

Most of the countries in the region share Western culture, and many have economic, and political ties with countries in North and South America and Oceania.

In addition, Scandinavia (in Northern Europe) is commonly associated with social democracy and remains fairly neutral throughout international disputes. The Iberian Peninsula, the most western part of Europe is similarly closely linked to the Americas.

It is a monotonous area with long and irregular coastlines.

Furnace

A Furnace is a device used for heating. It does this through burning propane, natural gas, other something else flammable. The word has different meanings, though:

Southern Europe

Southern Europe is a region of the European continent. The official definition of Southern Europe includes the Iberian Peninsula, Italian Peninsula and Balkan Peninsula. Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece and all northern Mediterranean countries of the European continent are considered part of Southern Europe.
Most importantly, in a European Union context, Portugal, Spain, France, Italy, Malta, Greece, Cyprus, Croatia and Slovenia officially belong to the Group of the South.

Geographically, Southern Europe would be the south half of the landmass of Europe. This definition is relative, with no clear limits.
The Alps mountains are a physical barrier between Italy and the rest of Europe.

For its official works and publications, the United Nations Organization has its own special definition of regions. Corsica for example is part of France, thus not part of Southern Europe, but Italian South Tyrol belongs to Southern Europe as it is part of Italy.

The climatic definition of southern Europe would be similar to the areas of Mediterranean climate. The Mediterranean climate is often thought to be a typical characteristic of Southern Europe. 

Countries of Latin Europe are often associated with the concept of Southern Europe, especially Italy, Spain and Portugal. 
Greece, Malta and Cyprus are also associated with the concept of Southern Europe, even though Cyprus is geographically in Asia.

Although there is no precise definition, the following territories are commonly thought to be parts of Southern Europe:


Corsica

Corsica is the fourth largest island in the Mediterranean Sea (after Sicily, Sardinia, and Cyprus). It is west of Italy, southeast of France, and north of the island of Sardinia.

Corsica is one of the administrative regions of France.

Corsica is famous for its tourist attractions, and as the birthplace of Napoléon Bonaparte.

Corsica has 1,000 km of coastline and more than 200 beaches, and is very mountainous, with Monte Cinto as the highest peak at 2706m and 20 other peaks of more than 2000m.

Big towns: ("Corsican names")

Other towns and villages:

Corsica is the most mountainous Mediterranean island. The low ground has a Mediterranean climate. Summers are hot and dry. Winters are mild with moderate rainfall. The climate of the high ground is cold and is wetter. The natural vegetation is Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and shrubs. The mountains are rich of forests of oak, and pine, except for the high ground. Much of the coastal lowlands has been cleared for agriculture, which has reduced the mountain forests considerably. The island has a natural park (Parc Naturel Régional de Corse), which protects thousands of rare animal and plant species. The park was created in 1972 and includes the Golfe de Porto, the Réserve Naturelle de Scandola (a UNESCO World Heritage Site), and some of the highest mountains on the island. This park is protected.


The capital of the territorial collectivity of Corsica is Ajaccio (). The territorial collectivity is divided in two "départements": Corse-du-Sud and Haute-Corse. These two "départements" were created on September 15, 1975 by the "département" of Corse.

Tourism is the biggest source of Corsican economy. The island has a pleasant climate, beautiful mountains and really beautiful coastlines that make it a popular destination among the French and other Western Europeans. However, the island has not had the same level of intensive development as other parts of the Mediterranean. Tourism is particularly concentrated in the area around Porto Vecchio and Bonifacio in the south of the island and Calvi in the northwest.

Corsica is currently governed almost as any other "région" of France. There are lots of movements on the island the independence of Corsica and of Corsicans from France. The French government is against full independence. There is support on the island for to have more autonomy, but polls show that a large majority of Corsicans are opposed to full independence. Some groups who claim to support Corsican independence have carried out a violent campaign since the 1970s that includes bombings and a few accidental assassinations, usually against "pieds-noirs" and other non-Corsicans, or buildings of the French government. Corsican independence groups attack when they are sure there won't be a danger for victims. However, not all groups for independence has "nice treaties", Sometimes independence groups are known to practice extortion and other intimidatory tactics, similar to mafia activity in Sicily and southern Italy. Non-Corsican homeowners may be threatened with the destruction of their home, or they are constrict to pay a "revolutionarian tax",for to help the groups in the attacks.

In 2000, Prime Minister Lionel Jospin agreed to give more autonomy to Corsica but just for stopping the violence. The propose of autonomy for Corsica would have included greater protection for the Corsican language (Corsu), the island's traditional language (which is also considered to be a dialect of Italian). However, the plans for increased autonomy were opposed by the Gaullist opposition in the French National Assembly. In a referendum on July 6,2003, a narrow majority of Corsican voters opposed to the project from the government of Jean-Pierre Raffarin and Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy that would have suppressed the two "départements" of the island and granted more autonomy to the territorial collectivity of Corsica.

In Corsica the official language is French, but lots of people speak, "u corsu", the language of Corsica, protected by UNESCO. Corsu shares some similarities with Tuscan dialects (with their accents) or to Gallurese language, spoken in the nearby island of Sardinia. Corsu has two varietes, "Supranacciu", common in the northeast of theisland, (Bastia, Corte), and the "Suttanacciu" common in the south of the island, (Ajaccio, Sartene). The native Corsican language is closer to Italian than French, but both come from Latin. The ancient Romans spoke Latin.

In Corsica, football is a very common sport. The island has in the first league of France ('Ligue 1'), 2 teams. The AC Ajaccio and the SC Bastia. Another very famous sport in Corsica, is volleyball, with the "GFCO Ajaccio Volley-Ball' team.


Maser

A maser is a device that produces light and heat by using atoms to release energy. It was invented by Charles Hard Townes in the 1950s. A maser takes the small vibrations in atoms and amplifies them to release electromagnetic radiation. Originally, they were referred to by the acronym MASER or 'Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation. Unlike most radio transmitters, maser waves tend to have very similar wavelengths. Their usage was first predicted by Albert Einstein. In the 1960s masers were made to emit optical wavelengths, and soon were called lasers.

World Wide Web Consortium

The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is an organization created by Sir Tim Berners-Lee, in order to continue the development of the web, and its languages. Tim Berners-Lee also wants to make standards for the languages, and to improve them. As of 2 April 2010, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has 328 Members.

As of 29 March 2012, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has 351 members.

As of 9 June 2014, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has 384 Members.


List of pterosaurs

This is a list of pterosaurs.



























Deinonychus

Deinonychus was a medium theropod dinosaur. It was a dromaeosaur, and also a larger relative of the famous "Velociraptor". This 3.4 meter (11 ft) long "Deinonychus" lived during the Lower Cretaceous, about 115-108 million years ago. Fossils have been found in the U.S. states of Montana, Wyoming, and Oklahoma.

"Deinonychus" is perhaps the single most important dinosaur discovered in the mid 20th century.

Paleontologist John Ostrom's study of "Deinonychus" in the late 1960s started the debate on whether dinosaurs were warm-blooded. It is now accepted that all or most smaller theropods had feathers whose function was temperature regulation. Ostrom noted the small body, sleek, horizontal, posture, and the enlarged claws on the feet, which suggested the animal was an active, agile predator. Before this, the popular idea of dinosaurs had been one of plodding, reptilian giants.

"Deinonychus" means 'Terrible claw'. This refers to the large, sickle-shaped claw bone on the second toe of each hind foot. In life, a horny sheath over this bone extended the length. Ostrom reconstructed the claw as over long.

The species name "antirrhopus" means “counter balance”. This refers to Ostrom's idea that the tail balanced the front of the body. As in other dromaeosaurs, the tail vertebrae have ossified (bony) tendons and super-long bone processes. These features seemed to make the tail into a stiff counterbalance. A fossil of the closely related "Velociraptor" has an connected tail skeleton that is curved side to side in a long S–shape. This suggests that, in life, the tail could swish to the sides with some flexibility.

"Deinonychus" remains have been found near those of the ornithopod "Tenontosaurus". Teeth discovered near "Tenontosaurus" specimens suggest it was hunted or at least scavenged by "Deinonychus".

Cheerleader

A cheerleader is a person who does cheerleading, or leads cheers for sporting events or during competition. This is usually done as a group. It is done to keep the spirit of a sports team up. 

This sport is originally from the United States. It was first seen in the beginning of the 1900s. It was, and is still used to support a local sports group (for example football). 

Because of the athletic ability often needed in cheerleading, many people think cheerleading is a sport. Cheerleaders perform routines that include dancing, tumbling, cheering, stunting and jumping. Cheerleading teams can compete in competitions against other cheer teams as well as perform for different sporting events.


My Opera Community

The My Opera Community is a virtual community, which provides help and social networking services for people who use the Opera browser.

The My Opera Community started in August 2001 and was shut down after February 2014. It currently has over 16,000,000 members, who are from all over the world.


Permanent

Permanent used as an adjective usually means that something will stay for a long time or forever. Its opposite is temporary. Permanent may also mean other things.


Linen

Linen is a material made from the fibers of the flax plant ("Linum usitatissimum"). It is mainly used to make cloth, especially for light clothing and table coverings.

The flax plant is one of the plants humans have grown and used. Linen cloth was already made at least 6,000 years ago in Egypt and Mesopotamia. This makes linen one of the oldest fibers and cloths used by humans, besides wool and hemp. Linen and hemp were the most important fiber plants in Europe for a long time. Linen was for example also used to wrap Egyptian mummies.

In recent centuries linen has largely been replaced by cotton and synthetic materials, which are cheaper.

Hieroglyph

Hieroglyphs, or hieroglyphics, are a type of writing that uses ideogram, symbols or pictures to stand for sounds and words. The Egyptians, Luwians and Mayan cultures are among those who used hieroglyphs. They have also been found in Turkey, Crete, United States and Canada.

They are thought to have started when pictures were used to tell stories on pots and other artwork. Over time, the pictures became letters.

The word "hieroglyph" comes from the Greek words ἱερός (hierós 'sacred') and γλύφειν (glúphein 'to carve' or 'to write'), and it was first used to mean Egyptian hieroglyphs. The Greeks who came to Egypt saw the picture letters, which were often found carved on house walls, tombs and monuments.

Ancient Egyptians used pictures to make a phonetic alphabet as in a rebus, so that each sound could be written with a picture-word, a "phonogram" or "pictograph". For example, a zig-zag for water n came to mean the letter "n", because the Egyptian word for water started with n. This same picture became our letter 'M' in the Latin alphabet, because the Semitic word for water started with m, and Semitic workers changed the symbols to fit sounds in their own language. In the same way, our Latin letter 'N' came from the hieroglyph for snake D as the word for "snake" started with n in Semitic. In Egyptian, this picture had stood for a sound like English "J" because of their word for snake. Some pictures came to represent ideas, and these are known as "ideograms".

The Egyptians used between 700 or 800 pictures, or glyphs. They were written from right to left and from top to bottom. They did not use punctuation.

Archaeologists believe that the Egyptians began using hieroglyphs about 3300 or 3200 BCE. They were in use for more than 3500 years. Only the nobles, priests and government officials wrote in hieroglyphs. They were hard to learn and took a long time to write. People stopped using hieroglyphs when Christianity took hold in Egypt. Writing in hieroglyphs became more rare: the last known inscription was made in 394 CE.

Hieroglyphs, like Japanese or Chinese characters, started out as ideographic characters, or writing made of pictures. The ancient writing has no vowels, and all sounds in the writing are consonants.

After the end of the Egyptian civilization in 30 BCE, people no longer knew how to read the hieroglyphs. When the French took over Egypt in 1798, French soldiers found a large stone. This is now called the Rosetta Stone. The Rosetta Stone had writing in three different languages: hieroglyphs, Ancient Greek and demotic (a simplified form of hieroglyphs). Jean François Champollion guessed that the writing on the stone was the same in three different languages. By using the Ancient Greek, he was able to work out the name of the ruler, Ptolemy V, in hieroglyphs. After many years of study, he was then able to work out how to read the other words.

A type of hieroglyphs was also used on Crete and the surrounding islands in the 2nd millennium BCE. This writing system developed into a script called Linear A. For some time, both writing systems were used. Of the 137 symbols are known, several resemble pictograms. 96 of the 137 known hieroglyphs occur in "words" and 32 seem to be logograms.

There are four numerals that represent 1, 10, 100 and 1000, respectively, and a symbol that looks like a small cross: it probably shows the beginning of the text. Because there are relatively few symbols, the writing is probably syllabic, much like Linear A. Most of the known texts are short: occur on sigils and clay shards.


Papyrus

MEN is a kind of paper that was used in Ancient Egypt for writing. It was first made in the 3rd millennium BC. It was made from a kind of reed called "Cyperus papyrus". 

This plant grows in marshy areas around the Nile river. The Egyptians also used the papyrus plants to make boats, mattresses, mats, rope, sandals, and baskets. 

Specially cultivated papyrus, grown on plantations, was used to make the writing material. Papyrus was first used in Ancient Egypt, but it was later used elsewhere in the Mediterranean region.


Sodium hypochlorite

Sodium hypochlorite is an unstable compound composed of sodium and hypochlorite ions. It is stable in solution, though. It is light green and has the chemical formula NaClO (or NaOCl). It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is used to disinfect (kill bacteria) and as a bleach to remove stains from clothing. It is not good for cotton because the sodium hydroxide normally contained eats away the clothing fibers. It reacts with acids to produce chlorine.


Raisin

Raisins are dried grapes. They have a lot of sugar. Raisins are made in many parts of the world. Raisins can be eaten raw or as part of a recipe. They are well known for being a high protein snack with 500 milligrams of protein.

Taste bud

Taste buds are small 'bumps' on the tongue. They are the sense organs which detect the taste of things that go into the mouth. They are involved in detecting the five (known) elements of taste perception: salty, sour, bitter, sweet, and umami. 


Nectar

Nectar, in botany, is a clear liquid made by the flowers of plants. It is sweet because it has sugar in it. Plants make nectar to attract pollinating animals. It is made in glands called nectaries. The nectaries are usually at the bottom of the perianth of the flower. This means the animal trying to get the nectar has to touch the parts of the plant that are used for reproduction. By doing this, the animal getting the nectar helps the plants reproduce.

Some plants make nectar outside the flower. These plants do it to attract predatory insects. These insects will eat both the nectar and any plant-eating insects found near the plant.

Nectar is economically important because it is where the sugar for honey comes from. It is also useful in agriculture and horticulture because the adults of many predatory insects, as well as hummingbirds, eat nectar. Some plants give off very rich scents.Plants need water warmth and sunlight 

Extrafloral nectaries (not in the flower) are specialised nectar-secreting plant glands. They develop outside flowers, and are not involved in pollination.

In contrast to floral nectaries, nectar produced outside the flower generally has a defensive function. The nectar attracts predatory insects which will eat both the nectar and any plant-eating insects around, they work as 'bodyguards'.

Extrafloral nectaries have been reported in over 3941 species of vascular plants belonging to 745 genera and 108 families, 99.7% of which belong to flowering plants (angiosperms). This is 1.0 to 1.8% of all known species. They are most common among eudicots, occurring in 3642 species (of 654 genera and 89 families). They often occur in rosids.

Hunting dog

A hunting dog is any dog who helps humans in hunting. There are several types of hunting dogs. The major categories of hunting dog include hounds, terriers, cur type dogs, and gun dogs. These categories have smaller groups in them that are based on different things the dogs are good at doing.

There are two types of hounds, "sight hounds" and "scent hounds". The difference between them is if they use sight or smell to find what they are hunting for. They are often used to hunt animals with fur. In America, raccoon, coyote, and large predators are hunted with hounds, and traditionally in Britain hounds were used to hunt the fox.

These dogs are also called bird dogs. They are used by hunters who carry shotguns to hunt small animals. Gun dogs come in three main classes. The classes are "retriever"s, "flushing spaniels", and "pointing breeds".
The main job of a retriever is to get the animal after the hunter shoots it. Retrievers are very good in the water and often used by hunters shooting ducks.

Flushing spaniels are used when birds being hunted are found in areas where they can hide, for example high grass. The spaniel will run through the grass. This makes the birds fly into the air so the hunter can shoot them. Spaniels stay close to the hunter so when the birds start to fly, the hunter is close enough to shoot them.

Pointers find birds then stand still and point at where the bird is. They often are farther away from the hunter than a spaniel would be. By pointing instead of flushing the bird out, they give the hunter time to get close enough to shoot the bird.

These dogs are almost always used to hunt mammals. Terriers are used to find the den or living space of the animal. They will go into where the animal lives and either force it to run out or they will kill it. Many of the animals hunted with terriers are animals that cause damage, for example, ground hogs, fox and badger.

Curs are used in the same way as terriers but on larger animals. Curs are used to hunt boars, raccoon, cougars, and other large mammals

Purebred dog

Purebred dogs are dogs whose ancestors are all the same breed.

A breed of dog is a particular subspecies that has been bred through time to exhibit certain characteristics, for example a bulldog is bred to be short and have a flat nose while a greyhound is bred to be light and run fast. Some dogs are bred to look special which is why poodles have fluffy hair.

MTR

The Mass Transit Railway or MTR (in Chinese, 香港鐵路有限公司, literally "Hong Kong Railway Company"; or 港鐵 for short) is the main rapid transit railway system in Hong Kong. Since the MTR service first opened in 1979, the network has grown to more than 150 stations. Built and run by MTR Corporation Limited, the MTR system is a very popular mode of public transport in Hong Kong, with around 2.46 million passengers riding each day.

Hong Kong's growing economy and the quick increase in population created a lot of traffic problems. The Hong Kong government made a study of these problems. The first line was opened in 1979. The MTR was quickly popular, so later they built more lines to cover more ground. 

During the 1960s, the government of Hong Kong thought they need to accommodate increasing road traffic that growing Hong Kong's economy would bring. British transport consultants Freeman, Fox, Wilbur Smith & Associates were appointed to study the transport system of Hong Kong. The consultants released the "Hong Kong Mass Transport Study" in September 1967, which proposed the construction of a mass transport underground railway system in Hong Kong.

In 1970, an underground network with four lines was laid out and planned as part of the British consultants' new report, "Hong Kong Mass Transit: Further Studies". The four lines were to be the Kwun Tong Line, Tsuen Wan Line, Island Line, and East Kowloon Line. However, the lines that were eventually constructed were somewhat different.

In 1972, the Hong Kong government authorised construction of the "Initial System", a 20-km system that roughly translates to the Kwun Tong Line today (except the line now extends to Tiu Keng Leng). Negotiations with four major construction consortia started in 1973. The government's intention was to tender the entire project, based on the British design, as a single tender at a fixed price. A consortium from Japan signed an agreement to construct the system in early 1974, but in December of the same year it pulled out from the agreement, because of the Arab oil crisis.

In early 1975, a government agency known as the Mass Transport Provisional Authority was established to take charge of the project. It announced that the Initial System would be slightly reduced to 15.6 kilometres, and renamed it the Modified Initial System. Plans for a single contract were also abandoned in favour of 25 engineering contracts and 10 electrical and mechanical contracts.

In addition, the government-owned Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway Corporation (MTRC) was established to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority. (This was the company succeeded by the MTR Corporation Limited on 30 June 2000)

Construction of the Modified Initial System (now part of Kwun Tong Line and Tsuen Wan Line) started in November 1975. On 1 October 1979, the northern section was opened, with trains running from Shek Kip Mei to Kwun Tong. The route from Tsim Sha Tsui to Shek Kip Mei was opened in December of the same year.

In 1980, the first harbour crossing was made by an MTR train as the Kwun Tong Line was extended to Chater station, now known as Central station. Trains were extended to six cars.

The government approved construction of the Tsuen Wan Line in 1977 and works commenced in November 1978. This was a10.5-kilometre section from Prince Edward to Tsuen Wan. The line started service on 10 May 1982 with a total cost of construction (not adjusted for inflation) at HK$4.1 billion.

When service of this line started, the section of the Kwun Tong Line from Chater to Argyle, present-day Mong Kok station, was transferred to the Tsuen Wan Line. Waterloo became the terminus of the Kwun Tong Line, and both Argyle and Prince Edward stations became interchange stations. This change was made because system planners expected traffic of the Tsuen Wan Line would exceed that of the Kwun Tong Line. A bypass was needed from the northwestern New Territories to Hong Kong Island. Launched in 1998, the Tung Chung Line serves that purpose.

Since the line's opening in 1982, this is the only line whose alignment has virtually remained the same for the past 23 years. For example, the Kwun Tong Line's alignment has changed for 2 times since its opening - the taking over of Tsuen Wan Line from Mong Kok to Central, and the taking over of Eastern Harbour Crossing section by the Tseung Kwan O Line.

Government approvals were granted for construction of the Island Line in December, 1980. Construction commenced in October, 1981. On 31 May 1985 the Island Line was opened with service between Admiralty and Chai Wan stations. Both Admiralty and Central stations became interchange stations with the Tsuen Wan Line. Furthermore, each train was extended to eight cars.

On 23 May 1986, service reached Sheung Wan station. Construction for this station was delayed for one year as government offices which sat on top of the station had to be removed to a new location before construction could start.

In 1984, the government approved the construction of the Eastern Harbour Crossing, a tunnel to be used by cars and MTR trains. The Kwun Tong Line was extended across the harbour to Quarry Bay, which became an interchange station for the Kwun Tong Line and the Island Line. The extension was launched on 5 August 1989. An intermediate station, Lam Tin, started operations on 1 October 1989.

The decision was made in October 1989 to construct a new international airport at Chek Lap Kok on Lantau Island to replace the overcrowded Kai Tak International Airport. The government invited the MTR to build a train line, then known as the Lantau Airport Railway, to the airport. But construction did not begin until the Chinese and British governments settled their financial and land disagreements in November 1994.

In the end, the new line was included in the financing plans of the new Hong Kong International Airport as the airport was not considered viable without direct public transport links. Construction costs were also shared by the MTR which was granted many large-scale developments in the construction plans for the new stations.

The Lantau Airport Railway turned into two MTR lines, the Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express. The Tung Chung Line was officially opened on 21 June 1998 by Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa, and service commenced the next day. The Airport Express opened for service on 6 July 1998 along with the new Hong Kong International Airport.

The Airport Express line is the second most popular means of transport to the Airport. In 2005, 22% of the commuters took the Airport Express to and from the airport.

The Quarry Bay Congestion Relief Works involved extending the Hong Kong Island end of the Kwun Tong Line from Quarry Bay to North Point via a 4.2–kilometre tunnel. The project was started due to overcrowding at Quarry Bay and persistent passenger complaints about the five-minute walk from the Island Line platforms to the Kwun Tong Line platform. Construction began in September 1997 and was completed in September 2001 at a cost of HK$3.0 billion (US$385 million). The tried-and-true cross-platform interchange arrangement is repeated here.

Construction of the Tseung Kwan O Line was approved on 18 August 1998 to serve new housing developments. Construction began on 24 April 1999 and the line officially opened in 2002, taking over the train tracks running through the Eastern Harbour Tunnel from the Kwun Tong Line, running from Po Lam to North Point. When the line was opened, the Kwun Tong Line was diverted to Tiu Keng Leng on the new line. Construction costs were partly covered by the Hong Kong Government and private developers which linked construction of the Tseung Kwan O Line to new real estate and commercial developments. Previously less developed areas were opened up for development with more transport options.

While the construction of the Tung Chung Line was still underway, the plan to build a railway corridor serving the northwestern New Territories was conceived. Space had been reserved for the addition of an interchange station and two extra tracks (to allow nonstop service for the Airport Express) between Olympic and Lai King. Originally known as the Airport Railway Phase 2, the contracts of the West Rail Line Interface Works were awarded shortly after construction works of the West Rail commenced. The project comprised Mei Foo Interchange (modification of the existing Mei Foo station on the Tsuen Wan Line to provide a pedestrian link to the West Rail Line Mei Foo Station); Nam Cheong Station (an interchange station on the Tung Chung Line, jointly operated by the MTRCL and KCRC) and quadruplication works (the additional two tracks, four kilometres in length, allow the Tung Chung Line trains to stop at Nam Cheong without blocking the passage of Airport Express trains).

The works were completed in stages. The Tung Chung Line trains have been diverted to the new track since mid May 2003, whereas the Mei Foo station interchange subway and the Nam Cheong station were opened at the same time the West Rail Line opened for public use in December 2003. The Kowloon Southern Link extension from Nam Cheong Station to East Tsim Sha Tsui Station was opened on 16 August 2009, with West Rail Line trains now terminating at Hung Hom Station, interchange station for East Rail Line.

The interchange between the Tsuen Wan Line and the Kwun Tong Line, the Island Line and the Tseung Kwan O Line, as well as that between the Kwun Tong Line and the Tseung Kwan O Line, are two stations long, allowing cross-platform interchange wherein a passenger leaves a train on one side of the platform and boards trains on the other side of the platform for another line. For example, when passengers are travelling on the Kwun Tong Line towards Tiu Keng Leng, getting off at Yau Tong would allow them to switch trains across the platform for the Tseung Kwan O Line towards North Point. Whereas, staying on the train and reaching Tiu Keng Leng would allow them to board the Tseung Kwan O Line trains towards Po Lam/LOHAS Park. This design makes interchanging more convenient and passengers do not have the need to change to different levels. However this interchange arrangement is not available for all transferring passengers at Kowloon Tong, Central, Hong Kong, Nam Cheong (Except transfer between Tuen Mun and Hong Kong bound trains), Mei Foo, Tai Wai Station (Except alighting from Ma On Shan Line to change southbound trains for East Rail Line) and Sunny Bay (Except alighting from Tung Chung bound trains to Disneyland Resort Line) stations, mainly because this service is available only when there are two continuous stations shared as interchange stations by two lines.

Two major works were undertaken to facilitate interchange between Kwun Tong Line and East Rail Line. The modification of Kowloon Tong Station started in June 2001. A new pedestrian link to Kowloon Tong Station southern concourse and a new entrance (Exit D) were opened on 15 April 2004 to cope with the increase in interchange passenger flow. Modification to Tsim Sha Tsui Station involved upgrading station facilities and concourse layout to facilitate access from the East Tsim Sha Tsui Station via its pedestrian links. New entrances to the subway links were opened on 19 September 2004 (Exit G) and 30 March 2005 (Exit F), with the whole scheme completed in May 2005.

The Ma On Shan Line was constructed by the KCR to serve Ma On Shan and City One residential areas and operation of the line was outsourced to the MTR. The system mostly runs on a viaduct between the middle of roads with stations, stopping right next to major buildings. The only time the trains don't run on viaducts is when the railway meets the route 2 highway, where it runs in the middle and then raises back to a viaduct. The railway is slightly different from all other Hong Kong railways because the trains run on the right, not the left; this is so that passengers can easily interchange from the Ma On Shan line to the East Rail Line towards Hong Hum. The majority of passengers using the line get off the train at Tai Wai to interchange to the East Rail Line, using the line as a feeder route.

The Disneyland Resort Line, previously known as Penny's Bay Rail Link, provides service to the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort which was opened on 12 September 2005. Service to Sunny Bay station on the Tung Chung Line started in 2005. The new line and the Disneyland Resort station opened on 1 August 2005. It is a 3.5–kilometre single-track railway that runs between Sunny Bay station and Disneyland Resort station. The Disneyland Resort station itself was designed to blend in with the ambience of the resort. The line currently operates fully automated, trains running every four to ten minutes without a driver, and the carriages were changed from the existing M-Train rolling stock to match the recreational and adventurous nature of the 3.5-minute journey.

The AsiaWorld-Expo Station is an extension of the Airport Express serving the AsiaWorld-Expo at Hong Kong International Airport. The station opened on 20 December 2005 along with the exhibition centre. Airport Express trains were expanded to eight carriages from the previous seven. There are additional trains on the Tung Chung line during major exhibitions and events.

On 5 October 2000, the operator of the MTR network, MTR Corporation Limited (MTRCL), became Hong Kong's first rail company to be privatised, marking the beginning of the Hong Kong government's initiative to dissolve its interests in public utilities. Prior to its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Mass Transit Railway Corporation (MTRC) was wholly owned by the Hong Kong government. The offering involved the sale of about one billion shares, and the company now has the largest shareholder base of any company listed in Hong Kong. In June 2001, MTRCL was transferred to the Hang Seng Index.

MTRCL has developed properties next to stations to complement its already profitable railway business. Many recently built stations were incorporated into large housing estates or shopping complexes. Tsing Yi station is built next to the Maritime Square shopping centre and directly underneath the Tierra Verde housing estate.

On 11 April 2006, MTRCL signed a non-binding memorandum of understanding with the Hong Kong government, the owner of Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, to merge the two railway networks in spite of the strong opposition by the KCRC staff. The minority shareholders of the corporation approved the proposal at an extraordinary general meeting on 9 October 2007, allowing MTRCL to take over the operation of the KCR network and combine the fare system of the two networks on 2 December 2007.

On 2 December 2007 the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC) granted a 50-year service concession (which may be extended) of the KCR network to MTRCL, in return for making annual payments to KCRC, thereby merging the railway operations of the two corporations under MTRCL's management. At the same time MTRCL changed its Chinese name from "地鐵有限公司" (Subway Limited Company) to "香港鐵路有限公司" (Hong Kong Railway Limited Company), but left its English name unchanged. After the merger, the MTR network included three more lines, East Rail Line, West Rail Line and Ma On Shan Line, as well as the Light Rail network and Guangdong Through Train to Guangzhou.

Various campaigns and activities are taken to help ensure that the MTR is a safe system to travel on. Poster campaigns displaying information on topics such as escalator safety are a common sight in all MTR stations, and announcements are made regularly as safety reminders to travelling passengers.

Bylaws have been recently introduced to deter potentially dangerous actions on the MTR, such as the ban of flammable goods on the MTR and rushing into trains when the doors are closing. Fines and imprisonment have been imposed for such offenses. Metallic balloons are also banned due to previous incidents on KCR and on MTR's Island Line where a metallic balloon interfered with the operation of the overhead power lines.

Police officers patrol on trains and stations, and police posts are available at some stations. The Hong Kong Police Force has a Railway District responsible for the MTR and the KCR. Closed-circuit television cameras are installed in stations.

Tung Chung Line, the Airport Express and Tseung Kwan O Line, except Quarry Bay station, had platform screen doors. These doors prevent people from falling onto the rails. They separate the stations from the tunnels, hence allowing substantial energy savings on station air-conditioning and tunnel ventilation. Automatic platform gates have also been installed at the Sunny Bay and Disneyland Resort stations. 

In June 2000, The MTR Corporation proceeded with its plans to retrofit 2,960 pairs of platform screen doors at all 30 underground stations on the Kwun Tong Line, Tsuen Wan Line, and Island Line in a six-year programme. The programme made MTR the world's first railway to undertake the retrofitting of PSDs on a passenger-carrying system already in operation. A prototype design was first introduced at Choi Hung station in the 3rd quarter of 2001. HK$0.10 per passenger trip was levied on Octopus card users to help fund the HK$2 billion retrofit programme. The whole installation scheme was completed in October 2005. The original completion year was 2006. The MTR Corporation said that part of the cost had to be assumed by passengers.

With the high level of daily passenger traffic, facilities of MTR stations are built with durability and accessibility in mind. The elevators and escalators in stations are heavy duty, with the elevators installed by Otis Elevator Company/Fujitec and the escalators installed by Constructions Industrielles de la Mediterranée and Otis Elevator Company.

After extensive retrofits, the MTR system has become, in general, disabled-friendly—the trains have dedicated wheelchair space, the stations have special floor tiles to guide the blind safely on the platforms, and there are extra wide entry and exit gates for wheelchairs as well.

Main line stations do not have toilet facilities, although their installation has been contemplated. Only stations on the Airport Express and Disneyland Resort Line have access to toilet facilities.

The MTR network is unique in its arrangement of interchange stations. Interchange stations between the Island, Tsuen Wan, Kwun Tong and Tseung Kwan O lines are arranged in pairs; this allows cross-platform interchange. A passenger leaves a train on one side of the platform and boards trains on the other side of the platform for another line. This not only makes it more convenient for passengers, it also reduces the amount of traffic per station. Riders are made aware of the closest connection point by way of in-train visual and auditory messages. 

A full GSM (GSM-900 and GSM-1800), CDMA and TDMA mobile phone network is in place throughout the MTR system. Passengers can stay connected underground. Full 3G network coverage in all stations and tunnels (except West Rail Line) for the MTR system has been provided by 3 Hong Kong, SmarTone-Vodafone and PCCW Mobile.

"Recruit" was the first free magazine which was solely distributed in MTR stations since July 1992. However, in July 2002, the contract between the magazine and MTR was terminated. Another recruitment magazine "Jiu Jik" (招職), published by "South China Morning Post", replaced "Recruit" as the only free recruitment magazine distributed in MTR stations on every Tuesdays and Fridays.

The Airport Express also offer value-added services to travellers on the line. Toilets and check-in facilities are available at every station on the line. A free Airport Express shuttle bus service transports travellers from stations to their respective hotels as well. Flight passengers can even have in-town check-in at the station, which offers a more convenient and time-saving routine.

As of January 2005, there were two different fare classes on the MTR: Adult and concessionary. Children below the age of 12, senior citizens 65 years or older, and full-time Hong Kong students between the ages of 12 and 25 qualify for the concessionary rate. Children below the age of 3 travel free.

The fare payable by a passenger depends on the approximate distance travelled. Stations fall into fare "zones" depending on the distance from the origin. The fare to all stations in a "zone" is the same and increases with distance, especially if the journey involves a harbour crossing. Adult fares range from HK$3.80 to $26.00. Concessionary fares are usually half the adult fare, and range from HK$2.40 to $13.00. Fares for the Airport Express Line are significantly higher.

The price of using MTR is very low. For example, the price of going from Tsing Yi to Causeway Bay by taxi is around HK$200. Travelling the same distance by MTR costs HK$11.80 for grown up people and HK$5.40 for young and very old people. People can buy a one way ticket or a Octopus card to enter MTR. Octopus card is a contact-less smart card.

The Octopus card is a rechargeable contactless smart card. It was launched in September 1997 for use on both the MTR and the KCR and now is the most widely used electronic cash system for transactions in Hong Kong as many retailers are fitted with readers. It uses radio frequency identification (RFID) technology so that users need only hold the card in front of the reader. Physical contact is not required, and the card need not even be taken out because the reader can penetrate through material. This fare collection system has been so popular that many cities such as Singapore, London, Chicago, and Taipei have adopted the idea, launching their own version of smart cards.

Except for the Airport Express, MTR fares are slightly lower when using an Octopus card compared to using single journey tickets. For example, the cost of the 3-minute journey from Admiralty to Tsim Sha Tsui across the Victoria Harbour is (as of 2005) HK$7.9 using the Octopus card, compared with HK$9.0 for a single-journey ticket.

Two types of tourist passes are available: one allows unlimited rides for a single day (at HK$50), while the other allows three days of unlimited rides on the MTR, with a stored value of HK$20, refundable deposit of HK$50 and choice of either a single (HK$220) or return (HK$300) trip on the Airport Express. Tourists are required to produce proof of tourist status, (e.g. passports or, in the case of Mainland travellers, entry permits) when purchasing the pass, and whenever requested by a ticket inspector during spot-checks.

The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets. These tickets are pre-paid for between pre-determined stations, and are good for only one trip. There are no return tickets, except on the Airport Express. Fares for the Airport Express are different from main line fares. Apart from single tickets, same-day return tickets (same price as a single), and one-month return tickets are also available.

A one-day pass can be used for unlimited travel to/from Hong Kong Disneyland within the same day, and costs HK$50. This pass can be purchased from any MTR Customer Service Centres or Airport Express Customer Service Centres.

Four variations of rolling stock operate on the MTR on 1.5kV DC overhead electrification. All trains are electric multiple units, with ATC and ATP, operating on 1432 mm rail gauge. Except for the rolling stock of the Airport Express, all trains are designed with features to cope with high density passenger traffic on stopping services. Examples are the latitudinal seating arrangement, additional ventilation fans and 5 doors on each side per car.

The Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express use dedicated rolling stock designs specified to their respective lines. Initially in 7-car formations, they have now been lengthened to eight cars. These two variations were built jointly by Adtranz (now Bombardier Transportations) and Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles between 1994 and 1997.

The other lines are operated using a mixture of the other two variations, known as the "M-Train" and the "K-Stock". The "M-Stock" (or CM-Stock") of "M-Train" are the oldest trains on the MTR, built originally by Metro Cammell (now Alstom) and refurbished by United Goninan. The "M-Train" is the only variation that uses sliding doors, as opposed to others which use plug-doors. The "K-Stock" are built jointly by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and ROTEM, and a further order of 32 cars is due to be in service on the Tung Chung Line by 2007.

The Disneyland Resort Line uses driverless "M-Trains" with their appearance overhauled to suit the line. Windows on each carriage and the handrails inside are made into the shape of Mickey Mouse's head, and there are bronze-made Disney characters decorating the interior of the carriages.

With the objective "not only bring MTR passengers more time for life, but also more time for art", the "Art in MTR" Initiative has been a success since its reception in 1998, where the Airport Express Artwork Programme was the pioneer project. Thereafter, live performances, art exhibitions, display of artwork by established and emerging artists, students and young children have been brought into the MTR stations. MTR Corporation Limited have made art part of the station architecture when building new stations or renovating existing ones. Artworks are exhibited in different forms on the network, including "arttube", open art gallery, community art galleries, roving art, living art, and art in station architecture.

MTR Corporation Limited has suggested several future projects to the Hong Kong Government. 

It has also been suggested to improve parts of MTR that are running now. Airport Station on the Airport Express will have a new platform to serve passengers flying out of Hong Kong International Airport's Skyplaza. New subway links to the stations are also being made, and it has been proposed to lengthen the Tseung Kwan O Line with a branch line to Tseung Kwan O South, and the Kwun Tong Line as far as Whampoa Garden, also linking with the Sha Tin to Central Link expansion.

The West Island Line and South Island Line, first suggested to the government by MTR on 21 January 2003, was finally accepted on 30 June 2005. It was made up of the West Island Line that took the Island Line to Kennedy Town, and the South Island Line (East section) from Admiralty to Ap Lei Chau and South Island Line (West section) that connects the other two lines.




Rib cage

The ribcage is a part of the skeleton of humans and some animals. It is made up of curved bones called ribs. The rib cage is found in the chest area. It protects a person's internal organs from damage. Most humans have 12 pairs of rib bones with one from each pair on each side of the chest. Some people may have 11 or 13 pairs of rib bones. The bones are also filled with bone marrow. The bones that are connected to the sternum directly are called true ribs, and the bones that are connected to the sternum indirectly, through the seventh bone, are called false ribs (eighth, ninth, and tenth bones), and the bones which are not connected to the sternum, and is connected to the back bone, are called floating ribs. If these floating ribs were connected to the sternum, we could not breathe properly, as the chest needs space to expand and decrease. The rib cage is also called the thoracic cavity.

Founder

Founder could mean:

Founders could mean:

Interview

An interview is a conversation where somebody is trying to get information from another person. The person asking questions is the interviewer and the person answering questions is the interviewee. 

Employers interview people trying to get a job to find out if they are a good person for the job. Researchers use an interview to ask people to find how they feel or what they know about something. Since the middle 19th century, interviews have often been used in journalism to get information for stories on news shows or in newspapers. 

Police interview witnesses to a crime to find out what happened. Military intelligence agents interview prisoners to learn about enemy plans and capabilities. These interviews are often called interrogation.

Athelstan

Athelstan or Æthelstan, (893/4–27 October 939), called the Glorious, was the first King of England. He reigned from 924 to 939. He was the son of King Edward the Elder. Athelstan's reign is sometimes overlooked but it was of great importance to political developments in the 10th century.

Athelstan was the son of Edward the Elder, and grandson of Alfred the Great. His father succeeded, after some difficulty, to the Kingdom of the Anglo-Saxons formed by Alfred. His father had also been the King of Mercia. When Edward died Athelstan quickly became King of Mercia but he was not immediately accepted as King of England. His brother, Ælfweard, had more support in England but died soon after Edward. This made it easier for Athelstan to become king.

For Athelstan it was very important to have many allies. A year after his crowning he married one of his sisters to the Viking King of Northumbria, Sithric. However, Sithric died only a year later, and Athelstan seized Northumbria. This move made him king of more land than any other before him, roughly the same as modern England. Historical records indicate that the other rulers in Great Britain accepted him as king at Bamburgh around this time.

Athelstan died at Gloucester in 939 and was succeeded by his half-brother, Edmund I.

Firefly (TV series)

Firefly is an American science fiction television series. It first aired in the United States and Canada on September 20, 2002. It is set in the future, but also has many things about it which would be expected in a story of the American Old West. This combination of past and future gives a unique science fiction setting for the story. It was created by writer and director Joss Whedon, creator of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel". He created it with his production company, Mutant Enemy. Whedon was the executive producer, along with Tim Minear.

"Firefly" was first broadcast on the FOX network. It was cancelled after only eleven of the fourteen episodes were shown. Even though the show did not last long, it sold very well when it was released onto DVD and had great fan support. Because of this, Whedon and Universal Pictures made a movie based on the series, titled "Serenity". The movie was named after the fictional spaceship in the show. It won an Emmy in 2003 for "Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series".

The series is set in 2517 AD. It follows the adventures of the crew of "Serenity", a "Firefly"-class spaceship. The cast play the nine characters who live on "Serenity". Whedon described the show as "nine people looking into the blackness of space and seeing nine different things". The show looks at the changing lives of people who fought on the losing side of a civil war. It also shows the pioneer culture that is on the edges of their star system. It is a future where the only two superpowers, the United States and China, joined to create a single government. This government was called the "Alliance". This also caused the two cultures to blend into each other. Whedon said that nothing has changed in the future. There are more people with better technology, but they still have the same problems politically, morally and ethically.

Whedon came up with the idea for the show after reading "The Killer Angels", a novel about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. He wanted to follow people who had fought on the losing side of a war. He wanted to look at their lives after the war on the edges of civilization. It was meant to be the kind of drama with a lot of people trying to figure out their lives in a pioneer environment. Whedon wanted to have a show that was about when life was physical and things did not come easy to people. Whedon was also very interested in science fiction and wanted to make something for television that was character-driven and dirty.

For the name of the show, Joss Whedon wanted something that had strength and movement. He felt that the word "firefly" had both. The fact that it was also something small with a powerful name made him like it more. From there, he created the ship in the image of a firefly.

While making the first episode, Whedon was arguing with FOX that the show should be shown in widescreen format. Because of this, he filmed scenes with actors on the edge of both sides so that they would have to show it that way. However, the pilot was turned down by the FOX executives. They thought that it did not have enough action. They also did not like the captain. FOX told Whedon on a Friday afternoon that he had to make a new script by Monday morning or they would not do it. Whedon and Tim Minear spent the weekend writing a new episode, "The Train Job". In this new episode, the captain was more "happy" and they added "larger than life" characters. These characters were the henchman "Crow", and the "hands of blue" men, that also introduced a "X-Files"-type ending.

Production designer Carey Meyer built the ship "Serenity" in two parts. It was built as a complete set. It had ceilings and working lights built in as part of the set that the cameras could use. It also had movable parts. This helped with moving the camera around inside the set. There were other good things about this set design. One was that it let the people watching feel that they were really in a ship. For Whedon, the design of the ship was very important. It defined the known space for the viewer. He wanted to show that it was simple and that it was "beat-up but lived-in and ultimately, it was home". Each room had a feel to it, usually shown by the paint color.

Their small budget was a reason to use the ship for much of telling the story. When the characters did go off of the ship, the worlds all had Earth atmosphere and colors. They could not afford to build alien worlds.

The theme song, "The Ballad of Serenity", was written by Joss Whedon and performed by Sonny Rhodes. Whedon wrote the song before the series was approved by Fox. An early recording done by Whedon can be found on the DVD release.
The soundtrack to the series was released on CD on November 8, 2005 by Varèse Sarabande. The musical score matches the blending of cultures in the show. Cowboy guitar blended with an Asian feel was the musical background for the series. Greg Edmonson wrote the music for the series. He said that he wrote for the emotion of the moment.

In casting his nine-member crew, Whedon looked first at the actor and how they got along with others. All nine cast members were chosen before filming began. However, while filming the original pilot "Serenity", Whedon saw that the actress cast as Inara Serra (Rebecca Gayheart) was not right for the role.Morena Baccarin auditioned for the role and two days later was on the set in her first television show.

Whedon asked Nathan Fillion to play the lead role of Malcolm Reynolds. After telling him the idea for the show and showing him the pilot, Fillion wanted the role. Fillion was called back several times to read for the part before he was cast.

Alan Tudyk auditioned and was told to come back in to test with the possible Zoes (the character's wife). It was down to him and one other person. The Zoes did not work out and Tudyk was sent home. He got a call telling him he had the part anyway.

Veteran science fiction-fantasy actress Gina Torres ("The Matrix Reloaded", "") did not at first want to do another science fiction show, but "was won over by the quality of the source material." As she recalled, "So you had these challenged characters inhabiting a challenging world and that makes for great storytelling. AND NO ALIENS!"

Adam Baldwin grew up watching westerns. The character of Jayne Cobb was a role that was perfect for him.

Canadian actress Jewel Staite has been an actress since age nine. She videotaped her audition from Vancouver. she was asked to come to Los Angeles to meet Whedon, where she was cast for the role of Kaylee Frye, the ship's engineer.

Sean Maher remembers reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam. He said it was Whedon's personality and vision that "sealed the deal" for him. For the role of Simon's sister, Whedon called in Summer Glau for an audition and test the same day. Glau had first worked for Whedon on an episode of "Angel". Two weeks later Whedon called her to tell her she had the part. This was Glau's first speaking role.

The veteran television actor Ron Glass ("Barney Miller", "All in the Family"), has said that until "Firefly", he had not thought about a science-fiction western role but he fell in love with the pilot script and the character of Shepherd Book.

The series takes place in the year 2517, on several planets and moons. The television series does not say if these are in one star system. The movie "Serenity" makes clear that all the planets and moons are in one large system. The characters refer to "Earth-that-was" and in the movie, it is said that long before the events in the series a large population had left from Earth to a new star system: "Earth that was could no longer sustain our numbers, we were so many." The people settled in this new star system, with "dozens of planets and hundreds of moons." Many of these were terraformed, a process in which a planet or moon is altered to resemble the Earth. The terraforming process was only the first step in making a planet livable. Only the most central planets got more treatment. This caused many of the border planets and moons to have environments that fit the Western setting.

The show takes its name from the "Firefly"-class spaceship "Serenity" that the main characters call home. Its tail section lights up during acceleration, looking like the glowing part of a firefly.

The Alliance is shown to control the star system through an organization of "core" planets. DVD commentary suggests that two main "core" planets make up the Alliance. One is mostly Occidental in culture, the other is Asian. This explains the series' mixed linguistic and visual themes. The central planets are under Alliance control, but the outer planets and moons resemble the 19th century American West, with little government control. Settlers people on the outer worlds have relative freedom from the central government. The outer areas also have Reavers, a cannibalistic race.

The captain of the crew of "Serenity" is Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds (Nathan Fillion). The episode "Serenity" shows that the captain and his first mate Zoe Washburne (Gina Torres) are veteran "Browncoats" of the civil war. A later episode, titled "Out of Gas", shows that Mal bought the spaceship "Serenity" to continue living beyond Alliance control. Much of the crew's work is made up of cargo runs or smuggling. One of the main story arcs is that of River Tam (Summer Glau) and her brother Simon (Sean Maher). River was a child prodigy. Her brain was experimented on. She seems to have schizophrenia and often hears voices. It is later found out that she is a "reader", someone with psychic abilities. Simon gave up a very good career as a surgeon to save her from the Alliance. They join the crew in the original "Serenity". Because of this rescue, they are both wanted criminals.

"Firefly" takes place in a multi-cultural future. Because of this, Mandarin Chinese is a common second language. It is used in advertisements, and characters in the show often use Chinese words and curses.

The show also has slang not used in today's culture. There are changes to modern words, or new words ("shiny" is a synonym of "cool"). The Japanese katakana and an Old West dialect are also used.

One of the problems that Whedon had with FOX was the tone of the show, especially with the main character Malcolm Reynolds. FOX wanted Whedon to make his character more "jolly". They felt he was too dark in the original pilot.

"Firefly" had an ensemble cast that played the nine crew members of the ship, "Serenity". These characters fight criminals, Alliance security forces, the insane Reavers, and the mysterious men with "hands of blue" - who seem to work for a secret agency which is part of the huge corporation, The Blue Sun Corporation. The crew needs to get enough income to keep their ship working. While doing this, they must stay hidden from people looking for them.


All nine major characters are in every episode, with one exception: Book is absent from "Ariel".




Canute

Cnut II and I (Danish: "Knud II"; 25 May 994 — 12 November 1035) nicknamed the Great (Danish: "den Store") was the King of Denmark as Cnut II from 1018, King of England as Cnut I from 1016, and King of Norway from 1028 until his death in 1035. Cnut was considered one of Europe's most powerful rulers during his time. He ruled over England, Denmark, Norway, and a part of Sweden on which are called the North Sea Empire.

In the summer of 1015, Canute's fleet set sail for England with a Danish army of perhaps 10,000 in 200 longships. Cnut was at the head of an array of Vikings from all over Scandinavia. The invasion force was to be in often close and grisly warfare with the English for the next fourteen months. Practically all of the battles were fought against Aethelred's son, Edmund Ironside.

After ascending the throne in 1016, Canute executed many of Edmund's followers, to make his crown safe.

Canute, a Christian, had two wives. His first wife, or perhaps concubine, was called Ælfgifu. She was a handfast wife, meaning the marriage was made by joining hands, not by a church ceremony. This was legal at that time. She became his northern queen.

His second wife was Emma of Normandy, who was also called Ælfgifu in Old English. Their wedding was a Christian wedding. She was kept in the south, with an estate in Exeter.

Both wives bore sons who became kings of England. Canute kept the Church sweet with many gifts.


There is a story that Canute sat on his throne ordering the sea to turn back. We do not know whether this really happened. It seems to come from Henry of Huntington (c. 1088 – c. 1154). He relates it as follows: 

"When King Cnute had reigned for twenty years, he departed this life at Shaftesbury and was buried at Winchester in the Old Minster. A few words must be devoted to the power of this king. Before him there had never been in England a king of such great authority. He was lord of all Denmark, of all England, of all Norway, and also of Scotland. In addition to the many wars in which he was most particularly illustrious, he performed three fine and magnificent deeds...The third, that when he was at the height of his ascendancy, he ordered his chair to be placed on the sea-shore as the tide was coming in. Then he said to the rising tide, 'You are subject to me, as the land on which I am sitting is mine, and no one has resisted my overlordship with impunity. I command you, therefore, not to rise on to my land, nor to presume to wet the clothing or limbs of your master.' But the sea came up as usual, and disrespectfully drenched the king's feet and shins. So jumping back, the king cried, 'Let all the world know that the power of kings is empty and worthless, and there is no king worthy of the name save Him by whose will heaven, earth, and sea obey eternal laws.' Thereafter King Cnut never wore the golden crown on his neck, but placed it on the image of the crucified Lord, in eternal praise of God the great king. By whose mercy may the soul of King Cnut enjoy rest."

Henry of Huntingdon, "Historia Anglorum (VI.17)"


Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor

Saint Henry II (972 – 13 July 1024), called the Holy or the Saint, was the fifth and last Holy Roman Emperor of the Saxon or Ottonian dynasty. 

Internet protocol suite

When computers connect and transmit data between each other on the Internet, they follow a set of rules to do so. These rules are universal; all computers throughout the Internet must follow them. Otherwise, the Internet would not function as computers would not be able to transmit data in a meaningful and useful way. These rules are called protocols. There are many different protocols, each for different purposes, and they all together are called the Internet protocol suite. The two most important protocols are the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) and the Internet Protocol (IP), which ensure data is delivered at the right place, and without errors, and is what computers use when they access servers (computers that have the data that is accessed on the Internet) on the World Wide Web, as well as for email, and the like. Other protocols include the Network Time Protocol, which ensures clock synchronisation in computers, and there are many others.

The TCP/IP model and other related protocols are maintained by the Internet Engineering Task Force, whose parent organisation is the Internet Society, and which also cooperates closely with other standards bodies such as the W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) and ISO/IEC.


Conrad II, Holy Roman Emperor

Conrad II (c. 990 – 4 June 1039) was the son of Count Henry of Speyer and Adelheid of Alsace. He was elected king in 1024. He was crowned Holy Roman Emperor on 26 March 1027. He was the first emperor of the Salian Dynasty.

During his reign, he proved that the German monarchy had become strong enough that it no longer depended on contracts between king and dukes alone.

Ottonian dynasty

Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty of kings of Germany, named after its first emperor Otto I the Great. But it is also known as the Saxon dynasty after the origin of this family of noblemen. The family itself is also sometimes known as the Liudolfings, after its earliest known member "Liudolf" and one of its most common names. The Ottonian rulers are also regarded as the first dynasty of the Holy Roman Empire, as successors of the Carolingian dynasty and Charlemagne, who is commonly viewed as the original founder of a new (Frankish) Roman Empire.

Although he was never Emperor, Henry I the Fowler, Duke of Saxony, was the founder of this imperial dynasty, since his election as German king made it possible for his son, Otto the Great to take on the imperium. Since Otto I most of the German kings were also crowned Holy Roman Emperor. Under the reign of the Ottonian rulers, the kingdom of the Eastern Franks finally became Germany as the duchies of Lorraine, Saxony, Franconia, Swabia, Thuringia and Bavaria joined in one empire. 

After the end of the Ottonian dynasty (with the death of Henry II in 1024) the crown passed to the Salian dynasty. Luitgard, a daughter of Emperor Otto I had married the Salian Duke Conrad the Red of Lorraine. His great-grandson was Conrad II, Holy Roman Emperor. 

Ottonian Kings and Emperors:

Some other famous members of the Liudolfing or Ottonian House:

Copernicium

Copernicium (formerly Ununbium) is a chemical element in the Periodic Table. It is also named eka-mercury. It has the symbol Cn. It has the atomic number 112. It is a transuranium element.
The element is named in honor of Nicolaus Copernicus.

Using periodic trends, people think that it will be a liquid metal. It is likely to be more volatile than mercury.

Copernicium was first made on February 9, 1996 at the Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung (GSI) in Darmstadt, Germany. Copernicium was made by nuclear fusion of a zinc atom with a lead atom. The zinc nuclei was bombarded on to a lead target in a machine named a heavy ion accelerator.

The element was made in 2000 and 2004 at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Russia.

In May 2006 in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research checked that it had been made using a different method. They identified the last atoms that were made from radioactive decay of copernicium.

In February 2010 IUPAC officially approved the name copernicium and symbol Cn.


Otto the Great

Otto I the Great (23 November 912 – 7 May 973), son of Henry I the Fowler, king of the Germans, and Matilda of Ringelheim, was Duke of the Saxons, King of the Germans and Holy Roman Emperor. He won a big war against the Magyars and later conquered northern Italy.

Tropic of Capricorn

The Tropic of Capricorn, or Southern tropic, is one of the five major circles of latitude of a map of the Earth. It is 23° 26′ 22″ south of the Equator.

It marks the most southerly latitude at which the sun can appear directly overhead. This happens at the December solstice, when the southern hemisphere is tilted towards the sun to its maximum extent.

The Tropic of Capricorn goes through these countries, starting at the prime meridian and going west:


The Tropic of Capricorn is named because about 2000 years ago the sun was entering the constellation Capricornus on the December solstice. Now the sun appears in the constellation Sagittarius during the December solstice. The change is due to precession of the equinoxes. The word "tropic" comes from the Greek tropos, meaning "turn". This refers to the fact that the sun appears to "turn back" at the solstices.


Edward III of England

Edward III (13 November 1312–21 June 1377) was a King of England. He ruled for 50 years. 

Edward was born on 13 November 1312 to Edward II & Isabella of France. He was the oldest out of 5 children of them. He has 2 younger brothers, Adam FitzRoy & John of Eltham, Earl of Cornwall & 2 younger sisters, Joan of the Tower & Eleanor of Woodstock.

He made England the strongest military power during his reign. 

Edward was crowned when he was fourteen years old, after his father was forced to abdicate. After his victory against the Scots, he declared himself heir to the French throne in 1337, and so started the Hundred Years' War. The war went very well for England; the victories of Crécy and Poitiers led up to the Treaty of Brétigny, by which he gained a lot of territory. When he became older, he was much less active, mostly a result of his bad health. He died of a stroke in 1377, aged 64.

Edward also established the Order of the Garter, and developed legislature and government. However, during his reign there was the Black Death. 

Edward and his wife, Philippa of Hainault, had many children and, as they traveled, the children were generally known by where they were born (though the oldest son, Edward "of Woodstock," became known to later generations as Edward, the Black Prince). Prince Edward died before his father Edward III, and his older son, Edward "of Angouleme," had died a child, so younger son Richard "of Bordeaux" succeeded Edward III as Richard II of England before being deposed by his cousin Henry IV of England, whose father, John "of Gaunt", had married the heiress of Lancaster. His family, the House of Lancaster, fought the Wars of the Roses with the House of York descended from the daughter of Edward III's son Lionel "of Antwerp" (who was older than John) over who was the rightful king. 

In his own time and for centuries after Edward III was praised a lot, but by Whig historians he was seen as an irresponsible adventurer. This view has turned, and modern historians see what a good king he was.


Wicked Science

Wicked Sciences is an Australian television series. It takes place in Sandy Bay. It tells the story of two teenagers who suddenly become science geniuses.

Toby Johnson is a normal student of Sandy Bay High School, juggling between school and the normal life of a teenager. Elizabeth Hawke is the teacher's pet. Nobody like her in the high school and she likes nobody, excepted Tony. She has liked Tony from her childhood. One day, Toby and her were in the laboratory of the school. They were hit by a strange blue ray and they become sciences geniuses. But they do not know why. The normal life of Sandy Bay is changed by the two geniuses.

On the first school day at Sandy Bay High School, Toby and his best friend Russel met a new student, Dina Demeris. They quickly became friends. During science class, they were chatting. When they got caught, Dina was the one who was going to be punished, but Toby said that it was his fault. He was to be punished with Russ. The teacher, Mr. Tesslar showed the students the fossils he found during the summer. He started to scan them with a machine and asked who wanted to finish the work. Elizabeth accepted. That evening, Russ, Toby and Elizabeth were in the science laboratory. Toby and Russ had to clean the aquarium, and Elizabeth was scanning the stones. Russ had a bad idea. He tried to use his mouth to change the water. He ran to the restrooms and Toby and Elizabeth cleaned the ground. A frog got out of the aquarium and jumped on the keyboard of the machine. The device scanned a strange blue stone and made a blue ray which hit Toby and Elizabeth.


Harold Wilson

James Harold Wilson, Baron Wilson of Rievaulx, KG, OBE, FRS, PC (11 March 1916 – 24 May 1995) was one of the most prominent British politicians of the 20th century. He was an MP from 1945 to 1983. He won more elections than any other 20th century Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (in 1964, 1966, February and October 1974)—three with a majority (1964,1966 and October 1974) and one where Labour was the largest party and formed a minority government (February 1974)

Wilson resigned as Prime Minister and Leader of the Labour Party in 1976. He died of colon cancer and Alzheimer's disease in 1995.


Labour Party (UK)

The Labour Party is the main centre-left political party in the United Kingdom. It is a social democratic party. It has been one of the UK's two main political parties from the early 20th century to the present day. It is the second largest party in the British House of Commons, with 195 out of 650 seats. It forms the Official Opposition. The current Labour Party leader is Sir Keir Starmer, who took over in April 2020 from Jeremy Corbyn.

The Labour Party was in power in the United Kingdom government from 1997 to 2010. Now it sits in opposition. It was in power in the Scottish Parliament (in coalition with the Scottish Liberal Democrats) until 2007. It is the largest group in the London Assembly, although until May 2016 the Mayor of London was a Conservative party member. It is also the second largest party in local government.

The party was officially formed in 1906, just after the general election, as a successor of the Labour Representative Committee formed in 1900. In 1918, the party made a new constitution with the commitment to socialism, or the socialization of the industry. This could be found in Clause 4.
The Labour Party won the general election in 1945 for the first time. From 1951 Labour was in opposition for thirteen years, during which there were serious fights between the left and right wings of the party. The leader of the left wing was Aneurin Bevan. His supporters were called the ""Bevanites"". They wanted a less confrontational policy in foreign affairs and more socialist actions. The leaders of the right wing were Clement Attlee and Hugh Gaitskell. They believed that Western capitalism had changed a lot and that socialism and public ownership was not so important. Gaitskell tried to remove Clause 4 from the party constitution at the 1959 conference, but he could not.

In 1994, Tony Blair forced the Labour Party to drop Clause 4. This was an important step to change the party into "New Labour".

In 2015, dark horse candidate Jeremy Corbyn announced his candidacy for the leadership of the Labour Party. At the beginning, he was thought of as a socialist fringe candidate, but he later became the lead candidate in polls and got the support of the majority of trade unions affiliated to the Labour Party, along with those of three non-affiliated unions. On 12 September 2015, he was elected Leader of the Labour Party, with a majority vote of 59.5% in the first round of the ballot.



Cyperus papyrus

Cyperus papyrus (also known as Papyrus sedge, Bulrush or Paper reed) is a plant. It is a sedge. They grow tall. The plant is perennial (grows every year) and originally comes from Africa. It was used to make a fabric much like paper. This was called papyrus, and served much the same purpose that paper does today. Its roots were also used as fuels. Also makes rope and sandals too.

It is almost extinct along the shores of the river Nile where it was originally cultivated.

Georgia Institute of Technology

The Georgia Institute of Technology is a public university (school for after high school) in Atlanta, Georgia. It is also known as Georgia Tech. 

It focuses primarily on engineering, science and computer science, but also has schools of management, architecture, and liberal arts.

When it opened in 1885, the school's main focus was on practical experience (learning things by doing them); students spent half of their time in class, and half in the shop. 

It first admitted women in 1952. 

In 1961, it was the first university in the South to integrate (let people of different races go to school together) without a court order.

The school's colors are white and old gold (mustard yellow). Their mascot is Buzz, a Yellow Jacket (a kind of bee-like wasp). 


Dissident

A dissident is a person who does not agree with an opinion, policy, or structure. There are also other types of dissidents like social dissidents who do not agree with popular social attitudes


Josiah

Josiah was a child king of Judah. He was born around 640 BC. Josiah started his rule as king at the age of 8 when his father, Amon, died. Josiah was thought of as a good king. He following in the steps of his ancestor King David.

Josiah ruled for 31 years in Jerusalem and died in 609 BC. He was killed by King Necho of Egypt while Josiah was helping the king of Assyria fight off the attacks of the Egyptian. Josiah's son Jehoahaz became the new King of Judah.


Jehoahaz of Judah

Jehoahaz was a king of Judah. His birth name was Shallum. He is thought to be an evil king. Jehoahaz began his rule at age 23 in 609 BC when his father, King Josiah was killed by the king of Egypt, Necho. He only ruled for 3 months in Jerusalem before the Egyptian king took him to Egypt and put another of Josiah's sons on the throne as the new King of Judah. Jehoahaz died in Egypt.

Antarctic Circle

The Antarctic Circle is one of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth. It is the parallel of latitude at 66° 33′ 39″ south of the Equator, crossing mostly the Southern Ocean.

In the Antarctic Circle, all places have twenty-four hours of daylight on the Summer Solstice in December. In June on the Winter Solstice all places have twenty-four hours of night. There is a minimum of one whole day that the sun does not set and one whole day that the sun does not rise.

The area south of this circle is named the Antarctic, and the zone to the north is the Southern Temperate Zone.

The continent of Antarctica is a land mass that is most of the area within the Antarctic Circle. The South Pole is in the center of the Antarctic Circle.

There is no permanent population of persons south of the Antarctic Circle. There are research centers from some nations on Antarctica. Teams of scientists live in the research centers for part of the year. In past centuries some whaling stations were set up on Antarctica and some of the whalers would live there for a year or more. At least three children have been born in Antarctica. It is one of the coldest places on earth.The lowest temperature ever recorded on earth was recorded in Antarctica (-129.3)



Toast

Toast is bread which has been grilled until hot and crispy. A toaster, grill or open fire is used. Toasted bread is both darker in color and crunchier than normal bread. Toast can be eaten with a range of condiments spread on the surface, such as butter, jam, honey, and cheese to make cheese on toast, though these are optional as some people prefer their toast without condiments (dry toast).

Toast can also be used to make 'toasties', where a filling is compressed and heated between two slices of buttered bread in a toastie maker. Popular fillings include cheese, jam, peanut butter and chocolate spread.

Before the invention of modern cooking appliances such as toasters and grills, bread has been produced in ovens for millennia. Toast can be made in the same oven. 

Many brands of sliced bread are available, some specifically marketing their suitability for toasting.

Toaster

A toaster is a machine that cooks bread. The bread is put into the toaster and after a few minutes it pops up, toasted. The pop-up toaster was invented by Parker Scharbrough in 1919.


Swiss cheese

Swiss cheese is a name for a number of cheeses that are like Swiss Emmental cheese. This name is mostly used in the United States and Canada, and in most cases, the cheeses are made there and are not from Switzerland. Like it, they have holes, which are made by the bacteria that change milk into Swiss cheese. "Propionibacterium" uses the lactic acid that is made by other bacteria, and it gives off a gas called carbon dioxide. This slowly forms bubbles that become the holes. The holes in the cheese are called the "eyes", and a Swiss cheese that does not have holes is called a "blind" cheese.

Most often, Swiss cheeses with larger eyes have a better taste, as the same things that make the eyes bigger also make the taste of the cheese better. These include longer time and more warmth as the cheese is formed.

Emmental cheese has been produced in France, Germany, and Austria for a long time. This is why the names Emmental and Swiss Cheese can be used for kinds of cheese that are not made in Emmental in Switzerland but are made the same way. 


Henry VI of England

Henry VI (6 December 1421 - 21 May 1471) was King of England twice. The first time was from 31 August 1422 to 1461. The second time was from 1470 to 21 May 1471. He was also the King of France from 1422 to 1453.

Henry was the only child of King Henry V of England and was his heir. He was born on 6 December 1421 at Windsor. He became king at the age of nine months on 31 August 1422, when his father died. His mother, Catherine of Valois, was then only twenty years old. Because she was the daughter of King Charles VI of France, and France had been the enemy of England, the English people did not trust her and she was not allowed to have a large part in raising her son.

Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester, Henry IV's youngest son, was given the position of "Protector and Defender of the Realm and the Church" (Regent of England) until the King was old enough to rule. His job was to keep the peace and deal with Parliament. Henry IV's oldest living son, John, Duke of Bedford, was made the Regent of France. He was in charge of running the war that was happening. Bedford also replaced Gloucester as Regent of England whenever he was in England.

Henry was eventually made King of England at Westminster Abbey on 6 November 1429 a month before his eighth birthday. He was made King of France at Notre Dame in Paris on 16 December 1431. Because he was a child he was not allowed to control the government until he was declared of age on his sixteenth birthday in 1437, the same year his mother died.

Because of his success in the Hundred Years' War, Henry V had left England with a lot of land in France. Since Henry VI was still a child, and England was ruled by a Regent, much of the land his father gained was lost. Diplomatic mistakes as well as military failures caused the loss of most of the English land in France.

Henry VI was a deeply spiritual man and was not very interested in politics. He let his court be controlled by a few noblemen who were called his "favourites". The people who wanted to end the war in France became more powerful, and Henry went along with them. Henry VI was told that the best way to get peace with France was to marry Margaret of Anjou, who was a niece of King Charles VII of France. Charles agreed to let Henry marry Margaret as long as he did not have to give her a dowry and was given the lands of Maine and Anjou by the English. Henry agreed, but did not let Parliament know about giving away Maine and Anjou. He thought that the English people would not be happy to know that the land was being given away to France.

The marriage happened in 1445. Margaret was much the opposite of Henry. She was ready to take decisions and lead while he was happy to be led by her. Margaret was a stronger ruler than Henry ever was, even though she was only sixteen at that time.

Henry VI was imprisoned in the Tower of London, where he was murdered on 21 May 1471. Popular legend said that Richard, Duke of Gloucester was guilty of his murder, as well as the murder of Henry VI's son Edward of Westminster. King Henry VI was originally buried in Chertsey Abbey. In 1485, his body was moved to St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. He was succeeded by Edward IV, son of Richard, Duke of York.

Saint-Fons

Saint-Fons is a French city next to Lyon. About 15.000 people live there. The name of the city does not come from a saint. It is because there are many fountains near the city. Originally the place name was "Cent Fonts" ( 100 sources), which was changed into the current city name. The city split from Vénissieux in the middle of the 19th century. The main reason for splitting was because of the chemical industry in the spot.

Incidental music

Incidental music is music which has been written for a play. It is not like opera where there is usually music all the way through. Incidental music will be used between scenes or for particularly important moments in the play or for songs sung by the actors. It is called “incidental” because the music is not as important as the play.

Incidental music dates as far back as Ancient Greece. It was used in the 16th and 17th centuries, especially in the plays of Shakespeare whose characters often sing songs. At this time incidental music was used more often for comedies than for tragedies. Tragedies were about important people who were busy ruling their country and having wars. In the plays they spoke in verse and were too noble to sing. People thought that comedies were more suitable for including music. The songs were often sung by actors playing the parts of shepherds, nymphs or clowns.

In later centuries music was used for all types of serious drama. Sometimes large orchestras were used. Many famous composers wrote music to be played by an orchestra during plays. A famous example is the incidental music for Shakespeare’s “A Midsummer Night's Dream” composed by Felix Mendelssohn in 1842. Other composers worked with living poets such as Goethe and Schiller. Beethoven wrote music for Goethe’s play "Egmont". This music is very closely linked to what happens in the story: the overture describes the harshness of the Spanish oppression of the Netherlands which is what the play is about. Schubert’s famous "Rosamunde" overture comes from a play called "Die Zauberharfe" ("The Magic Harp"). Schumann’s music for "Manfred" is different: it was never intended to be performed with the play, it was just inspired by Schumann’s imagination. Many other composers wrote incidental music, e.g. Sibelius (for Maeterlinck’s play "Pelléas et Mélisande") and Grieg (for Ibsen’s play "Peer Gynt").

In all these examples the music is now usually heard at concerts, not as part of the original play. Most of them have overtures (music played before the play starts) and these overtures are often performed separately, very often at the start of concerts.

Incidental music was not used so much during the 20th century although the plays of Brecht, which are often about political propaganda, needed a new kind of popular music. Brecht worked with composers like Weill and Eisler who understood the kind of message that he wanted in his plays. Their music for Brecht’s plays is similar to cabaret music.

Nowadays electronic music is often used in plays.

Kayak

A kayak is a small boat that is driven by manpower. It typically has a covered deck, and a cockpit covered by a spraydeck. It is propelled by a double-bladed paddle by a sitting paddler. The kayak was used by the native Ainu, Inuit, Aleut and Eskimo hunters in sub-Arctic regions of northeastern Asia, North America and Greenland. Modern kayaks come in a wide variety of designs and materials for specialized purposes.

Kayaks typically are built for one, two or occasionally three paddlers who sit facing forward in one or more cockpits below the deck of the boat. The spray skirt or similar waterproof garment attaches securely to the edges of the cockpit, so that no water from waves or spray may enter the boat. Therefore, in most styles the boat can roll upright again without it filling with water or ejecting the paddler.

Kayaks differ distinctly in design and history from canoes, which are craft propelled by single-bladed paddles by a kneeling paddler, although some modern canoes may be difficult for a non-expert to distinguish from a kayak. Kayaks are often called canoes in Great Britain and Ireland.


Canoe

A canoe is a small boat, that is often driven by manpower or womanpower, but also commonly sailed. Canoes are pointed at both ends and usually open on top, but can be covered. Canoes are known as "Paddle boats" in some small towns in the south of Australia. The use of a paddle or "salvatore" is used to propel the vehicle. The most famous of rowers include the Szwedo of Luke in which he was the first man to complete 4 laps the woodend river in less than 3 days, beating the record of 4 laps in 4 days.

The canoe is propelled by the use of paddles, with the number of paddlers depending on the size of the canoe (most commonly 2). Paddlers face in the direction of travel, either seated or kneeling. In this way paddling a canoe can be contrasted with rowing, where the rowers face away from the direction of travel. Paddles may be single-bladed or double-bladed.



Paddle

A paddle is a tool used for pushing against liquids, either for propulsion in a boat or for mixing liquids.

Paddles commonly used in canoes consist of a wooden, fibreglass or metal rod (the "shaft") with a handle on one end and a rigid sheet (the "blade") on the other end. Paddles for use in kayaks are longer, with a blade on each end, and usually no handles.


Mahdi

The Mahdi or Mehdi ('the rightly-guided one') is Islam's messiah or savior. It is said that he and the Prophet Jesus will change the world for the better, bringing God in all hearts, before Yaum al-Qiyamah ("Day of the Resurrection"). 

In particular, the Sudanese tribal leader Muhammed Ahmed proclaimed himself as the Mahdi, appointed by Allah to free his country. He defeated the forces of the Khedive of Egypt and the British, only to die suddenly six months later.


Propulsion tools

Propulsion is the use of force to make movement.

For ground propulsion the first instrument was the wheel.

For water propulsion pole, paddle, oar and sail have been used. Nowadays the most common types are underwater propellers. Sails are still common, and historically represented the most important form of early propulsion for large ships. 

For air propulsion, the most common types are propeller and jet engine. Others have been used experimentally.

Oar

An oar is a tool used to move a boat through water. Oars have a flat blade at one end, and the oarsmen grasp the other end. The difference between oars and paddles is that paddles are held by the paddler, and are not connected with the vessel, whereas oars generally are fastened to the vessel. The use of oars is called rowing. An oar used at the stern (rear) of a boat to steer is called a steering oar.

Drama

Drama is a type of literature. A drama can be in the form of a novel, television show, movie, play or dance. Although drama is a Greek word meaning "action", most dramas focus more on the relationships between people than on the actions. Dramas usually have a serious feel to them. Drama is considered the opposite of comedy, but drama and comedy can be used at the same time. Drama is full of sensational action, dialogue, incidents etc. 

Shakespeare influenced the theatre industry by showing what could be done with plot and language.

Ribes

Ribes is a genus of about 150 species of flowering plants. They are native throughout the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere. It is the only genus in the family Grossulariaceae. Seven subgenera are recognized.

Sometimes "Ribes" is instead put in the family Saxifragaceae. A few taxonomists place the gooseberry species in a separate genus of "Grossularia".

The genus "Ribes" includes the edible currants (blackcurrant, redcurrant, white currant), gooseberry, and several hybrid varieties. It should not be confused with the dried currant used in cakes and puddings, which is a cultivar of small grape (Zante currant). "Ribes" gives its name to the popular blackcurrant cordial Ribena.

The genus also includes the group of ornamental plants collectively known as the flowering currants, for instance "R. sanguineum".

current affairs 2020 

Mast

The mast of a sailing ship is a tall vertical pole which supports the sails. Larger ships have several masts, with the size depending on the style of ship.

Until the 20th century, a ship's masts would be wooden spars, originally constructed from a single straight tree trunk. As ship sizes increased, taller masts were constructed by lashing up to three spars together. 


Juan Manuel Fangio

Juan Manuel Fangio (June 24, 1911 - July 17, 1995) was a race car driver. He won the Formula One drivers' championship five times, in the years 1951, 1954, 1955, 1956, and 1957.

Trunk (botany)

The trunk is the main stem or "main woody axis of a tree". In the lumber trade a severed trunk is a log. In botany it means the main structural member of a tree that is directly connected to the roots and which supports the branches. The trunk is also often called the bole. The trunk is covered by the bark, which protects the tree against damage and often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top, depending on the species. The trunk, or bole, is the most important part of the tree for timber production. The tree trunk can be separated into five different layers: the heartwood, the sapwood, the vascular cambium, the inner bark, and the outer bark.




Ziziphus

Zizhiphus is a type of tree that grows fruit. The species "Z. mauritianis" is known as the Indian jujube, and the species "Ziziphus jujuba" is known as the red date. They are mostly found in Asia.

Cayenne pepper

The cayenne pepper is a type of chili pepper. It is very hot and is used as a spice. Cayenne pepper is the basis for the hot sauce known as Tabasco, as well as being an ingredient in many other commercially made hot sauces, such as Frank's Red Hot and Cholula. It can also be used in a dried powder form.


Tsaagan

Tsaagan meaning "white" is a dinosaur related to "Velociraptor". It is in the family Dromaeosauridae. It lived in Asia about 75 million years ago. It was discovered in the Djadokhta Formation of the late Cretaceous of Mongolia.

When it was discovered, it was thought to be a species of "Velociraptor". After a CAT-scan in 1998, scientists found that it represented a new genus. In 2010 it was discovered that it was closely related to "Linheraptor". They are probably in the same genus.

Edward II of England

Edward II (25 April 1284 – 21 September 1327) also called as Edward of Caernarfon was the King of England from 1307 until he was forced to abdicate the throne in 1327. His tendency to ignore his nobility, in favour of low-born favorites, led to political trouble and eventually to his removal from the throne. He is most remembered for a story about his alleged murder, which was linked to his reliance on the corrupt family of Hugh le Despenser the Younger, which has been seen by some as evidence of his homosexuality.

Although he is often known as "Edward II", some historians call him "Edward V" because prior to the Norman conquest, there were three kings with the name "Edward": Edward the Elder, Edward the Martyr and Edward the Confessor. Because some historians refer to the first three King Edwards of England as "Edward I", "II" and "III", Edward who is often called Edward II is known as "Edward V". 

Richard III of England

Richard III (1452–1485) was the King of England from 1483 until 1485. He was the last king from the House of Plantagenet.

Richard was part of the House of York during the Wars of the Roses. He was the younger brother of King Edward IV. When Edward IV died, his 12-year-old son became King Edward V. Richard was given the role of "Protector", meaning he would run the country until Edward V became an adult. However, Edward IV, a well known womanizer, had entered into a second, secret marriage with his children's mother, while he was still married to Eleanor Butler; thereby, rendering all seven children illegitimate. The Three Estates and the London City Council began discussions about the evidence brought forth by Bishop Robert Stillington, and concluded that the late king had committed bigamy, making his children bastards who were, therefore, ineligible to inherent the throne. The crown was presented to the oldest male relative of Edward IV, Richard. 

The rumour that Richard had ordered the boys to be killed originated in the French court and did not reach England for several months.

Richard put down a rebellion in October 1483 by his old friend the Duke of Buckingham, and the simultaneous first attempt by Henry Tudor and his French troops to land in England to usurp the throne. Buckingham was beheaded for high treason, and bad weather on the English Channel prevented Henry from landing. Henry Tudor successfully landed in Wales in August 1485. While he did not succeed in attracting men to his cause, the Stanley brothers agreed to bring their sizable private army with him. This led to the Battle of Bosworth Field, in which Richard was betrayed and killed by William Stanley's men. His body was put on public display, nude, in Leicester for three days, before Henry allowed the body to be buried in a quickly dug grave in their priory in Leicester. 

In 2012, Richard's skeleton was rediscovered beneath a car park, where the priory once stood. It was reburied in Leicester Cathedral in March 2015.

For many years, Richard III was seen as a villain. The Tudor kings and queens encouraged this, as did Shakespeare's famous play "Richard III". Almost all writers at the time saw him as either a hero or a villain. In both the past and the present, some writers say that Richard III made many good laws, per his Parliamentary rolls of 1484, such as an accused was innocent until proven guilty, that land and property could not be seized while an accused awaited trial, and abolished nefarious and illegal means by which the southern English nobility made money off of the lower classes (which made Richard several enemies as a consequence). Others argue that he was ruthless, but that this behaviour was common for the powerful people of that time.

Richard was the youngest son of Richard, Duke of York. He had three elder brothers, Edward, Edmund and George. Richard, Duke of York, and his second son, Edmund, were both killed in battle during the Wars of the Roses. The eldest son, Edward, was a very good soldier, and won the throne of England in battle against the reigning king, King Henry VI. Edward then became King Edward IV of England and his two brothers, George and Richard, became very powerful men.

Richard married Anne Neville, whose father had once been a friend of the family. Richard and Anne had known each other since they were children, but Anne had been taken to France, where she had married the Prince of Wales, the son of Henry VI. When the Prince of Wales was killed in battle, Anne became a widow, and soon she was married to Richard, even though he had been her husband's enemy. Richard and Anne lived at Middleham Castle in North Yorkshire. They had one son, who was named Edward after Richard's brother, King Edward. Richard quarrelled frequently with his brother George, who was married to Anne's sister, Isabel. King Edward became so angry that he put George in prison, where he died.

King Edward married a woman called Elizabeth Woodville, who had been married before and had many relatives. Soon, her relatives became very rich and powerful, causing bad feeling among those who had been in the king's favour before the marriage. Edward and Elizabeth had several children, including two sons, who were named Edward and Richard.

When Edward IV suddenly died in April 1484, his elder son became King Edward V, but he was still a boy. Richard had been asked by his brother the king to look after the two boys. He was worried that the new young king would not be able to rule the country properly. He was also worried that the Woodville family would soon be telling the king what to do and ruling the country for themselves.

Richard took the throne from his nephew two months later. He claimed that Edward IV's marriage to Elizabeth Woodville was not a proper marriage, and that this meant Edward V could not be king. Parliament then passed a law that agreed with this. He was crowned as Richard III on 6 July 1483. 

Richard sent Edward and his brother to live in the Tower of London. A few months later, the princes in the tower disappeared and were never seen again. This became the mystery of the Princes in the Tower. At the time, many people believed that King Richard had ordered someone to kill them. Many historians agree, but there is no way to be certain. Richard was not in London at the time, but the boys were guarded by men who were loyal to him. As people started to believe that Richard had ordered the boys to be killed, many people turned against him. One of them was Richard's friend the Duke of Buckingham, who started a rebellion that failed. Henry Tudor, a distant relative of the House of Lancaster, then became Richard's main enemy. He returned to England and raised an army.

Richard and Henry's armies fought each other at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485. Henry won the battle and became the next King of England, as Henry VII. Richard was killed in the battle, though probably not by Henry himself. He was the last English king to die in battle. He suffered thirteen head wounds, with two so severe that they would have killed him almost immediately. After the battle, his body was stripped of clothing and carried naked on the back of a horse to Leicester. He was buried in Greyfriars Church.

Greyfriars church was later demolished and the site became part of the garden of a large house. For about 200 years, a stone pillar marked the site of the grave. This had disappeared by 1844. Other buildings were added to the site over the years. By 1944, the area around the grave had become a car park for the nearby council offices. For a while, people thought that the body had been thrown into the river. There is a sign by the Bow Bridge in Leicester that tells this story, but it was not true.

In 2012, archaeologists began a project to try to find the body. On 24 August 2012, they started digging in the car park and found a skeleton on the first day. On 12 September, they suggested that the skeleton was that of Richard III. On 4 February 2013, they announced that they were sure it was him. They had used DNA testing to make sure. His skeleton shows that he had been killed by two head wounds, which similar to how 15th century writers had said he had died. It also shows that the body was further damaged after his death.

Richard's skeleton revealed he had serious scoliosis. It was so severe that had he lived in the modern time, he would have been eligible to participate in the London 2012 Summer Paralympics.

On 26 March 2015, Richard III's body was reburied. It now lies in a tomb in Leicester Cathedral.

There has been discussion for many years about whether Richard III was a good king or a bad king. During his reign, which lasted only two years, he was very popular in parts of the country, especially the north of England. However, there were enough people who hated him to make sure that his enemies were able to raise a big army against him and defeat him in battle.

It is often said that "history is written by the winners". After Henry VII won, Richard III was often treated as a villain in writings and stories. For example, in Shakespeare's play "Richard III", he is shown to be totally evil. On the other hand, some writers from the time of Richard's reign make him a hero and ignore his flaws.

In 1605, William Camden wrote "he lived wickedly, yet made good laws". Modern historians also try to be careful when judging Richard III. For example, some historians have praised him for giving ordinary people more rights. However, many also think that he really did order the killing of the Princes in the Tower.

Among the laws Richard III made were removing limits on the printing and sale of books, more rights to people accused of a crime, laws to protect people from fraud when land was sold, bans on other types of fraud and changing the law from French into English. He created the Council of the North, which for the next 150 years would help solve problems in Northern England.


Tampa Bay Rays

The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball team that plays in St. Petersburg, Florida. They play in the American League East division. From 1998 until November 2007, They were known as the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. In 2008, the team changed their name to the "Rays". Their home stadium is Tropicana Field located in St, Petersburg.

The Rays played their first game on March 31, 1998 against the Detroit Tigers (as the Tampa Bay Devil Rays), which they lost 11-6. They were one of the least successful teams in the Major Leagues until 2008, when they finished in first place in the American League East and had one of the best records in baseball. They made it to the World Series but were beaten by Philadelphia in five games. Evan Longoria brought the team's first AL Rookie of the Year award to the team on November 10, 2008. The Rays returned to the World Series in 2020 but lost again, this time to the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games.

On November 8, 2007, the team changed its name to Tampa Bay Rays. The "Devil Ray" mascot was a type of stingray. While this is still a mascot of theirs, the new "Rays" name is said to represent the sunshine in Florida.

The Rays have rivalries with two teams. The Boston Red Sox is one due to the 2008 American League Championship Series, the other is the Florida Marlins due their in-state location. When the Rays and Marlins meet during inter-league play (when the American League (Rays) and National League (Marlins) play each other) it is known as the "Citrus Series".


Flux Of Pink Indians

Flux of Pink Indians was political punk band. It was formed in Hertfordshire, England in 1980. Flux of Pink Indians was made up of Colin Latter (vocals), Derek Birkett (bass), Kevin Hunter (guitar) and Martin Wilson (drums). The band was originally called the Epileptics and later changed their name to Epi-X after complaints from the British Epilepsy Association. In 1981, the group signed on with the Crass label. They took on the organization's dedication to anarchist politics and punk abrasion. They issued their debut album "Neu Smell" soon after signing. With that album they got an indie hit with "Johnny Kidd".

Upon creating their own label, Spiderleg, Flux of Pink Indians resurfaced in 1982 with the album "Strive to Survive Causing Least Suffering Possible". Not surprisingly, their 1983 follow-up "The Fucking Cunts Treat Us Like Pricks" was banned by many British retailers. One Manchester indie record store which did carry the record was charged for displaying "obscene articles for publication for gain." A long time off followed before the group - now known as Flux - returned in 1986 with the largely instrumental "Uncarved Block". They disbanded in 1987; Derek Birkett later the One Little Indian label.

Their latest CD came out in 2003.


Canadian Football League

The Canadian Football League (CFL; , LCF) is a professional sports league in Canada. They play Canadian football and are they highest level of competition for the sport. The CFL is the second most popular sports league in Canada after the NHL. There are 9 teams; 4 in the Eastern Division and 5 Western Division. The Grey Cup is the championship for the CFL. The league was founded on January 19, 1958, making it the second oldest professional gridiron football league in North America that still operates.

However, several of its teams played for many years before the modern league was formed. One current team, the Toronto Argonauts, was formed in 1873, and four other teams claim descent from teams that played before 1900.

Shorts

Shorts are short length trousers or pants that reach only to the upper part of the legs or more, but do not cover the entire leg. They are worn by both men and women. Shorts are worn either as outer garments or as underwear. They are called "shorts" because they are a shortened version of "trousers" (as they are called in British English, or "pants" in American English) which cover the entire leg.

Why people wear shorts:

There are many types of shorts:


Swimsuit

A swimsuit, bathing suit (sometimes shortened to bathers), or swimming costume (sometimes shortened to cozzie) is clothing designed to be worn for swimming.
Swimming trunks are a pair of shorts or briefs worn for swimming or bathing.

In New Zealand English and some areas of Australian English, swimsuits are usually called togs. This term is less common in other parts of the English-speaking world where it may refer to clothes in general. Swimsuits can be skin-tight or loosely fitting. They range from garments designed to preserve as much modesty as possible to garments designed to reveal as much of the body as possible without actual nudity. They are often lined with a fabric that prevents them from becoming transparent when wet.

Bacteria grow well on wet or damp swimsuits. For this reason people should change rapidly from a wet swimsuit to a dry one. Doctors also say that for this reason sharing unwashed swimsuits is s bad idea.

Pangram

Pangrams are sentences that have one or more of every letter in an alphabet. They are used to show every letter in a font, or to test a keyboard or typewriter.

The most common example in English is "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog".

Binary

Binary is base 2 number system. It is base 2 because it uses two possible numbers: 0 and 1. Decimal, the system most of the world uses for daily life, is a base 10 system – it uses 10 characters (0–9). When binary numbers are written, a subscript "(2)" is added to distinguish them from the same number in base 10.

Computers work in binary, because wires can store information in two different ways: by being powered, or not being powered. Sets of binary numbers can be used to represent any information, such as text, audio, or video. 

When being introduced to binary numbers, it helps to go back and think about how base 10 or decimal numbers work. Consider the number 1101 (base 10). We identify this number as one-thousand, one-hundred, one because it has a 1 in the thousands place, a 1 in the hundreds place, and a 1 in the ones place. But since the places represent 8, 4, 2, and 1 in binary, instead of 1000, 100, 10, and 1, the value converted to decimal (base 10) would be 8 + 4 + 1 = 13. 

For another example, the binary number 101 is 5 in decimal. The bit on the right is 1 and has a value of 1 (2^0). The middle bit has a value of 2 (2^1 or just 2), but it is a 0, so it is not added. The bit on the left is 1 and has a value of 4 (2^2 or 2 * 2). The bits that are 1s have values of 1 and 4. 1 + 4 = 5.

All computers use binary at the lowest level. Most hard memory, like compact discs and DVDs, use binary to represent large files.

With computers, eight binary bits together is called a "byte". The size of files is commonly measured in "kilobytes" or "megabytes" (sometimes in "gigabytes"). A kilobyte is 1000 bytes. A megabyte is 1000 kilobytes, a gigabyte is 1000 megabytes and a terabyte is 1000 gigabytes. Sometimes, it is easier to measure bytes in groups of 1024, since 1024 is a power of 2. There are 1024 bytes in a "kibibyte", 1024 kibibytes in a "mebibyte", and 1024 mebibytes in a "gibibyte". 

Electronic

Electronic could mean:

Common loon

The great Northern diver or common loon is a bird. It belongs to the diver family of birds. Adult birds are between 70 and 90 cm in length, and have wingspans of 1.20 metres to 1.50 metres. 

The Great Northern Loon breeds in North America, Greenland, Iceland, and Scotland. This species winters on sea coasts or on large lakes of south Europe and the United States, and south to northwestern areas of Africa.

This species, like all divers, is a specialist fish-eater. It catches its prey underwater, diving as deep as 200 feet (60 m). Freshwater diets include pike, perch, sunfish, trout, and bass; salt-water diets consist oinclude rock fish, flounder, sea trout, and herring.

The female lays 1 to 3 eggs on a hollowed-out mound of dirt and vegetation very close to water. Both parents build the nest, sit on the egg or eggs, and feed the young.

Limit

A limit can be:






Ziziphus mauritiana

Ziziphus mauritiana (or Indian jujube) is a type of fruit tree. It is most often found in south-east Asia, usually India.

Azuki bean

The azuki bean is a type of reddish-brown colored bean. It can also be spelled adzuki. The bean is grown in East Asia and the Himalayas. It is often boiled in sugar to make a red bean paste. This paste is used in Chinese, Korean, and Japanese cooking. Azuki beans are eaten in many places in the world. Especially, azuki beans are used in sweet meals, snacks and dishes in Japan, China, Korea and Vietnam. Azuki beans have a long and varied history and there are many recipes. 

"Azuki" beans are very famous red beans in Japan. Excavations suggest that people have been eating "Azuki" beans since the Jomon period. At that time, "Azuki" beans were called ""shozu"". 

"Azuki" beans have been grown since the "Yayoi" period. The first time the word ""Azuki"" was used was in the book ""Koziki"". Old Japanese said ""Aka"" for red. And "Azuki" beans were called ""zuki"" because " Azuki" beans get soft when they are boiled. ""Aka"" plus ""zuki"" is ""Azuki"" and this is the origin of "Azuki" bean's name. Another "Azuki" beans has many origins.

"Azuki" beans are red, so many old people believed "Azuki" beans were a good luck charm. "Azuki" beans were used in many events and ceremonies in Japan, China and Korea. In the "Edo" period, people made rice mixed with "Azuki" 
beans. This was called sekihan and many people gave "sekihan" at ceremonies. "Azuki" beans were used as medicine, because "Azuki" beans are nutritious. Now many people eat "sekihan" when there are ceremonies in Japan. In addition "Azuki" beans are used in many Japanese cakes, Many sweets use "Azuki" raw materials for the taste and colour. So "Azuki" beans are closely related to Japanese life from ancient times.

Azuki beans make bean jam. A sweet porridge of boiled and crushed azuki beans are eaten with rice-flour dumplings. Oval-shaped sweets are made from glutinous rice and covered with azuki bean. Bean-jam pancakes and bean-jam filled buns are also popular snacks. Azuki beans are also used in pillows and beanbags.

First, the azuki beans are boiled until the azuki skin stretches. The beans are then put into a perforated basket. Next, the azuki are boiled again for a short time to remove harshness. They are again put into perforated basket to drain. While they are draining, a big pan for steaming is prepared. The azuki are put in the pan and covered with a lid. The azuki beans are steamed and then heat is turned off. After steaming you have azuki bean mash, which is then dried on a cloth. The next step is putting them back in a pan to bring to a hot temperature. The azuki are taken out of the pan which is hot from flame. Sugar is added. The sugar and azuki are mixed and the water from the azuki is left. Finally, the azuki is cooled. When the beans are cold, it is finished.

Azuki bean jam is used in many foods. For example, a fish-shaped waffle is filled with azuki bean jam. Azuki bean jam foods are famous in Japan, and they are eaten by many Japanese.

Jalapeño

The jalapeño is a type of Mexican pepper. It is a form of the Chili pepper. It is pronounced "hala-PAYN-nyo" or "hala-PEE-nyo"It is named after the city of Xalapa, which is the capital of the Mexican state of Veracruz. A chipotle is a smoked, dried jalapeño. . The jalapeño is a reasonably spicy pepper, rated at between 2.500 and 8.000 Scoville. It is commonly sold in Mexico, and the southern United States, where it is used for cooking.

Jalapeños accound for about 30% of Mexican chili production. 


Gooseberry

A gooseberry is a type of fruit, specifically a berry, and they belong to the same family as the currant. They have a greenish colour, although they darken to a purplish-red as they ripen. Gooseberries look similar to ungrown clementines, and the skin is covered in little hairs. Gooseberries are sometimes informally called goosegogs in the British Isles, although this term is not as common in the present day. Often, gooseberries are made into jams and preserves, but can be consumed in a variety of ways such as in baked goods or eaten straight off the bush. They have a taste and texture that is similar to grapes, albeit more acidic; they are sour when they are green and become sweeter as they turn red/purple.

“It’s hard to believe I’m eating a berry made out of geese, because I’m not. That’s a lie, made up by someone in the 1500s, 489 years before the release of unrelated Belgian techno anthem Pump up the Jam.” - Philomena Cunk

Quince

The quince is a fruit that grows on small trees. It is in the same family as apples and pears. It starts green colored and then ripens to a bright golden yellow color, and looks like a bumpy lemon.

The quince fruit is too hard to eat. It can be cooked to make it soft, or it can be left out on purpose to rot. If it is damaged by frost, that helps start the process of making it soft and good to eat. Quinces are mainly used for making jelly and jam. The interior of a quince is white when it is raw, but it becomes pinkish orange when it is cooked. When the jam is made it will be these colors 

Açaí palm

The Açaí palm (Assai palm) is a type of palm tree. There are seven different types of Açaí palms. The tree grows in Central and South America. It has a black-purple fruit about the size of a grape called a "euterpe". The seed inside is very big. The fruit grows in bunches of 700 to 900 fruits.

The palms are mainly used for two things: First, salads called palmitos (heart of palm) can be made from the leaves; for this, the tree needs to be cut down. Secondly, the fruits can be made into a fruit juice that is said to be very healthy.


Pomegranate

The pomegranate ("Punica granatum") is a fruit-bearing deciduous shrub or small tree that grows between tall. The pomegranate originated in the region extending from Anatolia to northern India or South Asia.

Although previously placed in its own family Punicaceae, recent phylogenetic studies have shown that "Punica" belongs in the family Lythraceae, and it is classified in that family by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group.

Today, it's widely cultivated throughout the Mediterranean countries. It is the most recognizable symbols of Armenia. In Armenian mythology it symbolizes fertility and good fortune. It was a guardian against the evil eye.

Pomegranate has been used for thousands of years. Ancient people used it for high blood pressure, athletic performance, heart disease and diabetes. It's mentioned in Greek, Hebrew, Buddhist and Christian mythology and writings. It's described in records dating from around 1500 BCE as a treatment for tapeworm and other parasites. Pomegranate is one of the "seven kinds" of fruit mentioned in the Bible which Israel was blessed with long ago. It grew in the region for thousand of years and is very much adapted to:it sheds its leaves in the cold of our winters, while it sprouts in early spring when temperature rise. It ripens at the end of the summer, very close to the beginning of the Jewish New Year. it was and is used for decoration and blessing in ceremonies of the New Year celebration and the later holidays. It decorated temples in the past and appeared on ancient coins. Because of its decorative value in Israel, its selection was done mainly for external appearance , not so much for eating quality. Nice colour and crown are very important characteristics of the fruit. It was found in Indus Valley so early. It was cultivated in Egypt before the time of Moses. Arab caravans, many emanating from the lush oasis that was ancient Baghdad, probbably spread its use. 

The pomegranate tree is native from Iran to Himalayas in Northern India and has been cultivated since ancient times throughout the Mediterranean region of Asia, Africa and Europe. The most important growing regions are Egypt, China, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Iran, Iraq, India, Burma, Sri Lanka and Saudi Arabia. There are some commercial orchards in Israel on the coastal pain and in Jordan Valley.

The name "pomegranate" comes from medieval Latin "pōmum" "apple" and "grānātum" "seeded".

The French term for pomegranate, "grenade", has given its name to the military grenade.

Common names in some other languages are:

"Punica granatum", the scientific name of the pomegranate, was given by Carolus Linnaeus in 1753 in "Species Plantarum" (Vol. 1, page 472). "Punica" comes from the Latin name for the pomegranate, "malum punicum", meaning "apple from Carthage", and "granatum" from medieval Latin meaning "seeded", "with seeds".

The pomegranate is a shrub or small tree that could grow up to 10 meters of height with many branches with spines. Leaves are opposite long and broad. The flowers are yellow to bright red and in diameter, with three to seven petals.

Fruits are berries with a strong skin, like leather, intermediate in size between a lemon and a grapefruit, in diameter. Fruits have many seeds with and edible coats (called sacrotesta). The number of seeds in a pomegranate can vary from 200 to about 1400.

"P. granatum" var. "nana" is a dwarf variety of "P. granatum" popularly planted as an ornamental plant in gardens and larger containers, and used as a bonsai specimen tree.

The pomegranate originated in the region of modern-day Armenia, and has been cultivated since ancient times throughout the Mediterranean region and northern India. It was brought into America in the late 16th century, including California, by Spanish settlers.

Today, it is widely cultivated throughout the Middle East and Caucasus region, north and tropical Africa, the Indian subcontinent, Central Asia, the drier parts of southeast Asia, and parts of the Mediterranean Basin. It is also cultivated in parts of Arizona and California.

 Annie has a big Panini


Pole

Pole could mean:





Punt (boat)

A punt is a flat boat with a broad front. It is designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water. Punting means boating in a punt. The punter pushes a pole against the river bed (the bottom of the river) and this gives the punt a way to move.

Punts were originally built as cargo boats or platforms. They were for shooting at birds and fishing. In modern times they are mostly used for pleasure trips on the rivers in the university towns of Oxford and Cambridge in England. There are also races at summer regattas on the Thames. 

Poles for pleasure punts are normally made of spruce, or aluminium. A normal pole is about 12–16 feet (4–5 m) long and weighs about 10 lb (5 kg). In Oxford and Cambridge 16 ft long poles are sometimes used.

The bottom of the pole has a metal "shoe", a rounded lump of metal to protect the end. The shoe is sometimes made in the shape of a swallow tail.





Horizontal

Horizontal is a direction perpendicular to the vertical. That is, it goes in all directions except up and down. The term comes from the horizon.

Moat

A moat is a body of water around a castle or town to keep people out. The moat was introduced between 1154 and 1485. At first, moats were simple and used only for protection. Later on, moats became more complicated and were used for show.

Moats are deep, wide ditches filled with water. They were usually built near sources of water that flowed into the moats, filling them with water. The moats were filled with water for a few reasons. It made enemies swimming across the moat easy targets. It also made it impossible for enemies to dig underneath the castle walls, which was a common method of attack. It also prevented fires from destroying the castle.

The word "moat" comes from the French word "motte", which means hill. Moats were first used in the Medieval period, from 1016 to 1164. Castles were built on the top of high hills. The area at the bottom of the hill was eventually called the moat.

Castle moats were usually between 5 and 40 feet deep, and they were not always filled with water. Not all moats contained water, as a simple dry, wide ditch could prove an obstacle. These were called dry moats.

In many stories, moats are filled with alligators or crocodiles. This is a myth. However, moats were sometimes filled with fish or eels for food.

Filter (internet)

A filter is a website feature that removes some kinds of content. This can be to stop the user viewing the unwanted content. It can also be to stop the user posting content the site does not want. Internet filters most often work by stopping certain words being used. Filters to stop other content, such as certain kinds of pictures, can also be used. A filter can be used to only stop a certain kind of user seeing the content, children for example.

Filters are very common in e-mail systems. Online games, usually children's games, sometimes have filters. Wikis have filters, too.

In the US, there is a filter used with TV called the V-chip. Sometimes parents use it when they want to control what their children are allowed to watch.

The items that a filter might be used to remove can include:

Online and offline

"Online" and "offline" are terms used in telecommunications. If a computer or a user is connected to the Internet, it is said to be "online". A website, for example, is online, because it is on the Internet.

If something is not online, it is said to be "offline". If a system is offline, it is in a disconnected state.

Online can also mean that something is set up correctly and ready to what it is supposed to do. For example:



Snowman

A snowman is a statue of a person made of snow. Snowmen are usually made when people make three balls of snow that are different sizes.(In Japan, snowmen are made by two snowballs) They will stack the balls on top of each other to make a snowman, and stick some things in it to make it look more like a person like a scarf, pebbles, buttons and a carrot (for the nose). 

The biggest snowman in the US was built on February 26, 2008, which was 122 feet and 1 inch long.

Sand castle

Sand castles are castles made of sand and water. People have taken making sand castles and turned it into an type of art called sand sculpture. Sand castles are often made on a sandy beach or in a sandpit.

Utility pole

A utility pole, telegraph pole, telephone pole, power pole, or telegraph post is a post or pole upon which telephone network equipment is situated. Similar poles are often used for electricity cables (with pylons being used for only the higher voltage applications) and frequently a pole will share both power and communications lines. Telegraph poles first became commonplace in the middle 19th century. At first they had only one wire, then in urban areas many. In Canada, the poles are commonly referred to as hydro poles, as the electric companies commonly have "Hydro" in their name.

Utility poles are usually wooden, but vary greatly from nation to nation. Other common utility pole materials are steel and concrete, with composites (fibreglass) becoming used more often. In some countries, for example the UK, poles have sets of brackets arranged in a standard pattern up the pole to act as hand and foot holds for those working on the equipment or connections atop the pole.


High School Musical

High School Musical is a 2006 Disney television movie, starring Zac Efron, Vanessa Anne Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Corbin Bleu, Monique Coleman and Lucas Grabeel. Its sequel is "High School Musical 2".

This film is produced by Salty Pictures and First Street Films.

The story is set in New Mexico. It is about two high school students, Troy Bolton, who is captain of his school's basketball team, and Gabriella Montez, a shy new student who is good in mathematics and science. Together, they try out for the lead parts in their high school musical. Despite other students' attempts to foil their dreams, Troy and Gabriella persist and inspire others along the way. They also make new friends.


Redcurrant

A redcurrant ("Ribes rubrum") is a type of fruit. It is related to the blackcurrant. They are in the same genus "Ribes". They can be found growing in the wild in western Europe (France, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany and northern Italy).

The redcurrant is more tart than the blackcurrant. Redcurrants are used in jams and other cooked foods.

Alex Trebek

George Alexander "Alex" Trebek (July 22, 1940 – November 8, 2020) was a Canadian-American television game show host. He hosted "Jeopardy!" from 1984 until his death in 2020. He was born in Greater Sudbury, Ontario. He became a naturalized American citizen in 1998. In 2011, he snapped his achilles tendon while trying to stop a thief trying to rob his San Francisco hotel room.

In March 2019, Trebek announced that he had been diagnosed with stage IV pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease more than a year and a half later on November 8, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 80. The same disease previously affected his predecessor on "Jeopardy!", Art Fleming, 25 years earlier. He had been contracted to host "Jeopardy!" until 2022.

Following Trebek's death, a series of guest hosts filled in for Trebek for the remainder of season 37 of "Jeopardy!" (his final season). On July 27, 2022, it was announced that Mayim Bialik and Ken Jennings will succeed Trebek as the permanent hosts of "Jeopardy!" after alternating in multi-week stints for the remainder of the show's 38th season after Mike Richards (the show's then executive producer who briefly succeeded Trebek as host of the program) was let go after taping a week's worth of episodes after various controversies came to light.

On August 19, 2021, prior to the start of "Jeopardy!" season 38 taping, the producers of "Jeopardy!" re-dedicated Stage 10 at Sony Pictures Studios, the show's longtime home, the Alex Trebek Stage in his honor, with his family present at the dedication.



Clementine

A clementine is a type of citrus fruit. It has a bright orange rind. They have a diameter of about 3 to 5 inches. Clementines are easy to peel and have no seeds. They are grown in California, and are usually available from November to January.

They were more popular outside the United States than inside, but in 1997, there were not many Florida oranges available because it was very cold. People bought clementines instead, which made them more popular. They are still popular today.

Clementines are popular in the winter months. They are usually found in wooden crates in the supermarket. A popular clementine brand is called Cuties.

They are named after a French monk, Père Clément Rodier, who lived in North Africa at the beginning of the 20th century. He either found a natural mutation of the mandarin orange, which he grew, or he created a hybrid of the mandarin and the Seville oranges. The fruit, however, may have originated long before in Asia.

Ugli fruit

An ugli is a type of citrus fruit. It is related to the lemon. It started to grow quickly all across Jamaica over 80 years ago and was quickly discovered by the natives there. It became popularly known, but it did not have a name. The natives on Jamaica named it the ugli fruit because of its ugly appearance. It was shipped to the United States and South America on cargo ships and after it arrived in the Americas, its popularity only grew. The original fruit is believed to have been a hybrid formed from the Seville orange, the grapefruit, and the tangerine families. It's rich in vitamin C and other nutrients, low in calories, and contains powerful anti-inflammatory antioxidants called flavonoids. Most tangelos are free of furanocoumarins, which means they may be safe for those taking certain medications. Ugli fruit is a tasty way to enjoy the many benefits of citrus fruit.


Duralumin

Duralumin is an alloy made up of 90% aluminum, 4% copper, 0.5–1% magnesium, and less than 1% manganese.
It is an extremely hard alloy that is used, for example, in vehicle armour in the defense industry.


Mango

A mango is a type of fruit. The mango tree is native to South Asia, from where it has been taken to become one of the most widely cultivated fruits in the tropics. It is harvested in the month of March (summer season) until the end of May. 

Pakistan and India share the major export market of mangoes. It is also their national fruit. Ripe mangoes are very sweet in taste but they are bitterly sour before they ripen. There are many different types of mangoes found in India such as Langra, Dusshera, Chausa, Tota, and Safadi. Alphonso mangoes can be found in various parts of western India.

These mangoes are also indigenous to the southern part of Nigeria, Akwa Ibom. Described by these southerners (the Ibibios) as Grade 1 mangoes. 


Mango also has a variety of other health advantages. You may learn more about these advantages here .

The tree is mainly known for its fruit rather than for its wood. However, mango trees can be converted to lumber once their fruit bearing lifespan had finished. The wood is susceptible to damage from fungi and insects. The wood is used for musical instruments such as Ukeleles, plywood and low-cost furniture. The wood is also known to produce phenolic substances that can cause dermatitis. It was the state tree of Junagadh State.

Shuttlecock

A shuttlecock is used in the sport badminton. The shuttlecock center is hit with a badminton racquet over the net, in this fast sport. A shuttlecock is also called a shuttle. Other names for shuttlecock are bird, or birdie, because it can be made with feathers.

Shuttlecocks can be made of many types of materials, including plastic and feathers. It creates a cone shape, and is held together by a round center, usually made of cork or rubber. The cone shape the feathers, or other materials create is called a shuttlecock skirt.

In North America and Europe, feather shuttlecocks cost more. In Asia, where the prices of feathers are lower, shuttles made of plastic are rarely used; feather shuttles are used.

It is harder to hit a feather shuttlecock fast, because there is more drag. They are also less durable than plastic shuttles. Experienced badminton players usually play with feather shuttlecocks, and in competition, badminton is almost always played with feather shuttles. They feel that feather shuttles give them more control, and better play is needed to hit feather shuttles. 

In school gyms and amateur/beginner clubs in Europe and North America, plastic shuttlecocks are more often used than feather ones. This is to save feathers, since plastic shuttlecocks do not break easily. Feathers on the feather shuttles bend or break if the player does not hit the cork or rubber center. 

Janne Da Arc

Janne Da Arc formed on May 9, 1996. In early time, they put on make-up like X Japan. Its members are vocalist Yasu, guitarist You, bassist Ka-Yu, keyboardist Kiyo and drummer Shuji. The origin of the band name is a character of Japanese comic, ""Devilman"".

Fans were called "Darcar" in the days of the early days. Now they are called "Janner".

Their song "Gettkouka" was used as the opening music for the cartoon "Black Jack" on television, so this song is famous.

Janne Da Arc stopped making music in 2006. Yasu formed a new band, Acid Black Cherry.




Olive

Olive can mean the things below:


Olive (fruit)

The olive ("Olea europaea") is the fruit of the olive tree. It is an important food crop in countries around the Mediterranean Sea, and places with a Mediterranean climate. 

It is a healthy food but rather fatty. It has olive oil, one of the fattiest cooking oils in use, even more than palm, canola and other vegetable oils. Olive oil is the juice made by crushing olives. It is considered to be healthier alternative to sunflower oil.

In Roman literature, the olive branch is used as a symbol of peace: "extending the olive branch". In Christianity, too, it is seen as a symbol of peace, because according to the Bible, a dove brought an olive branch to Noah to show that the flood was over. Many writers and illustrators use olive branches around text to give it greater artistic credit (a similar effect is achieved with wheat). 

The raw olives are very bitter. They are "cured" mostly by bacterial fermentation. Later they may be alternately washed with water and packed with salt. The procedures vary a lot, and different varieties of olives get different treatment. The bitter chemical "oleuropein", a phenol compound, has to be broken down or removed. This is what the curing process does. Even so, olives still often do have a rather bitter taste. There is a variety called "Kalamata" which grows around 
kalamata region in Greece. The olives which are eaten raw and have a very pleasant taste. 

Olives are mainly known as a fruit but some people identify them as a vegetable.

Star Trek: Voyager

Star Trek: Voyager was the fourth television series based in the "Star Trek" universe. It features a starship, "Voyager", lost on the other side of the galaxy. It also has the first important female ship's captain.

Killamery

Killamery is a village in County Kilkenny, Ireland. It was the site of a monastery which was built in about 632 and has a High Cross.


Speed limit

A speed limit is a legal limit on how fast a road vehicle can be driven. Some roads also have a minimum speed limit, which is how slow a vehicle is allowed to travel.

Reducing speed reduces the number of accidents by giving more time to the driver to manage their vehicle. Reduces the consequences of an accident by reducing the energy involved in that crash.

Because the emission of air pollutants increases disproportionately with increasing speed, speed limits are used to protect the climate and the environment. They are also used to reduce noise pollution.

Minimizing the speed differences in traffic leads to more consistent speeds, which increases road capacity and reduces the risk of congestion. This improves the flow of traffic.

Due to the lower probability and severity of accidents, there are also fewer accident-related closures with a speed limit.

Speed limits are also used because they can create a more relaxed atmosphere for drivers.

In the UK, the speed limit in towns is usually 30 miles per hour, which is about 50 km/h, and the speed limit on dual carriageways and motorways is usually 70 miles per hour, which is about 105 km/h. In France, the speed limit on motorways is usually 130 kilometres per hour, which is about 80 miles per hour. Also, in the United States, most highways are from 65 to 70 miles per hour, and freeways are from 55 to 80 miles per hour. In Canada, the speed limit is usually about 100 km/h. In Australia the speed limit on freeways, highways and rural roads is between 100 and 130 kilometres per hour, and in towns and cities between 40 and 60 km/h but can go up to 90 km/h.

Nowadays, in the European Union, speed limits may vary from country to country or from region to region. Typical speed limits are 130 km/h or 120 km/h on rural motorways, between 80 and 100 km/h for rural roads, 70 km/h on point requiring a reduced speed, 50 km/h in main urban roads, and 30 km/h on residential urban areas.

Germany does not have a general speed limit for its motorways, but a recommended speed ("Richtgeschwindigkeit") of 130 km/h. Sometimes, there are also variable or temporary speed limits.

However, most Germans want a speed limit.

There are also many organizations that support a speed limit in Germany like Deutscher Verkehrssicherheitsrat, Auto Club Europa, Verkehrsclub Deutschland, Deutsche Umwelthilfe, Bund für Umwelt und Naturschutz Deutschland, Greenpeace, World Wide Fund for Nature, Sachverständigenrat für Umweltfragen, Wuppertal Institut für Klima, Umwelt, Energie gGmbH, Gewerkschaft der Polizei, Deutscher Ärztetag, Umweltbundesamt and Evangelische Kirche in Mitteldeutschland.

Pure Pwnage

Pure Pwnage is an Internet video series. It is about a man named Jeremy who spends his days playing video games and making fun of other people, or as he calls them, "n00bs". The first season of the show had 12 episodes. The people who make the show are planning to make at least two more seasons and maybe a full length movie. The first season ends with a cliffhanger that leads into the second season. The second season is expected to be put online in 2007.

The show started when two friends got together and made a short video of the main character talking about video games. Inspired by the cultural phenomenon that online video gaming has become, and the series creators' personal online experiences; the series actually spawned from a project for film school. After they uploaded the video onto the Internet, it got downloaded a few thousand times, so they made "Episode 1: Life of a Pro Gamer". The character 'Jeremy'(Played by Jarett Cale), also known as 'teh_pwnerer', was designed to comically represent, and almost stereotype, online gamers around the world. This concept was based loosely around the idea of a person who had grown up doing nothing but online gaming; whose entire vocabulary and social mannerisms were molded solely by internet interactions. As such, the episode was supposed to be a mockumentary of sorts, as Jeremy is followed and filmed by younger brother 'Kyle'(Geoff Lapaire) (Played depicting "A day in the life of a ProGamer". After this became very popular, they made episodes 2 and 3. When episode 4 was downloaded roughly 3000 times, they decided that they should pursue this full-time. Throughout the series, the characters make use of many expressions in videogame terminology, including "noob", "uber-micro" and of course "pwnage".

The series has introduced several other recurring characters, such as:

The series has also adopted a dynamic storyline in favour of its original, pseudo-casual style of interviews. Despite the additional casting and switch towards plot driven episodes, the series remains true to its satirical view of current trends in the gaming industry and the greater online community. The series has quickly developed a large fan base, spanning across multiple continents, and only continues in its success as its 2nd season comes to a close.


Support

Support may mean the following:


West Africa

West Africa or Western Africa is the western part of Africa. According to the United Nations (UN), West Africa has seventeen countries:



Nun

Nun is a woman who made a special vow (or promise) dedicating herself to a religious life. Catholic nuns are said to "take the veil" as a symbol of their new life. Roman Catholic nuns are the most commonly thought of nuns in the West, but nuns are found in different forms of Christianity as well as non-Christian religions such as Buddhism. A fully ordained Buddhist nun is called a bhikkhuni or bhiksuni; ordained novices are sāmaṇerī. A nun is the female version of a monk.


List of Formula One World Drivers' Champions

The Formula One World Drivers' Championship (WDC) is the most successful Formula One race car driver of the year. The award is given by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) to the driver who scores the most points during a season.

The WDC was first awarded in 1950, to Giuseppe "Nino" Farina. The first driver to win more than one Championship was Alberto Ascari, in 1952 and 1953. The latest driver awarded the championship is called the "reigning" or "defending" champion. As of the end of the 2022 Formula One season, the reigning champion is Max Verstappen of Red Bull Racing.

The FIA does not officially award the Championship until the end of the season. Sometimes one driver will be far ahead of the other drivers in points. Even if the leading driver scores no more points, none of the other drivers could pass his point total. When this happens, the driver is said to have "clinched" the Championship.

Bold indicates the team also won the Constructors' Championship (awarded since ).


Constructors still active in Formula One are in bold.

Active drivers are in bold.

Active drivers are in bold.

Active drivers are in bold.



Henry I the Fowler

Henry I the Fowler (German: "Heinrich der Finkler" or "Heinrich der Vogler"; Latin: "Henricius Auceps") (876–2 July 936) was the duke of Saxony from 912 and king of the Germans from 919 until his death. He was the first of the Ottonian Dynasty of German kings and emperors and therefore he is generally considered to be the founder and first king of the medieval German state, that was known until then as East Francia. As he was an eager hunter, he was called "the Fowler" (someone who hunts wildfowl) because it was said he was fixing birding nets when messengers arrived to inform him that he was to be king.

Propeller

A propeller makes an aircraft, ship, or submarine in water or air go by making a big wind or a strong stream. It does this by turning two or more wings very quick. The blades of a propeller act as rotating wings, and produce force through application of both Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law, generating a difference in pressure between the forward and rear surfaces of the airfoil-shaped blades.


Fluid

A fluid is a substance that can move easily and change shape such as water (liquids), or air (gases), or plasmas. They can 'flow'- flow and fluids both come from the same English word roots (Latin: "fluere" "to flow") and are pronounced similarly. The physics of fluids is called fluid mechanics.

Fluids usually take on the shape of their containers, in contrast to solids which maintain their own shape.

Some things are not exactly fluid and not exactly solid, such as Silly Putty. Powders are made up of small solids that appear to flow but don't actually.

Most fluids have a freezing point. At this temperature it becomes solid. 


Ebony

Ebony can mean many things:


Shelter

A shelter is a place where someone or something is put in or goes to be kept safe or hidden. It can also be any place where people live that "shelters" (s) them from any danger such as the weather.

There are different kinds of shelters and they are for used for different reasons.
bomb shelters and fallout shelters.

Currently, Women's Shelters are found around the United States, United Kingdom, and many other First World countries. In these places, women are there to hide or are running away from abusive or dangerous situations. In these shelters, they are given food and a place to stay for an amount of time (usually 1-3 months at a time). They are put into a support group and given a counselor. There is a high success rate in this type of place. 

Zaiger's Genetics

Zaiger's Genetics is an American company that breeds fruit trees. They are in Modesto, California. They have created fruits such as the Aprium (apricot and plum), the Nectarcot (nectarine and apricot), Peacotum (peach, apricot and plum) and the pluot (plum and apricot).

They are dedicated to improving fruit worldwide.

In 2009 Floyd Zaiger was named one of the "top ten most creative people in food" by Fast Company.

Zaiger's Genetics gives fruit tours to commercial growers every Wednesday. An article in "Western Fruit Grower" titled "Wednesdays With Floyd" described a typical Wednesday with the Zaiger family.


Almond

The almond, Prunus dulcis, is a small tree in the family Rosaceae. "Almond" is also the name of the edible and widely cultivated 'nut' of this tree.

Native to Iran and bordering regions, almonds are also grown in places with Mediterranean climates.

The fruit of the almond has an outer hull and a hard shell with the seed or nut inside. Shelling almonds means removing the shell to get the seed. Almonds are sold either shelled or unshelled.

The almond tree is about four to 10 meters tall. It has a trunk about 30 centimetres wide. The young twigs are green at first. When they are in their second year, they turn gray. The leaves are three to five inches long. The flowers are white or light pink, 3–5 cm wide with five petals.



Prunus

Prunus is a genus of plants in the family Rosaceae. It includes plums, peaches, almonds, apricots and cherries.



Yellow avens

Yellow avens is a type of flowering plant It is found in the warmer areas of North America, Asia and Europe. It is 1 meter (3 feet) tall. 


Water avens

Water avens is a type of flowering plant. These flowers are small. They live in or near water.

Prunus mume

An ume ("Prunus mume") is a type of Korean and Japanese plum of the family Rosaceae. It starts out as a white flower like an almond. It is also native to China but it is not called "ume" in Chinese.

A lot of people have painted pictures of ume. It is often painted with bamboo next to it.

Filipendula

Filipendula is a family of 12 flowering plants in the family Rosaceae. Their flowers are mostly white. These plants are adapted to moist woodland conditions with partial shade preferred.

Mountain-mahogany

Mountain-mahogany is a family of 6 types of shrub. They are found in the United States and Mexico in very dry areas. They usually grow three to six meters tall but can get as tall as 13 meters. 
Mountain-mahogany is an extremely important upland forage for New Mexico Mule Deer and to a lesser extent American Elk.

Dryas (plant)

Dryas is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae.

There are three species and one hybrid:

Acaena

Acaena is a group of shrubs. They are in the family of Rosaceae.

Yellow Rose of Texas

The Yellow Rose of Texas (Harison's Yellow) is a flower in the family Rosaceae. It is a type of yellow rose. It is often found around homes in the American state of Texas and along trails in the state of Oregon. It is also called the Oregon Trail Rose.

Also mentioned in country songs such as "Solid Country Gold" by Shooter Jennings and "Texas Pride" by Miranda Lambert.

Ya pear

The Ya pear or Chinese white pear is a type of pear. It is found in northern China, where it is grown for food. These pears are very crunchy, juicy, and fragrant. They have a skin that is pale white to light yellow, and the inside is white.

Ya pears are sold everywhere in China, and can also be found in shops outside China. Outside China, they are often called Asian pears or Chinese pears.

D'Anjou

D'Anjou (also known as the poire d'Anjou or Beurré d'Anjou) is a type fruit in the family Rosaceae. It is a type of pear that first came from Anjou,France. D'Anjou pears usually cost less than other types of pears, but are not as sweet. There are two main varieties of D'Anjou:


Roseraie de L'Haÿ

Roseraie du Val-de-Marne is a garden of roses. It was created in 1894 in L'Haÿ-les-Roses, Val-de-Marne, France. It is said to be the first garden created only for roses.

Roseraie du Val-de-Marne has 13,100 rose bushes of 3200 different kinds of roses. The garden has modern French and foreign roses on one side, the formal rose garden with a reflecting pool in the center, and the old garden roses and classic roses on the other side.



Monochrome

Monochrome comes from the two Greek words "mono" (meaning "one") and "chroma" (meaning "surface" or "the colour of the skin"). If something is monochromatic, it only has a single color. 

In physics, the word is used when talking about electromagnetic radiation of a single wavelength. 

For an image, the term monochrome usually means the same as black-and-white or grayscale. It may also be used when talking about other combinations that only have two colors, for example, green-and-white or green-and-black. In computing, monochrome has two meanings:


Semitone

A semitone 
(British English) (also called a half step or a half tone) is the smallest musical interval used in Western music. It is the distance between two notes which are next to one another in pitch.

A whole tone means a distance of two semitones, i.e. the distance between two notes which are separated by one other note in pitch.

This is easy to see with a picture of a keyboard. The distance between two white notes that are side by side may be a whole tone (if there is a black note in between them) or a semitone (if there is no black note between).

To go from a C to a C sharp (or D flat) is a semitone.

To go from a C sharp (or D flat) to a D is a semitone.

To go from a C to a D is a tone.

An octave is divided into twelve semitones. These semitones are exactly equal in size.

Musical intervals are defined by a ratio of frequencies. An octave is a ratio of 2:1, so from 100 Hz to 200 Hz, and from 200 Hz to 400 Hz, are both octaves. A semitone is a ratio of the 12th root of 2 to 1, which is equal to 1.05946:1, so 1000 Hz and 1059.46 Hz are a semitone apart. A musical interval sounds better if the two notes have a small integer ratio. For this reason, it can be approximated by a ratio of 16:15 in just intonation. 


Vaud

Vaud is a canton of Switzerland. It borders the cantons of Geneva, Neuchâtel, Fribourg, Berne and Valais (west to east). The capital city is Lausanne. About 790,000 people live in the canton. Of these, about 138,000 live in Lausanne. About 82% of the population speak French as their first language.

Between 1803 and 2007, the canton of Vaud was formed out of 19 districts:


But since 2008, there is only 10 districts.

Malvern, Worcestershire

Malvern is a town in Worcestershire, England. It is an old Victorian town which was built around its famous water. It has a population of 28,749. It is home to the famous Malvern Hills, and was the birthplace of the composer Sir Edward Elgar. 


Airfoil

An airfoil (in American English, or aerofoil in British English) is the shape of a wing, or blade of a propeller, the blade of a ship's screw or the shape of a sail as seen in cross-section. When moving through a fluid it will provide lift and drag. Lift is not only up, it may be in other directions depending on what it is used for. The airfoil has a rounded leading edge (front edge of the wing) to make the airfoil more insensitive to the angle of attack.

Silly Putty

Silly Putty (originally called nutty putty) is a silicone plastic "clay", sold as a toy for children by "Binney & Smith Inc.". It was created as a scientific accident when scientists in the United States were trying to find a substitute for rubber during World War II.

Silly Putty is sold as a 0.47 oz (13 g) piece of plastic clay inside an egg-shaped plastic container. It is an example of an inorganic plastic (polymer). It has many unusual characteristics. When pressed on comics or other newspaper pages, the loose ink transfers to the Silly Putty, which is then able to be stretched out. It bounces, showing its rubber qualities. It breaks when you give it a sharp blow. It can flow like a liquid when it is slowly stretched and will "melt" into a puddle over a long enough period of time, and so shows properties of non-newtonian liquids.


Maloideae

The Maloideae (which is a Latin plural form) is a traditional name for a subfamily of plants in the rose family (Rosaceae). These plants are shrubs and small trees. The most well known Maloideae are apples and pears. Recently it has been shown that the Maloideae are a part of the traditional subfamily Amygdaloideae, and most botanists no longer use the name Maloideae.

Rowan

A Rowan is a type of fruit-bearing plant in the family Rosaceae. They grow in the cooler areas of Europe and Asia. The fruit is a 4-8 mm diameter ball. It is bright orange or red in most species, but pink, yellow or white in some Asian species. The fruit is soft and juicy.

Fragaria × vescana

Fragaria × vescana is a plant in the family Rosaceae. It is a type of strawberry. It is a mix between a Beach Strawberry and a Strawberry that is normal.

.htaccess

.htaccess is a type of computer file for the configuring of some web servers. .htaccess files can be used to create custom error pages, or to prevent visitors from directly linking pictures, also known as hot-linking to their own sites, costing the website owner bandwidth and therefore money.

A .htaccess file is put onto the website, so that people will not be able to go onto the URL of the image (picture) (example: <nowiki>www.website.com/image.filetype</nowiki>). Owners can replace this picture, after they upload the file, with a message, or it can be made to redirect to an error page.

By default, MediaWiki uses <nowiki>http://www.example.org/index.php/Main_Page</nowiki> type of URL to display the main page. But by changing the .htaccess and LocalSettings.php, it can display URLs like <nowiki>http://www.example.org/wiki/Main_Page</nowiki> so that it will look nicer (like Wikipedia).

By default, all posts made in Wordpress uses <nowiki>http://www.example.org/?p=123</nowiki> to display posts. But it can be changed into URLs like <nowiki>http://www.example.org/2010/06/postname</nowiki> in .htaccess and the permalink setting in the site admin of that blog.

htaccess file is to cache the image on the browser so that next time the website does not take much time to load.

Butcher

A butcher is person whose job is to prepare and sell meat. Some butchers also kill the animals the meat is from. Butchers also prepare sausages, and other meat-products.

Hotlinking

Hotlinking is an internet term. It means displaying an image on a website by linking to the website hosting the image. The link gets the source data of the picture each time it is needed.
This avoids having the image on every website which uses it. So, a website owner uses a link to the picture such as "<nowiki>http://example.com/picture.jpg</nowiki>". When the hotlinking website is loaded, the image is loaded from the original website, which uses its bandwidth, so it costs the hotlinked website money. For this reason many website owners use .htaccess files to prevent hotlinking. In some cases website owners use the .htaccess file to replace any hotlinked images with an offensive image to deter any other website owners from hotlinking. Hotlinked images are usually hosted on sites like imgur.

The original image may be owned by the original website. It might be wrong to make a copy of the original image file for use on a different web page, without being careful to get proper permission.

Hotlinking can also be used for file types other than images, including documents and videos.

Hotlinking is known as the act of using another website's bandwidth by linking directly to their website's assets, such as images or videos. For example, say the owner of website A is hosting a particular image on their server. The owner of website B sees that image and decides they want it on their website as well. However, instead of downloading the image and hosting it on their own server, the owner of website B links directly to website A's domain. Therefore, instead of linking to the image via their own domain such as:


They would be instead using website A's domain:


Hotlinking someone's website assets can vastly increase their hosting costs.

As a website user you should always try to avoid hotlinking assets from other websites. Doing so helps ensure that the original owner of the asset won't incur unnecessary charges and that the asset that you link to won't be inaccessible given that the owner implements hotlink protection or removes the asset. The following are a couple of solutions for avoiding hotlinking.


In both cases, ensure that you have the proper authority to use someone else's assets (e.g. the owner has given you permission or the asset is part of a creative commons license)

There are some steps that you can take to prevent hotlinking.

Some CDN providers provide in-built hotlinking protection. 

An alternative way to prevent hotlinking on your website is to directly block specific websites that try to use your content. All you have to do is create a detailed list of websites you don't want using your content, and then block them one by one.

This is one of the easiest and most effective ways to prevent hotlinking. If you notice a spike in traffic or find that numerous sites are hotlinking to a particular piece of content, simply renaming or changing the URL of that content can do wonders.

Platforms such as WordPress have plugins available that prevent hotlinking.

This is a slightly advanced but 100% effective way to prevent hotlinking as it disallows hotlinking from the source server. Use .htaccess (For Apache Servers) OR edit "ngx_http_referer_module" (For Servers) 

For Apache Server
RewriteEngine on
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !^$
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !^http(s)?://(www\.)?yourdomain.com [NC]
RewriteRule \.(jpg|jpeg|png|gif)$ - [NC,F,L]
For Nginx Server
location ~ \.(jpg|jpeg|png|gif)$ {
The last thing you can do is file a DMCA Takedown request against the website that is stealing your content without your permission. This can be very effective if the website owner refuses to remove the hotlinks to your content.

Mount Adams (Washington)

Mount Adams is the second-highest mountain in the Pacific Northwest of North America. It is a volcano in the Cascade Range. Adams is located about 35 miles (56 km) east of Mount St. Helens.


Dazaifu, Fukuoka

Dazaifu (太宰府市, Dazaifu-shi) is a city in the Japanese prefecture of Fukuoka. It has a population of 67,428. The city was founded on April 1, 1982, but it has been historically important for around a thousand years.


There are several universities in the city:

Nuclear power

Nuclear power is the controlled use of nuclear energy. Nuclear energy can be released by nuclear reactions in a machine called a nuclear reactor. This energy boils water for a steam engine to make electricity, which then can be used to power machines and homes. In 2023, 10% of the world's electricity came from nuclear power. Nuclear power plants also make radioactive waste that could be harmful if it is not stored properly.

People have also been studying since the middle of the 20th century to use fusion power which produces much more energy and does not produce radioactive waste. Nuclear fusion reactors do not exist yet and are still being developed.

Enrico Fermi made the first nuclear reactor in the year 1941. Many reactors were built in the U.S. during World War II during the Manhattan Project. In 1954 the first nuclear power plant started in Obninsk near Moscow. Most nuclear power plants in the U.S. were built during the 1960s and 1970s. Nuclear reactors also power some large military ships and submarines.

Nuclear reactors use a process called nuclear fission, which uses atoms like uranium or plutonium (In particular the isotope Uranium 235) and splits them apart with particles called neutrons. This converts some of the mass into energy, according to Einstein's equation E=mc2. The fissionable elements are placed into rods called 'fuel rods'. The fuel rods are submerged in water, and the energy released in the fission reaction heats up the water which turns into steam.

The steam then turns a turbine, which generates electricity. The steam is then condensed in huge cooling towers, and it turns back into water and is sent into the reactor again.

The reaction can be controlled by putting 'control rods' in between the fuel rods. The control rods are generally made of boron, which absorbs neutrons and stops the reaction.

A nuclear meltdown can happen when the reaction is not controlled, and starts to generate dangerous radioactive gases (like Krypton). Contrary to popular belief, nuclear reactors can't explode like a nuclear bomb, but it is a danger when radioactive materials escape.

Some serious nuclear accidents have occurred. A scale was made to measure how dangerous accidents are. It is called the International Nuclear Event Scale. The scale has 8 levels (0-7), and 7 is the worst.

Nuclear-powered submarine mishaps include the Soviet submarine K-19 reactor accident (1961), the Soviet submarine K-27 reactor accident (1968), and the Soviet submarine K-431 reactor accident (1985).

The economics of nuclear power is challenging, and following the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, costs are likely to go up for currently operating and new nuclear power plants, due to increased requirements for on-site spent fuel management and elevated design basis threats.

There is a debate about the use of nuclear power. Supporters, such as the World Nuclear Association and IAEA, argue that nuclear power is a sustainable energy source that reduces carbon emissions. Additionally, it does not contribute to smog or acid rain. It is believed that thousands of lives have been saved by using nuclear energy instead of more dangerous fuels such as coal, oil and gas. 

Anti-nuclear opponents, such as Greenpeace International and the Nuclear Information and Resource Service, believe that nuclear power poses threats to people and the environment.

Nuclear power generates radioactive waste materials, both as fission products (broken atoms) and by inducing radioactivity in existing materials.

In 2007, nuclear power plants made some 2600 TWh of electricity and provided 14 percent of the electricity used in the world, which represented a fall of 2 percent compared with 2006. As of May 9, 2010, there were 438 (372 GW) nuclear reactors operating globally. A peak was reached in 2002 when there were 444 nuclear reactors operating.

The nuclear emergencies at Japan's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant and other nuclear facilities raised questions about the future of nuclear power. Platts has said that "the crisis at Japan's Fukushima nuclear plants has prompted leading energy-consuming countries to review the safety of their existing reactors and cast doubt on the speed and scale of planned expansions around the world". Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, the International Energy Agency halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.


Software versioning

Software versioning is a way to name different versions of computer software. A computer software has different states in its life-cycle process from development through deployment into production and sustainment. Each state in the process is given a unique version and version number. Versions are most often a sequence of one to four numbers (for example, 12.2.3) to represent Major.Minor.Maintenance actions, but they can also use names, dates, or other sequencing mechanisms. In some practices, the numbers are used with variations like the 3rd digit being replaced by a letter (for example, 4.1a). The changes are all revisions in that something is being changed and the version number tells people how complex the change is to the software.

Many times, after a program has been made, things called "patches" can be downloaded from the program's website. The patches usually make small updates or fixes to the main program, such as fixing bugs or updating information or program functions. When a patch is used, the program is advanced to the next version, advancing the version number by the appropriate level.

Sympathy

Sympathy exists when the feelings or emotions of one person lead to similar feelings in another person so that they share feeling. Mostly sympathy means the sharing of unhappiness or suffering, but it can also mean sharing other (positive) emotions. In a broader sense, it can refer to the sharing of political or ideological sentiments, such as in the phrase "a communist sympathiser".

The psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of empathy, but is not identical to it. Empathy is understanding and feeling another person's emotions as they feel them, but makes no statement as to how they are viewed. 

Sympathy, by contrast, implies a degree of equal feeling, that is, the sympathiser views the matter similarly to how the person themselves does. It thus implies concern, or care or a wish to reduce negative feelings others are experiencing. 

In different religions, 'Sympathy' can mean different things, for example in Buddism, it means the sharing of thought, soul, emotion, and part of life with people close to you. In Hindi, it means roughly the same thing, but a small fraction of the definition is different. It means benevolence, clemency, compassion, grace, humanism, humanity, mercy, pity, tenderness, and ruth. Many beliefs also relate 'sympathy' to 'love', as the two forms of mind status have power over each other in emotional levels.


Puddle

A puddle is a small mass of liquid, usually water, uncontained on a surface. It can form either in depressions in the surface, or directly upon the flat surface, held together by surface tension. A puddle is generally considered to be small enough to step over or shallow enough to walk through, and too small to traverse with a boat. 

Puddles commonly form during rainstorms, and can cause problems for transport, especially when combined with cold conditions to form patches of ice, which are highly slippery and difficult to see.

Beam (structure)

A beam is a structural element that carries structural load. 

Beams generally carry vertical forces, but can also be used to carry horizontal loads (Those loads can result from wind or an earthquake). The loads that a beam carries are led to columns or walls, which lead the force to the next element.

Beams are characterized by their profile (their shape), their length, and their material. In constructions of today beams are mostly made of steel, reinforced concrete, or wood.

Organ (music)

In music, organ is a word that can mean several kinds of musical instruments. The word comes from the Greek ὄργανον "organon", which means "organ", "instrument", or "tool".

Most organs are played using keyboards, one or more of which may be played using the feet. They are found and used in churches, concert halls, and even in theatres, especially older movie theatres or cinemas. A person who plays the organ is called an organist.

Here are some different types of organs:

Pipe organs are the most common kind of organ, and many people mean this kind of organ when they use the word "organ". They sound different notes when air flows through pipes of different lengths and types. They take up a lot of room, and the noise they make are meant to fill large spaces.

The earliest pipe organs were water organs, which were powered by the flow of water, sometimes from a natural resource or using a pump. Later ones used foot pedals or hand cranks to pump a bellows, which in turn produces the air that goes through the pipes. These kinds of organs are still made today, and are called harmoniums. Today's pipe organs use an electric motor to move air, and some, like those in theaters, play different instruments as well. The Wurlitzer company was well known for making instruments that make different sounds.

Mechanical organs have a mechanism that controls which notes are played and when they are played. One type of mechanical organ is the barrel organ, which usually get their music printed on cardboard sheets, although some use piano rolls or a barrel similar to that of a carillon or music box.

Mechanical organs can be all shapes and sizes. The smaller barrel organs are often heard on streets in Europe and is a common way of getting money from people who pass by. These types are sometimes called hurdy gurdies, but this is not true. Larger barrel organs can be found on fairgrounds and are loud so that they can be heard above all the other noise at a fair. Meanwhile, smaller barrel organs can be found indoors, and play songs when someone puts in a coin, similar to a slot machine. Some clocks have barrel organ mechanisms that play music at certain times, such as every hour.

The electronic organ is one of the newest types of organ. They use electronics to simulate the sound of a pipe organ and many other instruments. Because of this, they do not need to be very big and many are no bigger than a piano so that they can fit in homes, schools, or can be moved around as needed. They also do not go out of tune because they hold all their sounds on computerized chips. Many organists think they do not feel as good to play as a traditional, mechanical pipe organ.

There are electronic organs that look and sound like those played in churches, and even many churches use electronic organs when they do not have the money or space for a full pipe organ. The best-known electronic organs include the Hammond organ heard in jazz, and other organs, like those made by the Japanese company Yamaha, are in fact synthesizers that can sound like a whole orchestra playing together. These types of organs are often used for music education, especially in Asia.

Twin

Twins are two babies that are born at the same time.

"Human twins" are two people that shared a single pregnancy, and one is normally born quickly after the first.

There are 2 types of twins. They are:
Fraternal twins are also known as "non-identical twins" or "dizygotic twins". They happen when two ova are released from the ovary at the same time, and each is fertilized by a different sperm. This results in the birth of fraternal twins. They can be of different sexes. Genetically, they are no more similar than any two siblings.

Identical twins or "monozygotic twins": A single ovum is fertilized to form one zygote. This zygote later splits, and each half of the zygote becomes a twin. The twins have the same genes.

There are five variations of twinning that occur commonly. The frequency varies in different populations. The three most common variations are all fraternal, meaning the two twins are not from the same egg: 
The last two variations are identical twins, which means they come from one single egg that split later: 

Twinning is common in many other species, such as cats, sheep, and ferrets. Twinning occurs in cattle about 1-4% of the time, and research is being done to improve the chances of twins being born. If an animal has twins it can be more profitable for the breeder, especially if there is a smaller chance of miscarriage.

Ceiling

A ceiling is the surface that covers the upper limit of a room. It is not generally considered a structural element, as it does not hold anything up. It simply conceals the underside of the floor or roof above it.

There are many different types of ceilings in architecture. In religious buildings, the ceilings are often decorated with frescos, mosaic tiles and other surface treatments. Perhaps the most famous example is the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, painted by Michelangelo.



Column

A column in architecture is a vertical element that transmits the weight of the structure above to the structure below. Columns can be either a single piece or several pieces put together. Columns are frequently used to support beams or arches on which the upper parts of walls or ceilings rest. 

Stone columns were already used in the architecture of ancient Egypt as early as 2600 BC. 

Identical twins

Identical twins start out as genetically identical: they have the same alleles. They both share the same sack in the womb. They are always of the same sex, and are monozygotic or MZ twins (mono = one; zygote = fertilised egg). This contrasts with "fraternal twins", who are formed by two separate eggs fertilised by two separate sperms, and who are not always the same sex (DZ = dizygotic). Both types of twin are carried in the same uterus at the same time, so their birth environment is the same.

Research shows that the frequency of monozygotic twinning is one in 240 births. Fraternal twins are twice as common. In vitro fertilization (IVF) techniques are more likely to create dizygotic twins. For IVF deliveries, there are nearly 21 pairs of twins for every 1,000.

Identical twins are natural clones. Because they start out with the same genes, they can be used to investigate how much heredity contributes to individual people. This is the nature vs nurture question.

Studies with twins have been quite interesting. If we make a list of characteristic traits, we find that they vary in how much they owe to heredity. For example:

The way the studies are done is like this. Take a group of identical twins and a group of fraternal twins, and a group of siblings from the population. Measure them for various traits. Do a statistical analysis (such as analysis of variance). This tells you to what extent the trait is inherited. You will find that all those traits which are partly inherited will be significantly more similar in identical twins.

Studies like this may be carried further, by comparing identical twins brought up together with identical twins brought up in different circumstances. That gives a handle on how much circumstances can alter the outcomes of genetically identical people.

Modern research has shown quite clearly that genetic inheritance does influence psychological aspects of life (how people behave), not just physical aspects.

The person who first did twin studies was Francis Galton, Darwin's half-cousin, who was a founder of statistics. His method was to trace twins through their life-history, making many kinds of measurement. Unfortunately, though he knew about mono and dizygotic twins, he did not appreciate the real genetic difference. Twin studies of the modern kind did not appear until the 1920s.

Wilhelm Weinberg made the first estimate of the rate of twinning. Realizing that identical twins would have to be the same sex, while non-identical twins could be either same or opposite sex, Weinberg derived a formula for estimating the frequency of MZ and DZ twins from the ratio of same and opposite sex twins to the total of maternities. Weinberg also estimated that the heritability of twinning itself was close to zero. That means the capacity to have twins is not hereditary.

Monozygotic twins are genetically "nearly identical" and they are always the same sex unless there has been a mutation during development. Monozygotic twins always have different phenotypes. Twins may express different sexual phenotypes, normally from an XXY Klinefelter's syndrome zygote splitting unevenly.

Although monozygotic twins are genetically almost identical, a 2012 study of 92 pairs of monozygotic twins found that monozygotic twins acquire hundreds of genetic differences early in fetal development. This is caused by mutations (or copy errors) taking place in the DNA of each twin after the splitting of the embryo. Another study in 2018 of 450 pairs of monozygotic twins showed that often (87%) the two twins varied in sexuality. the study also showed that if one twin married before 40, the other was also likely to marry before 40.

It is estimated that, on average, a set of monozygotic twins will have about 360 genetic differences that occurred early in fetal development.

Another cause of difference between monozygotic twins is epigenetic modification. These are caused by differing environmental influences throughout their lives, which affects which genes are switched on or off. A study of 80 pairs of monozygotic twins ranging in age from three to 74 showed that the youngest twins have relatively few epigenetic differences. The number of epigenetic differences increases with age. Fifty-year-old twins had over three times the epigenetic difference of three-year-old twins. Twins who had spent their lives apart (such as those adopted by two different sets of parents at birth) had the greatest difference. However, certain characteristics become more alike as twins age, such as IQ and personality. This phenomenon illustrates the influence of genetics in many aspects of human characteristics and behaviour.

Twinning is normal in many mammals, such as rats, cats, dogs. Identical twins are normal in a few species. The nine-banded armadillo, "Dasypus novemcinctus", gives birth to identical quadruplets.

Offspring produced by non-sexual methods, such as parthenogenesis, are identical unless crossing over takes place in the production of eggs.

Keyboard instrument

A keyboard instrument is an instrument that is played by pressing the keys of a keyboard. In a keyboard, the notes are arranged with naturals (usually white notes) forming the main body of the keyboard, and sharps and flats (usually black notes) placed in cuttings into the upper half of the naturals.

The ways in which the sound is made varies a lot:


In the 17th and 18th centuries, the word "Clavier" was used in Germany to mean any kind of keyboard instrument. Often, the naturals were black and the sharps and flats were white (see picture of harpsichord), but the layout was exactly the same. 
The development of electronic instruments in the 20th century has brought about many different types of electronic keyboard instruments. These include the ondes Martenot and the synthesizer.

Nowadays, people often talk about a "keyboard" meaning an electronic keyboard (e.g. “He plays the keyboard”). The plural form of the word is "keyboards".

Yamaha have now made the most successful keyboards, selling over 770,000 a year

Keyboard types include:


Arrangers are mainly aimed at performers. Arrangers are mainly identified by their automatic accompaniment styles. They are used widely by musicians who perform by their own, more like a one-man band. Arrangers offer extensive libraries containing prerecorded accompaniment tracks in nearly every music style imaginable. The instrument can support their singing with onboard effects, vocal harmony, and lyric display while providing MIDI and/or audio file playback. Music played by the keyboardist can often be recorded and saved into a memory bank. Arrangers also help in writing songs and can provide realistic drum styles that match with the tempo and style the musician developed.

The top seller for arrangers include Yamaha and Korg which are used by many keyboardist worldwide.

A keyboard workstation is a keyboard that is used to change the features of a variety of sounds on a keyboard. Workstation allows one to create new voices using filters, effects and modulations. It also allows for mixing sounds. 

Top brands for these are Nord, Yamaha, Korg, Casio which are used by many keyboardists worldwide.

Bow (ship)

The bow is the forward part of the hull of a ship or boat, the point that is most forward when the vessel is underway. 
The bow is designed to reduce the resistance of the hull cutting through water and should be tall enough to prevent water from easily washing over the top of it. The bow is helpful for letting the ship smoothly pass through the ocean.

Sambucus

Sambucus is a genus in the family Adoxaceae. It is commonly called Elder or Elderberry. It includes several similar types of shrubs that produce fruit that is also called elderberries. The plant can be found in swampy habitats and other areas that provide enough water.

Black Elderberry has been found to be effective against the H5N1 strain of Avian Flu (Zakay-Rones et al. 1995). Black Elderberry contains a unique compound called Antivirin® that can help protect healthy cells and inactivate infectious viruses. When given to patients, scientists have found the Black Elderberry, has the ability to ward off flu infections quickly (Zakay-Rones 2004). Black Elderberries are rich in anthocyanins which are a type of flavonoid – anthocyanins are antioxidants that may protect cells from free radicals and support your body’s immune system.
Black Elderberries have almost 5 times as many anthocyanins as Blueberries and twice the overall antioxidant capability of cranberries
Black Elderberry has a more potent antiviral effect than Echinacea. At sites in Switzerland and Italy, researchers have uncovered evidence that the black elderberry may have been cultivated by prehistoric man, and there are recipes for elderberry-based medications in the records dating as far back as Ancient Egypt. Historians, however, generally trace the tradition of the elderberry’s healing power back to Hippocrates, the ancient Greek known as the “father of medicine,” who described this plant as his “medicine chest” for the wide variety of ailments it seemed to cure.

Over the centuries, elderberry has been used to treat colds, flu, fever, burns, cuts, and more than 70 other maladies, from a toothache to the plague. In the 17th century, John Evelyn, a British researcher, declared, “If the medicinal properties of its leaves, bark, and berries were fully known, I cannot tell what our countryman could ail for which he might not fetch a remedy [from the elderberry], either for sickness or wounds.”

Elderberry can grow in the form of a shrub or small tree, reaching up to 6 feet in height and width depending on the variety. It blooms during the spring or summer, and its flowers contain both male and female reproductive systems in the event that it is unable to reproduce through cross-pollination. It can be used to create a violet dye. 

Jambul

Jambul or Jamun or Jamblang or Jambhul जांभुळ (मराठी)("Syzygium cumini"), Kaalo Jaam (Bangla) Naavar Pazham (Tamil) is an evergreen tropical tree in the flowering plant family Myrtaceae, native to India, Pakistan, Indonesia and Sri Lanka. It is also grown in other areas of southern Asia including Myanmar, Nepal and Afghanistan. The tree was also introduced to Florida, USA in 1911 by the USDA, and is also now commonly planted in Suriname. In Brazil, where it was introduced from India during Portuguese colonisation, it has spread out in the wild in some places, as many native birds such as thrushes, tanagers and the Great Kiskadee want their fruits. The various names for this fruit are (in Java) plum, jambul, jamun, jaman, black plum, faux pistachier, Indian blueberry , jambol, doowet, jambolan and jambolão. Scientific synonyms include "Syzygium jambolanum, Eugenia cumini" and "Eugenia jambolana".

A fairly fast growing species, it can grow as high as 30 metres, and can live more than 100 years. Its dense foliage provides shade and is grown just for its ornamental value. The wood is strong and water resistant. Because of this it is used in railway sleepers and to install motors in wells. It is sometimes used to make cheap furniture and village dwellings though it is relatively hard to work on.

The Jamun tree starts flowering in March-April. The fragrant flowers of Jamun are small, nearly 5 millimetres in diameter. This is followed by the fruit which appears in May-June and resembles a large berry. The berry is oblong and ovoid. It is green when just appearing, pink when as it matures, and shining crimson black when fully ripe. Another variety comes in white and some people say that it can be used as a medicine. Jamun fruit is a mixture of sweet, slightly sub acid spicy flavour that stands out even after eaten since it turns the tongue into purple color. The fruit is universally accepted to be very good for medicinal purposes, especially diabetics. The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda, Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments. The leaves and bark are used for controlling blood pressure and gingivitis. Wine and vinegar are also made from the fruit.

Rambutan

A rambutan ("Nephelium lappaceum") is a tree from southeast Asia. The fruit that grows on the tree is also called rambutan. It is in the same family as Lychee.

The name rambutan is a word that means "hairy". The fruit does look hairy. The fruit is green in color when not yet ripe. Once ripe the outside of the fruit turns red. The flesh on the inside of the rambutan is white in color. 

Rambutan is native to Indonesia. Rambutan trees grow naturally in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines and elsewhere in Southeast Asia .
Other than those countries, Sri Lanka is also popular for rambutan.

The fruit are usually sold fresh, used in making jams and jellies, or canned.

Tangerine

A tangerine is citrus fruit related to the mandarin orange. Tangerines are smaller and easier to peel than common oranges. The taste is considered less sour, but sweeter and stronger, than that of an orange. 

Very often, tangerines are simply peeled and eaten by hand, but they are sometimes also used as an ingredient of salads. In Sichuan cuisine, the dried peel of tangerines is used as an ingredient. 

Clementines are sometimes considered as alternatives to tangerines.

Jackfruit

Artocarpus heterophyllus is the scientific name for jackfruit, and is family of Moracea. Jackfruit (also called ""Jakfruit"") is a type of fruit from India, Bangladesh (National fruit) and Sri Lanka. When a Jackfruit ripens, it changes from green to slightly yellow.

The seeds are cooked and taken food, the green like unready fruit is cooked as a plant used for food, and the brown made ready is taken food a little cold.

The jackfruit tree can be up to 15-20 meters, and its leaves are a stiff, glossy green color and measure up to about 15 to 20 centimeters long. This tree is considered the largest tree-borne fruit in the world weighing near 18 kilograms and reaching up to 60 cm long in length.

Epitaph Records

Epitaph Records is an American record label. The company mainly deals with punk bands. Epitaph was started by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz. Bands that have signed this label are:


The asterisk (*) marks indicate as those who are no longer signed to Epitaph.

Vaccinium arboreum

Vaccinium arboreum (also called sparkleberry or farkleberry) is a species of Vaccinium native to south-eastern United States. They are usually found in southern Virginia west to southeastern Missouri, and south to Florida and eastern Texas.

Vaccinium arboreum is a shrub (rarely a small tree) growing to 3-5 metres (sometimes up to 9 metres) tall. The leaves are evergreen in the south of the range, but deciduous farther north where winters are colder. They are oval-elliptic with an acute apex, 3-7 cm long and 2-4 cm broad, with a smooth or very finely toothed margin. The flowers are white, bell-shaped, 3-4 mm in diameter, with a five-lobed corolla, produced in racemes up to 5 cm long. The fruit is a round dry berry about 6 mm diameter, green at first, black when ripe, edible but bitter and tough.


Vaccinium

Vaccinium is a genus of flowering plants. All of them are shrubs in the family Ericaceae. The fruits of "Vaccinium" species include blueberries, cranberries, huckleberries, and Bilberry.

In total, there are about 450 species, mostly in the cooler parts of the Northern Hemisphere. There are a few tropical species which grow in places like Madagascar or Hawaii. The plants usually grow in heathlands or in forests. Like most plants of the Ericaceae, many species grow in acidic soils. 

The larvae of a number of lepidoptera species (moths and butterflies are examples of lepidoptera) grow on these plants.

The taxonomy of the genus is complex, and is being investigated. Genetic analysis shows that the genus "Vaccinium" is not monophyletic. "Vaccinium's" taxonomy can be fixed by enlarging the genus to include a number of related genera. Alternatively, the genus could be broken up into several different genera.

The vaccinium uliginosum is a type of vaccinium that grows in North America and Eurasia.

Cantaloupe

A cantaloupe (also known as a rockmelon, sweet melon, or spanspek) is a type of fruit. It is a muskmelon that is probably related to the watermelon. There are two types of cantaloupe, European and North American. Cantaloupes range in size from 0.5 to 5.0 kilograms (1.1 to 11 lb).

Cantaloupes are a source of polyphenol antioxidants. These are chemicals which were thought to provide certain health benefits to the cardiovascular and immune systems by regulating the formation of nitric oxide. Nitric oxide is a key chemical in promoting health of the endothelium and prevention of heart attacks. However, recent research has indicated they do not benefit the body. The body already has ways to deal with oxidation.

Cantaloupes also are an excellent source of vitamin C.

Dirty cantaloupes can spread bacteria. In 2011, 21 people died in the United States from cantaloupes having "listeria" bacteria. The bad cantaloupes were traced back from around the country to a single farm in Colorado.


Smash (album)

Smash is one of The Offspring's most successful albums. It came out in 1994 under the label Epitaph Records. It contains their famous hit singles such as "Come Out and Play (Keep 'Em Separated)" and "Self Esteem". "Smash" is often credited as one of the best punk rock albums sold in the entire world, and is the best selling album ever made on an independent label.

The album is also one of the albums that started mainstream Pop punk music.

Occasionally on the album, there's a guy who comments on the music, but it is not revealed who.


Ilama (fruit)

The Ilama ("Annona macroprophyllata"), also known as the soncoya or sincuya, is a kind of fruit, and also the name of the tree that it grows on. The trees and fruits can be found in tropical Central America. The name comes from the Spanish translation of the Nahuatl "ilamatzapotl". Its rough translation is 'old woman's sapote'. The name is also applied to a similar fruit, cabeza de negro ("A. pupurea") which is cultivated as an alternative to the cherimoya. The cabeza de negro is similar in size to the Ilama but grey-brown in color with hard bumps on the surface, and orange flesh that tastes like mango or papaw.

The Ilama fruit is delicious when eaten ripe. It is either eaten on the half-shell or scooped out with a tool. The Ilama is usually chilled when served, it is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor, or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge.

The Offspring (album)

The Offspring is the first album by The Offspring. It was originally on vinyl in 1989 under the label Nemesis Records. In 1995, it was re-released on CD on Epitaph Records.



The song "Beheaded" was co-written by The Offspring and (original drummer) James Lilja.

Apples, Vaud

Apples was a municipality in Switzerland. It is in Vaud Canton. Vaud Canton has 364 communes in it.

On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.


Fukuoka

It has been recognized as a city designated by government ordinance since 1992.

A short distance is there from Dazaifu and the Fukuoka area to Hakata-wan (博多湾). Hakata-wan was the landing site of the Mongol invasions of Japan in 1274 and 1281.

Fukuoka is known for its football team, Avispa Fukuoka; and it is also known for its baseball team, the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks. 

Fukuoka is on the northwest coast of Kyushu. It is about the same distance from Tokyo as it is from Shanghai or Seoul.

Fukuoka City is divided into 7 wards.



Finance

Finance is a study which figures out how people, businesses and groups make and use money. It can mean:


The process of finance is learning, how people and groups act in managing their money, and most of all how they manage making money, and making a profit, with spending money, or making a loss.

A group that makes more money than it spends can lend or invest the excess profit. On the other hand, a group that makes less money than it spends can raise money by getting a loan or selling part of its assets or spending less, or making more money. 

A bank is where many people borrowing money meet people lending money. A bank gets money from lenders, and pays interest. The bank then lends this money to borrowers. Banks allow borrowers and lenders of different sizes to meet. 

Corporate finance is about things like the sale of stock by a company to the public. Stock is ownership in a company, broken up into pieces. The stock gives whoever owns it part ownership in that company. If someone buys one share of XYZ Inc, and the company has 100 shares available, the buyer is 1/100th owner of that company and owns 1/100th (1%) of the profit. 

Finance is used by people, by governments, by businesses, etc., as well as by all kinds of groups.

This is finance for people. It is about: 

Business finance is about finding money for a company's activities. It studies trying to make more profit than loss and taking good risks for the chance to make more money. That's what business is all about.

Financial economics is the study of economics which is important to financial things like changes in price and supply of goods. 

It studies how much risk some actions that a company may take will cause, and how the company should spend its money.

Financial math is the study of math for financial markets. Financial math studies mathematics, mainly statistics.


Governor General of Canada

The Governor General of Canada is the person who represents Canada's King (or Queen). The King of Canada does not spend much time in Canada because he is also the King of several other countries.

The Governor General is technically chosen by the King and is allowed to use almost all of the King's powers. But most of the time neither the King nor the Governor General use their powers without advice from the Prime Minister of Canada.



Once in a while the Prime Minister may want something done that the Governor General is not allowed to do on her own. The Prime Minister must then go straight to the King, for example for the appointment of 4 or 8 extra Senators to Parliament.

As Canada has two official federal languages, the Governor General's title is in both English and French. 

The Governor General's style and title in full is, in , and in 

As of , there are five living former governors general of Canada. The most recently deceased former governor general, Roméo LeBlanc (1995–1999), died on 24 June 2009.

Noah's Ark

Noah's Ark, according to the book of Genesis (chapters 6–9) in the Bible, was a ship that God told Noah to build to save himself, his family and every kind of animal, because God was going to destroy the Earth by bringing about a great flood. It also says that the ark rested on the highest point in the area which was Mount Ararat, in what is now Turkey.

There have been many claims of people who say they have seen the ark. however no physical evidence has been found.

There are different stories about the ark in the Quran, the Christian Bible and the Jewish Torah. There is also a Babylonian version of the story of the great flood.

According to the Bible, the ark was made of gopherwood. Gopherwood is possibly the wood of a cypress tree, which was used for making ships in the Middle East. Cypress was good for making ships because it had strong wood from a large trunk and limbs. However, no one knows for sure what kind of tree gopherwood was.

The ark was 300 cubits long, and 50 cubits wide; the height was 30 cubits. For a long time people did not know exactly how much a cubit was. In the later years of the 19th century, archaeologists found a tunnel in Jerusalem. This tunnel had been built in the days of King Hezekiah (around 700 B.C.). At the entrance was an inscription that said the tunnel was 1200 cubits long. The archaeologist measured the tunnel and saw it was 1800 feet long (54,000 centimeters). So now, people know that the Hebrew cubit, at least in the time of King Hezekiah, was 20.4 inches (51.816 centimeters).

The shape and size of the ark were very good for floating (the ark was made to float, not for quickly going through the water). Many cargo ships are built like Noah's ark, because this design is very steady in the water.

After Noah had finished putting the ark together with the gopherwood boards, he had to make it "watertight" (so that water would not go inside the ark). According to the Bible, God told Noah to use pitch, a waterproof material to paint it inside and outside.

The building of the ark probably took Noah about 55–75 years, based on his age and the ages of his sons when the flood started.

During the Renaissance, a new kind of scholarship arose. These people never questioned the literal truth of the Ark story. They began to think about it from a practical point of view. In the 15th century, Alfonso Tostada wrote about the logic of the Ark, including things such as arrangements for getting rid of dung and circulating fresh air. The 16th-century geometrician Johannes Buteo worked out the ship's internal dimensions. He also allowed room for Noah's grinding mills and smokeless ovens. Later people also used his model.

By the 17th century, the Americas had been discovered and were being explored. This led to new problems. All the species had to be spread again from one point, after the flood. The obvious answer was that man had spread over the continents after the destruction of the Tower of Babel. The different groups took animals with them. Some of the results seemed peculiar, though: "why had the natives of North America taken rattlesnakes, but not horses", wondered Sir Thomas Browne in 1646? "How America abounded with Beasts of prey and noxious Animals, yet contained not in that necessary Creature, a Horse, is very strange."

Browne was among the first people to question the notion of spontaneous generation. He was a medical doctor and amateur scientist making this observation in passing. Biblical scholars of the time such as Justus Lipsius (1547–1606) and Athanasius Kircher (c.1601–80) were also beginning to look at the Ark story more closely. They tried to fit the Biblical account with natural historical knowledge of their time. The resulting hypotheses were important. They were a driving force behind the study of the geographical distribution of plants and animals. This kind of study became biogeography in the 18th century. Natural historians began to draw connections between climates and the animals and plants adapted to them. One important theory said that the biblical Ararat was striped with different climatic zones. When climate changed, the associated animals moved as well. Eventually they spread to repopulate the globe.

There was also the problem of an ever-expanding number of known species: for Kircher and earlier natural historians, there was little problem finding room for all known animal species in the Ark, but by the time John Ray (1627–1705) was working, just several decades after Kircher, many more had been found. Incorporating the full range of animal diversity into the Ark story was becoming increasingly difficult, and by 1700 few natural historians could see any reasons to believe in a literal interpretation of the Noah's Ark narrative.

In 2011, a full-size replica of Noah's ark was built in Dordrecht in the Netherlands.

Joseph Barbera

Joseph Roland "Joe" Barbera (March 24, 1911 – December 18, 2006) was an American animator, director, producer and co-founder, together with William Hanna, of Hanna-Barbera. He was born in Manhattan and raised in Flatbush, Brooklyn. The studio produced well-known cartoons such as "Tom and Jerry", "The Huckleberry Hound Show", "The Flintstones", "The Jetsons", "Scooby-Doo" as well as the musical film, "Charlotte's Web.


William Hanna

William Denby "Bill" Hanna (July 14, 1910 – March 22, 2001) was an American animator, director, producer and co-founder with Joseph Barbera of Hanna-Barbera. The studio made well-known cartoons, such as "Tom and Jerry", "The Huckleberry Hound Show", "The Flintstones", "The Jetsons", and "Scooby-Doo", as well as the musical movie, "Charlotte's Web.

Hanna-Barbera

Hanna-Barbera was a company that made cartoon television programs and movies. Some of these cartoons were "Tom and Jerry", "Droopy", "Spike and Tyke", "The Jetsons", "The Flintstones", "Scooby-Doo", "Yogi Bear", "Smurfs", Wacky Races, "Wally Gator", and "Peter Potamus", and the 1973 movie version of "Charlotte's Web". It was started by and named after William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. In 1991, Turner Broadcasting bought Hanna-Barbera. In 1992, Cartoon Network was launched. In 2001, Hanna-Barbera studios was shut down and moved to Warner Bros. Animation. After the death of Hanna on March 22, 2001, Hanna-Barbera split into two parts: Warner Bros. Animation (for older cartoons) and Cartoon Network Studios (for the newer ones on Cartoon Network).

Hanna-Barbera Studios had many cartoon programs on the air for over four decades. This studio competed with Disney and Warner Bros to produce cartoons.


Australian English

Australian English is the kind of English language used in Australia.

People from Britain and Ireland first came to live in Australia in 1788 (colony of New South Wales). They brought different dialects of English along with them. These different kinds of English began to mix and change. The newcomers soon began to speak with their own distinctive accent and vocabulary.

More and more people came to Australia in the 19th and 20th centuries. Many people came looking for gold. Some came from Britain and Ireland. Others came from non-English speaking countries. Australian English continued to grow and change.

Australian English has also been influenced by American English. During the Second World War, there were many American soldiers staying in Australia. American television shows and music have been popular in Australia since the 1950s.

The Australian and New Zealand accents are similar. 

In Australian English the /r/ sound can only occur before a vowel. Many words which sound different in other accents sound the same in Australian English. Some examples are:


Some Australian English vowels sound different to vowels of other kinds of English. For example, the vowel in "day" starts with a very open mouth. This makes the Australian "day" sound close to the "die" of most British or American people. Days of the week, however, are sometimes different and the "day" can sound like "dee" (usually short and sharp like the letter D).


Australian English has some vowels not used in some other kinds of English. For example, the words "bad" and "lad" do not rhyme because "bad" has a long vowel and "lad" has a short one. Also, "cot" does not sound like "caught" and "bother" does not rhyme with "father".

As with American English the /t/ sound can sometimes sound like a /d/ sound. This usually happens between vowels. So, for example, 


Also in the Australian accent a /t/ sound plus the sound of "you" comes out sounding like "chew" and a /d/ sound plus the sound of "you" comes out sounding like "Jew". Here are some examples of things which sound the same.


Australians pronounce "wh" and "w" the same. Some examples are:


Australians use many words that other English speakers do not use. The famous Australian greeting, for example, is "G'day!". A native forest is called "the bush" and the deserts in Australia is called the "outback".

Many words were brought to Australia from Britain and Ireland. For example, "mate" meaning "friend" which is still used in Britain. Some of these words have changed in meaning. 

A few words have come from Australian Aboriginal languages. These are mainly names for animals, plants and places. Some examples are "dingo" and "kangaroo".

Sometimes we do not know where a word came from. For example, "dinkum" or "fair dinkum" means "true", "is that true?", "this is the truth". But nobody knows where the word is from: some say the word comes from Chinese, others say the word comes from England.

Australian spelling mostly comes from British spelling. In words like "organise", "realise", where "-ise" is the expected and taught spelling method. In words like "colour", "favourite", "-our" is the norm, but there are exceptions such as the "Labor" Party (which was deliberately chosen on the formation of the Party to avoid confusion with the British Labour Party), "Victor Harbor" and "Outer Harbor (geographically unique to the State of South Australia as opposed to place names in other States, e.g., "Boat Harbour" and "Coffs Harbour"). 

"Program" and "jail", on the other hand, are more common than "programme" and "gaol". Another couple of preferences of the American spelling is with "analog", not, "analogue" (in general, the -ue is dropped), "livable", not "liveable", "guerilla" not "guerrilla", "verandah" not "veranda", "burqa" not "burka", and "pastie", not "pasty". With the exception of "spelt", words that use -t in en-GB and end in -ed in en-US, Australia follows the US usage.

Most linguists split Australian English up into three main kinds. These are Broad, General, and Cultivated Australian English.

Broad Australian English sounds very strongly Australian, when compared to other kinds of English. Steve Irwin spoke Broad Australian English.

General Australian English is the middle ground. It is used by most Australians, and can be heard in Australian-made films and television programs. Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman speak General Australian English. 

Cultivated Australian English is similar to "Received Pronunciation", the type of British English spoken by people such as David Attenborough. Cate Blanchett and Geoffrey Rush speak Cultivated Australian English.

Australian English demographics change from state to state but it's only slight compared to the variety of British and American English accents. A mixture of Broad and General Australian English accents can be heard across Southern and Western Australia, while Broad Accents are more common by themselves in states such as the Northern Territory and Central Australia. Large metropolitan areas such as Melbourne, Sydney and Southeast Queensland share large portions of each accent. Cultivated Australian English is rare compared to the rest but can be observed in the upper and middle classes, from migrant families with recent British ties (up to a century and a half in some cases) and in performing arts communities where pronounced English is of most benefit.

Subtle changes on an individual level include how the letter 'a' sounds like in the words "castle", "dance", "chance", "advance", etc. Some use the vowel in "calm" others use the vowel in "mat" or "mad". Another regional difference is the pronunciation of 'e' sounds especially followed by 'l', such as "Melbourne", "helped", "cellist", with Victorians generally transposing the 'a' and 'e' vowel sounds in many words. For example, pronouncing an 'e' sound in words such as "alchemy" or "chalice", yet an 'a' vowel sound for "Celery."

There are also geographical differences in the definition of words Australians use in different parts of the country as well. For example, "football" (or "footy" for short) means "rugby league" in NSW, Queensland and the ACT, but "Australian rules football" in everywhere else in Australia. In NSW, a swimming costume is called a "cossie" or "swimmers", in Queensland it is called "togs" and "bathers" in Victoria.


Apple (disambiguation)

An apple is a kind of fruit. Apple may also mean:

Spruce

Spruce are trees of the genus Picea, a genus of about 35 species of coniferous evergreen trees in the family Pinaceae. They live in the northern temperate and taiga regions of the Earth.

Spruce are large trees, from 20 to 60 (–95) m tall when mature, and can be distinguished by their conical form and their needles, that are attached singly to the branches in a spiral fashion. The needles are shed when 4–10 years old.

More than half of spruce seedling mortality occurs during the first growing season and is very high during the first winter. Seedlings get freezing damage, frost heaving and erosion, and smothered by litter and snow-pressed vegetation. 

Losses often remain high for some years. "Establishment" is a subjective concept based on the idea that once a seedling has successfully reached a certain size, not much is likely to prevent its further development.

There are 35 species alive in the world. The Plant List has 59 accepted spruce names. The other list is World Flora Online.


Christmas tree

A Christmas tree is a tradition associated with the celebration of Christmas. It is usually an evergreen coniferous tree that is cut and brought into the home. In Europe, the tree is traditionally a Norway spruce tree.

The tree is decorated with Christmas lights and colourful ornaments during the days around Christmas. An angel or a star is often placed at the top of the tree. Fir trees outside the home may be decorated in a similar fashion. The custom of the Christmas tree has its origin among the Protestant peoples of Northern Europe. It is not a religious symbol. 

Until the 2023 there was an annual Christmas tree in the courtyard of the YMCA in Gaza City () in the Gaza Strip. In 2022, the Christmas Tree in Gaza City YMCA was topped with a big red star.


Cell division

Cell division is how a cell, called the parent cell, divides into two cells, called daughter cells. When the cell divides, everything inside it divides also. The nucleus and the chromosomes divide, and the mitochondria divide also.

In mitosis, an ordinary body (somatic) cell divides to make two daughter cells.

In meiosis, a cell divides twice, to produce four gametes (sex cells). The first division of meiosis is a special kind of cell division called a reduction division because the number of chromosomes is halved. The second division of meiosis is similar to mitosis.
Cells are the 'building blocks' of life, and cell division is a basic feature of life. For simple unicellular organisms like Amoebozoa, one cell division reproduces the entire organism. On a larger scale, cell division can create offspring from multicellular organisms, such as plants that grow from cuttings. But most importantly, cell division enables organisms that are able to sexually reproduce to develop from the one-celled fertilised egg (zygote). Cell division also allows for continual renewal and repair of the organism.

Saparmurat Niyazov

Saparmurat Niyazov (February 19, 1940 - December 21, 2006) was the first President of Turkmenistan. He served from 1993 to 2006. Saparmurat Niyazov also called himself Türkmenbaşy, which means leader of the Turkmen people. He tried to make a cult of personality, which means that he put many pictures and statues of himself around his country to make himself seem important. While he was president, Niyazov made doing many things against the law, such as growing a beard or ballet dancing. He died from a heart attack on December 21, 2006, and Gurbanguly Berdimuhammedow became the new president of Turkmenistan.

Spruce (disambiguation)

Spruce are trees in the genus "Picea". "Spruce" may also mean:

Places:

People:

Temperate climate

In geography, temperate latitudes of the Earth lie between the subtropics and the polar circles. Average yearly temperatures in these regions are not extreme, not burning hot nor freezing cold. Temperate means moderate.
Unlike in the tropics, temperatures can change greatly here, between summer and winter. So, most places with a temperate climate have four seasons: Other areas with a temperate climate can have very unpredictable weather. One day it may be sunny, the next may be rainy, and after that it may be cloudy. This is normal in summer as well as in winter. These are the main types of temperate climate:


The 4 seasons in the temperate zone are Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter

Lithuanian language

The Lithuanian language is a Baltic language. It is from Lithuania, spoken in a few countries in Europe, as well as in the Americas and Australia. 

Lithuanian and Latvian are the only remaining Baltic languages. Both languages have much in common. Lithuanian, however, adopted fewer words and phrases from German and other languages. However, many words were adopted into Lithuanian by Slavic languages long ago, but in 1920, Lithuanian philologist Jonas Jablonskis and others replaced them with native Lithuanian words.

There are two main dialects of Lithuanian. "Samogitian" is used mostly in West Lithuania, and the other that is widely used in the whole country is "Aukštaitian" (Highlanders' dialect). The standard Lithuanian comes from West Aukštaitian. 

The first book written in Lithuanian is "Katekizmas" by Martynas Mažvydas. It was published in East Prussia in 1547.

Even though Lithuanian was written down relatively recently, it is known for being close to old Indo-European languages, keeping old traits found only in early languages like Vedic Sanskrit and lost in later languages.

Depeche Mode

Depeche Mode is an English band. They formed in Basildon, Essex in 1980. The band's name was taken from French fashion magazine, "Dépêche mode", which means "fashion update" or "fashion news dispatch". Depeche Mode became famous in the 1980s. The band has sold over 100 million records around the world.

Depeche Mode were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2020.

Depeche Mode has two current members: Dave Gahan and Martin Gore.



Gingivitis

Gingivitis is the inflammation of the gums around the teeth. Gingivitis may be caused by a buildup of plaque and tartar because the teeth have not been cleaned properly. It can also be a manifestation of a systemic disease, as in diabetes or AIDS.

Sometimes excessive brushing or flossing can wear out the gums causing gum recession.

If gingivitis is not treated by proper oral hygiene, it can lead to periodontitis, which is a more advanced state of gum disease, that affects the bone and is harder to treat.


Taiga

The taiga is a large area of coniferous forests. It covers most of inland Alaska, Canada, Sweden, Finland, inland Norway, northern Kazakhstan and Russia (especially Siberia), as well as parts of the northern continental United States. 

In Canada, boreal forest is the term used to refer to the southern part of these forests, while "taiga" is used to describe the northern areas south of the Arctic tree line that separates it from tundra. The trees are mostly pines, spruces and larches. The climate is cold winters and cool summers.


Conifer

Conifers are gymnosperms. They are cone-bearing seed plants. 

All living conifers are woody plants which are perennial. Most are trees; some are shrubs. They are the Division Pinophyta or Coniferophyta.

Living conifers are all in the order Pinales. Typical examples include cedars, cypresses, firs, junipers, kauris, larches, pines, redwoods, spruces, and yews.

Species of conifers can be found in almost all parts of the world, and are often the most common plants in their habitats, as in the taiga. Conifers are of great economic value, and their wood is mainly used for timber and paper-making The wood of conifers is known as softwood, though yew wood is actually quite hard. The division "Coniferae" contains about 700 living species.

The earliest conifers were in the late Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian) period (about 300 million years ago), Pinophytes, Cycads, and Ginkgos all developed at this time. These plants live without being so dependent on water. Other adaptations are pollen (so fertilisation can occur without water) and the seed, which allows the embryo to be transported and developed elsewhere.

Conifers appear to be one of the taxa that benefited from the Permian–Triassic extinction event. They were the dominant land plants of the Mesozoic era. Conifers were eventually overtaken by their descendants, the flowering plants, which first appeared in the Cretaceous. Flowering plants became dominant in the Cainozoic era.

Conifers were a main food of herbivorous dinosaurs, and their resins and poisons no doubt gave them some protection against herbivores. All the reproductive features of modern conifers had evolved by the end of the Mesozoic era.


Binomial nomenclature

In biology, binomial nomenclature is how species are named. The name of a species is made of two parts: one indicating the genus and one indicating the species. Binomial nomenclature means "two-part name" or "system of two-part names".

The person who popularized this system for use was Swedish botanist and physician Carolus Linnaeus (1707–1778). He gave a two-part name to every species he knew. This kind of naming had been used before Linnaeus by some naturalists, but after Linnaeus, it was accepted as a good method.

The value of the binomial nomenclature comes from several things. It saves words because it replaces long descriptions, it is used everywhere, and the names are unique and stable. The system ended the use of local common names, which was the source of much confusion. When science was done by just a few European countries their common names for species were well-known. But as it happened, the common names in all countries was rather different. The same name might be used for more than one species, and several species given the same name. In the Linnaeus system, everyone uses the same name for the same species. Linnaeus chose Latin names: first, because it avoided competitive nationalism; second, because most educated people in his day learned Latin.

The system has been a great success, but it does have some problems. It is not always clear what is a species and what is not. Although many species are quite clear, some are put into one species by some biologists, and into several species by others. Linnaeus himself noticed that species were not always distinct.Today we know something about why this is so. In practice, international committees make decisions about naming species in difficult cases.


The components of a name may come from any source whatsoever. Often they are Latin words, but come originally from Greek. This is gradually changing, and names may now come from a Latinized version of a place, a person, a name from a local language, etc.



System

A system is a group of related things that work together as a whole. These things can be real or imaginary. Systems can be man-made things like a car engine or natural things like a star system. Systems can also be concepts made by people to organize ideas. 

A subsystem is a system that is part of some larger system. For example, in computer networking, a disk subsystem is a part of a computer system.


One of the founders of physiology, Claude Bernard, took a big step when he noticed that the internal systems of the body tend to keep things the same even if they are disturbed. He called the functions which keep system stable as homeostasis. This led towards the ideas of error-correction, feedback and regulation. These are all typical of systems which have some kind of goal and can adjust their behaviour so as to correct errors.

The Solar System is an example of a system. The Solar System includes the Sun and the eight planets, as well as the moons of those planets. These and other members are linked by gravity and by their history as a planetary system.

There are many kinds of systems. The key is that the elements of a system work together as a whole whilst still keeping their own identity. This is why planetary systems and body systems are good examples. They work together but have their own separate identity.


Valencia orange

The Valencia orange is an orange first made by the Californian agronomist William Wolfskill, on his farm in Santa Ana. The orange was later sold to the Irvine Company, who later used half of its land to grow the orange. Orange County is named after this orange because of its popularity. The Irvine Company's Valencia operation later split from the company and became Sunkist. Cultivation of the Valencia in Orange County had stopped by the mid-1990s because of rising property costs, which caused what remained of the Southern California orange industry to move to Florida. It is usually harvested between March and June. 

Papaya

Papaya is a tall herbaceous plant in the genus Carica; its edible fruit is also called papaya. It is native to the tropical region of America, mainly from southern Mexico to Central America. Now these plants are grown in all tropical regions of the world.

Papayas are plants of tropical regions and, for growth and fruit production, they need a warm climate. They cannot live with low temperatures.

This is now the only species in its genus. As a result of genetic research, the other species were put in three new genera.

The genus "Carica" was given that name by Linnaeus because the leaves of these plants are like those of the common fig ("Ficus carica").

The common name comes from the Taíno word "papáia" that was changed in Spanish to papaya, the word most used worldwide, with some changes. In Australia and some countries of the Caribbean, the fruit is called "papaw" or "pawpaw" but another North American plant, "Asimina triloba" of the Annonaceae family has also that name.

The French name for the fruit is "papaye" and "papayer" for the plant. In Portuguese, the fruit is called "mamão", "papaia" or "ababaia" and the tree "mamoeiro" or "papaeira". In Kerala it commonly known as Kapanga - കപ്പങ്ങ. In Spanish, there are other names besides papaya. In Cuba, it is called "fruta bomba" except in the eastern provinces where papaya is used. In the Dominican Republic, Los Llanos (Venezuela) and Eastern Central Colombia, the name is "lechosa". In Argentina and Paraguay, the fruit is called "mamón".

Other names and translations can be seen at Wiktionary.

It is a large plant, like a tree, usually without branches; it is a herbaceous plant because the stem does not have much wood and remains soft and green until its death. The single stem grows from 5 to 10 m tall with all the leaves on the top. The leaves are large, 50–70 cm wide.

Some plants have perfect (with female and male organs) flowers but other plants have flowers with only one sex (female or male).

Generally, the fruit is oval to nearly round and, in some cases, like a big pear. Fruits are 15-50 cm long and 10–20 cm wide, and weigh up to 9 kg.

The skin of the fruit is thin and tough; it is not eaten because is too bitter. First, the skin is green but it changes to yellow in ripe fruits, ready to be eaten. In a ripe fruit, the pulp is yellow, orange, pink, and even light red. Inside the fruit, there are many small black seeds.

Ripe papayas are eaten fresh, after taking out the skin and the seeds; sometimes, they are cut in small pieces and mixed with other fruits for a fruit salad. Papayas that are not completely ripe can be cut in pieces and cooked with sugar and eaten as dessert. In tropical regions, it is very popular to take papaya juice, after taking the skin and seeds out; this juice can be mixed with milk to make smoothies.

Green papayas, those that are not ripe, are eaten in some Asiatic countries in salads, curries and soups but they should be boiled before eating them. Young leaves and stems are also cooked as a vegetable. Green papaya is used in Thai cuisine, both raw and cooked.

The papaya is a source of iron and calcium; a good source of vitamins A, B and Riboflavin and an excellent source of vitamin C (ascorbic acid).

The latex (a sap like milk) from the green fruits, the leaves and the stem are rich in papain, an enzyme that breaks down tough meat fibers. Papain is a component in products ("meat tenderizers") sold in shops and that is used to make meat softer before cooking it.

Papaya seeds have a peppery taste and are a great substitute for black peppercorns.

7: https://www.achinhimanshujha-mylifeonweb.com/2021/09/papaya-leaves-health-benefits.html


Flowering plant

Flowering plants are plants that bear flowers and fruits. Most land plants today are flowering plants (Angiosperm or Magnoliophyta). 

Together with the gymnosperms they make up the seed plants. They differ from the gymnosperms in that angiosperms have flowers, and have enclosed ovules. Gymnosperms have naked seeds on cones or open structures. 

Angiosperms have a number of derived characters, which evolved as they split off from the gymnosperms.
Flowers, the reproductive organs of flowering plants, are the most remarkable feature distinguishing them from other seed plants. Flowers, with their colour and their nectar, attract pollinators, which are mostly insects and birds. 95% of flowering plants in tropical lowlands rely on animals for pollination or dispersal of seeds. Although in general, this is true, it is not true of one great group of angiosperms: the grasses. The reason is not clear, but grasses dominate several of the largest land areas: in North America, Asia, and in Africa. They are all wind-pollinated.

Gymnosperms were and are almost entirely wind-pollinated, but early flowers were probably all insect-pollinated. Some present-day flowering plants are wind-pollinated, but that is a secondary feature.
The fertilized angiosperm ovule develops into a seed, and the ovary develops into the fruit. The fruit is often a way to use animals to spread the seeds far and wide. The fruit is made out of the carpel and some tissue around it. The carpel carries structures called ovules, inside which egg cells form.
In general, endosperms form after fertilization and before the first division of the zygote. Endosperm is a highly nutritive tissue that can provide food for the developing embryo, the cotyledons, and sometimes the seedling when it first appears.
Specialized sexual parts have led to co-evolution in fertilization and seed dispersal. The stamens, and the male and female gametophytes, have been adapted in many ways to suit particular pollinators. The smaller pollen grain shortens the time between pollination and fertilization, which can be up to a year in gymnosperms. The small female gametophyte also allows rapid seed production, which led to annual herbaceous life-cycles.

Adaptations in these novelties allowed angiosperms to invade many habitats. They now dominate everywhere except the boreal forest or taiga, which is still composed almost entirely of gymnosperms, usually pines.

Molecular evidence indicates that the ancestors of angiosperms diverged from the gymnosperms during the late Devonian, about 365 million years ago. They did not appear in the fossil record until the Mesozoic, almost two hundred million years later.

A whole genome duplication (doubling) at 160 million years ago (mya) may have started the ancestral line that led to all modern flowering plants. That event was studied by sequencing the genome of an ancient flowering plant, "Amborella trichopoda". "Amborella", found on the Pacific island of New Caledonia, belongs to a sister group of the other flowering plants. Studies suggest that it has features that may have been characteristic of the earliest flowering plants. 

The earliest known fossil confidently identified as an angiosperm, "Archaefructus liaoningensis", is dated to about 125 mya in the Lower Cretaceous. Pollen probably of angiosperm origin takes the fossil record back to about 130 mya. 

There are still some examples of Cretaceous angiosperms in the Daintree Rainforest: twelve primitive angiosperms (flowering plant) families: Cunoniaceae, Proteaceae (banksia and macadamia family), Winteraceae, Myrtaceae (eucalypt and Syzygium or lilly pilly), Monimiaceae, Rutaceae, Sapindaceae, Aquifoliaceae (holly family), Chloranthaceae, Trimeniaceae, Epacridaceae (heath family), Olacaceae. These families of angiosperms have the longest continuous history with the Gondwanan landmass.
The phylogeny of Angiosperms is as follows: 

The territory is pretty much covered by three groups: the Magnoliids, the Monocots, and the Eudicots. The Eudicots outnumber all other groups put together. However, grasses are the food of most herbivores today. Their spread in the later Miocene and the associated reduction in forests caused the extinction of most browsers and their replacement by grazers.


Amanda Michalka

Amanda Joy "AJ" Michalka (born April 10, 1991) is an American singer and actress from Torrance, California. Her parents are Carrey Begley-Michalka and Mark Michalka. Her older sister is actress Alyson Michalka. She and her sister are in the band 78violet. She starred with her sister in the Disney movie "Cow Belles". She is of German-American ancestry.

Amanda Michalka was born in Torrance, California in 1991. Her older sister, Alyson "Aly" Michalka and their parents moved to Seattle, Washington. There her parents made sure they were exposed to all varieties of music. They then moved back to Southern California, where they still live.

Michalka was in a number of WORD Music Productions at her church in Southern California as a young child. Michalka plays a variety of instruments such as acoustic guitar, electric guitar, piano, and bongos. She used to be a model for catalogs. In March 2006, she made her first appearance on the Disney Channel in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Cow Belles", as "Courtney Callum", along with sister Aly, as "Taylor Callum". She has also made appearances on shows such as "Oliver Beene", "Six Feet Under", "The Guardian", and "General Hospital". She also appeared with her sister in the MTV movie, "".







Salmonberry

A salmonberry ("Rubus spectabilis") is a type of fruit. It is a bramble in the rose family Rosaceae. It is native and widespread in areas of Alaska, predominantly the southeast. It is also widespread in Washington State. They come in red and orange varieties. They fruit in early summer and are used by many to make jams, juices, and other such products. They are considered to be a weed and reproduce and spread rapidly. The berries can be eaten raw, straight from the source. They co-exist with huckleberries, blueberries, thimbleberries, and other such plants in the Tongass National Forest. This fruit is related to the rose and are native to the west coast of North America from Alaska to Idaho.

Grape tomato

A grape tomato is a small, usually oblong tomato. They are similar in size to a small cherry tomato and they both have a similar taste, but the grape tomato also has the similar oblong shape of a plum tomato. The tomatoes were introduced to the United States market in 1997 by grower Andrew Chu, who got them from Taiwan's Known-You Seed Co, though the majority of the production is by a company called Procacci Brothers, who market them as "Santa Sweets". They are considered a difficult crop to grow, as they do not produce as heavily as many cherry tomato varieties.

It is believed that the tomatoes originated in Southeast Asia. They are eaten as bar snacks in some parts of Thailand.

Adolf von Henselt

Adolf von Henselt (born Schwabach, Bavaria, May 9 1814; died Warmbrunn (now Cieplice), Silesia, October 10 1889) was a German pianist and composer. He had piano lessons from Hummel in Weimar. When he was a young man he played in concerts all over Germany. Then he went to Russia where he was very successful and he settled there to live. He became pianist at the court of the tsar and taught the tsar’s children how to play the piano.

Henselt was known for his beautiful playing of the music of Chopin. He was very good at playing widely spaced arpeggios and could make them sound very smooth (legato) even if he was not using the pedal.

As a composer he is mostly remembered today for a few of his short works which are often quite sentimental, e.g. "Frühlingslied" ("Spring Song") and "Si oiseau j’étais" ("If I were a bird").

Cherry tomato

The cherry tomato is a type of tomato that is a fruit. This type of tomato was originally developed in Israel.

Israeli scientists Haim Rabinowitch and Nachum Kadar from the Weizmann Institute in Rehovot bred one of the varieties of cherry tomatoes in 1973.

Binary star

A binary star is two stars which orbit around each other. For each star, the other is its "companion star". Many stars are part of a system with two or more stars. The brighter star is called the "primary star", and the other is the "secondary star".

Binary stars are important in astrophysics because looking at their orbits allows scientists to find out their masses. From this, scientists found the mass–luminosity relationship, and used it to find the masses of single stars.

Binary stars are not the same as line-of-sight "optical double stars", which look close together but are not connected by gravity. Optical double stars may actually be far apart in space, but binary stars are quite close together. The first person to discover and prove true binary stars was the Anglo-German astronomer William Herschel. He published the first catalogue of binary stars, and his son John Herschel found several thousand more and updated the catalogue. John Michell first suggested that double stars might be physically attached to each other when he argued in 1767 that the probability that a double star was due to a chance alignment was small. William Herschel began observing double stars in 1779 and soon after that he published catalogs of about 700 double stars.

By the modern definition, the term "binary star" is generally restricted to pairs of stars which revolve around a common centre of mass. Binary stars which can be resolved with a telescope or interferometric methods are known as "visual binaries". For most of the known visual binary stars one whole revolution (complete circle) has not been observed yet, they are seen to have travelled along a curved path or a partial arc.

Some stars appear to be in orbit around empty space and appear not to have a companion. In this case, the companion star is either very small and faint, or it is a neutron star or a black hole. The best-known example of a star with an invisible companion is Cygnus X-1, in which the visible star's companion appears to be a black hole.

The more general term double star is used for pairs of stars which are seen to be close together in the sky. This distinction is rarely made in languages other than English. Double stars may be binary systems or may be merely two stars that appear to be close together in the sky but have vastly different true distances from the Sun. The latter are termed "optical doubles" or "optical pairs".

A "visual binary" star is one for which the separation of the two stars can be seen with a telescope. The brighter star is the "primary" and the fainter star is the "secondary". Visual binaries take a long time to orbit one another, in the area of hundreds or even thousands of years.

A "spectroscopic" binary is one in which the two stars cannot be seen separately even with a telescope. They are very close together and move around each other very quickly, over a period of a few weeks or even a few days. However, they can be seen to be two separate stars by using a spectroscope, which is able to record the Doppler change in the color of the light sent out by stars moving quickly toward or away from the Earth.

Some spectroscopic binaries have an orbit that is edge-on to Earth. When this happens, the stars will take turns passing in front of and eclipsing the partner star, in what is called an "eclipsing binary". In this case, the amount of light we see from the double dims slightly during the time one star is in front of the other.

An "astrometric binary" is one where only one companion can be seen. For astrometric binaries fairly near the Earth (up to about 10 parsecs), it may be possible to see the visible companion "wobble" as it moves around its invisible companion. By making measurements over a long period of time, it may be possible to calculate the mass of the visible star and how long its orbit takes. This method is also used to detect the presence of large planets orbiting a star; as of 2007, over two hundred planets have been discovered in this way.

Most binaries are "detached binaries". Except for their gravitational pull on one another, they have no effect on each other.

Some binaries are so close to one another that one or both stars is able to pull material from the other. Contact binaries share the same stellar atmosphere, and as friction slows them over a long period, they may merge into one star. This violent event temporarily makes them shine more brightly, brighter than a nova but less bright than a supernova.

Though it could be possible that binary stars may form when one star passes very close to another, it is highly unlikely (since it would actually take three stars close to one another before two could join), and would occur only in places where stars are densely packed together. Our present understanding is that almost all binaries are formed together in the dense gas clouds where stars are born.

It is possible (though not likely) that a passing star will disrupt a binary system and provide enough gravitational force to split the binary. Such separated stars go on to live lives as ordinary single stars. Sometimes, though, enough gravitational force is involved that the two companions speed away from each other at great speeds, resulting in what is known as "runaway" stars.

Sometimes a star is in orbit around a white dwarf star. If it is large enough and close enough to the white dwarf, the dwarf may suck gasses from its companion's atmosphere. Over a period of time, a great deal of gas may collect on the white dwarf. As this gas is compacted by the white dwarf's gravity, it will eventually undergo nuclear fusion, resulting in a very bright outburst of light, known as a "nova". In some cases, the white dwarf may gather so much gas that the explosion completely destroys it, in what is called a "supernova". Such an event may also result in runaway stars, as the larger star no longer has a heavy companion which keeps it in orbit.

X - Ray Binaries produce great amounts of X-ray radiation. They result from a massive star eating a less massive star. The lesser star becomes a donor and its matter is drained out and falls into the more massive (but more compact) star, the accretor. This releases high energy photons, for example in the X-Ray range of wavelengths. The X-rays also come from the consumption of material on the surface of the more massive star in a process called thermonuclear burning. This can make 10 second bursts.


Imperial units

The Imperial units or the Imperial system is a collection of measurement units. An Act of Parliament in 1824 created it from traditional English units. The United Kingdom and Commonwealth countries (which were once part of the British Empire as British colonies) used this system from 1824 until they changed to the metric system in the second part of the 20th century. The Imperial system is very similar to the American system but there are some differences.

In 2019 Boris Johnson proposed changes to the law in the United Kingdom to increase the use of Imperial units. He said this would be a benefit of Brexit. In 2023 the idea was dropped when 98.7% of people said they preferred using metric units. The law was changed to permit wine to be sold in pints. 

The British nautical mile used to be 6080 feet. In 1970 the UK adopted the international definition of 1852 metres.

The full table of "British apothecaries’ measure" is:
For a comparison to the United States customary units see the article on Comparison of the Imperial and US customary systems.


Comparison of the Imperial and US customary systems

The imperial and U.S. customary systems are similar, but there are some differences between them.

The main difference is in units of volume. The American system has two gallons: a wet and a dry one. The imperial gallon is bigger than each of these. However, the imperial fluid ounce is slightly smaller than the American one.

The international yard is exactly 0.9144 metres. This definition was agreed upon by the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand in 1959. However, the United States continued to use its old length units for surveying purposes. The US survey foot is exactly 1200/3937 metre.

Another difference is in units of mass. In Britain people often use the stone. One stone is 14 pounds. Eight stones are one hundredweight (112 lb). Twenty hundredweights are one ton. So one British ton is 2240 pounds. It is very close to the tonne of the metric system.

In the United States people do not use the stone. They usually use a hundredweight of 100 pounds. This hundredweight is also called a "short hundredweight". Twenty short hundredweights are one short ton. The British hundredweight is also called the "long hundredweight" and the Britsh ton is also called the "long ton".


Stone (unit)

The stone is a unit for measuring mass in the Imperial system. It is equal to fourteen pounds. 160 stone make up a long ton. In the metric system, 1 stone = 6.35029318 kilograms.

The short way of writing stones is st.

The stone was outlawed in Ireland and the United Kingdom, in 1983 and 1985 respectively. However stones and pounds are both commonly used in non-official cases, most commonly when stating the weight of a person. Often in American-British boxing matches, the contenders  weight is stated in pounds then stones and pounds. The same in horse racing. 

Maccabi Haifa F.C.

Maccabi Haifa Football Club (, "Moadon HaKaduregel Maccabi Haifa") is an Israeli football team from the city of Haifa, a section of Maccabi Haifa sports club. The club has won 11 championships, five State Cups and four Toto Cups. The club was founded in 1913, and it is one of the country's most successful teams in Europe, being the first Israeli club to qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League.

Maccabi Haifa Football Club was established in 1913 in the port city of Haifa. It was a small, struggling club that spent most of its time between the Liga Leumit and the lower leagues. 

The club was overshadowed by their city rivals Hapoel Haifa, who were then the darling club of the city of Haifa and especially of then mayor Abba Hushi. But even in its first years the club adapted a very adventurous and offensive style of play based on technique and short passes. In 1942, the club reached the Israel State Cup final, but was humiliated 12-1 by Beitar Tel Aviv in the final, which is the club's worst defeat ever. In 1962, the club won its only honour until the 80s, when the team defeated Maccabi Tel Aviv 5-2 in the State Cup final. In 1963 they reached the final again, but failed to defend their title losing to arch-rivals Hapoel Haifa 1-0.

Maccabi Haifa F. C. is a professional football (soccer) club in Israel. Founded in 1913, it is Israel's most successful club both domestically and in European competitions.

Leagues Won
Cups Won

Avi Ran, 
Adoram Keisi, 
Eyal Berkovic,
Yaniv Katan,
Yossi Benayoun,
Reuven Atar and
Alon Mizrahi

Most Goals in season - 1993/1994

Most Games played without losing strike - 46 Games (From Seasons 1993-1995)

Most Away Undefeated Strike - 30

Most Points in a Year - 96 Points

Maccabi Haifa has three fan organizations. One of them and the biggest one, is the Green Apes, founded in 2002. Second, is Inferno Verde, which means The Green Hell, founded in 2010. Third, is Ultra Boys.

The Green Apes (aka: The Ultras) consist of 2,400 people, while Inferno Verde includes 100.

"As of September 1 2009".

Tundra

In physical geography, tundra is where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons. The term "tundra" comes from "tūndâr" which means 'uplands, tundra, treeless mountains.

There are three types of tundra: Arctic tundra, Antarctic tundra, and alpine tundra. In all of these types, the plants are mostly grass, moss, and lichens. Trees grow in some of the tundra. The boundary between the tundra and the forest is known as the tree line or timberline.The area itself encircles the Arctic Ocean of the Northern Hemisphere. The climate in a tundra biome consists of freezing cold and dryness in the winter and cold summers. The tundra ground is a barren place, often covered with rocks.

Most water on the tundra is frozen within the soil. The permanent frozen soil is called permafrost. Permafrost and fierce winds prevent large trees from growing deep roots. Plants in the tundra are small and grow close to the ground. Plants called cushions grow in tight clumps in the tundra, but lichens are the dominant plants. Lichens cover the rocks. The few trees that do grow on the tundra are dwarf willows and birch.

The deep and cold snow makes life in the tundra very difficult. Every animal must adapt in order to survive. Some have thick fur that turns white during the winter. Others find places to hibernate during the winter months. Some examples of animals that live in the tundra are: rodents, hares, sables, caribou, wolves, arctic foxes, bears, walruses, seals, and snowy owls.


Tree line

The tree-line or timberline is the edge of the habitat at which trees can grow. Beyond the tree-line, they are unable to grow as conditions are too bad.

There are several types of tree lines defined in ecology and geology:
At the tree line, tree growth is often not clear with the last trees forming low bushes. If it is caused by wind, these are known as krummholz, from the German for 'twisted wood'.

The tree line, like many other natural lines (lake boundaries, for example), appears well-defined from a distance, but upon close inspection, it is not that clear. Trees grow shorter until they simply stop growing.

Some typical tree-line tree species (note the predominance of conifers):

The alpine tree-line at a location is dependent on local variables, such as aspect of slope, rain shadow and proximity to either geographical pole. Given this caveat, here is a list of average tree-lines from locations around the globe:
Like the alpine tree-lines shown above, polar tree-lines are heavily influenced by local variables such as aspect of slope and degree of shelter; trees can often grow in river valleys at latitudes where they could not grow on a more exposed site. Maritime influences such as ocean currents also play a major role in determining how far from the equator trees can grow. Here are some typical polar treelines:


Lift (force)

"' 

The lift force, lifting force or simply lift is the sum of all the forces on a body that force it to move perpendicular to the direction of flow. 

The most common type of lift is that of a wing of an aircraft. But there are many other common uses such as propellers on both aircraft and boats, rotors on helicopters, fan blades, sails on sailboats, and wind turbines.

While the common meaning of the term "lift" suggests an "upwards" action, lift can be in any direction. For instance, for a sail the lift is horizontal, and for the wing on a race car the lift is down.

There are a number of ways of explaining the production of lift; some are more complicated than others, some have been shown to be false. The simplest explanation is that the wing deflects air downward, and the reaction pushes the wing up. 


"'
Tropics

The tropics are the region of the Earth near to the equator and between the Tropic of Cancer (23.5° N) in the northern hemisphere and the Tropic of Capricorn (23.5° S) in the southern hemisphere. This region is also referred to as the tropical zone and the torrid zone.

This area includes all the areas of the Earth where the sun reaches a point directly overhead at least once a year. The word "tropics" comes from Greek "tropos" meaning "turn", because the apparent position of the Sun moves between the two tropics within a year.

The word "Tropical" specifically means places near the equator. The word is also sometimes used in a general sense for a tropical climate, a climate that is warm to hot and moist year-round. This includes tropical rainforests with lush vegetation. However, there are mountains in the tropics that are anything but "tropical" in this sense, with even alpine tundra and snow-capped peaks, including Mauna Kea, Mt. Kilimanjaro, and the Andes as far south as the northernmost parts of Chile and Argentina. Places in the tropics which are hot and dry include the Atacama Desert, Sahara Desert, Central Africa, most parts of Western Africa and Northern Australian Outback.

Some parts of Eurasia are also in the tropical zone.

People in some tropical places call their seasons "dry"/"hot" and "rainy"/"wet", especially where the seasons are made by monsoons. Tropical cyclones form in tropical ocean areas, and some move from there into the temperate zone. Tropical plants and animals are native to the tropics or the Torrid zone.

Mount Kilimanjaro

Kilimanjaro (or Kilimanjaro, which means "shining mountain" in Swahili), formerly Kaiser-Wilhelm-Spitze, is a mountain in northeastern Tanzania. Kilimanjaro is the tallest free-standing mountain rise in the world, rising 4600 meters (15,000 ft) from the base, and is the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters (19,340 ft). It gives a dramatic view from the surrounding plains. Almost 85% of the ice cover on Kilimanjaro disappeared from October 1912 to June 2011.

Kilimanjaro is also a strato-like volcano. It has explosive eruptions. The last major eruption was about 100,000 years ago. killimanjaro is 5895 meters tall.
There are 6 routes up Kilimanjaro: Lemosho, Machame, Marangu, Umbwe, Rongai and Northern Circuit.

Since there are big differences in height, climbers can feel Altitude sickness. 7-, 8- and 9-day routes are recommended (especially for beginners), as on them it will be easier to adapt to less oxygen in the air. The more time is spent being on the slope, the easier it is to acclimatize.

Tropical climate

A tropical climate is a type of climate typical in the tropics. It is a humid climate in which all twelve months have mean temperatures above 18°C (64.4 °F). Some tropical areas have rainfall throughout the year, usually in the afternoon. Others have a wet season and a dry season, for example because of monsoon. The usual tropical climate is hot, humid and wet. Cold weather things like frost, and cold weather precipitation like snow never happen in a tropical climate. One famous area of tropical climate is the Amazon rainforest, which has high biodiversity. 

Desert and semi-arid climates are classified separately.

Some tropical areas are dry, which makes them savannas. A few places near the equator, such as Mount Kilimanjaro, are high mountains and cold for that reason. 


Alpine tundra

In physical geography, an alpine tundra, alpine habitat, alpine zone, or alpine biome is in the mountains. The alpine habitat is too high up for trees to grow but not so high that the snow and ice never melt. There are alpine places all over the Earth. There are tropical alpine places and arctic alpine places. Many alpine places are 3000 meters (10,000 feet) above sea level, but they can be higher or lower depending on how far from the equator and ocean they are.

Alpine plants grow slowly and stay short their whole lives. There are many reasons for this:

Alpine places are usually very windy, so the plants that live there are usually short and strong. They are also very cold and dry. This high up, there is not much carbon dioxide in the air, which also makes it harder for plants to grow. Alpine plants grow slowly. When living things die in alpine places, their bodies break apart slowly. This means that the soil in alpine places is not very good.

Tropical alpine plants can be different from alpine plants in colder places. Their bodies stop them from losing too much water. They can have wax on their leaves to hold water in. They can have hairs to block sunlight or silver color to reflect sunlight. This keeps them from photosynthesizing so fast that they lose too much water and die.

Important alpine plants:


There is more ultraviolet light in alpine places than closer to sea level. Mammals can live in alpine places because they are warm-blooded. They can grow fur or fat to protect themselves from the cold. Many of them sleep in the winter. Other animals walk or climb lower down in the hills for the winter. Alpine animals usually have smaller ears, legs, and tails than other animals so they do not lose heat through them. Because there is less oxygen in alpine places, alpine animals sometimes have larger lungs and more blood cells than other animals. Few insects live in alpine places because they are so cold. Few birds live in alpine places all year, but many fly there during warm weather and fly away during the winter. Almost no amphibians or reptiles live in alpine places.

Tropical alpine animals can be different from animals in other places. Mammals tend to hide a lot and have dull colors. Because the air is so thin, birds tend to have smaller bodies and longer, wider wings than other birds.

Important alpine animals:


It is named after the mountain range the Alps, but there are alpine habitats all over the world.

Alexander von Humboldt was one of the first scientists to write about alpine places. He was from Germany. In the 1800s, he went to South America and climbed the Andes mountains. He wrote papers and drew drawings about the mountains and their plants and animals. In 1889, another scientist, C. Hart Merriam, wrote about "life zones" that he saw in mountains in Arizona. He put plants, animals, and places in groups and saw that, the further south he looked, the higher up the place had to be to have the same kinds of plants and animals. His ideas work well in North American mountains, but they do not work well in tropical places.

Fumarole

A fumarole (Latin "fumus", smoke) is an opening in the crust of the Earth, often in the neighborhood of dormant volcanoes, where steam and gases come out, for instance carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, and hydrogen sulfide.

The name solfatara (from the Italian "solfo", sulfur), is given to fumaroles with sulfurous gases.

Köppen climate classification

The Köppen climate classification is one of the most widely used climate classification systems. It was developed by Wladimir Köppen, a German climatologist, around 1900 (with several further modifications by himself, notably in 1918 and 1936). It is based on the concept that native vegetation is the best expression of climate, thus climate zone boundaries have been selected with vegetation distribution in mind.



Unkel

Unkel is a city in the district of Neuwied, Rhineland-Palatinate, in the country of Germany. It is on the Rhine River.

Relative

Relative can refer to:



Topology




Film and television

Literature

Music



Polar circle

A polar circle is either the Arctic Circle or the Antarctic Circle. On Earth, the Arctic Circle is at a latitude of 66˚ 33' 38" N, and the Antarctic Circle is at a latitude of 66˚ 33' 38" S. Areas between each polar circle and its pole (North Pole, or South Pole) will each year have at least one 24 hour period when the sun is continuously above the horizon and at least one 24 hour period when the sun is continuously below the horizon.



Walk

Walk or walking is the way people or animals travel on their legs. It is slower than running, and only one foot is off the ground at any time. If a person goes out walking, it is said that he or she 'went for a walk'. Walking quickly or for a long time is known as a healthy exercise.


Horizon

The horizon (from Greek "orizein", to limit) is the line that separates earth from sky. But at many places the "true horizon" cannot be seen as there are trees, buildings, mountains and so forth. The line is then called "visible horizon". 


Muon

The muon is an elementary particle. It has a negative electric charge and half spin. Its symbol is "μ". It is a type of lepton.

The muon has an average life time of 2.2 micro-seconds or 0.0000022 seconds.
A muon is like an electron, but it is 200 times heavier. Unlike an electron, it decays into other particles. The superparticle of a muon is called a "smuon."

Muons can be made in particle accelerators with energy levels above 105.7 MeV. Cosmic rays from the Sun also make muons:

Muons are unstable elementary particles. They are heavier than electrons and neutrinos but lighter than all other particles. They decay via the weak interaction. Because the total of the lepton numbers of the starting and ending particles must be the same, one of the product neutrinos of muon decay must be a muon-type neutrino and the other an electron-type antineutrino. Because charge must be kept the same, one of the products of muon decay is always an electron of the same charge as the muon. So, all muons decay to at least an electron, and two neutrinos. Sometimes, besides these necessary products, additional other particles that have a net charge and spin of zero (e.g., a pair of photons, or an electron-positron pair), are produced.

The dominant muon decay mode (sometimes called the Michel decay after Louis Michel) is the simplest possible: the muon decays to an electron, an electron-antineutrino, and a muon-neutrino. Antimuons, in mirror fashion, most often decay to the corresponding antiparticles: a positron, an electron-neutrino, and a muon-antineutrino.


Magnoliopsida

Magnoliopsida or dicotyledons is the name of a class of plants in taxonomy. They are also called dicots. It is the biggest group of flowering plants. Seedlings in this group have two seed leaves. Monocots have one seed leaf.

Cardiopulmonary resuscitation

Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) is a set of actions that should be done if a person stops breathing, or if their heart stops. The goal of CPR is to force blood and oxygen to keep flowing through the body. Every part of the body needs blood and oxygen to survive. CPR does not start a person's heart again. However, it can keep pushing blood and oxygen around the body long enough that sometimes, it can keep the body from getting damaged by not having enough oxygen.

There are different types of CPR. Regular people, who are not medical professionals, can do these things:
Many medical professionals can also do these things:

Time is very important. Each minute that passes before CPR is started lowers the chance of survival by about ten percent. If CPR starts within the first three to five minutes, and a defibrillator is available, the chance of survival can be as high as 50%, or even 75% (That is: one out of two, or three out of four survive). In European countries, emergency services take about eight minutes or more to arrive, once they have been alerted. A victim's survival therefore largely depends on other people who are there and what they do. A quick call to emergency services, and a quick start of basic CPR, especially defibrillation, can double to triple the chance of survival - with adults and children.

Airén

An airén is a type of white grape used to make wine. The grape is native to Spain. It is one of the most grown types of grape worldwide.

The areas of Valdepeñas and La Mancha grow the most Airén. Ciudad Real, Toledo, Albacete and Cuenca also grow large amounts. It can also be found significantly in Madrid and as far south as Montilla-Moriles.

Jean Sibelius

Jean Sibelius (born Hämeenlinna (Tavastehus) 8 December 1865; died Järvenpää, 20 September 1957) was a Finnish composer. He is one of the most famous people from Finland and one of the greatest composers of symphonies of all time. He was born at a time when Russia had a lot of power in Finland and the Finnish people were trying hard to keep their own culture and their independence. This nationalism can be heard in a lot of his music, especially some of the choral music. After 1928 he composed very little. He lived in retirement in his home in the Finnish countryside.

Jean (pronounced the French way) was born 100 km north of the Finnish capital Helsinki. His grandfather had changed the family name from a Finnish name to the Latin-sounding “Sibelius”. His father died during a cholera epidemic when Jean was very young. His family spoke Swedish at home, but when he was eleven he went to a Finnish-speaking school. He learned to play the violin and wanted to be a soloist. He loved reading the "Kalevala" which was a long epic poem about the old Finnish legends. He also loved the Swedish-speaking poets who wrote poems about nature.

In 1885 he went to Helsinki to study law but he soon gave up law and concentrated on his violin studies and composition. He went to Berlin to continue his music studies. He became good friends with the pianist and composer Ferruccio Busoni and went with him to Leipzig. At this time he had mainly written chamber music. In Vienna he had lessons from Karl Goldmark and heard lots of orchestral music. He spent a lot of his money, much of it on drink which was to be a big problem for him for many years.

He went back to Finland in 1891. He earned money by teaching. He wrote a big work for orchestra and singers called "Kullervo ". The words were in Finnish, the story was from the poem "Kalevala". This work made him famous.

In 1892 he married Aino Järnefelt. Her father was a general and very keen on the Finnish language. The Finnish were trying more and more at this time to be free of rule by Russia. Sibelius wrote more patriotic music during the 1890s e.g. the tone poem "En Saga" and the "Lemminkäinen" legends which include the popular "The Swan of Tuonela". His patriotic tone poem "Finlandia" is still very popular today. His music at this time was influenced by Wagner and Tchaikovsky. He also heard Finnish folk melodies and, although he does not use them directly in his music, they became part of his musical language. In 1897 he was given a state pension which helped him financially although for many years he was still very often short of money because he had expensive tastes.

Between 1899 and 1924 Sibelius composed the 7 symphonies which made him famous worldwide. His friend, the conductor Kajanus, conducted Sibelius’s works when he took the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra on tour around Europe. His wife was becoming worried about how much alcohol he was drinking in Helsinki, so 1903 she persuaded him to move the family to a place called Ainola in the Finnish countryside. They had a house built in Järvenpää. Apart from a few short periods in Helsinki he spent the rest of his life there. The first works he wrote there were his "Symphony no 2" and the "Violin Concerto ". He became seriously ill in 1908 and for several years he had to stop smoking cigars and drinking alcohol. He continued to travel and visited England several times and the United States in 1914 where he was very popular. After the war he continued to write more symphonies as well as some short, light pieces. The last great work that he wrote was the tone-poem "Tapiola" in 1926. He tried to write another symphony (no 8) but gave up and destroyed it. He never wrote any more music. He continued to live in retirement in his house in the Finnish country for another 30 years. He died of a brain hemorrhage. The house is now a Sibelius museum.

Sibelius's wife Aino came from a highly respectable family. Although her father was a general in the army, there was a very great interest in culture in the Järnefeld family which included musicians, painters and poets. Jean fell in love with Aino on his first visit to her home. Aino was to be a faithful wife to him all his life, although she suffered a lot of hardship due to his drinking problems and his debts. They had five daughters.

Sibelius is best known for his symphonies and tone-poems. His symphonies are very different from one another, none can be described as being “typical” of his style. The early symphonies are Romantic in character, in the later symphonies he tries out lots of new ideas and sounds. His "Violin Concerto" is played by all the great violinists. Sibelius wrote lots of songs for voice and piano. These are mostly settings of Swedish poems. He also wrote many choral works, mostly in Finnish. These vocal works are not so well known outside Finland because the language is not familiar abroad, but there are some very good songs, especially "Luonnotar". Besides his important works he also wrote many short works in order to earn enough money to live. These include songs as well as many short piano pieces.

Sibelius's music today is extremely popular. His music has also been an influence on recent composers.


Schutzstaffel

The Schutzstaffel ( (SS) or better known as the SS was a large security and military organization controlled by the National Socialist German Workers Party (Nazi Party) in Germany. "SS" was sometimes written in Runic as , and this symbol was put on the SS flag and insignia. It was formed in 1925 in Weimar Germany or better known as the Weimar Republic . In 1934 the SS became powerful after the execution of the head of the Sturmabteilung (SA) leader Ernst Röhm in Night of the Long Knives .

The SS played a major part in The Holocaust. For example, they ran the Nazi labour camps and death camps, where they killed millions of people. After World War II, judges at the Nuremberg Trials ruled that the SS was an illegal criminal organization. The judges also said that the SS was the organization that had done most of the Holocaust.

The SS was created in the 1925 to guard Nazi leader Adolf Hitler. ("Schutzstaffel" means "Protection Squadron" in German). From 1929 to 1945, Heinrich Himmler led the SS. During that time, the SS grew from a small paramilitary unit to one of the largest and most powerful organizations in Nazi Germany.

The Nazis saw the SS as a special unit, like the Praetorian Guard (which used to guard Roman emperors). To be chosen for the SS, a person had to be racially "pure". This meant they had to prove that all their ancestors were "Aryan". They also had to be completely loyal to the Nazi party. They could never ask questions or disagree with anything the SS did.

The SS had two different parts. The "Allgemeine-SS" ("General SS") were the Nazis' police. The "Waffen-SS" ("Armed SS") were special units of soldiers in Nazi Germany's military. The Waffen-SS became known for fierce fighting and brutality against civilians and prisoners of war. Its units helped crush the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, where Polish Jews tried to fight back against the Nazis. Waffen-SS units also killed many American prisoners of war during the Battle of the Bulge in 1944.

The SS was militaristic but not military. It had its own rank system, insignia, and uniforms. This made the SS different from the German military, the Nazi party, and people who worked in the German government.

As the Nazi party gained more and more power in Germany, it gave control of more important jobs (like law enforcement) to the SS. Many SS organizations became as powerful as parts of the government. The Nazi party decided that to help it keep its power, it needed to give the SS two even more important jobs. One of these was to create and run the Sicherheitsdienst ("SD"), the Nazi security and intelligence service. The other was to control the "Geheime Staatspolizei" ("Gestapo"): the SS secret police. Because it was in charge of so many important things, the SS could do almost anything it wanted.
As the SS's leader, Heinrich Himmler used the SS to put the Final Solution into action. The SS Einsatzgruppen murdered many civilians, mostly Jews, in the countries controlled by Nazi Germany during World War II. The SS was in charge of creating and running labour camps and death camps (camps where people were sent to be killed). In these camps, millions of prisoners died from many causes, including murder, starvation, disease, freezing to death, and being experimented on by Nazi doctors like Josef Mengele.

After the war, the judges at the Nuremberg Trials decided the SS was a criminal organization (a group that was created only to commit crimes). They ruled that the SS had committed war crimes and crimes against humanity. They also said that the SS was the organization that had carried out most of the Holocaust.





Logarithm

Logarithms or logs are a part of mathematics. They are related to exponential functions. A logarithm tells what exponent (or power) is needed to make a certain number, so logarithms are one of the inverse operations of exponentiation (the other one being roots). Historically, they were useful in multiplying or dividing large numbers.

An example of a logarithm is formula_1. In this logarithm, the base is 2, the power is 8 and the answer is 3. In this case, the exponentiation function would be:

formula_2

The most common types of logarithms are common logarithms, where the base is 10, binary logarithms, where the base is 2, and natural logarithms, where the base is formula_3 formula_4.

Logarithms were first used in India in the 2nd century BCE. The first to use logarithms in modern times was the German mathematician Michael Stifel (around 14871567). In 1544, he wrote down the following equations: formula_5 and formula_6. This is the basis for understanding logarithms. For Stifel, formula_7 and formula_8 had to be whole numbers. John Napier (1550–1617) did not want this restriction, and wanted a range for the exponents.

According to Napier, logarithms express ratios: formula_9 has the same ratio to formula_10, as formula_11 to formula_12 if the difference of their logarithms matches. Mathematically: formula_13. At first, base formula_3 was used (even though the number had not been named yet). Henry Briggs proposed to use 10 as a base for logarithms, as such logarithms are very useful in astronomy.

A logarithm tells what exponent is needed to make a certain number, so logarithms are one of the inverse operations of exponentiation.

Just as an exponential function has three parts, a logarithm has three parts as well: a base, a power and an answer (also called exponent).

The following is an example of an exponential function: 
In this function, the base is 2, the power is 3 and the answer is 8.

This exponential equation has an inverse, its logarithmic equation:

In this equation, the base is 2, the power is 8 and the answer is 3.

Addition has one inverse operation: subtraction. Also, multiplication has one inverse operation: division. However, exponentiation actually has "two" inverse operations: the root and the logarithm. The reason why this is the case has to do with the fact that exponentiation is not commutative.

The following example illustrates this:

This is because formula_34 usually is not the same as formula_35 (for example, formula_36 but formula_37).

Logarithms can make multiplication and division of large numbers easier, because adding logarithms is the same as multiplying, and subtracting logarithms is the same as dividing.

Before calculators became popular and common, people used logarithm tables in books to multiply and divide. The same information in a logarithm table was available on a slide rule, a tool with logarithms written on it.

Aside from computations, logarithm also has many other real-life applications:


Base 10 Logarithms are called common logarithms. They are usually written without the base. For example:
This is true because:

Logarithms to base formula_3 are called natural logarithms. The number formula_3 is nearly 2.71828, and is also called the Eulerian constant after the mathematician Leonhard Euler.

The natural logarithms can take the symbols formula_44 or, more commonly, formula_45. Some authors prefer the use of natural logarithms as formula_46, (and usually mention it on preface pages), thought this notation is incorrect.

Logarithms have many properties. For example:

This property is straight from the definition of a logarithm:

For example

The logarithm to base formula_10 of a number formula_9, is the same as the logarithm of formula_9 divided by the logarithm of formula_10. That is,
For example, let formula_9 be 6 and formula_10 be 2. With calculators we can show that this is true (or at least very close):
The results above had a small error, but this was due to the rounding of numbers.

Since it is hard to picture the natural logarithm, we find that, in terms of a base ten logarithm:
Logarithms which multiply inside their power can be changed as follows:
For example,
Similarly, logarithm which divides inside the argument can be turned into a difference of logarithm (because it is the "inverse operation" of multiplication):
Before electronic computers, logarithms were used every day by scientists. Logarithms helped scientists and engineers in many fields such as astronomy.

Before computers, the "table of logarithms" was an important tool. In 1617, Henry Briggs printed the first logarithm table. This was soon after Napier's basic invention. Later, people made tables with better scope and precision. These tables listed the values of formula_66 and formula_67 for any number formula_32 in a certain range, at a certain precision, for a certain base formula_10 (usually formula_70). For example, Briggs' first table contained the common logarithms of all integers in the range 1–1000, with a precision of 8 digits. 

Since the function formula_71 is the inverse function of formula_66, it has been called the antilogarithm. People used these tables to multiply and divide numbers. For example, a user looked up the logarithm in the table for each of two positive numbers. Adding the numbers from the table would give the logarithm of the product. The antilogarithm feature of the table would then find the product based on its logarithm.

For manual calculations that need precision, performing the lookups of the two logarithms, calculating their sum or difference, and looking up the antilogarithm is much faster than performing the multiplication by earlier ways.

Many logarithm tables give logarithms by separately providing the characteristic and mantissa of formula_32, that is to say, the integer part and the fractional part of formula_74. The characteristic of formula_75 is one plus the characteristic of formula_32, and their significands are the same. This extends the scope of logarithm tables: given a table listing formula_77 for all integers formula_32 ranging from 1 to 1000, the logarithm of 3542 is approximated by

Another critical application was the slide rule, a pair of logarithmically divided scales used for calculation, as illustrated here:

Numbers are marked on sliding scales at distances proportional to the differences between their logarithms. Sliding the upper scale appropriately amounts to mechanically adding logarithms. For example, adding the distance from 1 to 2 on the lower scale to the distance from 1 to 3 on the upper scale yields a product of 6, which is read off at the lower part. Many engineers and scientists used slide rules until the 1970s. Scientists can work faster using a slide rule than using a logarithm table.


William Penn

William Penn (14 October 1644-30 July 1718) was an English colonial leader. He was very wealthy and owned slaves who he forced to work on his plantation. He was given what would become the US state of Pennsylvania by King Charles II as a debt to his father. Penn was a member of the Religious Society of Friends, who are known as Quakers.

Penn and his wife were made honorary United States citizens in 1984 by US President Ronald Reagan. He was friends with George Fox. 

Babe Ruth

George Herman "Babe" Ruth, Jr. (February 6, 1895 – August 16, 1948) was a famous baseball player during the 1910s and 1930s in Major League Baseball. He played with the Boston Red Sox, New York Yankees, and the Boston Braves, and hit 714 home runs in his career. Only two players, Hank Aaron and Barry Bonds, have hit more. At the beginning of his career, he was a pitcher. He is widely considered the greatest baseball player of all time.

Babe Ruth has been called by many nicknames. Some of the most common are: "The Great Bambino", "The Sultan of Swat", "The Colossus of Clout", "The Titan of Terror", and "The King of Crash". While attending St. Mary's Industrial School for Boys, he was sometimes referred to by the racial epitaph "Niggerlips" as he had large facial features and was darker than most boys at the all-white reformatory.

Ruth learned to play baseball while growing up in Baltimore, Maryland.His first Major League Baseball (MLB) team was the Boston Red Sox. Ruth began playing as a pitcher. He had some of the best pitching statistics in baseball. The Red Sox won the World Series in 1915, 1916, and 1918.

At that time, there was no designated hitter rule in the American League, where the Red Sox played, so Ruth got chances to hit as a pitcher. The team realized that he was also good at hitting. In 1918, Ruth began hitting more and pitching less. Later in his career, he became an outfielder.

Ruth was becoming a star player. However, by 1919, Red Sox owner Harry Frazee was having problems with money. In 1920, the Red Sox sold Ruth to the New York Yankees for cash. Even though the Red Sox had won several World Series in the years before this, they would not win another one until 2004. Many baseball fans believed that the Red Sox had become "cursed" by trading Ruth, and called this the "Curse of the Bambino". (When the Red Sox finally did win a World Series in 2004, they beat the Yankees in the American League Championship to get there.)

Ruth spent most of the rest of his career with the Yankees, where he became one of the most famous players in baseball history. Ruth helped the Yankees win World Series championships in 1923, 1927, 1928, and 1932. He left the Yankees after the 1934 season and played one last season with the Boston Braves in 1935.

In 1927, Ruth hit 60 home runs, which was then a record for the most home runs in one season. The record was broken by Roger Maris in 1961 with 61 home runs.

Ruth died of a brain tumor on August 16, 1948.

In November 2018, Ruth posthumously received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Donald Trump.

He also had a .474 career on-base percentage, which is second all-time to Ted Williams' .482.


Korn

Korn (sometimes written as KoЯn to fit their logo) is an American Grammy Award-winning nu metal and alternative metal band from Bakersfield, California.

The band was first called 'Creep' and had another singer.

People often say they created the nu metal genre. Along with other bands of the time, they were influences for a wave of nu metal, alternative metal and rap metal bands through the mid 1990s and early 2000s, helping Limp Bizkit (who were discovered by Korn themselves) and Slipknot more than other bands. Despite this, Korn have been quoted for disliking the term and even being called 'metal'. Jonathan Davis has said that Korn's music can not be classified and that it contains many other influences besides simply 'metal'. The official review on the iTunes Store for their first album goes as far as saying that Korn "hate the term".

Their first album was first sold in 1994 and also called KoRn. Since then, Korn has sold over 35 millions records worldwide - including 16,5 millions in the U.S., making them one of the best-selling metal acts of the last twelve years. The band's catalogue consists of seven platinum studio albums in a row, one platinum compilation album, and seven consecutive debuts (including "Greatest Hits, Volume 1" compilation album) in top 10 of Billboard Top 200 best selling albums. Korn has been selected for 6 Grammys, and won 2 such awards. 8 of their albums has been awarded as multi-platinum, despite only part of them being on Billboard.



Timeline

Aspirin

Aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) is a drug. It is most commonly used as a pain killer, or to reduce fever or inflammation. It also has an anti-platelet effect - it reduces the number of platelets in the blood which reduces blood clotting- in that function it is used to prevent heart attacks. Aspirin is one of the most-used medical drugs in the world.

There are some possible side-effects to this drug. For example, large amounts can damage the kidneys. Children taking aspirin can develop Reye's syndrome which causes the liver to become fatty and not work properly and also the brain to become enlarged. Reyes syndrome can be fatal, but most children survive it with treatment.

People with lung, kidney disease, gout, hyperuricemia (high amounts of uric acid in the blood), hemophilia (a blood clotting disorder), diabetes or high blood pressure should not take aspirin except on the advice of a qualified medical professional. Nor should people who are allergic to it, to ibuprofen or to naproxen. People with asthma where attacks are brought about by aspirin should avoid using any anti-inflammatory drugs based on it.

Aspirin was invented in Germany in 1897. Bayer has a trademark on the brand name "aspirin" in 80 countries. But in other countries, "aspirin" is the common name for the drug.

Víctor Jara

Víctor Jara (September 28, 1932- September 15, 1973) was a singer from Chile, South America. 

He was born into a family of very poor peasants but through a lot of hard work and effort was able to enter the University of Chile - something very unusual in a poor country like Chile. In this manner he was able to escape the poverty of his parents. 

At University he studied dramatic arts or acting; he taught and directed theatre productions. During this time he met and married Joan Turner, a British ballet dancer and choreographer who worked in Chile. 

Later Víctor Jara started to write and sing songs. He began to sing songs about the life of humble and poor people in his country: peasants, factory workers, miners, abandoned children, poor women. He also dedicated music albums to people who live in the shanty towns. 

Víctor Jara tried to use his music to bring awareness about the inequality between the richest and the poorest people in society. How poor folk have a hard time acquiring the most basic things, such as food, health care, education, and housing. He also supported politicians who called for a fairer distribution of wealth to end poverty. 

In 1973 Víctor Jara was killed by a military dictatorship led by General Augusto Pinochet for singing songs about social problems and social injustice. The U.S. government of Richard Nixon supported the military regime.


WWE

World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC, doing business as WWE, is a big company that produces professional wrestling shows. It is now the most popular company in the wrestling business. Vince J. McMahon started the company in 1963. His son, Vince K. McMahon is currently the Executive Chairman of the company and runs the company along president Nick Khan and Vince's son-in-law Paul Levesque, better known as Triple H. The company is owned by TKO Group Holdings.

The company used to be known as the World Wrestling Federation or the WWF. They changed their name to World Wrestling Entertainment after a lawsuit filed by the World Wide Fund for Nature, formerly known as the World Wildlife Fund, which uses the "WWF" initials in the United States. In 2011, the company rebranded itself as WWE, although its legal name is still World Wrestling Entertainment.

On April 3, 2023, the WWE and Endeavor agreed that the WWE and Zuffa (Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC's parent company) would merge to create TKO Group Holdings and would be going public on the New York Stock Exchange. The WWE and UFC will stay two seperate products even though their company is now merged. The merger was made official on September 12, 2023.

At the top of WWE's championship hierarchy is the WWE Universal Championship and the WWE Championship on WWE SmackDown (currently defended together as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship) and the World Heavyweight Championship on WWE Raw. There are two world championships available for female wrestlers: the WWE Women's Championship on SmackDown and the Women's World Championship on Raw. There are three tag team championships: the Raw Tag Team Championship and the SmackDown Tag Team Championship for the men (currently defended together as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship) and the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship. There are two secondary titles in WWE, the WWE Intercontinental Championship on Raw and the WWE United States Championship on SmackDown.

WWE's developmental brand NXT features its own set of championships.
There is the NXT Championship, the NXT Women's Championship, the NXT Tag Team Championship, the NXT North American Championship and the NXT Heritage Cup.


Scutellosaurus

Scutellosaurus was a small bipedal herbivorous dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic period, 200–196 million years ago. It was about a metre long.

Its back was armoured, and it is placed in the Thyreophora with the other armoured dinosaurs. It was one of the earliest members of this group, and the most basal (primitive) form so far known. Its closest relatives may have been "Emausaurus" and "Scelidosaurus". These, and the larger armoured dinosaurs "Ankylosaurus", "Stegosaurus" and "Huayangosaurus", were all quadrupedal. The lightly built bipedal "Scutellosaurus" is similar in form to the ancestral dinosaurs, which were bipedal.

"Scutellosaurus" was around long, tall at the hips, and weighed . The fossil evidence includes two partial skeletons recovered from Arizona, although of the skull only the lower jaw has been recovered. There were also several hundred scutes running along its neck to its back and as far down as its tail. Some of these shields were flat, while others were pitted. It had an unusually long tail, possibly a counterbalance to the weight of the armoured body, and long arms that suggest it may have browsed on all fours.

London Eye

The London Eye is a large metal Ferris wheel. It is also known as the Millennium Wheel and is one of the largest observation wheels in the world. Since mid-January 2015 it has been known in branding as the Coca-Cola London Eye, after an agreement signed in September 2014. The London Eye is at the western end of Jubilee Garden, on the South Bank of the river Thames, between Westminster Bridge and Hungerford Bridge.

The Eye was opened in 2000. It is high. At the time it was built, in 1999, it was the tallest giant wheel in the world, and at present it is Europe's tallest Ferris wheel. It offered the highest public viewing point in London. The observation deck on the 72nd floor of The Shard is now the highest public view of London. 
It is the most popular paid tourist attraction in the United Kingdom: there are over 2.2 million visitors annually, and the Eye has made many appearances in popular culture.

The London Eye was overtaken in height by the Star of Nanchang, which is high. On 11 February 2008, the Singapore Flyer overtook the Star of Nanchang with . In 2018-19 a plan for a taller observation wheel named the Whey Aye was proposed for Newcastle upon Tyne. 


Finlandia

Finlandia is a symphonic poem by the Finnish composer Jean Sibelius. He wrote it in 1899 and made some changes to it the next year. "Finlandia" is the Latin name for Finland. At the time Sibelius wrote it, Finland was called the "Grand Duchy of Finland". This was because it was being ruled by Russia. The Finnish people wanted to rule Finland for themselves. The music was composed for a pageant to encourage the Finnish people to work for freedom.

The music of "Finlandia" is exciting and dramatic. It sounds like the Finnish people struggling to be free. Towards the end the music becomes calm and a lovely tune is played. It is a hymn tune which became known as "Finlandia". Many years later Sibelius set some words to this hymn and it is often sung as a separate piece by a choir. The words were written by Veikko Antero Koskenniemi. It has become Finland's best known song and almost feels like a second Finnish national anthem. It is often sung as a hymn in Christian churches to the words "Be still, my soul: the Lord is on your side". The tune was also used as the national anthem of the short-lived African country Biafra.

Transpiration

Transpiration is the evaporation of water from plants, especially leaves. It is a type of translocation and part of the water cycle. The amount of water lost by a plant depends on its size, the light intensity, temperature, humidity, wind speed, and soil water supply. The process of Transpiration helps in regulating temperature in the plant. 

Transpiration was first worked out by Stephen Hales (17 September 1677 – 4 January 1761), an English clergyman. He proved what is still believed, that the evaporation of water molecules from leaves is the main force pulling the water column up from its origin in the roots.

Leaf surfaces are dotted with openings called stomata, which act rather like pores. In most plants there are more on the undersides of the leaves than on the top. The stomata are bordered by guard cells that open and close the pore. Transpiration happens when the guard cells open the stomata. This lets oxygen and water vapour flow out, and carbon dioxide flow in. The carbon dioxide is used in photosynthesis, and the oxygen is produced by photosynthesis.

Transpiration also pulls water through the plant. This brings with it the mineral nutrients from roots to shoots. Water moves out of the leaves into the atmosphere. This exerts a pull on the water column, which brings the water up against gravity. Water gets into the plant at the roots by osmosis, and it transports dissolved mineral nutrients to the upper parts of the plant through the xylem. A fully grown tree may lose hundreds of gallons (thousands of liters) of water through its leaves on a hot, dry day. About 90% of the water that enters a plant's roots is used for this process; most of the rest is used in photosynthesis.

Desert plants and conifers have adaptations which reduce water loss. Examples are: thick cuticles, reduced leaf areas, sunken stomata and hairs. All these reduce transpiration and conserve water. Many cacti do photosynthesis in succulent stems, rather than leaves. The surface area of even a fat stem is far less that the total surface of leaves in a tree. Also, stomata of desert plants are usually closed during the day and open at night, when transpiration is lower.



Stomata

In botany, a stoma (plural = "stomata") is a tiny opening or pore. It is found on plant leaves and stems, and any other green parts of the plant. It is used for gas exchange. Stomata are mostly found on the "under-surface" of plant leaves. all plants have stomata.

Stomata have two main functions. First is gaseous exchange i.e. intake of carbon dioxide and release of oxygen. The second is the process of transpiration in plants.

Air enters the plant through these openings. The carbon dioxide is used in photosynthesis, which also produces oxygen. The plant uses some of the oxygen but the rest is waste that exits through these same openings. Also, water vapor goes into the atmosphere through these pores in transpiration.

The pore is formed by a pair of cells known as guard cells. These adjust the size of the opening by opening or closing. To open a guard cell, protons (hydrogen ions, H) are pumped into the guard cells. Water enters into them, the cells gets filled, and they open.

Leopold Mozart

Johann Georg Leopold Mozart (November 14, 1719 – May 28, 1787; pronounced MOHT-sart) was a composer, music teacher and violinist. He was the father and teacher of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.

Famine

Famine is a situation where most people do not have enough food to eat. Without food, the human body grows weaker and weaker until the person becomes very sick or dies (see malnutrition). In poor countries with much subsistence farming such as in parts of Africa and Latin America, famine can be common.



Frequency modulation

In telecommunications and signal processing, frequency modulation transmits information over a carrier wave by varying the frequency. This technique is different from amplitude modulation which varies the amplitude, but keeps the frequency constant. This kind of modulation is used in broadcasting and other radio work.

In the context of broadcasting, Frequency modulation is often shortened to FM. When transmitting analogue sound, the sound quality of FM signals is better than that of amplitude modulation (AM) signals. However, FM signals do not travel as far as AM beause they use higher frequencies that do not bounce off the Kennelly–Heaviside layer.

Many radio stations send out both kinds of signals. AM may be used for talk shows, and FM for music. FM broadcasting usually includes a difference signal, which can cause two different speakers at home to create different sounds. This creates stereo sound.


Monty Hall problem

The Monty Hall problem is a famous problem in probability (chance). The problem is based on a television game show from the United States, "Let's Make a Deal". It is named for this show's host, Monty Hall.

In the problem, there are three doors. A car (prize of high value) is behind one door and goats (booby prizes of low value) are behind the other two doors. First, the player chooses a door but does not open it. Then the host opens a different door. The host knows what is behind every door, and always chooses a door with a goat behind it. (If there are goats behind both other doors, one is chosen at random.) Last, the player chooses whether to keep what is behind the original door or to change to the remaining door (the one the host did not open).

The rules of the problem are that the host has to open a door with a goat behind it and the player has the opportunity to switch. The question is whether changing choices increases the chances of getting the car.

Most people feel that the car is equally likely to be behind either of the two doors that are still closed, so that changing doors does not affect the chance of getting the car. The true answer is that changing choices increases the chances of getting the car from 1/3 (one out of three) to 2/3 (two out of three).

That 2/3 (two out of three) chance comes from the fact in the initial door choice, the player has a 1/3 (one out of three) chance of picking the door with the car. There is a 2/3 (two out of three) chance if the car is behind one of the other two doors. If the player could switch from their one door to the other two doors this would improve their chances. The fact that the host reveals that one of the other doors contains a goat does not change this probability. The player is still effectively swapping their one door for the other two (even though one of them has been opened).

These are the options:

1. (Lose) : If the player picks the car, then the host will show a goat. Then if the player changes their choice, they will get a goat.

2. (Win) : If the player picks a goat, then the host will show the other goat. Then if the player changes their choice, they will get a car.

3. (Win) : If the player picks the other goat, then the host will show the first goat. Then if the player changes their choice, they will get a car.

So, it is true that if the player changes (switches) then the player will win a car two times out of three.


Emergency telephone number

An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance. Emergency services usually include police, medical, or firefighting public services. Many countries' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number, sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number. Most emergency service numbers are 3 digits long so that they can be dialed quickly and remembered easily. Some countries have a different emergency number for each of the different emergency services and are different only by the last digit. 

In Europe, the telephone number for emergency services is 1-1-2. In North America, the number for emergency services is 9-1-1. It can be dialed from any phone connected to a network, as a cellular service plan isn't required or charged for emergency calls. Some countries, such as Israel, maintains separate but consecutive numbers for police, fire, and medical services. When the number is dialed on the phone keypad, the call is routed to the nearest emergency telephone operating center. This center is oftentimes found within the same city or town that the call is made from. This provides a strong connection and allows emergency services to get to the location better. In some areas, calls are able to be traced on a map with GPS from cell towers. This can be helpful if a person calls but is unable to speak or if the telephone connection line disconnected before the call was ended intentionally. 

The ability to contact emergency services has changed in recent years as technology has advanced. Some mobile devices like the Apple iPhone and Apple Watch and mobile applications such as Noonlight offer capabilities to contact emergency services without having to call or speak to an emergency phone operator. These features are still being tested and developed by using a smart phone's ability to maintain a very accurate GPS location. 

Classified

Classified could mean:


Satellite city

Satellite cities are smaller cities that are near to a large city that is the center of a metropolitan area. They are different from suburbs, subdivisions and bedroom communities because they have their own center. Satellite cities could be separate cities outside of the larger metropolitan areas. However, working as part of a metropolis, a satellite city gets "cross-commuting" (people living in the city working outside of the city and people from other places working in the city). For example, London has several satellite cities, like Brentwood, Crawley and Chelmsford. New Haven and Bridgeport are among the satellite cities of New York City. Ipswich, Queensland, is a satellite city of Brisbane, Australia, and Kitchener and Guelph are satellite cities of Toronto, Canada. 

Satellite cities are almost self sufficient in terms of amenities and facilities. They usually have all of the things to categorize them as a separate city, but they rely on the parent city or the nearby larger metropolitan area for some of their needs like education or employment.

Shanty town

Shanty towns are slums on the outskirts of many cities – especially in third world countries. Normally there are not many shanty towns in more economically developed countries. Often of low cost, with houses badly built with plywood, corrugated metal, sheets of plastic, cardboard or any available material. Often irregular structures good enough to keep the rain away or to protect from the summer sun. Pets and animals are often left to roam for food and water.

Lack of clean water, sanitation and toilets often make people, especially children, more exposed to illnesses such as hepatitis and cholera.

Many are built on land without a permit and often have no roads, numbered street, electricity or telephone lines. Some homes in shanty towns have some services but they are unkept and pose health and fire hazards. Sometimes shanty towns can take up whole parts of a city and may include millions of dwellers – such as in the cities of Brazil- see Favelas.

Many shanty town settlements are built on the banks of rivers and as a result the residents suffer the effect of floods or from industrial toxins in the water. Some are built close to rubbish dumps.
Residents of shanty towns often have poor health, lack education, suffer from high levels of crime and suicide, and have a shorter life expectancy. 

Pterodactyloidea

Pterodactyloidea is the suborder of short-tailed pterosaurs. Their fossil record starts in the middle Jurassic. They became extinct in the K/T extinction event at the end of the Cretaceous period. "Pterodactylus", "Pteranodon" and "Quetzalcoatlus" are in this suborder.

In 2014 remains of the earliest pterodactyloid was found in China. It is called "Kryptodrakon". Its minimum age was 162.7 million years ago (mya). This is about five million years older than any previously known confirmed specimens.

Recent work shows that the group had more variety at the end of the Cretaceous than was thought earlier. In the early 2010s, several new pterosaur taxa were discovered dating to the late Cretaceous. These finds include some small sized pterosaur species.

At the end of the Cretaceous period, the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event, which made all non-avian and most avian dinosaurs, as well as many other animals, extinct. The pterosaurs seem to have gone extinct in this event.

This is the classification of the different divisions of pterodactyloidea:

Michael Praetorius

Michael Praetorius (born Creuzburg an der Werra, near Eisenach 15 February 1571? ; died Wolfenbüttel, 15 February 1621) was a German composer, organist and music theorist. He was one of the most important composers of his day and he wrote lots of different kinds of music. A lot of his music is based on hymns of the Protestant church.

We are not quite certain about the date of his birth. He was born at a time when there was a lot of argument about religion in Germany. His father was a strict Lutheran and lost his job more than once because of his beliefs. We know very little about the life of Praetorius. He seems to have gone to the Lateinschule (“Latin School”) in Torgau where he had music lessons from Michael Voigt. He probably never had music lessons after he left school. Then he went to the University of Frankfurt an der Oder. There Praetorius graduated in divinity. Afterwards he found a job as organist to the Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. He soon earned a good salary. He married in 1603 and had two sons.

Although he had his job in Wolfenbüttel for many years he also worked a lot in Dresden where he met Heinrich Schütz and in Magdeburg where he met Samuel Scheidt. His health was not good, possibly because he worked so hard. When he died he left a lot of money to the poor.

Praetorius wrote a very large amount of music. Much of it has been lost. He wrote a collection of French dances called "Terpsichore" for a small group of instruments. These are very happy pieces and are very popular today. A lot of his music is based on Protestant hymns, written for the services in the Lutheran church. He liked to write music in which two groups of singers or instrumentalists alternate (take it in turns to sing/play). His music for choir, which includes many motets, shows him to be one of the best composers of his time. He liked to write music for two, three or four choirs (all singing different parts). The tune would be in the top part so that the congregation could join in.

Praetorius wrote a book about music theory called "Syntagma Musicum". Part One talks about religious music. It is very interesting for us today because it tells us a lot about the way that Martin Luther wanted to change music in the church services. In Part Two he described the musical instruments of his day. Part Three talks about musical forms: this included discussions about things like music notation (the way music was written), transposition (music), solmization and how to write for large choirs. He was going to write a Part Four in which he wanted to discuss the technique of musical composition, but he died before he could write it.

Denver Broncos

The Denver Broncos are an American football team in the National Football League (NFL). They play their home games in Denver, Colorado, U.S. at Empower Field at Mile High. The Broncos play in the West Division of the American Football Conference (AFC). The Broncos won Super Bowl XXXII, Super Bowl XXXIII, and Super Bowl 50.

Their current head coach is Sean Payton. In 2015, they had the NFL's best defense led by defensive coordinator Wade Phillips.

Five players who have played for the Broncos are in the Pro Football Hall of Fame: John Elway, Shannon Sharpe, Terrell Davis, Floyd Little, and Gary Zimmerman.


Indianapolis Colts

The Indianapolis Colts are an American football team in Indianapolis, Indiana. They play in the National Football League. They were originally the Baltimore Colts. The team moved to Indianapolis in 1984.


Prometheus

Prometheus is a Titan in Greek mythology. He is the son of Iapetus and . He created humans, originally made out of gold. He also stole fire from Zeus and gave it to humans. As punishment, Zeus had Prometheus chained to a mountain. Every day an eagle (symbol of Zeus) would come and eat his liver. Prometheus is immortal, so he never died, and his liver grew back every night. But he still felt great pain.

After a long time, Zeus sent his son Heracles to free Prometheus by breaking the chains which held him.

Aeschylus wrote a play about Prometheus.


Pitch (music)

In music, the pitch of a note means how high or low the note sounds. For example, a violin usually has a higher pitch than a string bass. Pitch mostly depends on the frequency of the sound — how fast the air vibrates back and forth. In physics, frequency is measured in a unit called Hertz. A note that is vibrating at 261 Hz will be caused by sound waves that vibrate at 261 times a second. This will be Middle C on the piano. 

Not all musical instruments make notes of a certain pitch. Many percussion instruments like drums, triangles and cymbals are instruments used for rhythms. They do not play tunes because they have no definite pitch (although often a definite pitch can just be heard when listening carefully.)

Some musicians have a sense of absolute pitch or perfect pitch. This means that they always know what note is being played, even without comparing it to another note. Having a sense of absolute pitch does not necessarily make someone a good musician, although it can be very useful.

There is evidence to suggest that well-known composers of classical music, such as Haydn, Beethoven, Mozart, and Bach, had developed and perhaps even mastered their sense of pitch.

Pitch is not exactly the same as frequency. Frequency is used as a scientific means for measuring and changing sound and its possible pitches. Pitch is a more psychological quality. It depends on how the ear perceives sounds, and how the brain interprets them.



Congregation

A congregation is a group of people who have come together (congregated) for something, usually for religious worship. In Christian churches the word “congregation” is often used to mean all the people in the main part of the church, but not the choir or the priests. This term came from long ago after the church was first formed. For example: the order of service might say that the choir will sing verse 1 of a hymn and "the congregation are asked to join in at verse 2".

Technique

A technique may refer to:


Soursop

The soursop, also known as the zuurzak, is the fruit of the tree "Annona muricata". The tree is from warm parts of the Americas. At first it was only found in the Caribbean islands, parts of Central America and parts of South America. Now it is grown in other warm and wet places, such as the Pacific Islands, Florida and Southeast Asia.

This fruit is large. It has a spiky green skin, which is not eaten. The inside of the fruit is white. It contains a sweet but sharp-tasting juice. The soursop contains black or brown seeds that are not eaten. The fruit can be eaten raw, or it can be made into juice for drinking. The juice is used to make candy and ice cream.

Some people use the soursop fruit or leaves as a medicine. Although the fruit contains sugars and a lot of vitamins, it may not be good to eat a lot of it. Scientists think that the soursop may make some people ill. 

Pond-apple

A pond-apple is a type of fruit. It is not related to the apple. They usually live near or in water.

Pore

A pore, in general, is some form of opening, usually very small.

Pore might mean:

Vegetation

Vegetation means the plant life of a region or the plant community. It means all ground cover by plants, and is the main element of the biosphere. When you say "vegetation" you do not think of any species composition, life forms, structure, spatial extent, "naturalness", or any other specific botanical or geographic characteristics. That is meant by "flora" which refers exclusively to species composition.

"Vegetation" can refer to a wide range of spatial scales. Primeval redwood forests, coastal mangrove stands, sphagnum bogs, desert soil crusts, roadside weed patches, wheat fields, cultivated gardens and lawns; all are meant by the term "vegetation".



Player killing

Player Killing (PKing) is a part of online gaming with real people. It is when you kill another person's character. Some other terms in pking are: PJing, which means pile jumping, or attacking someone when they are picking up the items dropped by a player they have just killed a player, Safer, which means someone who PKs safely (especially when eating or healing) and does not take risks, making it widely considered 'unfair' on the people trying to PK them and DD which means death dot, which is when people in a Player Killing team all stand in the same place as each other, making it appear to other players that there is only one person there. However, "safing" varies in how other people perceive it. It can be used to stay alive, however you usually lose a chance to hit when healing.

Sebaceous gland

The sebaceous glands are microscopic (tiny) glands in the skin which produce an oily/waxy substance, called sebum, to lubricate (oil) the skin and hair. In people, these glands are found in greatest amounts on the face and scalp, joined near the top inside hair follicles or sweat pores. However, they are in all skin areas except the palms and soles (undersides) of the feet.
There are different kinds of these glands and sebum. In the eyelids, meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears. There are several related medical conditions, including: acne, sebaceous cysts, hyperplasia, sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma (see section below: "Diseases").
Washing skin or hair with plain detergent can cut the amount of sebum in oily skin. Also, water temperature over can keep sebum melted during a wash.

As a branched kind of acinar gland, the sebaceous glands are found in people all over the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet.

Sebaceous glands are often found in hair-covered areas, where they are connected near the top of hair follicles ("see image at top"). The glands deposit sebum on each hair, and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft. The structure consisting of hair, hair follicle, arrector pili muscle, and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit.

Sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas (glabrous skin) of the eyelids, nose, penis, labia minora, and nipples. Here, the sebum travels along ducts which end inside "sweat pores" near the surface of the skin.

At the rim of the eyelids, meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland. They secrete a form of sebum (known as meibum) onto the eye, which slows the drying of tears.

Sebaceous glands produce the oily, waxy substance called "sebum" (Latin, meaning "fat" or "tallow") that is made of fat (lipids), wax, and the leftover dead fat-producing cells. In the glands, sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands.

Sebum has no odor, but its bacterial breakdown can produce a bad odor. Sebum is the cause of some people experiencing "oily" hair,
as in hot weather or if not washed for several days. Earwax is partly composed of sebum. Sebum can be washed using plain detergent, to dissolve the waxy material in the skin. Also, water for washing should be over to keep the sebum molten.

Excess sebum has been linked to eating red meats, fried and oily foods and some other type of foods but different research shows multiple theories about it.

It is commonly believed that sebum acts to save skin from drying or to waterproof hair and skin. But some scientists have contended that "low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin", and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans.

The substances in sebum vary between species. In people, the lipid content is as follows:

Also, sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is found only in people, not in animals.

The following medicines have been shown to reduce the flow of sebum from skin:

The sebaceous glands of a human fetus "in utero" secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa, a "waxy" or "cheesy" white substance covering the skin of newborn babies.

The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens. In males, sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis, on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty. This is however normal, not to be confused with an STD.
In females, they appear predominantly in the labia minora.

Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin, acne, and keratosis pilaris. In the skin pores, sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic plug called a "microcomedo" which can block a pore and cause pimples. The prescription medicine isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands, and is used to treat acne.

The extreme use (up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts) of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders, for muscle gain can also cause acne. The sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroid conversion into dihydrotestosterone. This event may cause serious acne on the face, neck, chest, back and shoulders.

A blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous cyst.

A condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia.
Sebaceous gland carcinoma is a very uncommon and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands.

Sebum can also build up around body piercings.

Certain species of Demodex mites feed on sebum and are commonly found in the sebaceous glands of mammals, including those of humans.

The preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones.


Microorganism

A micro-organism or "microbe" is an organism which is microscopic, which means so small that people cannot see them with the naked eye. The study of microorganisms is called microbiology. 

Micro-organisms include bacteria, fungi, archaea, protists and viruses, and are among the earliest known life forms. The first of these four types of micro-organisms may either be free-living or parasitic. Viruses can only be parasitic, since they always reproduce inside other living things. 

Most micro-organisms are unicellular organisms with only one cell, but there are unicellular protists that are visible to the human eye, and some multicellular species are microscopic.

Micro-organisms live almost everywhere on earth where there is liquid water, including hot springs on the ocean floor and deep inside rocks within the earth's crust. Such habitats are lived in by extremophiles.

Micro-organisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems, because they act as decomposers. Because some micro-organisms can also take nitrogen out of the air, they are an important part of the nitrogen cycle. Pathogenic, or harmful, microbes can invade other organisms and cause disease.

Free-living microbes get their energy in many different ways. Some use photosynthesis, like plants do. Some break down natural chemicals in their environment. Others feed on things that were once living, such as fallen leaves and dead animals, causing them to breakdown or decay. Some fungi and bacteria cause food to decay. Moldy bread or fruit, sour milk, and rotten meat are examples of decayed food. In nature, decayed materials mix with soil, providing essential nutrients for plants to use. Without this process, the nutrients in the soil would run out. These types of organisms are called decomposers. They are the natural recyclers of living things on our planet.

Microbes also help us make some of our foods, such as bread, cheese, yogurt, beer, and wine. They feed on the sugar in grain, fruit, or milk, giving these foods a special texture and taste. 

Some microbes, often called germs, cause illness or disease. They are parasites which live by invading living things. Chickenpox, mumps, and measles are all caused by viruses. Some bacteria are also germs. They cause many infectious diseases including tuberculosis and tetanus. Certain bacteria cause tooth decay. It is possible to protect humans against some harmful microbes by storing and preparing food properly, cleaning the teeth, washing hands, and by avoiding close contact with ill people. 

All animals seem to have bacteria and protozoa living in or on them without doing much harm. Sometimes, as with herbivores, the microorganisms are vital to the digestion of food. The human gut has more organisms living inside it than there are cells in the human body.


Amoeba

Amoeba (plural = amoebae) is a well known genus of unicellular organism, a protist. One of its most common species, the Amoeba Proteus, is about 0.2 to 0.3 mm large. The amoeba was first discovered by August Von Rosenhof in 1757. It is a genus of protozoa that moves with "false feet", called pseudopodia.

The amoeba is a member of a whole group of amoeboid eukaryotic protists called Amoebozoa. They are heterotrophs, eating bacteria and other protists.

The pseudopodia (false feet) are extensions of the organism's cell membrane. They are used by the amoeba for phagocytosis (active food/nutrient intake) and motility (self-propelled movement).

Amoebae are often found within freshwater, typically on vegetation in decay in still or slow moving water, or in the benthic zone of some lakes. However, they are common organisms of study because it is easy to keep them in a laboratory. They are used to study sex
"protozoa" and to demonstrate cell structure and function.


Laboratory

A laboratory (lab for short) is a work place where scientific research, experiments, or measurement are done. 

The word "laboratory" is also used for other places where the work done or equipment used are like those in scientific laboratories. These include:

Scientific laboratories can be found in schools and universities, in hospitals, in industry, in government or military facilities, and even aboard ships and spacecraft. 

Last Of The Conquerors

Last of the Conquerors is a 1948 novel by African-American novelist William Gardner Smith. It concerns African-American GI's serving in United States occupied Germany after World War II. The protagonist, Hayes Dawkins, has an affair with Ilse, a white German woman. He and Ilse fight against racist Army officers and policies to sustain a relationship that some white soldiers condemn (although there are also many friendly whites who help them).

"Last of the Conquerors" shows post-Nazi Germany as more racially tolerant than the United States. While this may or may not be correct, Smith's novel gives an opinion of the Marshall Plan claiming that American society should be a model for the world, while African-Americans continued to deal with racism.

The novel begins on a homecoming US troopship, as the Statue of Liberty comes into view, the reaction from the US troops is somber and wary, resigned, but not at all glad to be home from the war. Why? They are "colored" troops. After experiencing life in a society (recently liberated Germany), where racial prejudice was not a big factor, they steel themselves for dealing with a still very divided America. An eyeopening look inside a (now hopefully past) society and its impact on those forced to deal with the unremitting pressure of distrust and hate. A profound reading experience.

Id Software

id Software is an American video game company. They are most famous for their first-person shooter games. They started in 1991.

ID has made many games.



Heretic (video game)

Heretic is a first-person shooter video game made by ID Software for computers. It is like Doom, but it takes place in a fantasy world. The monsters are mostly not human. The player has the ability to look up and down, which they could not do in Doom. The weapons are also fantasy weapons. It uses the same base as Doom and Doom 2. It has two sequels: Hexen and Heretic 2.


Locomotion

In a general sense, locomotion simply means active movement or travel, not only of biological individuals.

Forms of locomotion are walking (and knuckle-walking), running, crawling, climbing, swimming and flying. 

Meerkat

A meerkat ("Suricata suricatta") is a small mammal that lives in the Kalahari Desert in southern Africa. Despite its common name, it is more closely related to the mongoose family than to cats. A group of meerkats is called a "mob" or "gang," and usually all of the meerkats are relatives.

Meerkats live in burrows in the ground. They are active during the day, except when hot during the afternoon sun. They also live in large family groups. The group is led by a female and a male. The meerkats are often all family. They get rid of fleas in each other's fur to become friends, which is called "grooming". Sometimes if a minor member is in trouble with the leader it will groom the leader to try and calm them down.

The meerkats help each other. When the family is eating or playing together, one meerkat acts as a sentry, and looks out for predators. If he or she sees one, then he gives a chirp and the group runs to a burrow to be safe. Also, when pups are looking for food, adults bring them food and teach them how to eat it. 

Before pups start looking for food with the group, they are babysat by older members at the burrow to protect them from danger. Sometimes a female who never gave birth will produce milk for the pups.

Meerkats can share their burrows with many different animals, such as other mongooses and sometimes squirrels who live on the ground. Sometimes even a snake will share the burrow with a meerkat. 

Despite the family bond of meerkats, sometimes a female might kill another female's pups. The leader might also kick out some females from the group. Males sometimes leave the group for a short time to look for females in other groups to mate with.

Meerkats have many different chirps that they use for different reasons. They have a different chirp for being friends, anger, and for warning of an animal that will eat them.

Meerkats eat mostly insects, but they also eat lizards, snakes, spiders, birds, plants, eggs and other small mammals.) Like all members of the mongoose family, meerkats cannot be hurt by some venoms, and they eat scorpions (including the stinger) and some snakes, without fear of illness, poison or death. They have no extra body fat, so they must look for food every day and eat food every day.

When the meerkat group is eating, a guard will stand up and look for any animals that might eat its family. If the guard sees an animal, it gives a loud chirp, and the family will run to a hole to be safe. Many animals eat meerkats. Most eagles, hawks, and falcons will eat them. Baby meerkats, called "pups," are sometimes also eaten by snakes. Jackals and other big animals that eat meat will sometimes eat meerkats.

When pups are looking for food, they will cry loudly, and an adult will come and feed them. At first, the adult gives the pup a dead animal, then, when the pup is older, the adult will bring a live animal but will hurt it so the pup can kill it easier. Then the adults start bringing live animals that are healthy, and when the pup gets the hang of eating these, the adults stop bringing food.

The meerkat weighs about one and a half pounds, and the meerkat is ten to fourteen inches long. The meerkat uses its tail to balance because it stands up on its back legs to look for predators. Around the eyes are black patches that lessen the bright light that comes into them. Meerkats have long claws that help them dig and fight. The back of the meerkat is furry, and it has stripes to help it not be seen by predators. The front side is black and has no fur because it needs to get warm in the morning to be ready for the day.
Meerkats also have ears that can open and close. They close in order to keep sand out when they are burrowing.

The meerkat is old enough to have children at one year. Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time. Four is the most common. Meerkats can give birth at any time of the year but like to give birth in spring and summer because there is more food. Female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year. When the babies are born they are pink and have no hair. Their eyes and ears are closed. When they are three weeks old, the mother allows them to get out of the burrow. By this time their eyes and ears have opened and they have light brown fur. The babies cannot be left alone so one of the other meerkats besides the mother stays behind to watch them.

After the mother mates with the father, the babies develop for eleven weeks. Then she gives birth in a burrow. She feeds the babies milk until they start looking for food with the rest of the group, which is when they turn one month old. 

The leader of the group is a girl, and her mate is the male leader. This pair does not allow other minor members of their family to have babies. If a female does, then the leader kicks her out, and sometimes the leader kills her grandchildren. Most of the meerkats in a group are either the leader's brothers and sisters or children. 

New meerkat groups form when a female is kicked out and she teams up with a male and starts a new family.



Ferrara

Ferrara is a city in Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy. About 130,000 people live in Ferrara. The city was owned by the Este family during medieval times. The current mayor is Tiziano Tagliani.


Modena

Modena is a city in Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy. About 190,000 people live in Modena. It is the city of engines since the factories of the famous Italian sports car makers Ferrari, De Tomaso, Lamborghini, Pagani, and Maserati.

Worms (1995 video game)

Worms is a video game where the player controls little cartoon worms who fight with weapons. There are many games in this series. It has guns and other weapons, but is not very violent because it is all cartoons. 


Diablo (video game)

Diablo is a fantasy role playing computer game. It was created by Blizzard Entertainment in 1997. It has magic spells and demons in it. You can be 3 different characters. It was a very popular game. Sequels of the game, Diablo II and III, were made.

Diablo IV, which is not yet ready, might come out in 2022. Diablo Immortal, which is also not yet ready, is designed to be played with touchscreen. At the 2018 conference, the presenter asked the following rhetorical question,


Therizinosaurus

Therizinosaurus was a huge herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the end of the Cretaceous period. 

New, well-preserved finds such as "Alxasaurus" in 1993 and "Beipiaosaurus" in 1996 provided details about the bird-like pelvis, feet and skulls of primitive members. This helped confirm they belonged to the same group of theropod dinosaurs as "Therizinosaurus" and that therizinosaurs were, more specifically, advanced, herbivorous maniraptoran theropods.

Their fossils were first found in the late 1940s in Asia. They were named in 1954 after more bones were found. It was a thought to be a carnivore and herbivore; it had very long claws - they were about long.

The feeding habits of "Therizinosaurus" are unknown, since no skull material has ever been found that could indicate its diet. However, like other therizinosaurs, it was probably primarily herbivorous. 

There are multiple possible functions that could have been served by the claws of "Therizinosaurus", such as defense against predators (e.g. the contemporary "Tarbosaurus") and in intraspecific fighting, such as fighting for territory or for mating, or to pull leafy tree branches towards its mouth. The claws may have served all these functions.

Therizinosaur

Therizinosaurs (or segnosaurs) are a clade of theropod dinosaurs which appear to be herbivorous. 

Therizinosaur fossils have been found in Cretaceous deposits in Mongolia, the People's Republic of China and Western North America. Various features of the forelimbs, skull and pelvis show they are theropods and maniraptorans, close relatives to birds.

Early finds were incomplete, and showed strange anatomy with features typical of theropods, prosauropods and ornithischians. This led some scientists to think that segnosaurs were a late-surviving suborder of primitive dinosaurs. 

It was not until the mid-1990s, that their true identity as herbivorous descendants of the carnivorous theropods became generally accepted. "Alxasaurus" was discovered, and had more typical theropod features; and "Therizinosaurus" was recognized as a member of the segnosaur group. 

The connection between the therizinosaurids and other theropods was made clear when primitive members of the group, such as "Beipiaosaurus" (1999) and "Falcarius" (2005) were discovered. The scientists who described "Falcarius" noted that it seemed to represent an intermediate stage between carnivorous and herbivorous theropods, a sort of "missing link" between predatory maniraptorans and plant-eating therizinosaurs. 

Although they are now classified as theropods, therizinosaurs had skulls similar to those of sauropods and the shape of their teeth and jaws do make it likely that they were herbivores.

Prune

Prunes are dried plums. They look like very large raisins, but they are in the genus "Prunus".

Most prunes come from California. Prunes can be wrapped in bacon, eaten on their own, or mixed with cereal.

Aamras

Aamras is the pulp of mangos that is usually eaten in India.


Hexen

Hexen is a first person shooter video game. It is a sequel to the computer game Heretic, created by ID Software and Raven Software. The player can choose to play as a fighter, a cleric (knight), or a mage (wizard). Each character can use 4 different weapons. The monsters are like the monsters in Heretic, but there are a few new ones. This game uses a better design and plays much better than Heretic. In "Hexen", doors can open forward instead of just going up, you can jump, glass can break when you shoot it, and monsters can make things happen when they die, like making an item. There is also more of a story in "Hexen".

Ratchet &amp; Clank (series)

Ratchet & Clank is a series of video games. As of 2013, there are 13 separate video games. In addition to the games, the characters are featured as action figures, in a manga, comic series and as cameo appearances in several other video games. An animated film has been announced for release in 2015. 

The main characters of the series are Ratchet and Clank. Ratchet is a lombax, a type of alien made up for the game. Clank is his robot friend. They travel in space ships through the universe on many adventures. In each game, Ratchet and Clank must work together to fight evil or bring cruel rulers to justice. The series is noted for using unique and extreme weapons and devices. Because of the popularity, the developer Insomniac Games added this feature to its other video games.

"Ratchet and Clank" was released on November 4, 2002 in North America.



Diablo II

Diablo II is a fantasy action role-playing computer game. The game was created by Blizzard Entertainment. It sold more than 1 million copies in the first two weeks after its release. It has sold over 15 million copies worldwide. The developer is remaking the game, with graphical improvements et cetera, known as Diablo 2: Resurrected .

The game is divided into 4 acts. Each act is one part of the story. There are up to six quests in each act that must be completed before the player can go to the next act. The last quest is always the one where the player has to beat a boss. The bosses for each act are:


Quests are parts of the story where the player has to complete certain tasks in order to continue on with the game.

The game has five different types (or classes) of characters to chose from. Each character has a set skill tree, which is listed below.

To increase a characters level in "Diablo II", the player must run the character around killing the monsters that appear in the different areas. Once a monster is defeated, it sometimes drops items or coins. When a monster is killed, it will not come back until the game is saved and started again. Each character has a certain amount of experience that they needs to gain before they can become the next level. This number depends upon what level the character is. The higher the level, the more experience is needed to level.

Characters gain bonuses when they level:

"Diablo II: Lord of Destruction" Expansion



Edward the Martyr

Edward the Martyr (16 February 962 — 18 March 978) known in the Catholic Church, Church of England, Eastern Orthodox Church, and Anglican Communion as Saint Edward the Passion-Bearer and nicknamed the Saint, the Religious, the Pious, and the Wise was the King of England from 975 until he was murdered in 978. He was a very successful king.

During his reign, there were disputes between Edward and his younger half-brother, Athelred as the supports of Athelred thought that the king was illegitimate. Despite this however, Edward helped the country. He was generous to the poor and was very religious and pious. Edward loved peace was a very close to God. In 978, while riding a horse, Edward was given a glass of water by Ælfthryth, the mother of Athelred. After he drinked it, he was stabbed by one of Athelred's supporters. Athelred, then only ten years old became king.

Because of how great, pious and religious Edward was, he was canonized by Pope Benedict VII on 3 July 978, four months after he was stabbed. His tomb is in Brookwood Cemetery and he is seen by historians as a great, pious and religious king. Edward was the first out of the five English monarchs to be canonized as a saint.

Edward's stepmother, Queen Elfrida was against his accession to the throne as she wished her son, Ethelred, to become king instead. However, Edward was supported by more people - including St Dunstan - and was confirmed by the Witan.

King Edward was said to be "a young man of great devotion and excellent conduct. He was completely Orthodox, good and of holy life. Moreover, he loved above all things God and the Church. He was generous to the poor, a haven to the good, a champion of the Faith of Christ, a vessel full of every virtuous grace."

On King Edward's accession to the throne, there was a great famine in the land and violent attacks were stirred up against monasteries by a prominent noblemen who wanted the lands which his father King Edgar had endowed to them. Many of these monasteries were destroyed, and the monks forced to flee. However, the King stood firm together with archbishop Dunstan to defend the Church and the monasteries. For this, some of the nobles decided to remove him and replace him with his younger brother Ethelred.

On March 18 978, the king was hunting with dogs and horsemen near Wareham in Dorset. Then he decided to visit his young brother Ethelred who was being brought up in the house of his mother Elfrida at Corfe Castle, near Wareham. He arrived alone at the castle. When still on his horse Elfrida offered Edward a glass of mead, and when he was drinking it, he was stabbed in the back by one of the queen's party. Ethelred himself was then only ten years old, so was not responsible for the murder. An other tale comes from Henry of Huntingdon who tells that Elfrida herself committed the murder:

"Edward was treasonably slain by his own family... it is reported that his stepmother, that is the mother of King Ethelred, stabbed him with a dagger while she was in the act of offering him a cup to drink."

The story of the relics of St Edward began at the moment of his death (martyrdom). Immediately following the murder, the body of the murdered king slipped from the saddle of his horse and was dragged with one foot in the stirrup until it fell into a stream at the base of the hill upon which Corfe Castle stands (From that time people thought that the stream had healing properties - particularly for the blind). The queen then ordered that the body be quickly hidden in a hut nearby. Within the hut however, there lived a woman blind from birth whom the queen supported out of charity. During the night, a wonderful light appeared and filled the whole hut and struck with awe, the woman cried out: "Lord, have mercy!" and suddenly received her sight. At this she discovered the dead body of the king. The church of St. Edward at Corfe Castle now stands on the site of this miracle. At dawn the queen learned of the miracle and was troubled and again ordered the disposal of the body, this time by burying it in a marshy place near Wareham. But a year after the murder a column of fire was seen over the place where the body was hidden, lighting up the whole area. This was seen by some of the inhabitants of Wareham, who raised the body. Immediately a clear spring of healing water sprang up in that place. Accompanied by what was now a huge crowd of mourners, the body was taken to the church of the Most Holy Mother of God in Wareham and buried at the east end of the church. This took place on February 13 980.

Because of a series of following miracles, the relics were brought to the abbey at Shaftesbury. When the relics were taken up from the grave, they were found to be whole and not destroyed. The transport of the relics was done in a great procession on February 13 981 and arrived at Shaftesbury seven days later. There the relics were received by the nuns of Shaftesbury Abbey and were buried with full royal honours on the north side of the altar. On the way from Wareham to Shaftesbury, a further miracle had also taken place; two crippled men were brought close to the bier and those carrying it lowered the body to their level, and the cripples regained full health at once. (This procession and these events were re-enacted 1000 years later in 1981). In 1001, the tomb in which the saint lay was said regularly to rise from the ground. King Ethelred was filled with joy at this and instructed the bishops to raise his brother's tomb from the ground and place it into a more fitting place. As the tomb was opened a wonderful fragrance issued from it - such that all present "thought that they were standing in Paradise". The bishops then took away the sacred relics from the tomb, and placed them in a casket in the holy place of the Saints together with other holy relics. This elevation of the relics of St. Edward took place on June 20 1001.

St. Edward was officially glorified by the All-English Council of 1008, presided over by St. Alphege, archbishop of Canterbury (who was later also martyred by the Danes in 1012). King Ethelred ordered that the saint's three feast days (March 18, February 13, and June 20) should be celebrated throughout England. Shaftesbury Abbey was rededicated to the Mother of God and St. Edward. Shaftesbury was apparently renamed "Edwardstowe", only reverting to its original name after the Reformation. Many miracles were recorded at the tomb of St. Edward, including the healing of lepers and the blind.

During the sixteenth century, under King Henry VIII, monasteries were dissolved and many holy places were demolished, but St. Edward's remains were hidden so as to avoid desecration. In 1931, the relics were recovered by Mr. Wilson-Claridge during an archaeological excavation; their identity was confirmed by Dr. T.E.A. Stowell, an osteologist. In 1970, tests performed on the relics suggested that the young man had been knifed in the back whilst riding his horse and had then been dragged along the ground by the terrified animal with his foot caught in a stirrup. In about 1982, Mr. Wilson-Claridge donated the relics to the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia, which placed them in a church in Brookwood Cemetery, in Woking, Surrey. The St. Edward Brotherhood of monks was organized there as well. The church is now named St Edward the Martyr Orthodox Church. Orthodox Christians recognize Edward and other Westerners whose sainthood was declared before the formal split between Orthodox and Catholics in the 11th century.


Angel (1999 TV series)

Angel is a spin-off from the American television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". "Angel" has a darker feel than "Buffy", and at times did better in the U.S. Nielsen Ratings than "Buffy". The series was created by "Buffy"'s creator Joss Whedon along with David Greenwalt. It first aired in October of 1999. Like "Buffy", it was produced by Whedon's production company, Mutant Enemy.

The series tells the story of the vampire Angel. Angel had his soul returned to him as punishment for killing a gypsy girl. This made him tormented by all the bad things he had done. During the first four seasons of the show, he works as a private detective in a fiction version of Los Angeles, California. There, he and a variety of others work to "help the helpless" and "save the souls" of those who had lost their way. This usually meant fighting evil demons or humans that worked with demons (the law firm Wolfram and Hart). He also had to fight his own violent nature. (Not all "demons" in the "Angel" universe are evil beings.) The fifth season saw Angel taking over as the person in charge of the evil law firm Wolfram and Hart. This was done to try to fight evil from the inside.

Several years before the "Angel" first showed on television, writer Joss Whedon created the idea behind "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" to change the Hollywood formula of "the little blonde girl who goes into a dark alley and gets killed in every horror movie." Whedon was not happy with the way that the "Buffy" idea was first done in the 1992 movie, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". He was given the chance to do the story better with the television series of the same name. The early years of the series were about the life of Buffy Summers, a high-school aged vampire slayer, and her group of friends in Sunnydale (a fictional small town in California). The supernatural parts in the series took the place of the real problems that are a part of adolescence and young adulthood. The character Angel was first seen in the first episode. He became a regular cast member during the second/third seasons. In the fictional universe created by "Buffy" (the Buffyverse), Angel was born in 18th century Ireland. After being turned into a soulless immortal vampire, he became very well known for the evil things he did. Over 100 years later, Angel killed a gypsy girl. Her family punished him by returning his soul. He felt a very large amount of guilt for what he had done over all those years. Angel eventually began on a path of redemption. He hoped that he might make up for his past by doing good deeds. In the "Buffy" third season final episode, Angel leaves Sunnydale for Los Angeles to continue his path of redemption without Buffy. Whedon believed that "Angel was the one character who was bigger than life in the same way that Buffy was, a kind of superhero."

While the main idea behind "Buffy" was "High school as a horror movie" in small-town America, Greenwalt and Whedon wanted to make "Angel" into a different "gritty, urban show".

Joss Whedon and David Greenwalt created a short video, often called the "Unaired Angel pilot" for the WB Network. The idea for the series was a new version of the old detective genre.

On Valentine's Day, 2004, the WB Network said that "Angel" would not be brought back for a sixth season. Joss Whedon posted a message on a popular fan site, The Bronze: Beta, in which he showed his surprise. He said he was "heartbroken". Fans created letter-writing campaigns and online petitions. They tried to get other networks, UPN mainly (the network that picked up "Buffy"), to pick up the show.

"Angel"'s final episode, "Not Fade Away", aired on the WB May 19, 2004.



Corfe Castle

Corfe Castle is a small village and ruined castle dating back to the 11th century. It is in a gap in the Purbeck Hills, south of Wareham, in Dorset, England. 

The oldest surviving structure on the castle site dates to the 11th century, although there are good reasons to suppose that there was a stronghold there before the Norman Conquest. Edward the Martyr was killed at the site on March 18, 978.

The castle was besieged in the English Civil War. After it was captured it was partly demolished (slighted).


Stirrup

The stirrup is a ring with a flat bottom fixed on a leather strap, usually hung from each side of a saddle to create a footrest for the rider on a riding animal (usually a horse or a mule), suspended by an adjustable strap from the saddle for use as a support for the foot of a rider of a horse when seated in the saddle and as an aid in getting up.

Château-d'Œx

Château-d'Œx is a commune in Vaud canton Switzerland. The other members of its canton have birds in their flags.

John Major

Sir John Major (born 29 March 1943) is a British politician who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1990 to 1997. He served as a member of the Cabinet under Margaret Thatcher as Chief Secretary to the Treasury (1987–1989), Foreign Secretary (1989) and Chancellor of the Exchequer (1989–1990).

Major was born at St Helier Hospital and Queen Mary's Hospital for Children in St Helier, London, in England and left school at the age of 16. He became a Conservative councillor in 1968. At the 1979 general election, Major was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Huntingdonshire (Huntingdon after 1983).

After holding several cabinet positions, Major was elected to replace Margaret Thatcher as Prime Minister and party leader. On taking office, he saw British action in the Gulf War (1991) and his party's narrow re-election in the 1992 general election. 

After this, the Conservatives under Major became unpopular because of the "Black Wednesday" stock market crash in late 1992 and how they became divided over the issue of European Union. Beaten at the 1997 general election, Major stood down as Prime Minister for Tony Blair of the Labour Party, and was replaced as Conservative leader by William Hague. He stood down as an MP at the 2001 general election.

Major married Norma Johnson (now (Dame) Norma Major ) on 3 October 1970. She was a teacher, and a member of the Young Conservatives. They became engaged after only ten days. They have two children; a son, James, and a daughter, Elizabeth. They have a holiday home on the coast of north Norfolk, near Weybourne.

He is a keen follower of cricket, motor racing, and also a supporter of Chelsea Football Club.

Major has so far declined a life peerage on standing down from Parliament.


Canon (music)

A canon is a piece of voices (or instrumental parts) that sing or play the same music starting at different times. A round is a type of canon, but in a round each voice, when it finishes, can start at the beginning again so that the piece can go “round and round”. Perhaps the most well-known canon is the Pachelbel Canon written by Johann Pachelbel.

There are different kinds of canon. Canons can be described according to distances between the entries of the voices. If the second voice starts one bar (one measure) after the first voice, this is called a “canon at the bar”. If it starts after only half a bar, it is called a “canon at the half-bar”. It is even possible to have very close canons, e.g. “canon at the quaver (eighth note)”. Olivier Messiaen wrote a 3 part canon at the quaver in his ""' for violin and piano. The pianist’s right hand (playing chords), his left hand and the violinist are the three parts.

Canons can also be described according to the intervals between two voices. If one voice starts on a C and the next voice starts the same tune on an F above this is a “canon at the fourth” (because the interval (distance) from C to F is called a “perfect fourth”). If the second voice has the tune upside down (inversion) this is called “canon in inversion”. If the second voice has the tune at half the speed (each note being twice as long) this is a “canon in augmentation” or an “augmented canon”. The opposite is a “canon in diminution”.

“Strict canon” means a canon where each voice imitates the first voice exactly all the way through the piece. If this does not happen (i.e. if it starts off as a canon but then becomes freer) it is “free canon”. A canon may start off sounding like a fugue, but fugues have their own form and rules.

Canons were already popular in the 14th century when composers enjoyed writing music for several voices in which each voice has a share of melody (this is called polyphonic music.) Composers like Guillaume de Machaut wrote canonic music. His "Sanz cuer m’en vois" is a three-part canon in which each part has different words.

Probably the greatest writer of canons in the eighteenth century was Johann Sebastian Bach. Many of his organ works have canons. He wrote a famous set of "Canonic Variations on "Vom Himmel hoch da komm' ich her"" which have several canons at different intervals and inversions. He probably wrote this to show young composers how to write good canons. Bach also wrote a work called the "Musical Offering" which has what he calls a “canon per augmentationem contrario motu” (canon in augmentation and contrary motion i.e. backwards) as well as a “canon per tonos”. This last one is a modulating canon which means that the tune changes key. This is hard to compose well so that it sounds good because when the first voice has just changed key the other one is still catching up in the other key.

Bach was a great master at writing canons and other very complicated musical forms. After 1750 composers became less interested in writing music which was all polyphonic, although many composers still showed an interest in counterpoint. Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven all wrote canons and even Romantic composers like Schumann and Brahms showed an interest. César Franck wrote a canon for the fourth movement of his Sonata for Violin and Piano. It is quite easy to hear this canon, because the violin plays the tune an octave higher than the piano, and the piano holds on to a long note every other bar while the violin catches up.

In the 20th century composers such as Schoenberg who wrote serial music were fond of canons. Modern composers like Pierre Boulez have written rhythmic canons: canons in which, for example, the rhythm of one part is the retrograde (backwards) version of another.


Spencer Perceval

Spencer Perceval (1 November 1762 – 11 May 1812) was a British statesman and Prime Minister. He is the only British Prime Minister to have been assassinated.

Perceval was the seventh son of John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont by his second wife. His father, a close friend of Frederick, Prince of Wales and King George III, had served in the Cabinet as First Lord of the Admiralty. 

Perceval was Prime Minister when William Wilberforce passed his Bill (law) ending the slave trade. 

The Orders in Council against trade which Perceval had written in 1807 became unpopular. In the winter of 1811 the Luddite riots started. They were also a cause of the War of 1812 with the United States of America. Perceval was forced to have an inquiry by the House of Commons. 

On 11 May 1812, Perceval was on his way to attend the inquiry. In the lobby of the House of Commons he was shot through the heart by John Bellingham. Perceval's body lay in 10 Downing Street for five days before burial. Bellingham gave himself up immediately. Tried for murder, he was found guilty and hanged a week later. 

Bellingham had a grievance, but it was not political. Bellingham petitioned the United Kingdom government for compensation over his imprisonment in Russia. This had been caused by his employer, but Bellingham blamed the British government for not getting him compensation.

Perceval was an Anglican and considered Anglicanism to be essential to the security of the state. He opposed Catholic emancipation. He is buried at St Luke's Church in Charlton, south-east London.

Canon

The word canon may mean:

Carl Linnaeus

Carl Linnaeus (23 May 1707 – 10 January 1778), also known as Carolus Linnaeus, was a Swedish botanist, physician and zoologist who created Croydon the binomial nomenclature. In this system, every kind of animal and plant is given a name consisting of two Latin words, for its genus and species. This became used by biologists all over the world, so he is known as the "father of modern taxonomy". He was a good linguist, and famous in his time. He was made a noble by the Swedish king.

Carl was born in Sweden. He was going to be a priest like his father, but did not do well enough in school for that. Instead, Carl studied at a college for botany because he liked it. He studied in Lund and tried to improve the garden there. He later went to another Croydon college.

In 1735, Linnaeus moved to the Netherlands for three years. There, he earned his degree in medicine. He also published his book on plant classification. His book was called Systema Naturæ. His book explained how to classify living things by putting them into groups. Some of these groups are bigger than others.

Later he moved to Stockholm and practiced as a doctor. In 1739, Linnaeus married Sara Morea in Stockholm. Throughout the 1740s he conducted many field trips to places in Sweden to name plants and animals. When not on travels, Linnaeus worked on his classification, so it would work for plants, animals, and minerals.

The Swedish king Adolf Fredrik made Linnaeus a noble in 1757, and Linnaeus took the last name "von Linné", later often signing just "Carl Linné".

After he was made a noble, he continued teaching and writing. His reputation had spread over the world, and he talked with many different people. Linnaeus was upset by weak health, and he had gout and tooth aches. A stroke in 1774 weakened him, and two years later he had another, losing the use of his right side. He died in January 1778 and was buried in Uppsala cathedral.

Linnaeus classified man as among the primates, which was claimed by anthropologists like Blumenbach and natural historians like Buffon. It attracted the criticism of the Swedish church. The Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala accused him of "impiety".croydon

Linnaeus recognised four races in the human species. These were European whites, American reds (Native Americans), Asian browns, and African blacks. Blumenbach's classification was similar, with the addition of a Mongolian (= Chinese) or yellow race. Thus recognition of man's position as a primate and the existence of races was quite widespread before the theory of evolution was formulated.



Botanist

A botanist is a scientist who studies plants, including flowering plants, and plant-like things such as moss and seaweed. Botany is a scientific study of plants along with their growth, structure, evolution, and uses. 

Botanists may specialize in certain areas of botany. Some important areas of study include: 

Modulation (music)

Modulation, in music, means that the music changes key. A piece of music might, for example, be "in the key of C major" (meaning that it uses the notes of a C major scale, and the C sounds like the "home key" or "tonic" as it is called in music theory). Then it could modulate to G major so that the G now feels like the home key and the notes of a G major scale are used (the Fs will be F sharps).

Modulations like the one above are very common, because G is closely related to C (it is the 5th note in a C major scale: the "dominant"). A modulation to the subdominant (4th note of the scale) is also common (e.g. from C major to Fmajor). Music often modulates to the relative minor (e.g. C major to A minor).

A modulation that goes to a key whose tonic is not part of the original key is called a "chromatic modulation". Modulating from C major to A flat major would be a chromatic modulation because A flat is not a note in the C major scale.

Most pieces of music will modulate, especially if they are long pieces. It gives the music variety and helps to give it shape: the farther away from the tonic it goes the more tension there is. When the music eventually returns to the original key it feels like a homecoming. 


Member of Parliament (United Kingdom and Canada)

A member of parliament (usually shortened to MP) is a person in the United Kingdom or in Canada who represents the people of an area (called a "constituency") in the House of Commons. They are voted for by the people in a general election. The Prime Minister chooses when to hold a general election, but must have an election at least once every five years. MPs are usually members of a group called a political party. 

In the UK, the main political parties are:

In Canada, the main political parties are:

Members of provincial legislatures in Canada are sometimes referred to as member of provincial parliament (MPP) and other times member of legislative assembly (MLA).

Relative key

When a piece of music is in a major key, the relative minor means the minor key which has the same key signature. It can be found by taking the sixth note of the first scale and playing a minor scale starting on that note. For example: in C major the sixth note is an A. Therefore, A minor is the relative minor of C major (C major and A minor share the same key signature: no sharps or flats).
C major is called the relative major of A minor.

A complete list of relative minor/major pairs in order of the circle of fifths is:


Electrolysis

Electrolysis is a scientific way of 'splitting' substances. It means 'electric-splitting' and involves the separation of substances through an electric current. 

Metals above carbon in the reactivity series (potassium, sodium, lithium, calcium, magnesium and aluminium) are extracted by electrolysis.

Electrolysis is used in the mining industry to split reactive metals from their ores after they are taken from the ground. Electroplating is also used to plate (cover) things with metal because it costs less than using, for example, solid gold to make jewellery.

Many beauty shops use electrolysis or electrology to remove hair. This is done by "electrocuting" the hair so it splits along its root.

Electrolysis makes the anions (negative ions) go to the anode (positive electrode) and the cations (positive ions) go to the cathode (negative electrode). So, for example, oxygen would go to the anode and iron would go to the cathode.

Jurassic

The Jurassic is the second and middle geological period in the Mesozoic era and the eighth period in the Phanerozoic eon. 

It began 201.3 million years ago, and ended 145 million years ago. The Jurassic period happened between the Triassic and Cretaceous periods.

During the Jurassic period, the climate was hotter and wetter than it is today. Carbon dioxide levels and sea levels were also higher than today. 

The Kimmeridge Clay of the Upper Jurassic was laid down in an environment which does not exist on the earth today. Much of Western Europe was covered by a high sea level. The supercontinent Pangaea was beginning to break up, causing a narrow Atlantic Ocean. Because of this, the United Kingdom was covered by a shallow and largely anoxic sea, perhaps less than 100 metres deep, with occasional landmasses. 

This was shallower water than the Blue Lias of the Lower Jurassic. It was often low in oxygen, which caused its organic material to decompose, but only partially. The Jurassic's mudstones are organic-rich, and gave rise to most of the North Sea oil.

The Jurassic started with all the continents together, 201.3 million years ago (mya). This was the global supercontinent Pangaea. It ended about 145 mya. The boundary with the following Cretaceous period is not marked by any clear signs.
This is the only boundary between geological periods which has no clear markers.

The Jurassic happened in two parts. The first was marked by widespread oceanic anoxia, ocean acidification, and relatively high temperatures. This was likely caused by the eruptions in what we now call South Africa. Already, Pangaea was beginning to break up. From now on it was Laurasia to the north, and Gondwana to the south. The break-up of Pangaea took a long time to complete. The process of pulling apart in geology is called rifting. Floods of lava flowed from fissures (splits) and volcanos. 

By the end of the Jurassic, South America had begun to part from Africa. In the western part of North America, mountain ranges began to form. This continued as the American tectonic plates gradually moved west. The westward-moving North American plates gradually rode over the Pacific Ocean plates to form the Rocky Mountains.

On sea and land, evolutionary trends which started in the Upper Triassic continued through the Jurassic. Archosaurian reptiles dominated the land biota. Reptile groups radiated and filled many niches. Dinosaurs, pterosaurs, marine reptiles (ichthyosaurs, plesiosaurs, turtles) all flourished. A recent discovery has shown that pliosaurs (a clade of large plesiosaurs) may have been top predators in the Upper Jurassic.

Amongst invertebrates, there was much change. Modern predators like starfish, crabs, and hole-boring gastropods took over the sea floor, eating the benthic fauna in huge numbers. Brachiopods gradually lost their grip on the in-shore habitats; molluscan bivalves took their place. 

Early mammals existed, but mostly as small nocturnal creatures on the margins of the reptilian world. The first fossils of small dinosaurs with feathers, such as "Anchiornis," come from the Jurassic period. The famous fossil bird, "Archaeopteryx", lived in the Upper Jurassic, though we now know it was not the ancestor of modern birds.

In the last 20 million years of the Cretaceous period (Turonian–Maastrichtian ages), with the extinction of the ichthyosaurs and pliosaurs, mosasaurs became the dominant marine predators.

The dominant land plants were the ferns (especially tree ferns), gymnosperms (conifers), large horsetails, 'monkey puzzle' trees, ginkgos and cycads. The coalfields laid down in the first part of the Jurassic were formed mainly from tree ferns, which grew thickly. They were for a time the most common plant type.

Ginkgoales, of which the only living species is "Ginkgo biloba", were more diverse during the Jurassic. These plants were not easy to digest, compared to modern flowering plants (Angiosperms). They must have spent longer in the gut than the food of modern herbivores. That would make increased size an advantage for ankylosaurs and sauropods. Sauropods did indeed become much larger in the Jurassic than any animal land life had before.

The Jurassic is the second period notable for large coal seams (the first being the Upper Carboniferous). Once again, plants which grew and died in stagnant water did not decompose well, and formed coal as a result. The coalfields laid down in the first part of the Jurassic were formed mainly from tree ferns, which grew thickly. They were for a time the most common plant type.


Triassic

The Triassic is the first geological period in the Mesozoic era and the seventh period of the Phanerozoic eon. It lasted 50.6 million years. The period began 251.9 million years ago, and ended 201.3 million years ago. Its start and finish were both notable extinction events.

The period before the Triassic was the Permian period, the last period in the Palaeozoic era. The Jurassic period came after the Triassic.

Many new groups arose during the Triassic period, including the first dinosaurs, the first mammals, the first pterodactyls, the first ichthyosaurs and the first plesiosaurs.

Great extinction events happened at the beginning and end of the Triassic period. The Triassic began after the great extinction at the end of the Palaeozoic era, the Permian/Triassic extinction event. 

Nobody really knows the exact cause of the Permian/Triassic extinction, and experts have different theories.

The Triassic had several more extinction events, whose causes are also unknown. The most significant of these took place at the end of the Triassic, which was one of the 'big five' Phanerozoic marine extinctions.

The name 'Triassic' comes from the three rock strata that formed during the Triassic period ("tri" means "three"). Three layers of rock strata formed during this period:

On average, the Triassic's climate was very different from today's:

During the Triassic period, there were no separate continents as there are today. Almost all the Earth's land mass was together in a single supercontinent called Pangaea ("all the land"). Pangaea was centred more or less on the equator. and surrounded by the superocean Panthalassa. Later the Tethys Ocean developed.

The supercontinent Pangaea was rifting during the Triassic – especially late in the period – but had not yet separated again into different continents. In contrast to the present Earth with its distribution of continents, Pangaea was centred on the Equator. Probably, apart from some volcanic island chains, there was an unbroken sea stretching round the world: the "Panthalassa". 

Being a super-continental land mass, Pangaea had a limited shoreline. Because of this, Triassic marine deposits fossils from Triassic ocean life are rare in most of the world. In North America, for example, marine deposits are limited to a few exposures in the west. However, they are common in Western Europe, where the Triassic was first studied.

The first part of the Triassic had much less variety than the Permian, and showed signs of a deteriorated environment. This situation lasted for about five million years, then steadily improved. Into the vacant ecological niches, new forms evolved, replacing old with new. This rapid adaptive radiation happened to the reptiles on land, the fish in the seas, and a number of other groups, like the insects. Communities with complex ecology took 30 million years to re-establish.

New groups of ferns and seed plants were a feature of the Triassic. 

The group of bony fish known as the teleosts first appeared during the Triassic period. The group now includes over 80% of all fish and 95% of all bony fish. The only other common group of fish are the Chondrichthyes (the sharks and rays). The rays also first appeared during the Triassic.

Many reptile groups first appeared during the Triassic period, possibly because so many niches were vacant at the time. Some of these new groups died out in the End–Triassic extinction event, but those that survived ruled the Earth for the rest of the Mesozoic. Examples include:

This was a major change, because in the middle Triassic period, the Synapsids (mammals' ancestors) were still dominant.

Many reptile groups became extinct during the Triassic, including:

Also, amongst the Synapsids (which used to be called mammal-like reptiles), the Dicynodonts died out during the end-Triassic extinction.

The Triassic was a period of great change in tetrapods: many new and important groups appeared, but many others became extinct. Of all the periods in the Mesozoic era, there are the least number of fossils from the Triassic period. This makes it difficult for scientists to explain these events.


Chromatic

A chromatic scale, also known as a dodecatonic scale, is a musical scale which uses every note as it goes up or down i.e. it goes up and down in semitones (half tones). To play a chromatic scale on the piano every note is played: both white and black notes (e.g. C, C sharp, D, D sharp, E, F etc.). A chromatic scale can start on any note.

The word “chromatic” comes from the Greek word “chromos” meaning “color”. Organists in the 16th and 17th centuries such as Sweelinck liked to write “Chromatic Fantasias”. These were pieces based on tunes which were chromatic. In those days, because of the tuning systems used, not all the semitones were exactly the same size. Going up a chromatic scale would have been like walking up a staircase with steps which were slightly larger or smaller in depth. This made chromatic scales very interesting and “colourful” which is why they were called “chromatic”.

Chromatic harmony means harmony (chords) that use notes which do not belong to the key the music is in (they are not in the key signature). Although Bach in the 18th century used chromatic harmony, it was 19th century composers who used it more and more. Wagner wrote music which was very chromatic: there were lots of sharps and flats and it kept modulating to different key areas. The chord at the beginning of his opera "Tristan and Isolde" is so famous that it is known as the "Tristan chord". It is very chromatic. The music is full of tension because it leaves us wondering which key the music is in.

<score>
\new PianoStaff {
</score>


Nelson Rockefeller

Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (July 8, 1908 – January 26, 1979) was an American politician and businessman. A liberal Republican, he was the 41st vice president of the United States from December 1974 to January 1977. Before becoming Vice President, he was the 49th governor of New York from 1959 to 1973, and served as assistant secretary of State for American Republic Affairs, as well as under secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.

Before entering politics, he was a businessman. As a businessman, Rockefeller was president and later chair of Rockefeller Center, Inc., and he formed the International Basic Economy Corporation in 1947. He served as trustee, treasurer, and president of the Museum of Modern Art, and founded the Museum of Primitive Art in 1954.

A grandson of billionaire John D. Rockefeller and a member of the wealthy Rockefeller family, he was an art collector and served as administrator of the Rockefeller Center in Manhattan, New York City. He was from one of the richest and most powerful families in the United States.

He tried three times to gain his party's nomination for the United States presidency but lost to the slightly more conservative Vice President and future President Richard Nixon in 1960 and 1968 and conservative Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona in 1964. He refused to support Goldwater in the general election after losing to him, which Nixon condemned him for and used to argue that Rockefeller was not a loyal Republican. He was Vice-President from 1974-1977 under Gerald Ford. He waged a campaign against future President George Bush to be appointed to that office. He won. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was in the Knights of Pythias.

When Richard Nixon resigned (quit) as president on August 9, 1974, Vice President Gerald Ford became the president. On August 20, Ford chose Rockefeller to be the next vice president of the United States. He was chosen out of three other people; the other two were Donald Rumsfeld, the then-United States Ambassador to NATO, and George H.W. Bush, the then-chairman of the Republican National Convention (RNC). Bush would later become vice president from 1981 to 1989, and president from 1989 to 1993.

The United States Congress voted to approve Rockefeller to become vice president. On December 10, 1974, the Senate voted 90-7, and on December 19, the House voted 287-128. He became vice president on December 19, 1974. This made him the second person to become vice president under the 25th Amendment—the first being Ford himself.

Gerald Ford faced strong opposition when running for the Republican presidential nomination in 1976. He had a hard time getting support from more conservative Republicans. He also was expecting a challenge from a conservative opponent, Ronald Reagan. As a result, Ford decided to choose a different running mate for the election. In November 1975, Rockefeller decided not to run as Ford's running mate for 1976.

Ford was nominated at the 1976 Republican National Convention. Reagan, Barry Goldwater, and other notable conservatives said they would support Ford if he chose a suitable vice presidential nominee. Ford considered several candidates, William Ruckelshaus and Bob Dole. He eventually chose Dole as his running mate.

Rockefeller campaigned actively for the Republican ticket, but Ford lost narrowly to Jimmy Carter. Rockefeller's term as vice president ended on January 20, 1977, and he was replaced by Walter Mondale.

As of 2020, Ford is the last incumbent president to not have his incumbent vice president as his running mate. Ford later said not choosing Rockefeller was one of his biggest mistakes, and "one of the few cowardly things I did in my life."

His paternal grandfather was John D. Rockefeller Sr. His maternal grandfather was United States Senator Nelson Aldrich of Rhode Island. He was the son of John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and Abby Aldrich. He was Governor of New York from 1959 to 1973. He was the brother of David Rockefeller, chairman of Chase Bank, Winthrop, later Governor of Arkansas, John III, and Laurance. He is the uncle of former Senator John D. Rockefeller IV.

He was married twice. His first was to Mary Todhunter Clark until they divorced. His second was to Margaretta Fitler Murphy until his death from a heart attack.


Preservation

Preservation may mean:

Special meanings are:


Pillar

A pillar is another word for a column, which is a vertical support structure in architecture.

Pillar may also mean:

Bier

A bier is a flat frame, traditionally wooden but sometimes made of other materials, used to carry a corpse for burial in a funeral procession. In antiquity it was often simply a wooden board on which the dead was placed covered with a shroud (cloth used for burial). In modern times, however, the corpse is almost never carried on the bier without being first placed in a coffin, though the coffin is sometimes kept open. 


Coffin

A coffin (also known as a casket) is a box used to store dead bodies, either for burial or after cremation. Coffins used after cremation are what is known as an urn, where the ashes of the person are stored. 

The word comes ultimately from Greek "kophinos", a basket. In English, the word was not used in a funeral sense until the 1500s. 

Any box used to bury the dead in is a coffin. 

The main distinction between a coffin and a casket is the shape. A casket regularly has 6 – 8 sides while coffins have a rectangular shape. 

Many coffins are made out of materials such as wood, steel (which would have been used in Ancient Egyptian sarcophaguses), and many others. These types of coffins, for example wooden ones can have a rectangular or any other design, whereas a steel or any other metal used in making coffins (or sarcophaguses) could have the exact same but include religious marking added to make it look more appealing.


Agent Orange

Agent Orange is a very powerful herbicide that was used in the Vietnam War. It is a defoliant that destroys forests. It was used by the United States military so their enemies had no place to hide.

The problem with Agent Orange is that when it is released, some dioxins are also generated. Dioxins stay a long time in the environment. They are very toxic, and cause genetic modifications and cancer.


Naruto (manga)

Twelve years ago, a spiritual Nine-Tail fox attacked the Hidden Leaf Village, Minato Namikaze and Kushina Uzumaki sacrificed themselves to seal the monster within a boy named Naruto. Nobody told Naruto that the fox was sealed inside him. The villagers treated him badly because of the monster. When Naruto found out the truth, it made him want to become the next Hokage and earn everyone's respect. After graduating from being a genin, Naruto joined Team 7. The members of Team 7 were Naruto, Sasuke Uchiha, Sakura Haruno and their teacher Kakashi Hatake. They defeated Zabuza and Haku in the Land of Waves. Orochimaru interrupted the Chunin Exam, killing the Third Hokage and Fourth Kazekage. Orochimaru tricked the army of the Hidden Sand into opposing the Leaf. Jiraiya trained Naruto, while Tsunade became the Fifth Hokage. Sasuke left the village and looked for revenge against Itachi. Naruto defeated five enemies from the Land of Sound through the forest, but he failed to stop Sasuke from joining up with Orochimaru.

Two and a half years later, Naruto recruited Sai and Yamato. The Akatsuki organization started kidnapping ninja hosts. Sasuke formed a tracking party and defeated Itachi. Then he became stronger and joined Akatsuki. Naruto learned Sage Mode. He defeated Nagato for killing Jiraiya and devastating the village, even though he became good. Tobi interrupted the meeting and declared the Fourth Great Ninja War. He had a plan to reform the legendary Ten Tails from the nine tailed beasts. That would control humanity and achieve world peace. After learning Chakra Mode with the fox spirit, Naruto helped the Allied Shinobi Forces defeat the army of White Zetsu. Tobi was revealed to be Obito, who kept the power of the eyes containing the Rinnegan and Sharingan. 

When Madara came back to life and stole Obito's half of the power, he turned into the Sage of Six Paths. He used the power of the forbidden art to trap everyone in the Ninja World (except Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Kakashi, Obito and other dead ninjas). Black Zetsu fused with Madara to complete the reincarnation. That freed Kaguya Otsutsuki to take his place. In the past, Kaguya's son, Hagoromo, had trained Ashura and Indra. Ashura and Indra were the first incarnations who came before Naruto and Sasuke. After Kaguya killed Obito, Kakashi sacrificed his power. Naruto and Sasuke worked together to seal Kaguya and Zetsu, and Madara died again. When Sasuke used the forbidden genjutsu, Naruto defeated and spared him. The world was peaceful and all the spiritual beasts were freed from Kaguya. Kakashi became Sixth Hokage. Sasuke realized his mistake, disabled the genjutsu, and forgave everyone.

Years later, Naruto became the Seventh Hokage. He married Hinata Hyuga. They had two children. Their daughter was named Himawari, and their son was named Boruto. Boruto has a special eye and body mark. Boruto makes a new Team 7 with Konohamaru Sarutobi, Sasuke and Sakura's daughter Sarada, and Orochimaru's artificial son Mitsuki. Boruto helped Naruto and Sasuke defeat the two clansmen. Boruto learned that the new enemy group called "Kara" are using their own marks. Kawaki was taken to the Leaf Village and adopted by Naruto's family. Soon after, Isshiki Otsutsuki attacked the hidden leaf village to take Kawaki back but Naruto and Sasuke stopped with the sacrifice of Kurama ( Nine Tails.)

This is where a beginner learns to be a ninja.

Basically meaning lower ninja. Rank of missions they are sent to: D and C easy missions.

Basically meaning middle ninja. Rank of missions they were sent to: C and B.

Basically meaning high ninja. Rank of missions they were sent to: B, A, and S rank.

Sannin is the highest ninja Rank there are only three Sannins in Naruto Manga.

They are like ninja black ops and are assassins. They serve the village's Kage.

The main character of the series. He is a member of Team 7 and the Jinchuriki of Kurama the Nine Tails. He wants to become Hokage to gain the villagers' respect and protect everyone. Over the course of the series, readers find out he is descended from Asura Otsutsuki. He got his chakra and stamina from Asura Otsutsuki. Naruto befriends many foreign and Konoha people and helps them so much that he becomes famous. Naruto eventually completes his dream of becoming Hokage. He starts a family with Hinata Hyuga and has two children, Boruto and Himawari.

The second main character of the series. He is a Team 7 member and a surviving member of the Uchiha clan, a powerful ninja clan descended from Indra Otsutsuki known for their Sharingan eyes. Sasuke's only wish is to avenge his clan. That made him turn on the Hidden Leaf once he learned the truth until the Fourth Great Ninja War. By the events of the "Boruto", he lost his arm. Sasuke started investigating the Otsutsuki clan's influence on the world while helping Konohagakure.

One of Naruto's friends and a female member of Team 7, serving as the group's medic ninja after being trained by Tsunade. Sakura was initially infatuated with Sasuke while resentful to Naruto, gradually seeing the latter as a friend while eventually marrying Sasuke and raising their daughter Sarada.

The leader and sensei of Team 7/Team Kakashi. Kakashi was a student of Naruto's father's Minato. He got a sharigan from his teammate Obito Uchiha. After the Fourth Great Ninja War, Kakashi became the Sixth Hokage and ruled Konoha for many years. Then he retired so Naruto could be Hokage.

A ninja who takes Sasuke's place in Team Kakashi in Part II. Sai can bring his drawings to life. The Foundatin's overseer, Danzo Shimura, raised him to have no emotions. Sai begins becoming more social as he, Naruto and Sakura become friends. At the end of the series, Sai marries into the Yamanaka and raises his son Inojin with his wife Ino.

A ANBU member who becomes a secondary leader in Team Kakashi. Yamato lost his original identity when Orochimaru experimented on him as a child to recreate Hashirama's wood style. Because he has Hashirama's cells, Yamato helps to stop the Nine Tails whenever Naruto is about to be consumed.

A teacher at the Ninja Academy. He lost his parents to Kurama as a child. That made him feel awkward about being Naruto's teacher. Iruka is the first person to acknowledge Naruto. He becomes a father-figure to the boy.

The grandson of Third Hokage who looks to Naruto as a mentor in this quest to become Hokage, emulating his work ethic, determination, and signature jutsu such as the Rasengan and the Sexy Jutsu among a variety of other techniques. Konohamaru insists, however, that he will only become Hokage after Naruto has been Hokage first. By the events of the series epilogue, Konohamaru has ascended to the rank of jonin and become a mentor to Naruto's son Boruto.

One of Naruto's friends and a member of the Hyuga clan. She is a powerful ninja clan descended from Hamura Otsutsuki. The Otsutsuki are known for their Byakugan eyes. Hinata was the first daughter of the main house, but because she was shy and couldn't stand up for herself, her father Hiashi disowned her. She was replaced by her younger sister Hanabi. Afterwards, Kurenai Yuhi cared for Hinata. She became Yuhi's gennin student with Kiba Inuzaka and Shino Abarame. They became members of Team 8. Hinata started to like Naruto. His determination made her feel more confident. In the last episode, she told him she loved him. Hinata and Naruto got married and had two children.

They were known as Team 10. The members are Third Hokage's son Asama Sarutobi and his three students, Shikamaru Nara, Sakura's rival Ino Yamanaka, and Choji Akimichi. Shikamaru and his friends are also called "Ino-Shika-Cho." Their clans being close allies. During Part II, Asuma was killed by the Akatsuki member Hidan. Shikamaru avenged his mentor and became the group's leader. At the end of the series, Shikamaru kept his promise to take care of Asuma's daughter Mirai Sarutobi. Shikamaru and his friends each got married. They raised their children Shikadai Nara, Chocho Akimichi, and Inojin Yamanaka to be the next "Ino-Shika-Cho" group.

A ninja team made of Kakashi's rival Might Guy and his three students Rock Lee, Hinata's cousin Neja Hyuga, and Tenten. They are a year older than the other Hidden Leaf gennin. Guy wanted to wait a year before they could take the test to advance in ninja rank and become Chunin. Neji sacrificed himself to save Naruto and Hinata. Guy was hurt during his ultimate attack and had to retire early.

Naruto's mentor and one of the Three Legendary Sannin. The Three Legendary Sannin were the students of the Third Hokage who survived the Hidden Rain's Hanzo of the Salamander in battle. Jiraiya is also known as the "Toad Sage" for having learned Sage jutsu from the Roads of Mt. Myobu. He was told by the elder that his student will become a savior of the world. Naruto calls him "pervy sage" because he wrote romance novels. He also wrote the epic "Tale of the Gutsy Ninja" with Naruto. During Part I, took Naruto as his student. In Part II, he left to investigate the Akatsuki. He found out it was led by his former student Nagato. Jiraiya died fighting to give the Hidden Leaf a chance against Nagato. He believed Naruto is the child of the Elder Toad's prophecy.

The term Hokage refers to the title of the leader of Konohagakure. There are seven in total through the series. Their pictures are carved into the rock formation over Konohagakure.


A Hidden Leaf resident. He is the leader of the Foundation. The Foundation is a secret organization that takes care of security. His goal is to become Hokage. He thought Hiruzen and his followers were weak. Danzo caused many bad things like the Uchiha Massacre. He had Orochimaru add Sharingan eyes and Hashirama's cells to him. When Tsunade was in a coma, Danzo was Acting Candidate Sixth Hokage. Sasuke killed him. After he died, the Foundation fell apart at the end of the Fourth Great Ninja War. 
One of Naruto's first opponents. He was a member of Hidden Mist's Seven Swordsmen of the Mist, a group of ninja that use particularly large swords in battle. He killed his whole class as part of a graduation ritual. Zabuza has a large sword called the Executioner's Blade. The Executioner's Blade can repair itself by absorbing the iron from blood. Zabuza had an apprentice named Haku. Haku could use the Ice-Style Kekkei Genkai. Zabuza and Haku became rogue ninja after trying to take over the Fourth Mizukage. They worked for a crime boss named Gato to get money to try again. Zabuza died after he was betrayed by Gato. Kabu brought Zabuza and Haku back to life. 

A criminal who served as the principal villain of Part I. He was Hiruzen's student. Orochimaru joined the Akatsuki and worked with Danzo. Orochimaru wanted to live forever so he could learn every jutsu. He did experiments on other ninja. Then he made his own ninja village, the Hidden Sound Village. He used the village to experiment on people and make an army. He wanted to use the army to destroy Konoha. To live forever, he changes his mind to different bodies every few years. He wanted to use Sasuke's body to live in. After the end of part II, Orochimaru stopped fighting Konoha. He made Mitsuki instead. Yamato watched him.

Orochimaru's right hand and spy. He is good at medical ninjutsu and can manipulate cells. Kabuto was initially a Foundation spy. He had no memory of his past. Orochimaru helped Kabuto when Danzo did not trust him. Kabuto used his skills to spy on people for Orochimaru. After Orochimaru was defeated, Kabuto decided to master Snake Sage jutsu. He put some of Orochimaru's remains into his body. He also added DNA samples of Sound Five, Jugo, Suigetsu, and Karin. Kabuto perfected the Reanimation Jutsu. He made Tobi work with him as payment for his surfaces. Kabuto was defeated, but he saved Sasuke. After the war Kabuto returned to run the orphanage he was raised in with his adopted brother Urushi.

A rogue Hidden Leaf ninja. He joined the Akatsuki after slaughtering his clan. He was shown as a villain. After he died, Itachi was shown to be loyal to the Hidden Leaf. He only killed his family because they tried to take over when Danzo and Tobi told them to. Itachi joined Akatsuki after they agreed to keep Sasuke alive. He planned to have Sasuke kill him. Itachi secretly stayed loyal to the Hidden Leaf by secretly spying on the Akatsuki. He was Kisame's partner..

The main enemy of the second part of the series. It was founded by Jiraiya's students Yahiko, Nagato and Konan as a peacekeeping group in the Hidden Rain. Danzo and Tobi made it change to paid fighters made of rogue ninja. Nagato became a leader. The Akatsuki's new goal was to make everyone understand suffering so that there would be peace. They acted on Madara's Project Moon's Eye to feed the tailed beasts to the Gedo Statue. They used an Infinite Tsukiyomi to control all people.


Also known as Tobi. He is Akatsuki's true leader. He is the main enemy for most of Part II. He was a child during the Third Great Ninja War. He gave his left eye to his teammate Kakashi when he looked like he was about to die. When he looked like he was going to die, Obito was saved by Madara. Madara replaced the damaged parts of his body with Zetsu prosthetics. Obito became Madara's student. Madara made Obitsu watch Kakashi kill Rin Noharu. Obito decided he would use the Tailed Beasts to destroy reality. He wanted to create a perfect world. Obito took Madara's name. He controlled things that led to the creation of the Akatsuki. He also controlled things that led to the Nine Tails' attack on the Hidden Leaf Village. He was angry at his former mentor, Minato. With his Sharingan, Obito can make it seem like he cannot be touched. He can teleport a long way. He can also use Wood Style attacks because he has Hashirama's cells. After Obito is defeated, he gets back the sharingan he gave Kakashi. Then he died to protect team 7 from Kaguya. He helped Kakashi in spirit. 

One of two people who started Hidden Leaf Village. The other was Madara's childhood friend Hashirama Senju. Madara and Hashirama are reincarnations of the founding ancestors, Indra and Asura. Sasuke and Naruto are also reincarnations of Indra and Asura. Madara does not like the Senju because they killed his brothers during the Warring States Period. He makes peace with Hashirama, but then turns against him again. Madara tried to destroy the Hidden Leaf Village with the Nine Tails jutsu. Hashirama stopped him, and Madara faked his death. Madara used Hashirama's blood for his Rinnegan. He summoned the Gedo statue to keep himself alive. He finally died after getting Obito Uchiha to work for him. He gave his Rinnegan to Nagato so that he could be brought back from the dead later. After some time, Madara came back from the dead and turned himself into the Ten Tails jinchuriki. He tried to finish his plan, but Black Zetsu betrayed him. Madara became a vessel for Kaguya. When Kaguya was resealed, Madara was close to dying. He finally made peace with Hashirama and then died for good. 

The main enemy of the "Naruto" series. Kaguya was a member of the main family of the Otsutsuki clan. The Otsutsuki clan were a race of alien ninja whose branch family's descendants include the Senju, the Uchiha, and the Hyuga. Kaguya decided to protect the world rather than feed off it like her kin. She became part of the world's Divine Tree as she worked on her ideal of world peace. Kaguya lost faith in humanity. She turned some humans into an army called trust White Zetsu. They were to defend her against other Otsutsuki. She fought with her half-human twin sons, Hagoromo and Hamura, upon learning they inherited her chakra. Kaguya became part of the Divine Tree and turned it into the Ten-Tails. When Hagoromo captured her, she was sealed in the moon. She turned into the Gedo Statue. Her chakra turned into the Nine Tailed Beasts. Before she was sealed, Kaguya made Black Zetsu. Black Zetsu would help her to come back. They would use Indra and the Uchiha Clan. Madara Uchiha would be her new vessel. Naruto and Sasuke defeated her with their team. They took out the spiritual beasts and Madara. Then they sealed Kaguya again.


The manga series has 72 volumes. There are 26 light novels and 13 novels in Japan. In the United States, there are 16 chapter books. They use pictures from the manga.

The manga series ran up to 72 volumes. It became one of the most popular manga and anime. Since it began, a lot of Naruto fansites (websites made by people who like it a lot) were made with detailed information, guides, forums and card games.

The first part aired from 2002 to 2007 with 220 episodes. The second part "Naruto Shippuden" aired from 2007 to 2017 with 500 episodes. Some episodes and anime movies for the series are not based on the manga.

Twelve "Naruto" original video animations (OVAs) have been released.
Movies
There are 11 movies following the plot of the anime and manga.

There is a plan to make a live action Naruto movie.

There are more than 50 games. Many of them are fighting games based on the anime or manga. The first Naruto game was , which was originally released in Japan on December 19, 2002, and later in North America on November 17, 2005 as the first Naruto game in North America.

Websites for the game included Ninja Classic and Naruto-Arena.


Mobster

"Mobster" is a slang term for someone who is part of the mafia or a mafia-like group. A mobster is a criminal. The word " "Gangster" often means the same thing.


1307

1307 (MCCCVII) was .



Sergio Leone

Sergio Leone (3 January 1929 – 30 April 1989) was an Italian movie director. He is well known for his Spaghetti Western films; particularly his "Dollars" trilogy (also known as "The Man with No Name" trilogy) starring American actor, Clint Eastwood.

Leone was born in Rome and died there of a heart attack.


Ban Ki-moon

Ban Ki-moon (; born 13 June 1944) is a South Korean diplomat. He was the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations from 2007 to 2016. He replaced Kofi Annan on 1 January 2007.

Ban was the Foreign Minister of South Korea from January 2004 to November 2006. On October 13, 2006, he was elected to be the eighth Secretary-General by the United Nations General Assembly.

Ban received his bachelor's degree in International Relations from Seoul National University in 1970 and earned a Master of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1985.

Ban is married, and he has a son and two daughters. His native language is Korean, but he also speaks English and French.

Ban met U.S. President John F. Kennedy in Washington, D.C. after winning an English language competition in the early 1960s while he was in high school. The competition was organised by the American Red Cross. He has said that it was after this meeting that he wanted to become a diplomat.

Ban joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in May 1970 and worked his way up during the years of the Yusin Constitution.

His first overseas posting was to New Delhi. After that, he worked in the United Nations Division at the foreign ministry's headquarters. At the time of Park Chung Hee's assassination, Ban was First Secretary at South Korea's Permanent Observer Mission to the UN in New York City (South Korea only became a full UN member state on September 17, 1991). He subsequently assumed the post of Director of the United Nations Division. He has been posted twice to the Republic of Korea (ROK) Embassy in Washington, D.C. Between these two assignments he served as Director-General for American Affairs in 1990 – 1992. He was promoted to the position of Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and International Organizations in 1995. He was then appointed National Security Advisor to the President in 1996, and assumed the office of Vice Minister in 2000. His most recent post was as Foreign Policy Advisor to the President Roh Moo-hyun.

While he served as Ambassador to Austria, Ban was elected as Chairman of the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO PrepCom) in 1999. During the ROK's Presidency of the 56th Session of the United Nations General Assembly (GA) in 2001, he worked as Chef de Cabinet of the President of the GA.

Ban has been very involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relationships. In 1992, he served as Vice Chairman of the South-North Joint Nuclear Control Commission, following the adoption by South and North Korea of the Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. In September 2005, as Foreign Minister, he played a leading role in the diplomatic efforts to adopt the Joint Statement on resolving the North Korean nuclear issue at the Fourth Round of the Six-Party Talks held in Beijing.

In February 2006, Ban announced his candidacy to replace Kofi Annan as UN Secretary-General at the end of 2006. He was the first South Korean to run for Secretary-General. He got the most votes in each of the four straw polls conducted by the United Nations Security Council on July 24, 2006, September 14, 2006 September 28, 2006 and October 2, 2006.

On September 25, 2006, while these polls were taking place, Ban addressed the Asia Society in New York on his candidacy and views on major issues confronting the UN. The next day, he gave an interview to the Asia Society's "AsiaSource", where he again spoke a lot about the upcoming challenges to be faced by the UN. Earlier in the year, he had spoken to the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.

In an informal poll that took place on October 2, 2006, Ban received fourteen favourable votes and one "no opinion" from the fifteen members of the Security Council; the Japanese delegation the only nation that was not in full agreement. More importantly, Ban was the only one to escape a veto, while each of the five other candidates received at least one "no" vote from the five permanent members of the council — People's Republic of China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States. After the vote, Shashi Tharoor, who finished second, withdrew his candidacy and China's Permanent Representative to the UN told reporters that "it is quite clear from today's straw poll that Minister Ban Ki-moon is the candidate that the Security Council will recommend to the General Assembly."
On October 9, 2006, the Security Council formally chose Ban as its nominee. On October 13, 2006, the 192-member General Assembly adopted a resolution, by acclamation, appointing Ban as Secretary-General.

In 2009 Op-Ed, Ban Ki-moon in referring to global warming stated: "All agree that climate change is an existential threat to humankind"

On June 21, 2011, he was re-elected for a second term as UN Secretary General by unanimous votes.

Ban has been awarded the Order of Service Merit twice, once in 1975, and again in 1986, by the Government of the Republic of Korea. For his accomplishments as an envoy, he received the Grand Decoration of Honour from the Republic of Austria in 2001. A year later, the government of Brazil awarded himi the Grand Cross of Rio Branco.

In September 2005, the Korea Society in New York honoured him with the James A. Van Fleet Award for his contributions to friendship between the United States and the Republic of Korea.


Italian Americans

An Italian American is a U.S. citizen of Italian descent. It may mean someone born in the United States with Italian parents or grandparents or someone born in Italy who moved to the United States. The largest group of Italians moved to the United States in the early 1900s; two million moved between 1900 to 1914. Only Irish and Germans moved to the United States in bigger numbers. In 2000 the government counted 15.6 million Italian Americans in the United States. This means that in the year 2000, for every 1000 Americans, 56 of them were Italian Americans.

Italian Americans have been an important part in building the United States. Many great politicians, inventors, scientists, soldiers, musicians and film makers (actors and directors) have been Italian Americans. The Mafia in the United States was made by some Italian Americans but nearly all Italian Americans have nothing to do with it.

Most of them came from southern Italy, in regions such as Sicily, Naples and Calabria, only a sizeable minority of Italian Americans have ancestral roots in Northern Italy.

New York City has more Italian Americans than any other city in the United States. More than 3 million Italians live in or near New York. The states of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, California, Florida and Massachusetts also have large Italian American populations. There are large Italian-American populations in the cities of Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, Detroit, Ohio, which each have over a half million Italians.

Municipalities of the canton of Vaud

This is a list of articles in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. It includes municipalities that merged with others. The capital of each district is in bold type.




















Samuel Alito

Samuel Anthony Alito, Jr. (; born April 1, 1950) is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was nominated by President George W. Bush and has served on the court since January 31, 2006.

Alito was born to Italian American parents. He served in the U.S. Army reserves from 1972 to 1980, as Assistant United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey 1977-1981, as Assistant to U.S. Solicitor General 1981-1985, as Deputy Assistant Attorney General, 1987-1990, and from 1990 on as a member the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit before his 2006 nomination to the Supreme Court. Alito holds an originalist view of the law. The vote by the U.S. Senate to confirm Alito to the Supreme Court judge was the second narrowest in recent U.S. History to that point (58-42), the only narrower one being the 52-48 vote to confirm Clarence Thomas. Alito is from Trenton, New Jersey.

House of Representatives

A House of Representatives is a part of some legislatures, which are law-making bodies. In a House of Representatives, the members are called representatives. For example, the legislature of the United States, called Congress, is made up of two parts. One of these parts is called the House of Representatives and the other one is called the Senate. A representative in the United States Congress is a "U.S. Representative". Many state legislatures in the United States also have Houses of Representatives. A representative in one of those state houses is a State Representative.

Abigail Johnson

Abigail Johnson (born January 7, 1961) is an American businessperson. She runs the mutual fund company Fidelity Investments with her father, Edward Johnson. In 2005, she was ranked as the fifth richest woman in the world.

William Wrigley Jr.

William Wrigley Jr. (September 30, 1861 – January 26, 1932) was an American businessman. He was the founder of the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company. His company makes Wrigley brand chewing gum.

Original word Riglee is derived from the Arabs in 622 BCE, which means two feet/foot numbers, length or mammalian organs from god. The British that created Toronto the 6922 blue colour, made it mean more. Blue color.
Dan Marino

Daniel Constantine Marino, Jr. (born September 15, 1961) is a Hall of Fame quarterback who played for the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League.

Marino started his career playing for University of Pittsburgh as a quarterback. Marino finished his career with the university having thrown 74 touchdown passes. In 2002 he was voted into the College Football Hall of Fame. He had a long and successful career as a quarterback for the Miami Dolphins, breaking many passing records but never leading his team to win the NFL Super Bowl.

Joe Montana

Joseph Clifford Montana, Jr. (born June 11, 1956) is a retired American Hall of Fame football player. He played as a quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League. With the San Francisco 49ers, he won four Super Bowls. He was named the Super Bowl Most Valuable Player (MVP) three times. Montana began his career playing for the University of Notre Dame in Indiana. He broke many records while playing for San Francisco. His main receiver was Jerry Rice, who is also in the Hall of Fame.

Hall of fame

A hall of fame is a type of museum for awards in certain areas where awards can be given, for example sport, art, theatre, music, agriculture, military and many more areas. A hall of fame is sometimes an actual building where awards, trophies and memrobilia are stored but sometimes a hall of Fame is just a list of award winners. To get into a hall of fame in any area, one must be the best in that area, or one of the best.

The first hall of fame was the Forum Augustum in Ancient Rome. It was built by Augustus who vowed to build a temple honoring Mars, the Roman God of war, during the battle of Philippi in 42 BC. The Forum incuded statues of heroes of the Ancient world.

Once Upon a Time in America

Once Upon a Time in America is a 1984 movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Robert De Niro and James Woods as Jewish gangsters. The movie was Sergio Leone's last before his death.

The movie is set at three different times; 

When Leone finished making the movie it was 229 minutes (3 hours and 49 minutes) and started with an old character (Robert De Niro) remembering his past; it then showed him as a child and as a young adult. We call this flashbacks; it can happen in movie but certainly not in real life. But when it was first shown to American audiences it was made much shorter and set in chronological order; meaning the movie first showed the characters as children, then as young adults and then as older adults; or 'from start to finish'. We call this "chronological"; this is what would happen in real life. Many people agree that the longer version is much better than the shortened chronological version.

Liu-bo

Liu-bo is an Italian martial art. It started in Sicily. 

In Sicily, the art of "paranza", moving the stick by hand in order to attack or in order to defend oneself, was being taught to sons by their fathers for centuries. Many people who took care of sheep were masters of it. They often were asked to fight in order to decide problems of honor. Recently, rules have been created and it was made a sport. This sport has become well-known and has been made official by the National Educational Sport Center (CSEN). 

The stick is made from the wood of olive, rowan, or bitter orange tree. It is used as a base for a number of actions. It is held in one or both hands. 


Edward the Elder

Edward (16 June 874 — 17 July 924) nicknamed the Elder or the Great was King of the Anglo-Saxons from 899 until his death in 924. He was the oldest child of the West Saxon king, Alfred, and his wife, Ealhswith of Mercia. During Edward's reign, Wessex greatly expanded and that England was almost unified, however, Edward died before he could do it.

When Edward became king in 899, he faced a rebellion led by his cousin, Æthelwold, who had believed that he had a better claim to the throne as he was the son of Athelred I, the older brother and predecessor of Edward's father. Edward successfully defeated Æthelwold and his army in 902. After that, Edward continued to rule England effectively until his death in 924. He was succeeded by his oldest child, Athelstan, who continued his father's plan to unify England on which he had successfully did it in 927.

Edward was the son of Alfred the Great and Ealhswith. She was a daughter of Ethelred, also called Mucill, Ealdorman of the Gaini. He was born about the year 870. As one of at least three , it was not absolutely certain he would be king after his father.The rules of succession were somewhat flexible at this time. Being the king's son did not guarantee succession. The new king was selected from among the eligible Athelings (sons and grandsons of former kings). Generally an adult heir was preferred over a child heir. His cousin, Aethelwold, was older and was the son of Alfred's older brother Athelred of Wessex. When he was about four years old Edward was sent to Rome. There, in a ceremony, he was given a sword, belt and given the rank of consul. This is one of several things Alfred did to make Edward the first choice among the Athelings who would succeed him as king. By a past agreement Alfred had control of most of the royal estates. He could leave all or some to Edward. In the 880s, Alfred made a will giving most of the royal estates to his son Edward, and left his two nephews only modest lands in the eastern part of the realm. This meant that if Ethelhelm were selected as king over Edward, he might not have enough income to support himself as king.

Edward ruled from time of his father's death on 26 October, 899. But he wasn't crowned until Whitsunday (8 June) of 900. His reign began with his cousin Athelwold, son of King Athelred, seizing the royal manors of Wimborne and Christchurch. When Edward confronted him Athelwold fled. He left behind a nun he had abducted. Athelwold was accepted by the Danes of Northumbria. There he was elected King of York. In 901 Athelwold was in Essex with a fleet he raised over seas. In 902 he convinced a Danish army in East Anglia to raid into Wessex and Mercia with him. In response Edward led his army into East Anglia and destroyed the countryside. Edward ordered his troops to retire back to Wessex, but the Kentish men disobeyed his orders and stayed behind. The Danish army quickly caught up with them. In the battle that followed, Athelwold was killed. 
Edward continued his wars against the Danes. He received a great deal of aid from his sister, Ethelflaeda. She had married Ethelred of Mercia and at his death she became the leader of the Mercians. Together Edward and Ethelflaeda defeated the Danes in numerous battles. But Ethelflaeda also built a line of fortresses on the Mercian Frontier. This was what her father Alfred the Great had done on the Wessex borders with the Danish held territories. Edward began to use these fortresses differently. Not just for defense of his own lands he used them to hold captured lands. Edward and his sister were very successful against the Danes. So much so they quit raiding into Wessex and Mercia. Freed of wars with the Danes, Edward could attend to other issues. He brought Strathclyde and parts of Northumbria under his control. He also brought Mercia under his direct rule after his sister Ethelflaeda died. The appearance of the Viking leader Ragnvald in York slowed his progress. But by the end of his reign he had control of all lands south of the River Humber. In a treaty Ragnvald, the kings of Strathclyde and the Scots recognized his rule.

In 924 Mercian nobles wanting to be free of Edward's rule made an alliance with the Welsh. Edward quickly put down the rebellion and placed a in the town of Chester. But this expedition proved to be his last. Edward died 17 July 924. Before the end of the year his son Athelstan was recognized as the rightful king.

Edward's first wife was Egwina. Together they had:


Edward married secondly, Elfleda, a daughter of Æthelhelm. Together they had:


As his third wife, Edward married Eadgifu, the daughter of Sigehelm. Together they had:



924

924 was a leap year.



Ælfweard of Wessex

Aelfweard (904 - 2 August 924) was briefly the King of Wessex, following the death of his father, Edward the Elder. The Kingdom of England was divided between Aelfweard and his half-brother, Athelstan, who became King of Mercia.

Aelfweard lived for only 16 days after his father and was probably not even crowned. Athelstan became King of Wessex in September 924, so the English kingdom was re-united again.

Edmund I of England

Edmund I (922 26 May 946), the Elder, the Deed-Doer or the Magnificent, was King of England from 939 until his death. He was a son of Edward the Elder and a half-brother of Athelstan. Edmund was the first king to start his rule with a united England.

Early in his rule, the Norse king, Olaf Guthfrithson, took back much of the north of England. By 941, Edmund regained his northern lands from the Norse. He defeated a revolt by the Welsh and killed the Scottish King of Strathclyde, Donald MacDonald. He signed a treaty with Malcolm I of Scotland and set up a policy of safe borders.

He was married twice. With is first wife, "St. Aelfgith", he had two children who became King Eadwig "All-Fair" and King Edgar "the Peacemaker". After she died in 944 Edmund married Ethelflaed of Damerham. They did not have children.

During the Feast of St. Augustine, on 26 May 946, at Pucklechurch in Gloucester, Edmund was killed fighting a thief who would not leave the feast. He was succeeded by his brother Edred. Edmund is buried at Glastonbury Abbey.

Beak

The beak, a bill, or a rostrum is the nose and mouth of a bird. The beak is used for eating, fighting, grooming, and many other things. 

Beaks on different types of birds can be very different in size, shape and color. Beaks are made of an upper and lower mandible. In most species, two holes are used for breathing.

The upper and lower parts of the beak are called mandibles. They are attached to the skull. The upper mandible is attached using several smaller bones, and is able to move up.

The mandibles are bones that are covered in a rhamphotheca - a thin layer of hard skin. This hard skin is similar to horns, nails, and claws, and grows constantly. In some birds the rhamphotheca has different colors in different times of year. Beaks can have color spots that can be seen in ultraviolet light. 

The edges of the mandibles are used for cutting and grabbing food. Some birds have sharp points or grooves on the edge of the beak. These shapes make it easier to hold insects or break seeds. Birds that hunt fish or other animals often have more sharp points. 

The gape is the inside of the open mouth of a bird. Baby birds of some species have bright colors in their gape, including spots that can be seen in ultraviolet light. Parent birds use these colored spots to choose which baby to feed. The color spots go away as the babies grow.

The nostrils are the two breathing holes on the beak. They are usually on the top mandible on the part close to the head. A few species breathe through their mouths and have no nostrils. In some birds the nostrils cannot be seen because they are under feathers or a cover called an operculum.

Some birds like parrots, raptors, and turkeys have a cere - a waxy area covering the beak near the head. Most species that have a cere have their nostrils in it. Male and female birds in some species are told apart by the color of their cere. 

Ducks, geese, and swans have a special plate at the end of the beak called a nail. The nail is hard and is used to force out food that is stuck to a surface or in the ground. 

The egg tooth is a small, hard lump that grows on the tip of baby bird beaks. It grows before they hatch and falls off soon after. Birds use the egg tooth to break open the egg from the inside. Only a few species of birds kick the inside of the egg to hatch instead of using an egg tooth.

A bird is able to stab or bite with its beak. Birds also use their beaks as a threat when afraid or angry, by opening them wide. Sometimes birds hiss or clap their beaks at the same time. 

Beaks are used for preening (grooming the feathers). A bird can comb its feathers with its beak to adjust any that are badly positioned. Many birds spread a thin layer of oil onto their feathers, which helps to waterproof them. They also remove any dirt or parasites at the same time. 

Many birds use beaks during courtship. They may dance, touch each other's beaks, or tap things with their beaks. In some species, birds may preen each other as either a friendship behavior or courting behavior. 

Birds lose body heat through their beaks because beaks have blood in them and are not covered with feathers. Birds in warm places can lose heat this way without sweating and losing water. Birds in cold climates have smaller beaks to stop too much heat loss. 

Coral

Corals are formed by small animals, the polyps of the phylum Cnidaria. 

The corals are marine, either on continental shelves or round oceanic islands. They live in colonies.

All the polyps in a colony are zooids: they are all clones, genetically identical. Inside the colony they breed by asexual reproduction. They also reproduce sexually. Colonies of the same species release gametes together, over one, two or three nights around a full moon.

Each coral animal is like a small bag. The opening on top is the mouth. Tentacles (little arms) around the mouth carry stinging nematocysts, which paralyse the small animals eaten by the coral polyps.

Coral usually grows in tropical oceans. A few corals grow in cold water, like the oceans around the British Isles and Norway.

Most corals get energy and nutrients from symbiosis with photosynthetic unicellular algae called zooxanthellae. Such corals need sunlight and grow in clear, shallow water, typically at depths less than 60 metres (200 ft).

Many corals (and some other cnidaria) live with zooxanthellae of the genus "Symbiodinium", which are dinoflagellates. Usually, each polyp harbours one species of algae. By photosynthesis, these provide energy for the coral, and help calcification.

The algae benefit from a safe place to live and consume the polyp's carbon dioxide and nitrogenous waste. Due to the strain the algae can put on the polyp, the coral often ejects the algae. Mass ejections are known as coral bleaching, because the algae contribute to coral's brown coloration. Ejection increases the polyp's chance of surviving short-term stress—they can regain algae, possibly of a different species, at a later time. If the stressful conditions persist, the polyp eventually dies.

A coral reef is a place where many corals grow. The reef make a good home for many other animals, such as fish, crabs, clams, and sponges.

Each coral animal secretes calcium carbonate around itself. This makes the solid structure of the colony. When the animal dies, new polyps live on top of the older structure. The rock they make is also called coral.

They are called "coral skeletons". Each different kind of coral colony builds a different kind of skeleton, so that colonies can be shaped like a brain, a mushroom, a cabbage, or many other things. With all these corals gathered together building skeletons around themselves, large coral formations are made. Together, all the coral formations in one place make up a coral reef.

Coral can also be used as jewellery.


Sweyn Forkbeard

Sweyn I, or Sweyn Forkbeard (17 April 963 - 3 February 1014) was King of Denmark from about 986-3 February 1014 and King of England from 25 December 1013 to 3 February 1014. 

Sweyn's father was Harald Bluetooth, King of Denmark. Sweyn invaded England many times between 990 and 1013, when his army took control of London on Christmas day. Sweyn briefly became King of England until he died 40 days later on 3 February 1014 after being hurt in a fall from his horse.

Dollars trilogy

The Dollars trilogy, also known as The Man with No Name trilogy, refers to the three Spaghetti Westerns starring Clint Eastwood and directed by Sergio Leone:

Blue Line International

Blue Line International is an international maritime company. They deal in the transportation of passengers and vehicles between Croatia and Italy.
Blue Line International was started in 1993. Its first passenger ship "Kraljica mira" sailed towards Italy carrying humanitarian aid and refugees. "Kraljica mira" was sailing at that time under the flag of SEM Maritime Company (SMC). In 1997, the passenger ship "Split 1700" joined the same company. In 2003, Blue Line International replaced SMC.

The passenger ship "Ancona", the largest ship in the Adriatic Sea was bought in 2003. It has been sailing together with the passenger ship "Split 1700" for several years on Blue Line's regular route. They maintain the seasonal lines between Ancona and Hvar and between Ancona and Vis.


Flainval

Flainval is a town in France. It is near Dombasle-sur-Meurthe.

Dombasle-sur-Meurthe

Dombasle-sur-Meurthe is a town in France. It is near Saint-Nicolas-de-Port on the Meurthe River.


Saint-Nicolas-de-Port

Saint-Nicolas-de-Port is a town in France.
It is near Dombasle-sur-Meurthe on the Meurthe River.


Footballer

A footballer is the athlete who - with amatorial or professional interests - plays football.

Footballers sign a contract with clubs, playing for them until their expire date. At this point, a footballer can make another contract or move to another club.

During a game, each team uses 11 players with the compulsory presences of a goalkeeper and a captain. Roles are as follows: goalkeeper, defender, midfielder and attacker. Each of these have more positions, for example:


Despite each role requests different skills and moves, every footballer has a common objective: scoring goals.


Tex Avery

Frederick Bean "Tex" Avery (February 26, 1908 – August 26, 1980) was an American animator, cartoonist and director. He is famous for creating animated cartoons during the Golden Age of Hollywood. He did his most major work for the Warner Bros. and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios. He created the characters of Porky Pig, Daffy Duck, Bugs Bunny, and Droopy. His had an effect on almost all of the animated cartoon series by various studios in the 1940s and 1950s.



Edgar the Atheling

Edgar the Atheling (or Edgar Ætheling) c. 1052 – 1125 or after,) was a claimant to the throne of England in 1066 after Edward the Confessor died. Edgar was a popular choice among the English, because he was English and a grandson of Edmund Ironside. 

Edgar was born in Hungary: his father was in exile there. When Edgar was five, his father, Edward the Exile returned to England from Hungary. He had been exiled from England during the Viking reign. Soon after returning, Edgar’s father died under mysterious circumstances.

Edward the Confessor, who had no children, had promised the throne to his nephew Edward the Exile, his nearest living relative. In 1057, the king's messengers found Edward The Exile, his wife Agatha, their two daughters and son Edgar living in Hungary. Edward agreed to return to England and brought his family. But a few days after their arrival Edward was killed. At the time Edgar was only five years old. When Edward the Confessor died Edgar was still young (15 years old) and had no experience, money or soldiers. The leaders in England expected attacks from Norway and Normandy. Under these conditions, Edgar was not a good choice as king. Royal succession in Anglo-Saxon England was determined by the Witenagemot (Witan), a council of wise men.

While Edgar was an Atheling (a prince of the royal family) he was not the heir apparent. That designation was unknown in Anglo-Saxon England. A king could recommend his successor but the actual choice of King was made by the Witan. The first thing the Witan did was choose Edward's brother-in-law, Harold Godwinson to be the next king. On the same day Edward, the Confessor was buried, Harold Godwinson was hurriedly crowned king at Westminster Abbey.

Nine months later, on 14 October 1066 at the battle of Hastings Harold was killed. Duke William rested his army for five days before marching to London. During this time Edgar was selected as king in London. It was thought a second army could be raised to fight the Normans if they had a king whose name could unite England. But William took control of England with his army before Edgar could be crowned. William met with the English leaders including Edgar, at Berkhamsted. There William received oaths of fealty and received hostages from Edgar.

Six months after Berkhamsted, King William returned to Normandy. To make things easier for his representatives left to govern England, he took Edgar and others with him. At the end of 1067 William brought Edgar back to England when he returned. In the summer of 1068 Edgar took his mother and sisters and escaped to Scotland. His sister, Margaret, married King Malcolm III of Scotland. Along with Malcolm, Edgar took part in several military campaigns against William, now King of England. He later took part in the Crusades. Edgar remained unmarried and never produced any children. He lived until c.1126 (Aged 75). Edgar was the last living male member of the Anglo-Saxon royalty.

Edgar was a direct descendant of a line of Wessex kings that the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" traced back to the dynasty's supposed 6th century founder, Cerdic, a descent that includes Alfred the Great. His grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather were all Kings of England before Cnut the Great became king of all England.

McIntosh (apple)

The McIntosh is a type of apple. It is red and green like a Gala apple only brighter in color. Tart and crisp, it snaps when bitten into.

Municipalities of the canton of Bern

There are 400 municipalities in the canton of Bern (including mergers), Switzerland. It is the largest canton in Switzerland and has the most communes.

Edgar of England

King Edgar or Eadgar I (~942 – 8 July 975) was the younger son of King Edmund I of England. He had the nickname, "the Peaceable", but was a stronger king than his elder brother, Edwy. He took the kingdoms of Northumbria and Mercia from Edwy in 958. 

Edgar was recognized as king north of the Thames by Mercian nobles in 958, and officially took the throne when Edwy died in October 959. Immediately Edgar recalled Dunstan from exile and made him successively Bishop of Worcester, then of London and finally Archbishop of Canterbury.

Edgar is regarded as a Saint by the Catholic church.


Mozilla Thunderbird

Mozilla Thunderbird is a free cross-platform e-mail client developed by MZLA Technologies Corporation which is a subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation.

List of U.S. state mottos

This is a list of mottos for the different states of the United States. To help tourism, states can also make state slogans.



Sauropsid

Sauropsids are a group of land vertebrates which includes all existing reptiles and birds and their fossil ancestors. 

They are one of the two groups which evolved from egg-laying amniotes in the first part of the Carboniferous period.

The synapsids are the other group which evolved from amniotes. They gave rise, eventually, to the mammals.

Living sauropsids include lizards, snakes, turtles, crocodiles, and birds. Extinct sauropsids include non-avian dinosaurs, pterosaurs, plesiosaurs, ichthyosaurs, and many others.

More or less, the evolution of tetrapods has taken this course:
The earlies tetrapods lived in water. Clear fossil tetrapod tracks from the mid-Devonian predate previous tetrapod records by 18 million years.

Nine genera of Devonian tetrapods have been described. These earliest tetrapods were not terrestrial. They lived in swampy habitats like shallow wetlands, coastal lagoons, brackish river deltas, and even shallow marine sediments.

Between the lobe-finned fish tetrapods and the first amphibia and amniotes in the Middle Carboniferous lies a gap of 30 million years, with few satisfactory tetrapod fossils. This is "Romer's gap". Some new fossils were found in the 1990s, such as "Pederpes", right in the middle of the Romer Gap. The gap still obscures the details of the tetrapod transition.

Sometime, in the later Devonian or earliest Carboniferous, the fishapods became mainly land-based. One group of them kept their link to the water, and always laid their eggs in water. They became the amphibians. The others evolved a way of laying eggs on land. They were the amniotes, whose key innovation was the cleidoic egg.

Sometime in the middle or lower Carboniferous, the amniotes split into two lines. One line lead to the reptiles of all kinds, and we call that the Sauropsida. The other line led eventually to the mammals, and we call that the Synapsida. It is not right to say "mammals evolved from reptiles" because both groups derived from early amniotes. In any event, modern reptiles are vastly different from modern mammals. Both groups have evolved for over 300 million years from the early amniotes.


Conservation status

The conservation status of a species shows how likely it is for that species to survive now or in the future. Many factors affect the conservation status of a species: the number remaining, the overall increase or decrease in the population over time, breeding success rates, known threats, and others.


Abstract algebra

Abstract algebra is a part of math which studies algebraic structures. These include:
It is normal to build a theory on one kind of structure, like group theory or category theory. 

The purpose of the theory of each concept is to organize the precise definition of the concept, examples of it, its substructures, the ways to relate different examples of the concept algebraically (these are called morphisms in some cases), and the concept's applications, both inside its own theory and outside in other areas of mathematics.

During history, different fields of mathematics have used algebras. Algebras are about finding or specifying rules on how to calculate with certain mathematical formulas and expressions. Another algebra (which is not "abstract") is elementary algebra, for example. 


Geodesic

In mathematics, a geodesic is the shortest path between 2 points over a curved surface. For example, an aeroplane takes the shortest path to go from one destination to the next. However the earth is not flat, it has the shape of a sphere. Displayed on a map you would see a curved line. Paths on a sphere are also called great circles, such that in this case, two points are joined by two distinct geodesics. A minimal geodesic (or segment) is a particular case where the geodesic joining two distant points has the shortest length.

Anarcho-syndicalism

Anarcho-syndicalism is a form of anarchism. It sees labour unions as something which will cause revolutionary change. This change will give freedom and equality to the workers. Anarcho-syndicalists want to get rid of the wage system and capitalism. They believe this leads to class divisions and inequality. 

The basic concepts of anarcho-syndicalism are:

Anarcho-syndicalists believe that only direct action can bring about change. Anarcho-syndicalists do not take part in indirect action, like electing a representative to a government position.

Anarcho-syndicalism played an important role in the Spanish Civil War.

Trotskyism

Trotskyism is the form of communism that is based on the ideas of Leon Trotsky. Trotsky described himself as an "orthodox Marxist". This is a different way of seeing the ideas of Karl Marx than the way other communists like Mao Zedong and Joseph Stalin saw them. The biggest difference is in Trotsky's idea that there needs to be an international "permanent revolution". Permanent revolution is the idea that proletarian revolution needed to spread in countries worldwide, even where capitalism was not as advanced as only the proletarian revolution could carry out the tasks of the unfinished bourgeois revolutions in these countries. This is different to the Stalinist idea of trying to preserve a single nation's revolution from within. Trotsky also supported a less authoritarian government and more democracy.
The largest Trotskyist organizations today are the Reunified Fourth International, International Socialist Tendency, International Marxist Tendency, the International Communist League, and the Committee for a Workers' International.

A Fistful of Dollars

A Fistful of Dollars (1964) is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood. It is the first movie in the Dollars trilogy and was the first Spaghetti Western to be released in the United States. The second movie in the Dollars Trilogy is "For a Few Dollars More"; the third is "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly".


For a Few Dollars More

For a Few Dollars More (1965) is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood. It is the second movie in the Dollars trilogy and was released in the United States in 1967. The first movie in the trilogy is "A Fistful of Dollars"; the third is "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly".


The Good, the Bad and the Ugly

The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966) is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood, Lee Van Cleef and Eli Wallach. The film follows three men, Blondie (the Good), Angel Eyes (the Bad), and Tuco (the Ugly), as they compete to find a buried treasure during the American Civil War. It is the third and final movie in the Dollars trilogy and was released in the United States in 1967. The first movie in the trilogy is "A Fistful of Dollars"; the second is "For a Few Dollars More".

This movie and "Once Upon a Time in the West" are considered to be the greatest western movies ever.


Ennio Morricone

Ennio Morricone (November 10, 1928 – July 6, 2020) was an Italian classical composer famous for making movie scores. He composed the scores for more than 500 movies and television programs. He is well known for composing the scores to , particularly Spaghetti Westerns. 

In 2007 he received the Honorary Academy Award for his many great movie scores. In his career, the composer sold over 50 million records worldwide. In 2016, he won an Academy Award for his work on "The Hateful Eight".

Morricone was born in Rome. He died at a hospital in Rome on July 6, 2020 from problems caused by a fall, aged 91.

Morricone stated composers like Bernard Herrmann, Nino Rota, Max Steiner, Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Marvin Hamlisch, Alex North, Victor Young and Franz Waxman as influences.

XTC

XTC was an English rock band. Its members were: Andy Partridge, Colin Moulding, Barry Andrews, and Terry Chambers. XTC started in 1976. They had their biggest success in the late 1970s and most of the 1980s. XTC was best known in their home country of England, but they had some fame in other countries like the United States. Their 2 biggest hits in the U.S. are "Dear God" and "The Mayor Of Simpleton". Some of XTC's other hit songs include "Making Plans For Nigel", "Senses Working Overtime", and "Are You Receiving Me".

XTC made a total of 13 studio albums. Their last album came out in 2000 and they broke up in 2005. Andy Partridge, the band's singer, says he doesn't think XTC will ever get back together.

One interesting thing about XTC is that they almost never did live concerts since 1982. The reason for that is because Andy Partridge sometimes got very nervous performing on stage in front of thousands of people.


Roh Moo-hyun

Roh Moo-Hyun (6 August 1946 – 23 May 2009) was a South Korean politician. He was the President of South Korea. He was born in Gimhae, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea. He took office on February 25, 2003. He is seen as one of the most popular presidents of South Korea.

After retirement from Cheongwadae, he was residing in Bongha Maeul, Gimhae, Gyeongsangnam-do until death. He committed suicide on May 23, 2009, by jumping off a cliff after being accused of taking bribes.


Kim Young-sam

Kim Young-sam (December 20, 1927 – November 22, 2015) was the President of the South Korea from February 25, 1993 to February 25, 1998. He was born in Geoje, South Gyeongsang. When elected in 1992, he became the first civilian to become president in over 30 years.

Kim died in a hospital in Seoul, South Korea from heart failure caused by a blood infection, aged 87.


Roh Tae-woo

Roh Tae-woo (4 December 1932 – 26 October 2021), was the sixth President of South Korea (1988–1993). He was a Korean general and politician. A member of the Hanahoi, Roh was the hand-picked successor of the ex-general and president Chun Doo-hwan. This caused large pro-democracy rallies in Seoul and other cities in 1987. Roh agreed to hold democratic presidential elections, making himself a candidate for the next election. The opposition split the votes between Kim Young-sam and Kim Dae-jung (both of whom later became presidents). This made Roh the first elected president after the time that the military ruled the country.

Roh's rule was notable for hosting the Seoul Olympics in 1988 and for his foreign policy of nordpolitik.

In 1993, Roh's successor Kim Young-sam led an anti-corruption campaign that saw Roh and Chun Doo-hwan on trial for bribery. The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju Riot. 

Both were found to be guilty in August 1996 of treason, mutiny and corruption. Chun was sentenced to death, later changed to life imprisonment. Roh's 22 1/2-year jail sentence was reduced to 17 years. Both were released from prison in early 1998, pardoned by then-President Kim Dae-jung.

Roh died on October 26, 2021, at the Seoul National University Hospital in Seoul at the age of 88.

Chun Doo-hwan

Chun Doo-hwan (6 March 1931 – 23 November 2021) was a Korean military officer and the President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988. He was sentenced to death in 1996. Chun was later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam on the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung, who was sentenced to death by Chun some 20 years earlier.

Chun was a graduate of the Korean Military Academy in 1955. He was a member of Hanahoi, a powerful group of military officials that supported his actions. He was in charge of the investigation into the assassination of President Park Chung-hee. On 12 December 1979, in what became known as the Incident of December 12th, Chun ordered the arrest of Army Chief of Staff General Chung Sung Hwa (정승화, 鄭昇和) without authorization from then-President Choi Kyu-ha. He ordered the arrest as part of the investigation of his part in the assassination. Chung Sung Hwa resisted the arrest. This led to a bloody gun fight at the Army Headquarters and the Ministry of Defense. By the next morning, Chun and his fellow military academy graduates Roh Tae-woo and Jeong Ho-yong were in charge of the Korean military.

On 17 May 1980, Chun placed the entire country under martial law and disbanded the National Assembly. Many politicians were arrested, including liberal politician Kim Dae-jung. Kim was later sentenced to death in spite of protests from the United States. Later, Chun changed Kim's sentence in return for U.S. support. Protests across the nation became smaller. However, very violent prostests happened in Gwangju. Protestors Lootinglooted government building. They armed themselves with stolen guns and military jeeps. Protestors killed a couple of policemen and started of violent protest against the government. A couple of hundreds of protestors and some thirty soldiers were killed in the Gwangju. Choi resigned in August, and Chun was elected his successor by the National Conference for Unification, the South Korean electoral college, in September. In February 1981, Chun was elected president under a revised constitution as the candidate of the Democratic Justice Party (later renamed Democratic Republican Party). 

Chun ruled in an authoritarian manner. The 1981 constitution was less authoritarian than its 1972 predecessor, the Yushin Constitution, but still granted very broad powers to the president. However, it limited the president to one seven-year term. Chun did not try to change it so he could run for reelection in 1988. 

By 1986, the general public was happy with the economic growth. However, there was much anger and hatred against Chun's regime by left-wing students who later became known as 386s. The left wing students led the nationwide June 1987 protests. In the same month, U.S. President Ronald Reagan sent a letter to Chun in support of the creation of "democratic institutions." On June 29th, Roh Tae-woo announced a program of reform. This included direct presidential elections, restoration of banned politicians including Kim Dae-jung, and other liberalizing measures. This won Roh instant popularity, and he was elected as the next president of South Korea. It later became known that Chun was responsible for this plan.

During Chun's visit to Rangoon, Burma (now Myanmar) in 1983, a bomb exploded at a mausoleum he was about to visit. The bomb killed 21 people, including South Korean Cabinet members. Chun himself did not die because he got there two minutes late. While no firm evidence of North Korean involvement has been found, they are widely thought to be responsible.

In 1996, former presidents Chun and Roh were jailed on charges of corruption. On December 16, they were also found guilty of treason and mutiny as part of their takeover of power. Chun was sentenced to death. That sentence was changed to a life sentence. He and Roh were pardoned a year later.

Chun died at his home in Seoul, on 23 November 2021 from cardiac arrest caused by blood cancer, aged 90.


Choi Kyu-ha

Choi Kyu-hah (July 16, 1919 – October 22, 2006) (also spelled Choi Kyu-ha) was the President of South Korea between 1979 and 1980. He was born in the town of Wonju, in Gangwon Province. He was foreign minister of South Korea from 1967 to 1971 and prime minister from 1975 to 1979. 

After the assassination of Park Chung Hee in 1979, Choi, the prime minister of South Korea at the time, took power. Because of the unrest of Park's authoritarian rule, Choi promised a new constitution and democratic elections (many thought that the elections led by Park were flawed). He won a December election later that year to become the country's fourth president.

In December 1979, Major General Chun Doo-hwan and close allies in the military staged a military coup against Choi's government. They quickly removed the army chief of staff and by early 1980 virtually controlled the government.

In April 1980, because of increasing pressure from Chun and other politicians, Choi appointed Chun as head of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency, giving him enormous power. In May, Chun declared martial law and removed all trappings of civilian government, becoming the de facto ruler of the country. By then, student protests were increasing in Seoul and Gwangju. The protests in Gwangju continued, resulting in the Gwangju Massacre, where over 200 civilians were killed within five days by Chun's military.

Choi resigned soon afterward. Chun became president on September 1, 1980. After his resignation, Choi lived quietly out of the public eye. He died on October 22, 2006, aged 87.



Park Chung-hee

Park Chung-hee (September 30, 1917 – October 26, 1979) was the dictator of South Korea from 1961 until he was assassinated in 1979. He was named one of the top 100 Asians of the Century by Time Magazine (1999). He has been severely criticized for his government's brutality, especially after 1971. Nevertheless, he has a positive image in South Korea today. A pen name was Jungsu.

Park was born in Seonsan, a small town in Gumi-si, Gyeongsangbuk-do near Daegu. He was the seventh child from a family of modest means. His father was Park Seong-bin (age 46 at the time) and his mother was Baek Nam-hui (age 45).

Park came from an undistinguished local branch of Goryeong Bak descent group.

Park won admission to Daegu Teacher's College through a competitive examination. He entered on April 8, 1932 and graduated on March 25, 1937, after five years of study. His formative years coincided with the Japanese invasion of China, starting with the Manchurian incident in 1931 and culminating in all-out war in 1937.

He went on to teach for several years in Mungyeong, where the school has been preserved as a museum.

Park won admission to a two-year training program in Manchukuo, the Japanese puppet state in Manchuria. Under the Japanese policy of sōshi-kaimei, he adopted the Japanese-style name Takaki Masao (高木正雄). He graduated from the Japanese Manchurian military academy at the top of his class in 1944. He then was selected for another two years of training at the Imperial Military Academy in Tokyo. Park was a lieutenant in the Kantogun, part of the Imperial Japanese Army, in Manchuria, fighting Mao Zedong's Chinese Communist forces.

After Japan's defeat in World War II, under his communist elder brother's influence, Park joined a communist group, the South Korean Workers' Party, in the American occupation zone, which later became South Korea. Park was involved in a rebellion in Yeosu and Suncheon, Jeollanam-do, led by units of the new American-supported army. He was arrested and sentenced to death, but released soon after revealing the names of communist participants to the South Korean authorities. He was then released and left the army in dishonor. However; the outbreak of the Korean War enabled him to be reinstated, and he served the new country fighting against the communists.

Syngman Rhee, the first president of the Republic of (South) Korea, was forced out of office on April 26, 1960 as an aftermath of the April 19 Movement, a student-led uprising. A new government took office on August 13. This was a short-lived period of parliamentary rule in South Korea with a figurehead president, Yun Po-son, in response to the authoritarian excesses and corruption of the Rhee administration. Real power rested with Prime Minister Chang Myon.

The new government was caught between an economy that was suffering from a decade of mismanagement and corruption by the Rhee presidency and the students who had forced Rhee out. The students were regularly filling the streets, making numerous and wide-ranging demands for political and economic reforms. Law and order could not be maintained because the police, long an instrument of the Rhee government, were demoralized and had been completely discredited by the public. Continued factional wrangling caused the public to turn away from the party.

Seizing the moment, then-Major General Park led a bloodless military coup (called the 5.16 Revolution) on May 16, 1961, a coup largely welcomed by people exhausted by political chaos. Although Chang resisted the coup efforts, President Yun sided with Park and persuaded the United States Eighth Army and the commanders of various South Korean army units not to interfere with the new rulers.

The Korean Central Intelligence Agency (KCIA) was created on June 19, 1961 to prevent a countercoup and to suppress all potential enemies domestic and international. It was to have not only investigative power, but also the power to arrest and detain anyone suspected of wrongdoing or harboring anti-junta sentiments. The KCIA extended its power to economic and foreign affairs under its first director, Colonel (retired) Kim Jong-pil, a relative of Park and one of the original planners of the coup.

Yun remained in office to provide legitimacy to the regime, but resigned on March 22, 1962. Park Chŏng Hŭi was the real power as chairman of the Supreme Council for National Reconstruction. Following pressure from the Kennedy administration in the United States, a civilian government was restored, with Park narrowly winning the 1963 election as the candidate of the newly created Democratic Republican Party over Yun, candidate of the Civil Rule Party. He was re-elected in 1967, again defeating Yun by a narrow margin.

Pak helped to develop South Korea's economy by shifting its focus to export-oriented industrialization. When he came to power in 1961, South Korean per capita income was only USD 72, and North Korea was regarded as the greater economic and military power on the peninsula because North Korea was industrialized under the Japanese régime due to its geographical proximity to Manchuria and merit in terms of natural resources, and managed to rebuild after heavy bombing by the Americans during the Korean War. During Pak's tenure, per capita income increased twentyfold, and South Korea's rural, undeveloped economy was transformed into an industrial powerhouse. Even Kim Tae Jung, one of Pak's most prominent opponents during his rule, has praised him for his role in creating the modern-day South Korea.

The strength of Pak's leadership was evidenced by the remarkable development of industries and rise in the standard of living of average South Korean citizens during his presidency. Many still question Pak's judgment, however, as his 1965 normalization of diplomatic relations with Japan was extremely unpopular and resulted in widespread unrest as memories from Japan's 35-year brutal colonization of Korea proved vivid. However, by normalizing relations with Japan, Pak allowed Japanese capital to flow into the country. These aids and loans—although criticized by many Koreans to be too meager for the 35 years of occupation by Imperial Japan—along with American aid, helped to restore the depleted capital of South Korea. Nonetheless, it must be noted that with North Korea's economy at the time being bigger and more vibrant than that of South Korea, Park did not have many options or much time to negotiate for more fitting reparations and apologies. This issue still plagues Japan and South Korea's relationship today.

Pak was reelected in 1967 against Yun.


The Constitution of 1963 barred a South Korean president from seeking a third consecutive term. However, with the assistance of the KCIA, Pak's allies in the legislature succeeded in amending the Constitution to allow the current president—himself—to run for three consecutive terms. In 1971, Park was victorious again, this time over Kim Dae-jung in the general election.

Just after being sworn in for his third term, Pak declared a state of emergency "based on the dangerous realities of the international situation." In October 1972, he dissolved Parliament and suspended the Constitution. In December, a new constitution, the Yusin Constitution, was approved easily by the general public. The new document dramatically increased Pak's power. It transferred the election of the president to an electoral college, the National Conference for Unification. The presidential term was increased to six years, with no limits on reelection. In effect, the constitution converted Pak's presidency into a legal dictatorship. Pak was re-elected in 1972 and 1978 with no opposition.

On January 21, 1968, a team of about 10—15 North Korean spies was secretly sent to South Korea to kill Park. They crossed the border mountains and hijacked a bus in Seoul. No civilians were in the bus. The spies drove it towards the Blue House, where Park was at the time. When the Korean military was informed of the presence of the North Koreans, they hurriedly went to protect the president. Armed with machine guns and grenades, the spies drove almost to the Blue House until they met South Korean soldiers. After a short grenade and gun battle, all but one spy were killed. Thirty-seven South Koreans were also killed.

On August 15, 1974, a botched assassination attempt by North Korean agent Mun Se-gwang claimed his wife, Yuk Yeong-su, instead. After this attack he finished the speech he had been giving. His wife died later that day.

On October 26, 1979, Park was shot dead by Kim Jae-kyu, the director of the KCIA who was his close friend. Kim claimed that Park was an obstacle to democracy and that his act was one of patriotism. After Kim fatally shot the president and the leader of his guards, his agents quickly killed four more of the presidential bodyguards before the group was caught. The entire episode is usually either considered a spontaneous act of passion by an individual and that the actions of the other agents only occurred because the men felt loyalty to Kim and naturally followed his lead, or as part of a pre-arranged attempted coup by the intelligence service, , with the latter being more widely believed.

It is alleged by supporters that despite his dictatorial rule and the high growth that occurred during his years in power, Park did not engage in corruption and led a simple life. Detractors allege he was simply a brutal dictator and only brought about high growth through military control over labour.

Being a complex man as a policy maker, many Koreans continue to hold Park in high regard in great part due to the industrial and economic growth experienced by South Korea under his presidency. But there are also many who condemn him for the brutality of his dictatorship and for his service to the Japanese army during World War II. Today, Park's critics deplore the widespread human rights abuses in South Korea during his rule. However, his supporters argue that the human rights abuse accusation is mostly fabricated or exaggerated. One example of his many abuses was the kidnapping of opposition activist Kim Tae Jung. Around noon of August 8, 1973, Kim was attended a meeting with the leader of the Democratic Unification Party in the Room 2212 of the Hotel Grand Palace in Tokyo. At around 13:19, Kim was abducted by a group of unidentified agents as he walked out of the room after the meeting. He was then taken into the empty Room 2210 where he was drugged and became unconscious. Later Kim was moved to Osaka and later to Seoul, South Korea. Kim was later quoted as saying that a weight had been attached to his feet aboard the boat heading toward Korea, indicating that the kidnappers had intended to drown him by throwing him into the sea. They were, however, forced to abandon this plan as the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force began a pursuit of the kidnappers' boat. Later, Kim was released in Busan. He was found alive at his house in Seoul five days after the kidnapping. According to some reports U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib intervened with the South Korean government to save Kim's life.

Pak's daughter Park Geun-hye was elected the chairwoman of the conservative Grand National Party in 2004. She resigned her post in order to prepare a presidential bid for the upcoming election. 

Park Chung-hee was married three times. first wife Kim Ho-nam (1918 - 1990, m.1936 - 1945), birth one daughter, Park Jae-ok(, b.1937). second wife Lee Hyon-lan ( m.1945 - 1947), birth one son, early death (b.1947 and d.1947). third wife Yuk Young-soo(, 1926 - 1974, m.1950 - 1974, her death), birth daughter Park Geun-hye( b.1952) and Park Geun-ryoung(, b.1954), son Park Chi-man( b.1958).


Yun Poson

Yun Bo-seon (Korea:윤보선, August 26, 1897 – July 18, 1990) was the President of South Korea from 1960 to 1962. 

He was born in Asan, South Chungcheong province, Yun graduated from the University of Edinburgh in 1930. He entered politics after Japanese occupation ended in 1945, with Syngman Rhee being his mentor. In 1948, Yun was made mayor of Seoul by Rhee. A year later, he was made the Minister of Commerce and Industry. Soon, he started to disagree with Rhee's authoritarian policies. He then served as president of the Red Cross Society, before being elected to the National Assembly in 1954. A year later, he founded the opposition Democratic Party along with several others.

After Rhee's government was ousted by a student-led pro-democracy uprising, Yun was elected president on August 13, 1960. He was merely a figurehead, as South Korea had switched to a parliamentary system in response to the authoritarian excesses of Rhee's regime. After Park Chung Hee's coup in 1961, he stayed on briefly to provide legitimacy to the regime, but resigned on March 22, 1962. He opposed Park's authoritarian rule and ran for president twice in 1963 and 1967, losing each time. After receiving suspended sentences several times for anti-government activities, Yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused primarily on cultural activities until his death from diabetes and high blood pressure. He died in 1990.





Rhee Syng-man

Syngman Rhee or Lee Seungman (, March 26, 1875 – July 19, 1965) was a Korean independence activist and politician. He was the first president of South Korea. His presidency, from August 1948 to April 1960, remains controversial, affected by Cold War tensions on the Korean peninsula and elsewhere. Rhee was a strong anti-Communist, and led South Korea through the Korean War. His presidency ended in resignation following popular protests against a disputed election. He died in exile in Hawaii.

Rhee was born in Whanghai Province to Rhee Kyong-sun, a member of the aristocratic Yangban family. Rhee was descended from Prince Hyo-nyong, the second son of King Taejong of Joseon. He soon became active in Korea's struggle against Japanese control. He was arrested in 1897 for demonstrating against the monarchy.

After he was released in 1904 he went to the United States. He obtained several degrees, including a Ph.D. from Princeton University. He began writing his name in the Western manner, with the personal name before the family name. When President Theodore Roosevelt was helping negotiations for the Treaty of Portsmouth, Rhee asked him to put freedom for Korea in the treaty. This did not happen. In 1910, he went back to Korea under Japanese rule. His political actions got him into trouble with the Japanese army, so he left for China in 1912. In 1919, all of the major pro-independence groups formed the provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in Shanghai. Rhee was elected the president, a post he held until 1925 when he was removed by the Provisional Assembly for the misuse of his authority.

At the end of World War 2, Rhee returned to Seoul. This was before the other independence leaders, since he was the only one well known to the Allies. In 1945, he was chosen as head of a provisional (short term) government. With the unspoken agreement of the occupation authorities, Rhee conducted a number of actions to "remove Communism". This was actually a hidden plan to remove all possible opposition to him.

Rhee was elected the first president of South Korea on 10 May, 1948 by a parliamentary vote. He defeated Kim Koo, the last president of the Provisional Government by 180 votes to 16. All the left-wing parties refused to take part in the election. On 15 August 1948, he formally took over from the US military and became the legal power over the Korean people.

As president, Rhee took on dictatorial powers even before the Korean War started in 1950. He allowed the internal security force (headed by his right-hand man, Kim Chang-ryong) to put people in prison and torture them if they were thought to be Communists or North Korean agents. June 1949, Kim Koo was assassinated by Ahn Doo-hee, who siad he did it by the order of Kim Chang-ryong. His government also directed several massacres, the most famous being on the island of Jeju. This was after an uprising by left-wing groups.

Rhee made himself unpopular by telling the people in Seoul to stay in the city when the Korean War started. He had already left. His decision to cut the bridges on the Han River stopped thousands of people from escaping from the Communists. The UN and South Korean forces fought back and drove the North Koreans north towards the Yalu River. After a Chinese counterattack the UN and South Korean were pushed back to the current Demilitarized zone. Rhee became unpopular with the US and the UN for refusing to agree to peace plans that would have left Korea divided. He wanted to become the leader of a united Korea with UN assistance. He tried to stop any peace plan that would not remove the northern government completely. He also argued for stronger military action to be used against China. He was annoyed because the US would not bomb China.

On January 18, 1952, Rhee declared South Korean rule over the waters around the Korean peninsula. This was an idea the same as today's exclusive economic zones. The new border, which Rhee called the "Peace Line", included Tsushima Island and the uninhabited islands named Dokdo. This led to protests from the Japanese government. They claimed that the islands were Japanese territory. Minor clashes followed, but the islands have been under South Korean administration since then.
Throughout his rule, Rhee took extra steps to keep his control over the government. In May 1952 Rhee pushed through constitutional changes which made the presidency a directly elected position. To get this passed by parliament he declared martial law. He jailed the members of parliament he thought would vote against it. Rhee was soon elected by a big majority. He regained control of parliament in the 1954 elections. He pushed through an amendment to exempt himself from the eight-year limit on presidents.

Rhee's chances for reelection during the presidential campaign of 1956 seemed small. People did not think he should be allowed to be president three times. The main opposition candidate Shin Ik-hee drew large crowds during his campaign. Shin's sudden death during the campaign, however, allowed Rhee to win the presidency with ease. The runner-up of that election, Cho Bong-am of the Progressive Party, was later charged with spying and executed in 1959.

By 1960, Rhee had already served three terms in office. His next victory was certain after the main opposition candidate, Cho Byeong-ok, died shortly before the March 15 elections. Rhee won with 90% of the vote. The real contest was in the race for vice president. This was held separately under the law of the time. Yi Gi-bung, who Rhee thought should take over after him, was declared the winner of an election that the opposition claimed was rigged. This created anger among groups of the Korean people. A student-led April 19 Movement forced Rhee to resign on April 26.

On April 28, a DC-4 belonging to the CIA operated Civil Air Transport took Rhee out of South Korea. This was to rescue him from the angry crowds. Kim Yong Kap, Rhee's Deputy Minister of Finance, revealed that President Rhee had taken $20 million in government money for himself. Rhee, his Austrian-born wife, Francisca Donner, and adopted son lived in exile in Honolulu, Hawaii. On July 19, 1965, Rhee died of a stroke. His body was returned to Seoul and buried in the National Cemetery on July 27, 1965.

Rhee's legacy has been in considerable dispute. In general, conservative circles regard Rhee as the patriarch of the nation, while liberals tend to be critical of him.

Rhee's former residence in Seoul, Ihwajang, is currently used for the presidential memorial museum, and Woo-Nam Presidential Preservation Foundation has been set up to honour his legacy.





Psychonauts

Psychonauts is an action-adventure platformer video game created by Double Fine. It was made for the Xbox, Playstation 2, and PC, and was later brought to Xbox 360 through the Xbox Live Arcade service, and Apple Computers through Steam. The main character, Rasputin, is a Psychonaut, or psychic who travels through people's minds. Although Psychonauts initially did poorly regarding sales, the game is well known for being very creative and having a cult following. A sequel has recently been rumored to be developed by Double Fine and produced by Markus "Notch" Persson, millionaire, and creator of "Minecraft" and Mojang Studios. Tim Schafer, founder of Double Fine, predicts "Psychonauts 2" to cost $13 million to make.

Sum 41

Sum 41 (sometimes called The Sums, originally called Kaspir) is a Canadian rock punk band from Ajax, Ontario. The people currently in the band are Deryck Whibley (lead vocals, guitar, keyboards), Cone McCaslin (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Steve Jocz (drums, percussion, and backing vocals). The band's most known lineup is the same, except with Dave Baksh on lead guitar and backing vocals.

In 1999, the band signed a record deal with Island Records. Since then, the band has released four studio albums. Their most successful album to date is "All Killer, No Filler." The album had the single "Fat Lip" which did very well, making it the band's most successful single. The second single off the album, "In Too Deep", also did well.

They often perform more than 300 times in a single year. That is why they are known for their long and worldwide tours, most of which last more than a year. So far, all of the Sum 41 albums have done very well in Canada. Sum 41 has received many awards and nominations. They have been nominated for seven Juno Awards (the Canadian equivalent of a Grammy Award), winning twice.

Sum 41's influences include NOFX, All, Black Flag, Fugazi, Pennywise, Rancid, Superchunk, Weezer, Beastie Boys, Bad Religion, Buzzcocks, Nirvana, Ramones, Social Distortion, The Offspring, Foo Fighters, The Police, Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Guns N' Roses, Metallica, Anthrax, The Vandals, Megadeth, Dio, Slayer, No Use for a Name, Carcass, Elvis Costello, Run-DMC, Lagwagon, Face to Face, Devo, Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock and Green Day.


Canonization

Canonisation is a statement by a church saying that someone is a saint. This process is used by some Christian churches, most commonly in the Roman Catholic Church. The person must be dead, because living people cannot be canonised.

The process of canonisation involves proving that the person lived in a way that justifies this decision. They must have loved others and loved God. In the Catholic Church, at least two miracles by the saint's intercession must be proven. This means that, because the person is believed to be in heaven, someone must pray, or ask, for the saint to pray for them in heaven. If the prayer is answered and a miracle happens, then they know that the person is a saint. The miracles prove that the saint must be in heaven with God, and able to ask God for prayers to be answered. 

These people then enter into the canon, or list, of saints.

It is not correct to say that the Church "makes" someone a saint. The Catholic Church believes that anyone who is in heaven is already a saint. The canonisation process just finds out for sure, or without a doubt, that someone is a saint.


Saint Dunstan

Dunstan (909–May 19, 988) was the Archbishop of Canterbury from 960 to 988. He was canonized (made a saint) in 1029. He became famous for the many stories told about his dealing with the Devil.


Dunstan (disambiguation)

Dunstan may be the following reasons:






Kamala Nehru Park

SHOE PARK 

a park in India. It covers an area of 4,000 sq yd (3,300 m²). It is located at the top of Mumbai's Malabar Hill. The park is named after Kamala Nehru, the wife of India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. 

A place often visited by schoolchildren, it has little to offer by way of entertainment apart from a structure shaped like a shoe. The shoe structure is inspired by the nursery rhyme "There was an old woman." 

From the garden, one can see Chowpatty Beach, and the DOLLY

NECKLACE's

Stronghold

Stronghold means castle or any other strongly fortified place.
The history of fortified buildings reaches from antiquity to modern times.
In medieval Europe, the castle was the most common type of stronghold and often the residence of the king or territorial lord. The Maginot Line is an example of a 20th century stronghold. 

Stronghold is also the name of a small video game franchise consisting of several castle-sim games made by Firefly Studios.


Weimar (Lahn)

Weimar (Lahn) is a community in the German state of Hesse. It has about 7,600 inhabitants. Weimar (Lahn) lies near Marburg.


Lord

A Lord (Laird in some Scottish contexts) is a person who has power and authority. Women will usually (but not universally) take the title 'Lady' instead of Laird or Lord, but there is an example of a female Lord: "Lord of Mann", the ruler of the Isle of Man. The territory belonging to a lord is often called a lordship. Lords as a group are a peerage. 

The word actually comes from the Old English forms for "loaf" (bread) and "ward" (used to mean "protector", although today it means "one who is protected"). So a "lord" or "loaf ward" was originally "the one who protected the loaf". A mesne lord was a lord in the feudal system who had vassals who held land from him, but who was himself the vassal of a higher lord. The one who ruled over mesne lords was sometimes called an overlord. This higher lord was sometimes the king.

In a religious context, The Lord means God, mainly by Christianity.

Interval (music)

An interval in music means the distance between two notes (whether these notes are played together or separately).

Two notes on a keyboard which are next to one another (counting both white and black notes) are a “semitone” apart. A “tone” is two semitones (see semitone). However, an “intervale” depends on how the notes are written (what they are called) e.g. whether the black note between D and E is written as D sharp or E flat (which are two different names for the same note).

Please note that in all of the examples below, C is the lower note of the pair, and the other note is the next note of that name above it. So, the interval between a C and a B is only a major 7th if it is between a C and next B above it.

In a major scale there are eight notes e.g. a C major scale (see above) is:
C D E F G A B C and down again.


If a major interval is made smaller by a semitone it becomes minor:


If a perfect interval becomes smaller by a semitone it becomes “diminished”


If a major interval becomes smaller by "two" semitones (i.e. a tone) it becomes “diminished”


If a major interval is made bigger by a semitone it becomes “augmented”


Similarly, if a perfect interval becomes bigger by a semitone it becomes “augmented”


Examples:

It is important to realize that, in order to work out what an interval is, the lower note should be treated as the first note of the scale.

Examples:

Intervals can be “inverted” (turned upside down). For example: instead of going from a C up to an A (major 6th) we can go from C down to an A (minor 3rd).



Compound intervals are intervals bigger than an octave e.g.
C to D an octave and one more note above it is a major 9th.

Big intervals are called “wide” intervals. The opposite is a “narrow” interval.


Musical mode

Modes in music are a kind of scale.

The Ancient Greeks used several modes in their music. Medieval musicians borrowed the names of these modes to describe the scales used in their music. Western music predominantly usually uses two scales: major and minor, which correspond to the Ionian and Aeolian modes. Like any other scale, a mode can start on any note.

Each mode has a different pattern of tones and semitones (or “half tones”) (see semitone).
tone, tone, semitone, tone, tone, tone, semitone.
tone, semitone, tone, tone, semitone, tone, tone.

The modes are easiest to see on a piano keyboard using the white notes only. The most common modern modes are:

It will be seen that

Each mode also has a version called “hypo—“.
For example: A to A is Hypodorian. It is the same as Aeolian, but the D is treated as the “keynote”.

The names of the modes come from cities in Ancient Greece.

In the Middle Ages these modes were widely used in church music.

Some composers in recent centuries have enjoyed using the ancient modes from time to time in their music. Folksongs are often modal. Greensleeves is an example of a well-known tune which is modal.

Sharp

Sharp means that something can cut easily.
Sharp may also refer to:

Lúcuma

Lucuma fruits are found in Peru, and Chile. Lucuma have been eaten for many centuries. Anthropologists have found ancient burial sites with lucuma seeds. 

Lucuma is used in a variety of culinary drinks and desserts. Lucuma is the most popular ice cream flavor in Peru.

Western Asia

Western Asia (or Southwest Asia) is the part of Asia that includes the Middle East and South Caucasus. 

Southwest Asia in most uses includes:


Jane Eyre

Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charlotte Brontë. It was published in 1847 in England. It is Charlotte Brontë's most famous book.

Around this time, Charlotte was beginning to suffer a painful toothache, which made many of her teeth fall out. She was even more worried about her father's blindness. On 19 August 1846, Charlotte went to Manchester with her father to see an eye surgeon, William James Wilson. Wilson performed the operation on 25 August. The next day, Charlotte described it to her friend Ellen in a letter. Wilson had been helped by two other surgeons. The operation had taken about 15 minutes. Charlotte wrote, "Papa is now confined to his bed in a dark room and is not to be stirred for four days - He is to speak and to be spoken to as little as possible". "Depressed and weary (tired)", Charlotte began writing "Jane Eyre".

Charlotte did not have good eyes, so she wrote in little square books that she held close to her eyes. She wrote the first copy in pencil. When she left Manchester to go back home, she took the book with her and continued writing.

"Jane Eyre" is a love story. It tells about a young woman called Jane Eyre who was an orphan and goes to teach a girl named Adele Varens in a far-away house. The master of the house is Mr. Rochester. Jane and Mr. Rochester fall in love, but Jane is horrified when she finds out Mr. Rochester is already married to a crazy woman. She leaves the house, believing that marrying him would now be the same as adultery and that she would be his mistress, not his wife. When she goes away, she becomes sick and almost dies. Three people, Diana, Mary, and St. John Rivers, find her and let her live with them. There, she becomes a teacher and finds out that they are her cousins. She is very happy until St. John wants her to marry him and be a missionary with him. She knows that he does not really love her and thinks she is simply useful, so she says no. However, he continues to ask her, and she is finally almost persuaded that it is her duty to marry him when she hears Mr. Rochester crying, "Jane! Jane!" She feels that something has happened to him, and quickly goes back to see him. His crazy wife had set his house on fire and died in it. Mr. Rochester, because of the fire, had become blind and wounded. Jane, now that his wife is dead, is happy to marry him, and they get married and have a son.

The novel begins the last chapter with one of the most famous lines in English literature:

""Reader, I married him"".

The active voice was revolutionary for its time.


Gifhorn

Gifhorn is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony.

About 43,000 people live there. They have 3 star hotels.

Fortification

Fortifications are military constructions and buildings designed for defense during war. People have constructed defensive works for many thousands of years, but the designs have become more and more complex. The term fortification comes from the Latin words "fortis" ("strong") and "facere" ("to make").

Many military installations are known as forts, although they are not always fortified. Larger forts may class as fortresses, smaller ones formerly often bore the name of fortalices. Some are castles. The word fortification can also mean the practice of improving an area's defense with defensive works. City walls are fortifications but not necessarily called fortresses.

The last great system of fortification to be built was the Atlantic Wall.



Neurosurgery

Neurosurgery is the surgical specialty that focuses on diseases and injuries involving the brain, spinal cord and peripheral nervous system.

Conjoined twins

Conjoined twins are twins whose bodies are joined together at birth. This happens where the zygote of identical twins fails to completely separate. Conjoined twins occur in an estimated one in 200,000 births, and approximately half are stillborn. The overall survival rate for conjoined twins is between 5% and 25%. Conjoined twins are more likely to be female (70-75%). Daisy and Violet Hilton are a famous pair of conjoined twins. They were born in Brighton and were kept on top of the Evening Star pub, where they were taught to dance by a cruel barmaid. She then sold them and they toured Vaudeville. They became famous in the movie "Freaks" and lived long lives, eventually getting married.

United States Armed Forces

The United States Armed Forces defend The United States of America and areas far beyond it. They are staffed by Soldiers,Sailors and other Personnel who are responsible for protecting the United States of America and areas beyond it. The Branches of The United States Armed Forces are The United States Army,United States Marine Corps,United States Navy,United States Coast Guard,United States Air Force and United States Space Force.

The United States Armed Forces are the Military Forces of the United States. There are six branches: the Army,Navy, Marine Corps,Air Force,Space Force and Coast Guard.

The current President of the United States is Joe Biden. He is the current Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces. All branches except the Coast Guard are part of the Department of Defense, which is controlled by the Secretary of Defense. The Coast Guard is located within the Department of Homeland Security. The Marine Corps located within the Department Of The Navy.

About 1.4 million people are currently on active duty in the military with another 1,259,000 people on reserve (with 456,000 people in the Army and Air National Guard). There is currently no conscription. Women can serve in most combat positions, and in all non-combat military jobs. Because of war, some of these non-combat jobs actually see combat regularly.

All branches of the United States military have Commissioned Officers and Non Commissioned/Enlisted Personnel. Most Enlisted members with a rank of E-4 and above are called Non-Commissioned Officers (NCOs); the exception is the Air Force where E-5 is considered the first Non-Commissioned Officer (NCO) rank. Their usual duties are to supervise or make sure that common jobs are done properly every day. Most branches of the United States Military include "Warrant Officers" ("Chief Warrant Officers" in the Navy.) They are considered experts in their field, they are higher rank than other enlisted troops, but below Commissioned Officer. There are four or five ranks of Warrant Officers in most of the branches: WO-1 through WO-4 or WO-5(CWO-1 to CWO-4 or CWO-5)

Here are some common ranks for the US Army,Air Force and Marines. These branches of the military use different names for the enlisted ranks, but they all use the same for officers. The Navy and the Coast Guard have different ranks; for those see United States Navy. There are no five star general Ranks. The General of the Army,General of the Air Force and Fleet Admiral are only used in wartime situations. The United States Army,Marine Corps,Air Force and Space Force have Commissioned Officer and Non-Commissioned/Enlisted Personnel Ranks with the Navy and Coast Guard also having Officer Ranks. These Titles are seen below.



Xiao

The xiao is a Chinese musical instrument. It is made from bamboo. It is an end-blown flute.

Mike D

Michael Diamond, better known as Mike D (born November 20, 1965), is an American rapper. He is a member of the Beastie Boys, a hip hop band.

Diamond co-founded the band "The Young Aborigines" in 1979. They changed the name of the band to the Beastie Boys in 1981. At that time, the band played hardcore punk music. In 1992, he founded his own record label, Grand Royal. He is married to Tamra Davis.

Defensive wall

A defensive wall is a fortification used to defend a city from potential aggressors. In ancient to modern times, they were used to enclose settlements. Generally, these are referred to as city walls or town walls, although there were also walls, such as the Great Wall of China, Hadrian's Wall, and the metaphorical Atlantic Wall, which extended far beyond the borders of a city and were used to enclose regions or mark territorial boundaries. Beyond their defensive value many walls also had important symbolic functions — representing the status and independence of the communities they embraced.

Autolycus of Pitane

Autolycus of Pitane (ca. 360 BC—d. ca. 290 BC) was a Greek astronomer, mathematician, and geographer. He was born in Pitane, a town of Aeolis, in Asia Minor. His works were probably completed in Athens between the years 335 BC and 300 BC. Autolycus' surviving works include a book on spheres (called "On the Moving Sphere") and another on the rising and setting of celestial bodies. "On the Moving Sphere" is believed to be the oldest mathematical treatise from ancient Greece that is completely preserved.

Euclid mentions Autolycus' work. Autolycus also taught Arcesilaus.

Maurolycus translated Autolycus' works in the sixteenth century.

Autolycus studied the movements of a sphere. It is believed they were the earliest written mathematics related books which have actually survived. Theodosius' "Sphaerics" was based on Autolycus' work on spheres.

Autolycus studied the relationship between the rising and the setting of the celestial bodies, and wrote that "any star which rises and sets always rises and sets at the same point in the horizon."

A crater on the Moon is named after him.

Hadrian's Wall

Hadrian's Wall ( or ) is a stone and turf fortification built across northern Great Britain by the Roman Empire in the early second century. The Roman emperor Hadrian built the wall to control barbarians: the ancient Britons to the north of the wall. The wall is now in England, and runs between the Solway Firth and the River Tyne in northern England. When the Romans built the wall, it was the northern border of the Roman Empire. 

The Roman legions (armies) of the governor of Roman Britain, Platorius Nepos, built the wall for the emperor between 122 and 126. The wall was about long. Most of the wall – – was made of stone. To the west of this section – for – the wall was made of turf. The stone part of the wall was thick and about tall. The wall's turf part was thick and about tall. To start with, the wall's east end was at Newcastle upon Tyne (), but later the Romans built more stone wall for to the east, to Wallsend on Tyne. In front of the wall (on the northern side) was a ditch. The ditch was away from the wall. The ditch was at about deep and was normally about wide. The Romans used the wall for at least two hundred years.

Hadrian's Wall is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site called Frontiers of the Roman Empire. It was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987. It shares this listing with the Antonine Wall in Scotland and the German fortifications known as the "Limes Germanicus". Hadrian's Wall was the first of two "great walls" created by the Romans in Great Britain. Its ruins are more visible than the lesser known Antonine Wall to the north.It also had small watch towers/fortes along it.

The Vallum is a huge earthwork associated with Hadrian's Wall. It runs from coast to coast to the south of the wall.

Begun in AD 122, during the rule of the emperor Hadrian, it was the first of two fortifications built across Great Britain. The second was the Antonine Wall (now in Scotland), the lesser known of the two.

The original wall was 20 feet tall and 8 feet wide. It had a fort every 7 miles that housed a force of over 500 soldiers and for each mile there were smaller forts and watchtowers. There were three legions working on it and in 10 years it was nearly finished. 

The wall was the most heavily fortified border in the Empire. In addition to its role as a military fortification, it is thought that many of the gates through the wall would have served as customs posts to allow trade and levy taxation.

A significant portion of the wall still exists, particularly the midsection, and for much of its length the wall can be followed on foot by Hadrian's Wall Path or by cycle on National Cycle Route 72.

"Stretching for 73 miles across northern England, Hadrian's Wall is the most important monument of Roman Britain, and the best-known frontier of the entire Roman empire".English Heritage describes it as "one of the towering achievements of military engineering, and a monument to the power of one of the greatest empires in world history".



Brigantes

The Brigantes were a British Celtic tribe (people), that used to live in the North of Roman Britain; between the rivers Tyne and Humber. They occupied what was later Northumbria. To the north was the territory of the Votadini, which straddled the present day border between England and Scotland.

The tribes that used to live next to the Brigantes were the Carvetti, the Parisii, the Cornovii, and the Corieltauvi.

There was a Brigantes tribe who used to live in the South of Ireland as well. They may both be related to the "Brigantii" of the eastern Alps.


Relation

Relation could mean:



Kinship

Kinship is the most basic principle of putting individuals into social groups, roles, and categories. The basic sort of kinship is to belong to the same family by birth.

Kinship tells us how we are related to our family or each other, through our biology and history. Kinship can be a complex system of social groups. It is a universal system as everyone has a family. Some small and large scale societies use kinship not only for human reproduction but for “economic transactions, the political system and [their] religious beliefs” (J.Hendry, 1999).

The anthropologist Lewis H. Morgan invented kinship studies. In the 1850s and 1860s he watched the Iroquois, a Native American group in the Northeastern United States. He was mostly interested in what was keeping societies together. He was the first to state the different types of kinship systems that exist, in his book, called ‘Systems of Consanguinity and Affinity of the Human Family’.

There are two main types of kinship.

Consanguinity means to be related by blood. Laws in some countries use the amount of consanguinity between two people. For instance, deciding who is allowed to be married. It can also be used to decide who can receive property after death if there is no will. Many religions also use the amount of consanguinity to define acceptable practices.

Affinity means to be related by social processes, like marriage or adoption. There are also legal and religious definitions for acceptable amounts of affinity.

There are two types of descent involved in kinship. "Patrilineal" are the relations that come from the father’s blood line. "Matrilineal" are the relations that come from the mother’s blood line.



Thierry Henry

Thierry Henry (born 17 August 1977 in Les Ulis, Essonne, France) is a French football manager and former player. He is now retired but used to play at Arsenal and was previously a part of the France national team. He is considered one of the world's best players.

Henry started his career at small clubs in France. He had played for the Italian team, Juventus. In 2001, he joined Arsenal of England, where he became one of the best players in the English Premier League. After three years with FC Barcelona he went to the US to play for the New York Red Bulls in the Major League Soccer. He has been named the Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year three times and the French Player of the Year four times since 2001.

On the France national team, Henry has scored 5 goals in World Cup competitions. Only one French player, Michel Platini, has scored more goals than Henry.

Note

Monaco

Arsenal

Barcelona

New York Red Bulls

France
Individual

Orders






Attack

Attacking is an action done to violate or destroy something. In military affairs it means the armed action to force one's own will over the opponent's will, by means of destruction of the army of the enemy. The most important characteristics of an attack in comparison with all other types of combat and actions is the initiative.


Suwałki

Suwałki is a city in northern Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship. It has about 69 100 inhabitants and is 65,24 km².

The area of Suwałki has had people living on it since the early Middle Ages. However, with the coming of the Teutonic Order to Sudovia, their lands were captured and did not have many people living on it. The village was founded by monks, who were given the area around the future city in 1667 by the Grand Duke of Lithuania John II Casimir. Soon after the group of monks built its headquarters in Wigry, where a monastery and a church were built. The new owners of the area started fast use and building of the forests and brought enough settlers to build new villages in the area. Also, production of wood, lumber, tar and iron ore was started.

The town was cut into into 300 lots for future houses and its people were all given civil rights and did not have taxes for seven years. The town was also given 18.03 square kilometres of forest that was to be made into land to grow crops on. On May 2, 1720, by King August II let the city keep its rights, and the town was allowed to have one fair a week and four markets a year. A coat of arms was given also, with Saint Roch and Saint Romuald on it.

In 1794 the area was taken by Prussia. In 1796 the monastery in Wigry was closed and the ground that it was on was taken by the Prussian government. The next year local authorities were moved to the town, as well as a group of soldiers. By the end of 18th century, Suwałki had 1,184 people and 216 houses. Many of them were Jewish.

In 1807 Suwałki was taken by the Duchy of Warsaw. After losing Napoleon Bonaparte and the Congress of Vienna, the area was taken by Poland. The title of a powiat capital was gone for a short time, but it got the title back on January 16, 1816, when Augustów Voivodeship was made and its police were slowly moved to Suwałki. Soon after the old city hall was destroyed and replaced with a new one, and General Józef Zajączek paid for paving all the city's streets. Also, the graveyard was moved from the town centre to the edge of the town, and the area was made into a romantic city park. Also, a new road connecting Warsaw with St. Petersburg was built.

New streets were paved and new buildings were opened. In 1820 a new church was built and the following year the first synagogue opened. In 1829 a permanent post office was opened in Suwałki. Between 1806 and 1827 the number of people living in the town grew and reached 3,753 people living in 357 houses. In the November Uprising of 1831 the people living in the town took part in the fights against Russia, but the city was taken by the Russian army on February 11. In 1835 Tsar Nicholas I decided not to move the capital to Augustów and the fate of Suwałki was sealed. Two years later the town became the capital of Augustów Gubernia.

In 1826 new buildings were started by the state police. In 1835 a police station was finished, in 1844 a new town hall was finished, and Orthodox and Protestant churches. Soon after a new marketplace was opened, and St. Peter's and Paul's hospital and a gymnasium. Between 1840 and 1849 the main Catholic church was re-done Polish architects of the era, including Piotr Aigner, Antoni Corazzi and Henryk Marconi. In 1847 the city council passed a law banning building of new wooden houses.

The number of people living in the city kept growing quickly. In 1857 it had 11,273 people and in 1872 it had almost 20,000 people. New factories needed workers they came from all over the world. Because of that, the Polish-Jewish people was joined by people of many types of people that worshipped in the Russian Empire. Soon the city became the fourth biggest town in the Kingdom of Poland. After the January Uprising of 1863, a new a kind of government was made to join all of the Polish lands with Russia. In 1866 the gubernia of Augustów was named Suwałki Gubernia. However, the new Warsaw-Petersburg railroad passed by Suwałki and the town's growth ended.

After the spring of 1905, the time of Polish cultural re-building started. Although the Polish language was still kept from use, Polish schools and a library were opened. After the Great War broke out, there were fights for the area. In 1915, Suwałki was in German control. The town and nearby areas were broken from the rest of the Poland and were ruled by a German commander. Laws made by the German command led to the making of many secret social groups. In 1917, local branches of the Polska Organizacja Wojskowa were made.

After the end of the Central Powers in November 1918, the commander signed an agreement with the Temporary Council of the Suwałki Region and let the city back into Poland. However, the German army stayed in the city. In February 1919 the local people voted in the first elections to the Polish Sejm, but soon after the German commanders changed their minds and kept the Polish soldiers from the area and in May passed it to Lithuania to control. By the end of July the Paris Peace Conference gave the city to Poland and the Lithuanians left the city, but some of the Polish lands were left on the Lithuanian side of the border while several Lithuanian villages were left on the Polish side of the border. This led to the Sejny Uprising on August 23, 1919. To make the city safe, the next day Polish soldiers entered Suwałki. There was a Polish-Lithuanian War and for several days limited fights were fought for the control over Suwałki, Sejny and other towns in that area. The war ended because of the Entente in mid-September. During the Polish-Bolshevik War the city was captured by the Reds and after the Battle of Warsaw it was again given to the Lithuanians, but it was taken by the Polish Army with few losses soon after.

During the time between the wars, Suwałki ruled itself. This led to another time of growth, with the number of people in the city rising from 16,780 in 1921 to almost 25,000 in 1935. Most of the money in the city was made from trade during this time. Also, in 1931 the new water works and a power plant were built.

In the later times of the Polish Defensive War of 1939 the town was shortly captured by the Red Army. However, on October 12 of the same year the Soviets quit and gave the area to the Germans, because of the Nazi-Soviet Alliance. The town was named Sudauen and was made a part of the German Reich's East Prussia. Laws and terror led to the making of some rebellion groups. Although most of them were destroyed by the Gestapo, by 1942 the area had one of the strongest ZWZ and AK networks. Almost all of the city's once 7,000-strong Jewish people were murdered in German concentration camps. On October 23, 1944, the city was captured by the Soviet 3rd Belarusian Front. The fights for the city lasted for a few days and killed almost 5,000 Soviet soldiers.

After the war, Suwałki was still a capital of the powiat. The heavily damaged town recovered very slowly and Communism did not help the city's problems. This time came to an end in 1975, when Suwałki became the capital of a separate Suwałki Voivodeship. The number of people rose quickly and by the end of the 1970s there were over 36,000 people in the city.

In 1989 the city had a time of trouble. Most of the city's factories did not work good enough and ran out of money. However, the making of the Suwałki Special Economic Zone and the place of the Russian and Lithuanian borders opened new chances for local trade. Also, the clean city started to bring many tourists from all around the world to the city.


Charge (warfare)

A charge is an action in battle in which soldiers advance towards their enemy at their best speed to engage in close combat. The charge has been the key tactic and decisive moment of most battles in history.

The basic process operating in a charge is speed of advance against rate (or effectiveness) of fire. If the attackers advance at a more rapid rate than the defenders can kill or disable them then the attackers will reach the defenders. When a charge was not successful that will often leave the would-be attackers extremely vulnerable to a counter-charge.

Combat

Combat, or fighting, is purposeful violent conflict between two or more persons, groups or organizations, often intended to establish dominance over the opponent. The term "combat" typically means armed conflict between military forces in war. The more general term "fighting" can mean any violent conflict, including boxing and wrestling matches. Combat violence can be unilateral, fighting means that there is at least a defensive reaction. But the terms are often used synonymously.

Relationship

Relationship may mean:



Hawthorn

Crataegus (commonly called hawthorn) is a large genus of shrubs in the family Rosaceae. They are found in Europe, Asia and North America. The name hawthorn used to be used for the species found only in northern Europe but is now used for the entire genus. The same name is also used for the related Asian genus "Rhaphiolepis".

Hawthorn are shrubs and small trees. They grow to 5-15 m tall and have small fruit. The fruit are called haws.


Honeysuckle

Honeysuckles are types of shrubs or vines in the family Caprifoliaceae. They are found in North America, Asia and Europe. There are about 180 different species of honeysuckle, many of which are climbing plants. Over 100 types of honeysuckle are found in China. Europe and North America have only about 20 types each.

Many types of honeysuckles have bell-shaped flowers. These flowers make a sweet nectar that can be eaten. The fruit is a red, blue or black berry that has several seeds. The berries of most honeysuckles are mildly poisonous, but a few have berries that are good to eat.

Interpersonal relationship

Interpersonal relationships are social associations, connections, or affiliations between two or more people. There are different levels of intimacy and sharing concerning centered around something(s) shared in common. The study of relationships is of concern to sociology, psychology and anthropology.


The discovery or establishment of common ground between individuals is a fundamental component for long lasting interpersonal relationships. Loss of common ground, which may happen over time, may tend to end interpersonal relationships.

For each relationship type, essential skills are needed, and without these skills more advanced relationships are not possible. (For example, "partnership" needs the skills of "friendship" and "teamwork" skills).



Intimacy

Intimacy is linked with feelings of closeness among partners in a relationship. It is usually characterized by love and attachment. These feelings may or may not be connected or confused with sexual feelings. In other relationships, intimacy has more to do with shared moments than sexual interactions.

This is not an exact definition, but it seems that intimacy and healthy relationships go hand in hand. Indeed, intimacy is basic in any meaningful relationship: the basis of friendship and one of the foundations of love.

The main forms of intimacy are emotional intimacy and physical intimacy. Intellectual intimacy, familiarity with a person's culture and interests, is common among friends. Members of religious or philosophic groups may also perceive a "spiritual intimacy" in common.

Terms for partners in various degrees of love include


Intimacy (disambiguation)

Intimacy is a psychological concept describing the sort of contact between people in a relationship.

It can also mean:




Seaborgium

Seaborgium is a chemical element. In the past, it has been named eka-tungsten but is now named seaborgium. It has the symbol Sg and it has the atomic number 106. Seaborgium is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature. It has to be made. The most stable isotope is Sg. Seaborgium-271 has a half-life of 2.4 minutes. 

What Seaborgium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight, but since it is in the same period as tungsten in the periodic table, its appearance and may be similar to it.

The element is named in honor of Glenn Seaborg.

Seaborgium is a transuranium element. This means that it is "beyond" (trans) the element Uranium in the sequence of elements.

Mendeleev predicted that Seaborgium would exist. He called the element eka-tungsten because of its location was near Tungsten in the Periodic Table. The chemistry of seaborgium is like the chemistry of tungsten.

Seaborgium has no uses at all because of how fast it destroys itself. 

Seaborgium Carbonyl (CO)⁶ was made using the same method as Tungsten. Its only known and studied as a gas.


Fireworks display

A fireworks event (also called a fireworks display or fireworks show) is a display of the effects created by firework devices on various occasions. Fireworks events are often used during holidays. Fireworks competitions are also regularly held at a number of places.

Fireworks dates back to the 7th century and originated in China. The Chinese developed many different kinds of fireworks with a variety of effects and color. The art and science of firework making developed into an independent profession. In China, pyrotechnicians were respected for their knowledge of complex techniques in mounting firework displays.



Voyager 1

Voyager 1 is a space probe used by NASA to explore Jupiter and Saturn. It is the same in form to its sister spacecraft, "Voyager 2".

"Voyager 1" was launched on September 5, 1977, to study the outer planets of the Solar System. It is now in an extended mission. Its encounter with Saturn and Titan sent it on a hyperbolic trajectory out of the solar system, traveling at which is much faster than the escape velocity, meaning "Voyager 1" is able to escape the solar system.

"Voyager 1" research team announced on August 25, 2012 that it had left the solar system. It passed out of the heliosphere and into interstellar space. It's the most distant man-made object. On February 17, 1998, "Voyager 1" became the Earth's farthest spacecraft from the Earth, when it overtook "Pioneer 10" at a total distance of 70 AU, which is 6.5 billion miles from the Sun. It's also the first man-made object to leave the solar system. As of September 20, 2021, it was from Earth.

Both "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2" include the Voyager Golden Record, which is a recording of sounds and images of life on Earth. It was designed by a team headed by Carl Sagan to communicate with extraterrestrial life.

Pictures taken from the spacecraft: In 1990, a photograph (known as the Pale Blue Dot), was taken of the Earth.


Rose hip

Rose hips are the fruit of the rose plant. They can be eaten (with caution, the rose hip contains irritant hairs) and have a lot of Vitamin C. They are usually red/orange but may be dark purple to black in some species. Rose hips are commonly used as an herbal tea.


Martin Scorsese

Martin Scorsese (born November 17, 1942) is an American movie director. He was born in Queens and raised in Manhattan. Many of Scorsese's movies have Italian American, Roman Catholic and violent themes or ideas. Scorsese is probably best known for his movies about the mafia. He won the Academy Award for Best Director for his movie "The Departed" at the 79th Academy Awards in 2007; the movie also won Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Film Editing and Best Adapted Screenplay. This was Scorsese's first Academy Award for Best Director.

Martin Scorsese's filmmaking style is marked by key elements, including violent themes, the use of music, intricate cinematography, exceptional performances, psychological depth, exploration of religious themes, collaboration with top talents, a strong connection to New York City, frequent use of voiceovers, and cinematic references.


Scorsese has earned praise from many film legends including Ingmar Bergman, Frank Capra, Jean-Luc Godard, Werner Herzog, Elia Kazan, Akira Kurosawa, David Lean, Michael Powell, Satyajit Ray, and François Truffaut.

Chabad

Chabad-Lubavitch is the name of a sect of Hasidic Jews. It is one of the largest groups of Hasidic Jews in the world. Many of the Lubavitch Hasidim live in the United States or Israel. The Lubavitch world headquarters is in Crown Heights, a neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York. 

The Chabad movement was started by Rabbi Schneur Zalman of Liadi in Eastern Europe during the late 1700s. He named his 'Chabad' because in Hebrew it is an acronym for Wisdom, Understanding, and Knowledge. 'Lubavitch' was the name of the town in Russia where the movement was at from the time of the second Lubavitcher Rebbe (leader), Rabbi Dov Ber Schneuri, through the sixth, Rabbi Joseph Isaac Schneersohn.


Liese Prokop

Liese Prokop (March 27, 1941 – December 31, 2006) was an Austrian athlete and politician. Prokop was born in Vienna, Austria. Before being married to Gunnar Prokop, her name was Liese Sykora. The two had two sons and a daughter. Prokop won the silver medal in the Pentathlon in the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. Prokop was the first female Austrian Minister for Interior affairs. She was in charge of the security of Austria, including its police force. She was a member of the ÖVP, Austrian people's party.

She died unexpectedly December 31, 2006 of a torn aorta while being taken to a hospital in St. Pölten.

Austrian People's Party

The Austrian People's Party (German: "Österreichische Volkspartei", shortenend to ÖVP) is one of the biggest parties in Austria. It was founded in 1945. Its name roughly translates to Austrian People's party. It has about 630,000 members. Its views are often center-right. This means it often has conservative views on the matters at hand. Many of its voters are Catholics. It is against moderate socialism, which is embodied by the other big party, the SPÖ. 

Former Chancellor Wolfgang Schüssel is a member of this party. Former Minister of the Interior Liese Prokop (died 2006) was also a member.


Social Democratic Party of Austria

The Social Democratic Party of Austria (German: "Sozialdemokratische Partei Österreichs", shortened to SPÖ) is one of the oldest political parties in Austria. Its politics are center-left. This means it has a strong stance in labour unions. The party rejects neoliberalism. They like moderate socialism and social democracy. A well known politician of this party was Bruno Kreisky. Their current motto is "Freedom, Equality, Justice and Solidarity" (German: "Freiheit, Gleichheit, Gerechtigkeit und Solidarität").

Since the end of the Second World War, the party has been the strongest, or second-strongest party in Austria, by vote. The other party that they share this status with are the ÖVP. 

Their main points in the 2006 elections were:

Mińsk Mazowiecki

Mińsk Mazowiecki (Minsk, miɲsk mazɔ'vi̯eʦki) is a town in Poland. It is the capital of Mińsk County. 

It has been located in the Mazovia Voivodship since 1999. 

The town of Mińsk was founded in 1421. It has always been a town based on commerce. Before the Holocaust, it was a Polish - Jewish town. The main religion in Mińsk is Roman Catholicism. Mińsk have 37000 inhabitants.

Rosaceae

Rosaceae (rose-like plants) is a large family of plants. There are about 100-120 genera with between 3,000 and 4,000 species in them. Well-known plants from the family include:

Plants in Rosaceae usually have flowers with five petals. However, some decorative roses have many more. Species of Dryas usually have eight petals.

The Rosaceae family has been divided into subfamilies; usually the following four subfamilies are used: 
However, it has become clear that the last three of these subfamilies cannot be divided in a clear way. Also, there is a small group that is so different from other Rosaceae, that it is now given its own name. Botanists now use only three subfamilies in Rosaceae:

Rosales

Rosales is an order of flowering plants. It includes nine families. The plants are grouped together because their genetics are similar. Some well-known members of Rosales include: roses; strawberries, blackberries and raspberries; apples and pears; plums, peaches and apricots; almonds; rowan and hawthorn; elms; figs; nettles; and hops and cannabis. The true roses are in the "Rosaceae". 

Firework

A firework is an explosive pyrotechnic device that is used mostly for entertainment. The most common use of a firework is as part of a fireworks display.

Fireworks (devices) are made to have these four effects: They make noise, light, smoke, and sometimes produce floating materials (confetti for example). They may be designed to burn with colored flames and sparks. Displays are common throughout the world and are a main point of many different cultural and religious festivals. Independence Day, New Year's Eve and Guy Fawkes Night are examples.

Some fireworks are ground-based, and others are shot into the air. Because they explode and can cause fires or burns, most countries have laws that only allow trained professionals to use display fireworks. Smaller, less explosive fireworks are available to regular, everyday people, but they are still dangerous and cause injuries each year.

Fireworks dates back to the 7th century and originated in China. The Chinese developed many different kinds of fireworks with a variety of effects and color. The art and science of firework making developed into an independent profession. In China, pyrotechnicians were respected for their knowledge of complex techniques in mounting firework displays.

During the Song Dynasty (960-1279), many of the common people could purchase various kinds of fireworks from market vendors, and grand displays of fireworks were also known to be held. In 1110, a large fireworks display in a martial demonstration was held to entertain Emperor Huizong of Song (r. 1100-1125) and his court. A record from 1264 states that a rocket-propelled firework went off near the Empress Dowager Gong Sheng and startled her during a feast held in her honor by her son Emperor Lizong of Song (r. 1224–1264).

Rocket propulsion was common in warfare, as evidenced by the "Huolongjing" compiled by Liu Ji (1311–1375) and Jiao Yu (fl. c. 1350–1412). In 1240 the Arabs acquired knowledge of gunpowder and its uses from China. A Syrian named Hasan al-Rammah wrote of rockets, fireworks, and other incendiaries, using terms that suggested he derived his knowledge from Chinese sources, such as his references to fireworks as "Chinese flowers".

The New Year's Eve celebrations for 2014 in Dubai broke the world record for biggest fireworks display.


Pyrotechnics

Pyrotechnics is often thought to be synonymous with the manufacture of fireworks, but it also includes items for military and industrial uses. 

Items such as safety matches, oxygen candles, explosive bolts and fasteners and the automobile safety airbag all fall under pyrotechnics. Without pyrotechnics, modern aviation and spaceflight would be impracticable.

This is because pyrotechnic devices combine high reliability with very compact and efficient energy storage.

A pyrotechnic show is a pre-planned complex that includes ground and high-altitude fireworks. Sometimes such events are accompanied by the performance of specially trained artists of the original genre with pyrotechnic equipment.


Recreativo de Huelva

Real Club Recreativo de Huelva is a Spanish football club. The club was starting in 1889. It is the oldest football team in Spain.

Real Club Recreativo de Huelva is a Spanish football team formed on December 23 1889. This makes it the oldest football team in Spain, formed by Dr McKay and overseas British workers at the Rio Tinto mines. Originally named "Huelva Recreation Club". Due to its long-standing existence (it is the oldest surviving team of Spanish professional soccer), the team is often referred to as "El Decano" ("the dean") of the Spanish football fraternity.

Commonly known as "Recre", they play in white with blue vertical stripes and white shorts. Their home ground is the Nuevo Colombino stadium that seats 19,860.

After three seasons in "Segunda División" (Spanish second division), "Recre" achieved promotion to top flight after beating Numancia Soria on June 4, 2006, mathematically securing promotion with two matches left to be played. "El Decano" is again among the elite of Spanish football for the 2006/07 season.



Only three non-EU nationals can be on the pitch at anytime. Those with European ancestry can claim a passport from the nation their ancestors came from. If a player does not have European ancestry he can claim a Spanish passport by playing in Spain for 3 years.





Production

Production could mean:

Production in an "economic sense:"



Yu-Gi-Oh! (1998 anime)

Yu-Gi-Oh! is the title of the first anime series based on the "Yu-Gi-Oh!" manga. It is not connected in any way to the "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" series (known internationally as simply Yu-Gi-Oh!). They are 2 different anime series that are based on the same manga series. Fans of Yu-Gi-Oh! use the fan name "Yu-Gi-Oh! A Shadow Game" when talking about this show. They may use "Yu-Gi-Oh! first season" or "zero season" to refer to this show but this is not correct. based on it by Stephen king

The series aired on television from April 4, 1998 to October 10, 1998. It has 27 episodes. It was produced by Toei Animation. The level of violence was reduced between the manga and the anime. Some characters and how the characters acted were changed from the manga and new characters and plots were added and Duel Monsters had a bigger part. Unlike the second series, the card game (Duel Monsters) is not the main part of the show.


Factors of production

Factors of production are means necessary for the production of goods and services in economics. 

Classical economics has three factors:


Service (economics)

In economics and marketing, a service is an economic activity (e.g., labor) offered as a product. Although a service (i.e., the activity) is a non-material good, the result it produces may be a material good depending on the service. For example, a construction service may produce a material good, but a lawn mowing service may not. In most cases, the person or company buying the service does not obtain exclusive ownership of the service, but may take ownership of the material good, if one is produced.

Services can be described in terms of their main attributes.


Service

Service could mean:


Musical theater

Musical theater (or musical theatre) is a kind of performance in a theater. A work of musical theater is called a musical. It uses acting, music, songs, and often dance. Some musicals (for example "Les Misérables") have only a few lines of dialogue. Everything else is sung. It is usually a mixture of speaking and song. Some well-known musicals are "West Side Story", "The Sound of Music", "Chicago," and "Oklahoma!".

Music has been a part of drama since ancient times, but modern Western musical theatre emerged during the 19th century. 

Around 1850, the French composer Hervé was experimenting with a form of comic musical theatre that came to be called opérette. The best known composers of operetta were Jacques Offenbach from the 1850s to the 1870s and Johann Strauss II in the 1870s and 1880s. Offenbach's melodies, and his librettists' satire, formed a model for the musical theatre that followed. 

Important influences were the works of Gilbert and Sullivan in Britain and those of Harrigan and Hart in America. These were followed by the numerous Edwardian musical comedies and the musical theatre works of American creators like George M. Cohan. 


Asset

An asset is something valuable or useful. In business and accounting, the value of an asset is expressed as a certain amount of money. The amount of money can be calculated as the amount of economic value that the asset can produce in future. The calculation is based on past transactions or events. Correct evaluation can be useful in deciding what to do with an asset.

Examples of assets include money, property (land and buildings), and amounts to be received from someone.

There are two types of assets: 

Assets have three important characteristics:



Social Democratic Party of Germany

The Social Democratic Party of Germany (German Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands or SPD) is the oldest political party in Germany that still exists. It was created on 23 May 1863. Many people think that the SPD is one of the two most important political parties in modern-day Germany, with the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).

It was founded as the General German Workers Association ("Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein") (ADAV) on May 23rd in 1863 in Leipzig. Founder was Ferdinand Lassalle.
In 1875 the ADAV joined with the Social Democratic Workers' Party ("Sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei") (SDAP), which was founded in 1869 in Eisenach by August Bebel and Wilhelm Liebknecht.

The new name was the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands") (SAP).

In the autumn of 1890 it took its present name.

In the years between 1875 and 1890 it was made illegal by Otto von Bismarck.
The Social democrats wanted to support the rights of workers.

In 1914 the SPD was split into two. Most members of the party supported the Kaiser and his plans for war. The other members formed the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany ("Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschland") (USPD). They were against the war.

After the monarchy fell, the SPD led some governments of the Weimar Republic.

Later the SPD was the only party in the Reichstag who voted against the Enabling Act,("Ermächtigungsgesetz") which allowed Hitler to become dictator.

Afterwards, the Nazis banned the SPD and arrested the leading Social Democrats. Many were sent to Nazi concentration camps. Others moved away to towns where they were not known. Friedrich Kellner, an organizer for the SPD in Mainz from 1920 to 1932, moved to Laubach. He wrote entries in a secret diary about the crimes of the Nazis.

After World War II, the SPD was reformed.
In the GDR (East Germany) the Soviet Union forced the SPD to join with the communist party to make the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei"). In Western Germany the SPD continued as the largest center-left party.

First chief of the SPD after WWII was Kurt Schumacher.

The SPD led some state governments in West Germany, but was always the leading opposition party in the Bundestag (federal parliament).
Under its parliamentary party leader Herbert Wehner the SPD joined the federal government led by chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger (CDU) with the CDU and the CSU in 1966. Party chief Willy Brandt became foreign secretary and vice chancellor.

In 1969 Willy Brandt became federal chancellor. The SPD lead a coalition government with the FDP as its partner. In 1974 Helmut Schmidt became chancellor.

In 1982 the SPD lost the power of government.

Between 1998 and 2005 the SPD led the government under chancellor Gerhard Schröder. Its partner this time was The Greens.

In November 2005 the SPD became the junior partner in a coalition with the CDU and CSU under Angela Merkel.

The SPD is traditionally the party of the workers in Germany.
In 1959 the SPD adopted the "Godesberger Programm", named after the town of Bad Godesburg in North Rhine-Westphalia. The SPD formally abandoned Marxism, and accepted the market economy (which means people and companies can make money and keep it themselves), but wanted to have a social balance (which means people would get help from the government if they had no job, were sick or too old to work, instead of relying on savings or charity). Companies might get subsidies to help keep people in work.

Many people thought that the government of Chancellor Schröder (1998 - 2005) changed the idea of social balance, making people rely more on savings or charity. The SPD lost a lot of members. Now there is a discussion in the SPD about new social balance policies.




Pension

A pension is a steady income given to someone. If pensions are part of a system of social security, the recipient of the pension is usually retired or disabled. They either have worked a long time during their life, or they are physically unable to do so. A pension is usually paid until a certain date (or event) occurs. In the case of social security plans, pensions are usually linked to the life of the person who receives the pension. 

A defined Benefit pension defines the benefit to the worker based on salary basis, years worked, and a multiplier. An example might be 2@55 final 3, meaning that the annuity is the highest 3-year average salary times years worked times 2% (if age 55). A worker with 30 years service would receive 2*30 or 60% of their salary. Some systems allow a worker to receive more than 100% salary by various maneuvers to alter the final salary basis.

A defined Contribution pension defines the contribution, without constraining or promising a certain benefit. For example, a company might contribute 10% of a worker's salary to a pension account of the worker's choice, with final benefit received linked to the performance of the investment chosen. 

Many pension systems are underfunded and likely unsustainable based on independent financial analysis. Pension reform is a popular topic since about 2009, with pension debt seen as a contributing factor in the deficits at all levels of government.

Role

A role (sometimes spelled rôle) or a social role can be described as an expected behaviour of an individual. 

More precisely one could say it is a set of connected behaviours, rights and duties that a person has to follow in a social situation. It depends on social status.

"Role confusion" is a situation where an individual has trouble to decide which role he/she should play. For example, one could be a student who would attend a meeting of a particular recreational interest and find her teacher there. They would be in conflict between behaving as a student and as an enthusiast who shares the same interest as the teacher.

Aeneas

Aeneas was a Trojan prince and hero. His father was Anchises, his mother was the Greek goddess Aphrodite (Venus in the case of Roman sources). Both Homer and Virgil mention him in their stories. Virgil wrote a whole series of books about him. These books are called Aeneis in their original Latin. The usual English translation of the title is "Aeneid". 

The books relate to the story of "pious Aeneas". and about how the city of Rome came to be. 

The tale starts with Aeneas carrying his father out of the burning Troy, and end with Romulus and Remus founding Rome (after Aeneas landed on the coast, after sailing the Mediterranean Sea for a long time). Aeneas also appears in Book 5 of the "Iliad" written by Homer.

William Shakespeare also wrote a story mentioning Aeneas. Christopher Marlowe wrote a play about Aeneas and Dido, the queen who fell in love with him. There is also an opera about Dido and Aeneas, written by Henry Purcell.


